We got a delivery today for lunch and got the lunch specials it was nothing special I never had General Tso's chicken with walnuts on it. The pad thai noodles were bland. The specials came with wonton soup and there were none of the Chow Mein noodles with it nor duck sauce or soy sauce. Was disappointed with the food and will probably not order from them again and they especially forgot the fortune cookies.The food here for a takeout lunch was on time, fresh & seriously delicious. Flounder/mustard greens soup plus the leek pancake: order the soup and prepare yourself for a clean, bright set of traditional flavors led by fresh ginger, scallions plus tender filets so fresh they were almost sweet. A cut waaay above average. It's pan-Asian that respects its rootsI normally get the Garlic Sauce entree. I love it at level 2 heat with chicken. My last time there (three days ago), I ordered the House Special Noodles with chicken. It was simply ok. Nothing special. Way too many noodles with not enough protein or veggies. I added chilli oil to give it some kick and it tasted better, but still not as flavorful as I prefer. 
Service was good and professional, as usual.My first try at Schezuan food and I am a fan already. I tried the popcorn shrimp and the picked chilli fish. The popcorn shrimp is crunchy spicy just perfect. the portions of the entrees as I judged from the pickled chilli fish is good enough for 2 people. 
The place is pretty neat too.. It is while and red and I liked it =)Jane G is currently my most frequented restaurant. My favorite dish is the Fire Pot with Flounder served heated with a sterno. At a level 3 it's covered in dried chilies and has whole peppercorns, chunks of garlic and ginger and more chilis floating on top of enokitaki mushrooms, tofu and cabbage...and more chilies. I also love the Boiled Hot Sauce with fish, the Kung Pao chicken, and of course, the Dan Dan noodles. I wish they would bring back the rabbit with peanuts appetizer. Jane G will you please put it back on the menu?AMAZING! Being a huge fan of Asian cuisine I know what is good and bad Asian food, this is most certainly good. Starting off the mean with mouth watering scallion pancakes I knew this would be a memorable meal. I followed this amazing appetizer with the mango style Sichuan meal with chicken, I was amazed by the flavor and texture of both the mango and chicken. It is incomparable. If you're in the area and stop by, you're in for a treatAbsolutely loved Jane G's. Everything we ordered (brussel sprouts, cucumbers, Dan Dan noodles, cabbage and peppers and long hots and chicken) were incredible!! I wish we has gone with a group so we could have tried more. Food was fresh, staff attentive and atmosphere inviting. Definitely going back soon.The steamed fish with ginger is the most authentic and delicious I have had in the US. We also had a fun and delicious meal when we ordered the hot pot. They are very generous with the options and portions. The staff is very friendly and we love coming here for dinner!I went to Jane G's yesterday. I ordered fish dry pot lunch special. It tastes very fresh and good. It comes with a soup, and a rice. The environment is very nice. Very clean and kind of fancy. The people work there are very helpful. I love that place. I will definitely try Dan Dan noodles next time. It looks so good.Food is awesome!  I just moved two blocks away and this is my new to go Chinese restaurant.  Its not typical take out, its fancy.  The dumplings are my favorite.  Its decorated real pretty and they usually have live music for happy hour on weekends.We had a great meal.  My 4 year old loved the chicken fried rice.  My 6 year old loved both the braised beef soup and the pork lo mein.  My husband and I also loved the pork lo mein.  We had the fragrant fish dish and it was a bit too spicy for our tame palates but interesting even to jaded New Yorkers.Jane G's uses tons of MSG.  The food was mediocre.  I had seafood soup which was in a murky broth with tofu that dissolved as soon as you put it in your mouth.  I do not like tofu and this was not listed as an ingredient in the item on the menu. 
I also had a beef dish that was fine, but after an allergic reaction to the MSG that they use, I would never go back.  It's not worth the health risk.I've come here for hotpot a bunch of times, but their regular menu is also fantastic. Service is great, and the sauce lineup is decent. Note that they really mean it when they say that a dish is spicy.The food and service here is great. They have excellent happy hour specials. I,be had the Dan Dan noodles, soy glazed brussr sprouts and chili oil wontons. The bartenders are friendly and the food is good. I like it there.Service is good, however the food is really blend. We ordered the sour and spicy pork intestine soup, garlic pork belly, parsley pork rib. The pork tasted over-cooked. In general, I'm disappointed about the taste. Definitely not worth the drive from D.C.!Loved it. All the dishes were ordered were relish. Good prices too. We ordered paad thai, Szechuan chicken, beef tendon, dumplings in chili oil. Very impressed!!!Jane G's is pretty bomb (in a good way). All of their dishes are tasty. I particularly like the cumin beef and I love that fact that there's a lot of variety of foods to choose from (like the fact that you can do hotpot!!--which I have still yet to try). 
Their cocktails are very sugary, perfect for those who don't want to really taste alcohol (lol). 
The ambiance and decor are very nice. The service is pretty good as well. Everyone is pretty attentive. The food doesn't take long to come out either. 
A couple of friends and I came here for a meet-up a few days ago during restaurant week at around 7:00 pm. We ended up chatting away until closing time and didn't notice that most patrons were gone. We felt bad because we realized that the waiters were waiting to clean our table as we were one of two groups that were left. I felt appreciative that they didn't rush us to leave.Slightly overpriced Szechuan cuisine  restaurant. The Dan Dan noodles were the highlight of the meal along with wontons in chili oil. The service was somewhat overbearing and 20% addition of tip to a group of 6 was not mentioned until we received the check. Otherwise a nice experience.Good food but a bit on the expensive side. It's pretty authentic and the waiting staff are very nice. I'd go there again.Great place with bar and authentic Szechuan food. Like the Dandan noodle and dry hot pot.Surprised how mediocre/not good this was. No white meat chicken (all dark meat). The chicken was so chewy i could barely eat it. the super thick gyoza were barely cooked and was basically floppy dough with so so pork inside. it all just tasted like it could have come from any corner Chinese store in South Philly. Super disappointed. Actually my regular corner Chinese store was better.Like the the decoration and the bar, it is a decent place to dine in. But the food now is no longer Szechuan style. The taste of the dishes changed a lot to the American spicy dishes. Dry pepper chicken used to be my favorite, but let me down twice in 2014, no more try. 
Only go there when I want spicy food. No longer be my favorite Szechuan restaurant in Philly.Food is good. Drinks are too expensive. 10 bucks for only 4 tiny glasses of sake? No way.Came here for happy hour. Ordered the rock shrimp and chili oil dumplings (3). Food was great. Next time order the dumplings at a 2. The 3 was pretty spicy.  Great deals on food during happy hour.Nice ambiance and decor to bring your date or business peeps. Busy during Sunday dinner means flag down your server if you need them because they won't be checking up on you. Won't recommend the incredibly salty dan-dan noodles. Garlic soy pork belly app was good. Salt & pepper squid app w/ rice is A+, fried in a light batter on a bed of greens and sauteed peppers+onions. I would like to come again to try their Sichuan dishes and drinks.Authentic Szechuan cuisine elevated.
The house Dan Dan Noodles are very good, if a bit too soft. For what it's worth, I am still partial to Han Dynasty's rendition of the dish. Still, it's Jane G's other dishes which truly set it apart.
The Beef Lover's Quarrel is served cold and comes with beef tendon, shank, and tripe marinated in chili oil with peanuts and cilantro. YUM! Chewy, salty, spicy, and oh-so-savory. We ordered at spiciness level 4 -- it packs a punch, but if you like spice then I highly recommend it! If this doesn't sound appealing to you, maybe try ordering a Wawa sandwich on the next block instead.
Jane G's "double cook fish", however, was the real star of the show. Thick, tender fish, marinated, battered, and crispy-fried with leeks and soybeans, then topped with savory chili oil. Asian-style comfort food at its finest, and the large portions are definitely enough to share.
If spicy is your thing, definitely give Jane G's a try!We frequent Jane G as it's located in close proximity to our apartment and we generally love the food. Jane G was frankly like a home kitchen to us and we never cared about the ambience or service - until our hugely disappointing experience last weekend.
We ordered the newly offered seaweed and rib soup, and I ended up almost swallowing a small piece of plastic with sharp points from the soup. The plastic piece was somewhat transparent and blended right into the beige-colored soup. Luckily I felt a sting in my tongue and spat it out before too late. Called the manager over; two supervising staff members came and took away the plastic. Didn't take a picture of it. 
It was an unpleasant near miss- but would have been fine if they were immediately apologetic and offered some sort of reimbursement. Instead, they kept telling us (in a not-a-big-deal kind of tone) that it was a plastic piece from the soup can...umm like telling us what type of plastic it was supposed to make us feel better?? Plastic is plastic, not suitable (and sometimes deadly) for human consumption, period. Oh, especially when it's a sharp piece with pointy ends! I then kept expressing more of my dissatisfaction before the manager agreed to take the soup off the check. 
In a similar but far less serious incidence at this Tapas place we frequent, we once spotted a small piece of paper in ice cream. They immediately apologized and offered the entire dinner on house. We already had minimum expectation on customer services at Jane G but this experience was just beyond disappointing. Especially for those of us who dine in this often.Ordered late night pick up.  Food was ready when we arrived in 10 minutes.  The dan dan noodles were excellent and comparable to some favorite Szechuan places.  While tasty, the chili oil wontons were definitely undercooked.  Nevertheless, I would be willing to go back and give them another try.We came in on a Saturday night and only waited about 10 minutes for a seat. General Tao's chicken served with walnuts was unexpected but absolutely delicious. We sat at the bar and the bartender was quick and extremely helpful. They also serve Sapporo beers, one of my boyfriend's favorites. This is a big step up from your usual Chinese take out place, and I can't wait to come back and try for outdoor seating.I've been here several times and the food was great! As I'm enjoying my food today I looked down and there was a roach on the chair next to me. NEVER AGAIN!!Wait more than 25 minutes for the foods coming up after order. Don't come here when you are hungry, especially on holidays.I've gone here a couple of times for lunch and every time, I've been impressed by their food, service and ambience
The ambience suggests that it is higher end than the prices suggest. The food have the right amount of flavoring and their chili oil adds the right amount of zing to the food
My favorite there is the Dan Dan noodles (although I'll admit that I'd rather one at Han Dynasty slightly higher for that). The dumplings were decent but could have been a little better put together
The Pad Thai, although it was flavorful, I thought it was missing more vegetables like snow peas, beansprouts, etc
Overall, it is a decent restaurant for a workday lunch in center cityJust had lunch here with my husband. We love Chinese food! The appetizers were great, but the fried rice and our entree were so incredibly salty they were inedible, it seemed like it was a mistake.  Our server asked why we didn't eat it, and said he would tell the chef. Then he came back and said, next time ask for less salt, and still charged us for it.We only got the Happy Hour bar menu, but everything that we ordered was really good. It says something when you look around at a Chinese restaurant and see Chinese people speaking Chinese. We chose this place because of the location, and they were able to accommodate us for a work Happy Hour. ($5 glasses of wine)
The service was really quick, friendly and informative. We had some confusion with our check since we were a big group, but the manager was really patient with us and friendly. While I was making the reservation, the hostess was not very helpful about answering my questions, but I left my phone number and someone called me back in 5 minutes. 
I will definitely be returning to Jane G's for dinner.Excellent Szechuan cuisine! Ask for the Chinese menu if you are craving for the authentic Chinese food.
The first time sat down at this restaurant today (my girlfriend and I had previously took out and had a very good experience with it), not only is the decor beautiful, the food is also delicious! The owner was really friendly to all customers. Service was great, my water was never half empty. They just started the Szechuan style menu not too long ago (with spicy level from 1 to 5, 3 was already pretty spicy to me)... definitely recommend it. The owner brought the Chef from a very famous Szechuan restaurant in Flushing, New York. He has for sure lift the standard of Szechuan cuisine to the next level in Philadelphia! 
Great place to dine, casual or formal. At first, we thought it will be very pricy because of the interior and the quality of food,but it turned out to be very reasonable! So far we had 7 different dishes in these 2 visits, and everything is great... can't wait to try the rest of the menu!!!Amazing food, ambience and service. Staff very knowledgable about the menu and offered suggestions that were right on point. Food not your typical Chinese that you find everywhere, but seemed unique and authentic. Prices good for what you get-big portions and gourmet food. Ambience-low romantic lighting, not too loud but not quiet either, nice interior, diverse clientele.Though I haven't been in to the restaurant, I have had the delivery a few times.  Best pad thai I have had in a long time.  Very quick delivery.  The only thing I have noticed is if you're looking for spicy, I don't know if you're going to find it here.  I have a pretty low tolerance for spice, but I have very little problems eating their spiciest (level 5).I've typically ended up in Chinatown whenever I eat Chinese food in Philly, so I was interested to venture outside of that part of town and see how dinner would turn out at Jane G's (and praying that it wouldn't be too spicy). The space itself is very nice, with a decent bar out front and plenty of table seating on the main part of the floor, as well as a small elevated area in the back, which is where we ended up. Although we had to switch seats after getting settled (a large group followed us in), we still were quite comfortable in a booth, and the service was very fast - we had all of our food in front of us within 15 minutes of ordering. The drinks menu was a bit subdued, but I appreciated the Weyerbacher Belgian-style tripel on the menu that helped keep me cool while I was chowing down on food hot off the stove.
Even though the food here is definitely Szechuan-based, the only dish that gave me the slow, radiating sweats was the chopped fish topped in chili sauce (and sprinkled liberally with chili pepper flakes). That said, it wasn't as raw and intense as other versions I have had (namely, the kind that seem to invert the taste of anything that isn't spicy), and you could really enjoy the depth to which the fish had been imbued with chili. The chili oil wontons weren't quite as hot, and they were just as good as the kind at my favorite dumpling shop in NYC (although the skins at Jane G's were a tad thicker). The noodles were also excellent; I don't think we had the Dan Dan noodles, as there were more veggies in ours, but I really enjoyed the sauce - a little spicy, but surprisingly also a little sweet.
Although I did sweat it out when eating the fish, I really enjoyed all of the food here. It's hearty but not too spicy, and you get a load of food for your money's worth. I'm not a huge purveyor of Szechuan given the heat levels, but I'd definitely come back and visit again next time I am in town.Very tasty Szechuan cuisine. Can't get enough of the beef dry pot. Upscale decor and ambience. Wish I could go more often for lunch as the specials are a great deal.I have been JANE G'S twice. JANE G'S ambiance is fancy, the food is great. The waiters are really nice. I strongly recommend itCame here for a friend's birthday lunch and wasn't impressed. Pricy, and nothing was overly great or impressive. The food was okay, but nothing that wow'd me and for the price, it didn't meet up.Food and service are excellent. The hot and sour shrimp soup is superb!! The Sichuan mango style Szechuan scallops dish is extremely tasty , with the chucks of mango , and peppers !!
I highly recommend Jane G's!!tofu and some spice food are 3.5-4 stars.
2 starts for non-spice noodle soup, it's just so so to okay. the noodle is overlooked , way too soft, beef is too hard, soup is okay.
service/place is worth of 4 starts.A relatively new restaurant that serves wonderfully prepared food that is Chinese in origin; this is not a Chinese restaurant. Taking the waiter's recommendations we ordered an appetizer, vegetable, and both a special rice and fish dish. Three of us shared and there was food to take home. The wait staff was attentive and pleasant, and the owner's son stopped by to check on our experience. The music was American and upbeat and the full bar looked like a great place to come on a weekend evening. We'll be back!I am updating this review since I recently came here after a while.
The food is still very good and in large portions, I do think it is a bit overpriced though, especially for lunch.
Great place to come for happy hour!  They have awesome drinks and really good deals on happy hour food as well!
Definitely come with others to share and I love how you can choose your spice level.Always solid delicious szechuan cuisine. I'm planning on eating my way through the menu. Annnnnd im not even kidding. The black bean chicken, dan dan noodles, wonton in chili oil and string beans have been my boyfriend and my stand by order for MONTHS, but we are getting brave enough to venture out and have yet to be disappointed. I get carry out at least monthly and its always superb. Dining in the food comes out SO QUICK. I'd say this place is comparable  to Han dynasty (if not better). I just hit up whichever i'm closer to! :)
economical, generous portions, customizably spicy. Love love love.Unique enough to enjoy during Sips... they will give your tastebuds a rideSurprisingly good for Chinese food in center city. It is a little pricey but if you get more starters and less of the pricey entrees, you can come out to less than 25 pp. their clay pot with seafood actually tasted delicious and their pork belly appetizer was decent as well. Overall good service too! We'd come back to try the ayce hot pot next time too.I'm so glad there is a good asian/chinese/szechuan place within blocks from the office I work at and the hotel I'm staying at in Center City (when chinatown is just too far of an option). A bit higher on the price scale of an asian place, food here is actually pretty good; environment/decor is modernly chinese and comfortable.
Appetizers: We tried different dumplings and they were decent. there isn't much meat inside, it's mostly the skin but the chili oil is awesome! Edamame is basic. Scallion pancake is good and crispy. The seafood tofu soup is actually pretty good and soothing. Had a lot of seafood/tofu inside.
Entrees: I've tried the spicy seafood fried rice, dry pot stir fry with shrimp, and the kung pao scallop stir fry. All were very flavorful and with good portions. They are serious with their spiciness. I am usually above average on spice, but a 3 was good enough for me. Props to you 5 people!
Service is mostly really great- friendly and attentive, but one time, during lunch, they forgot stuff or gave the wrong order taking out.Absolutley love this place! Have been there twice for dinner and have enjoyed everything we've eaten there. The decor is great, very comfortable feel there, liked the layout and the modern, upscale touches.
They had a beet soup which was awesome, think that was their 'soup of the day' ,
Rock shrimp appetizer lived up to all of the reviews I read on this site.
Dumpling Sampler was excellent as well - especially with the dipping sauces.
General Tso's chicken was excellent - perfectly seasoned and cooked.
Crabmeat fried rice was excellent  and a very generous portion of lump crabmeat. 
Shrimp Mei Fun was unbelivebly delicious - loved that dish.
Everyone should try this place, the food is really wonderful! 
(have to admit I'm a bit biased. NOODLE HEAVEN was one of my favorite Asian restaurants when it was on Broad st.)It's all right.  Really expensive for what amounts to standard Chinese takeout.  But, if you want to have a nice, sleek sit-down experience with cocktails and bar to accompany your standard Chinese food, this is probably your best bet.  I'd rather go to Chinatown.One of my favorites.  The Kung Pao Fish is amazing... but then again, everything i've tried is really good.  Guess that's why it's one of my favorites. 
Quality food, great service, great atmosphere... 2 thumbs up and 5 stars from me.Incredibly affordable and super delicious. Loved everything they served and the waiters were too cool. Loved their chili oil in general. I had their garlic chicken, pad thai (not szechuan but great), dumplings in chili oil -- divine, and tendons in chili oil!!!! Would totally go again.I've only been here for the unlimited hot pot for $30. It's actually quite a good system in that they give you a sheet of paper to mark what you want and then they come back and take it - give you your food and you cook it yourself. what sets this place apart from others is the fact that the spicy broth really really is spicy and delicious! they take their hot pot seriously. They also have a wide variety of chinese meats and organs that few places have. Honestly, this is one of the best hot pot places in philly IMO but for $30pp, it's a bit expensive. One can do this at home but you can't buy their broth. Sad day.I found the food at this establishment to be a little bland. I ordered a non-spicy beef dish (under salted & no other spices) & my gf ordered a spicy Sichuan dish .  Hers lacked flavor as well and was over-poweringly spicy.  Overall not bad, but I'd suck it up and Uber over to Chinatown in the future.GREAT PLACE TO EAT and they deliver. I usually have the food deliveried and the delivery man is also very nice. Usually takes 30-45 mins for delivery but somethings (25% of the time) it was like 15-20 mins. How do they do that?!?!! Love the mapo tofu here. Can be a bit expensive, but hey, i still get it once a week.Okay, just went here with my mom for dinner and it was even better than last time! We split the hot and sour soup, which is definitely the best in the city. It's flavorful and very spicy, and the seafood adds a little something different than your typical Chinese restaurant. We also ordered the black bean Sichuan (level 2 spicy) stir fry with shrimp. We asked them to add peanuts to the stir fry which made it even better. The sauce was flavorful and veggies were cooked just enough. This will absolutely be my go-to order for the future.We five people had hot pot here, but they just gave us one hot pot. 
In fact, my friends went to this one a lot of times. It is the first time we are requested to pay extra $10 for another hot pot. Excuse me? We have five people! 
At last, they let us pay credit card tips much more than 20%Went for a birthday dinner of about 15 people. Wait time was surprisingly not long and we were done eating and out of there pretty quick. 
Food was delicious. I would say the spice level here is higher than other chinese restaurants. I love spicy food so it was good for me. But for some, it was a bit too spicy. We ordered family style with a bunch of dishes. 
Dandan noodles was good. Better than Han Dynasty imo, but not as good as Chili Szechuan's . It was spicier. 
The sizzling shrimp dish was delicious. The marinate on the shrimp matched well with the dish. It was a bit spicy as well since cayenne peppers were used. 
Double cooked chicken was flavorful and delicious. A dish to definitely get. 
There were some other dishes we got, however, I forgot the name of them, but in my opinion, all of the dishes were good and couldn't go wrong. Just remember to get alot of rice to offset the spiciness. 
It was someone's birthday, and they were nice enough to put a sparkler on top of ice cream for the birthday girl. 
Service here is very good and would come here again for both the food and the service.Perfect spot to have a comforting meal on a cold winter day..I have been there twice already..their sichuan style entrees are a must try..I would recommend the dry pot and dry pepper style.. I have tried these with both shrimp and tofu and with a spice rating of 3/5..yum!! Next time I am trying the hot pot style..It's been a year since I last went, but I've been meaning to write this. I'm a huge fan of General Tso's chicken--it's my default, go-to dish, and I've ordered it an embarrassing number of times from a wide selection of restaurants. Jane G's was by far the BEST I've ever had! If you like this dish, you absolutely have to get it here!Tasteless and bland wonton soup. No bok choy, cabbage or roast pork pieces. Mushy skins and tasteless filling. 
Very disappointed.A loyal customer for quite some time. Authentic Sichuan food. But today am disappointed. Ordered lunch special wonton soup ginger and scallion fish filet. Picked it up in close to 100 degree weather and found out when I returned to office no rice was packed. A careless mistake which happens to everybody. But no rice for a lunch takeout from a Chinese Restaurant is illegal and should not be allowed - an unnecessary overlook could have been avoided w minimal efforts.Got a hankering for Chinese food? Do yourself a favor and visit Jane Gs.  This was recommended to us by a friend who described it as "Han Dynasty BUT even better."  The reviews don't lie, my friends - it is indeed true!
Very friendly, helpful staff and QUICK QUICK QUICK service.  Seriously- you can just think about what you want and it's almost like the chef and his staff just know and have it ready for you almost instantaneously.  Let's be real - Who doesn't want a heaping bowl of noodles in their face  within seconds?! 
So, food!!  Dan Dan noodles are even spicier and even more full of flavor- can you imagine?! 
Salt and pepper squid is suuuuuper fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Nix the sweet chili sauce and opt to dip each bite into the chili oil instead (ask for it in advance - you'll love it) - it's magical!
Chili oil dumplings are good but the sauce here is mixed and on the sweeter side - the kick of the chili oil definitely creeps up on you though and it's every bit of wonderful.  
You can't really go wrong with any of the entrees - the sauces are too good! 
VERY IMPORTANT TIP: order a gin and tonic from Khoa at the bar - no lie, he makes the most perfect gin and tonics EVER.  Trust me, you'll be about six glasses deep without even realizing it :) Thank me later!The food is great, but why, why, why doesn't the waitress write down the order? Ours was wrong, waited for food, ruined the experience. We won't think any less of you, I promise. Write the order down!!!Hey man. They food is pretty tight. The dumplings eat up real good and they noodles is tighter than tight. Even the tap water is good.A disclaimer, you guys this is a 4 and 2 star review for two different visits, but I'm incorrigibly lazy so we'll do it together and call it a 3 star. 
Okay, now this part is AN IMPORTANT PSA. DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT GO FOR THE "TASTING MENU." 
Jane G's has legitimate, competently executed Sichuan fare. They have hot pot, intestines, pork blood, and they bring the spices in aces. Our first visit was easily a 4 star visit and indeed made me a fan. Pork belly was tender, thinly shaved, with a mouthwatering garlic ginger sauce that had spice and a little sweet to tamper. Everything in our "Adventure's Stew" (毛血旺) was cooked to the correct texture and had taken on magnificent flavor from the broth that enclosed it. Dry pepper shrimps were cleaned, good sized shrimps, not overcooked and the numbing spices were on point. We had some beautifully complex, strong and vibrant cocktails. The cocktails were their leg up over other great Sichuan joints in Chinatown.
So, I've been made a fan of this place. Sunday I made a 11:30 reservation. We arrive, sign on the door clearly says open at noon. No matter, the boy and I go wondering around and venture into El Rey for a cold one. 
Back at Jane G's, the boy sees the tasting menu option and immediately wants to go for it. I'm a little hesitant about how that would play out. He's feeling pretty confident so we settle on the tasting menu with beer pairing. Our waiter is clearly confused by the choice, and 'uh-ohs' sound in my head. He goes away and comes back and asks us what kind of beer we want. UH OH. I really want to change my mind at this point and go back to ordering a la carte but I'm too sheepish. So we say "whatever beer you guys give us," because isn't that how a tasting and pairing should go?!
What happened next was we got Yuengling (changed to Lagunitas when they kicked the keg), edamame (what?), gyozas, spring rolls, shrimp and pork stir fry noodles (kind of like yakisoba), probably teriyaki chicken (maybe a cloyingly sweet rendition of three cups, hard to say), black bean shrimp and sautéed green beans. They brought out the edamame, gyozas and spring rolls first. There was a lull for a while, then we saw green beans with bowl of white rice each. Then the last three "entrees" came at once, and the waiter said "okay this is your everything". But at the end they gave us coconut and green tea ice cream.
So for $40/pp plus $15/pp beer "pairing", we got some Chinese American takeout, and technically bottomless beer though in no way a real pairing. The cost is nothing to cry about, but the value proposition is not there. We could have had delivery Chinese of similar caliber for a fraction of the price and never even have to leave our front door. There was no experience to speak of either as far as a "tasting" goes. We were unceremoniously served multiple plates of mediocre food at once. It felt like a takeout setup excepting we were in the restaurant and not on our couch. After our edamame and fried appetizers were cleared away, we looked around to see two different sets of patrons enjoying hotpot, and we felt the sting of having made the absolute wrong decision.Discovered this place for delivery on yelp. Pretty good chinese food in center city. Tried the dry pepper chicken and dry pot style. I'm a huge Han dynasty fan and this is the next best thing! I'm not a tofu fan and so I hated the tofu here-I found it to be especially bitter. Overall, good food and VERY spicyLove it! Can't get enough! It's never to SPICY for me but they have 5 different levels so anyone can enjoy Szechuan!
 (AKA Sichuan cuisine, or Szechwan cuisine) is a style of Chinese cuisine originating from Sichuan province in southwestern China.
Happy Szechuan eating!Not my fave. I ask for just noodles for my daughter. I said please charge me full price for an entree if you must, I just want plain noodles. They said no. This is the most un accommodating service industry business I have ever come across. there are also cleanliness issues that prevent me from ever going back. 
The food is decent though. Better than typical Americanized Chinese.I went here on Sunday evening for dinner and was surprised how authentic the food was, given how trendy the place appeared.  (My initial expectation was that it would be more "fusion/modern").  That being said, the decor is very nice and comfortable.  The service was excellent, and the owner also stopped by to chat with us, like many other reviewers have mentioned.  As a testament to how authentic and tasty the food was, almost every group that was dining there at the time was Asian.  
We ordered the dan dan noodles, pork intestine noodle soup, and the fish and tofu clay pot.  
- The dan dan noodles were okay, not that great, especially when you compare to Han Dynasty's dan dan noodles. 
- However.  Everything else we had was _very_ good.  If you like Szechuan, the pork intestine noodle soup was delicious-- full of flavor, not crazy spicy, just delicious and a GREAT deal at $11 (it's a huge bowl).  Despite the dan dan noodles, I would readily order any other Szechuan/spicy dish based on this one.
- The fish and tofu clay pot was not spicy, but exactly what I was in the mood for, which was simple but flavorful.  And it was LOADED with fish and tofu-- they did not skip.  At first I thought it was a bit pricy at $17, but now that I've been literally eating it for 3 days and counting, it's a darn good deal for the size.
I fully intend to be here often.  My recommendations are: Szechuan dishes and more Asian dishes.  It sounds like some of the more "americanized" dishes (trying not to sound pretentious or anything!) were not that good from what the other reviews say.  I am hoping to try the spicy beef noodle soup and mustard greens and flounder soup next.  Several tables nearby ordered the crispy whole fish with sweet and sour sauce, which looked really good too.Definitely a fan of Jane G's. I went here on a hot summer night over the 4th of July weekend.  It was fairly crowded and a lot of Asians in the restaurant - which is always a good sign.  
We ordered the truffle edamame dumplings and cold sesame noodles - both well seasoned and delicious.  For my main entree, I went with the kung-pau chicken which was spicy and tasty.  You can rate your food on level of spiciness 1 thru 5.  I cannot imagine how I would have handled anything higher than a 2.  My boyfriend got the dry pepper shrimp which was gorgeous on the plate and came with practically 3 dozen hot peppers which were grilled and really hot!  You didn't eat them, they were just there for flavor and the look.  The waiter helped us with ordering because the menu is quite big.
Without a doubt, I would go back for my next Szechuan craving.
My only negative comment was that half-way through our meal, the entire kitchen staff came out to eat their own dinner.  They were clearly line cooks in their white aprons shoveling food into their mouth at the back bar.  Working in restaurants for years, this was a bit off-putting and certainly frowned upon in most food establishments, but might just be a cultural thing.My parents are from Szechuan, my husband is a Chinese food snob, and I love a good ambience. We were excited to try out the many Chinese restaurants since moving to Philadelphia. After exploring each Asian establishment in town - from University to Old City, Jane G's is our stand-out favorite again and again. We go there after work, when family/friends come to town, when we need a happening happy hour hot spot, or when we just need a delicious taste of home away from home. This place offers an amazing blend of authentic Chinese food spiced from 1-5 (I'd recommend staying 3 or below for the sane) furnished with classy upscale modern decor. 
My Szechuan ancestors and I give Jane G's 2 spicy thumbs up.My boyfriend and I had ordered takeout from Jane G's, and to be honest it was sub par. Everything was fairly bad and I was reluctant to have dinner in the restaurant.
That being said, dinner was not what I had expected. We had the shrimp and leek dumplings, the cold sesame noodles, and the honey walnut shrimp. Everything was pretty good, especially the noodles. Nothing knocked me away, but definitely upped my opinion since our takeout experience.
I'd go back, but I'm not running.Such a great authentic Chinese restaurant!!! I'm really loving this place. Definitely need to come back with friends!!!!Their dan dan noodles are the best (yes better than han dynasty). Very good chinese food. A little bit pricey for the main but you get what you pay for (unless you feel like going to chinatown!).Just okay. The food quality was good but incredibly overpriced. And I mean incredibly!Me and my boyfriend always come eat here or order take out since we live a block away.  It's our favorite go to place.  The quality of the food is amazing,  Chinatown food is cheaper but the quality here is worth the price. We used to prefer tale out like 2-3 times a week.  
We love the double cook chicken and chili wonton.  Their fish on chili sauce is delicious,  we usually order spicy level 3, which gives you the right amount of spice. I love this place.Hands down, the best I ever had. The wontons in chili oil were killer!!! We had the General Tso Chicken and Mongolian Beef as well. Both incredible.Wandered in here for lunch today and wow! My boyfriend and ordered 2 lunch specials with wonton soup, garlic chicken, and Kung Pao chicken. Everything was phenomenal! Will definitely be returning soon.It's a little bit pricier compared to the restaurants in Chinatown but by no means overpriced at all. Now I'm not normally a three cup chicken person but this one's just so good. They also have nice portions, def a need-to-try for everyone (I got full with just the three cup chicken and half bowl of riceMy son and I walked into Jane G's, not knowing anything about the place. We ended up here because we found street parking nearby. I was surprised at how great it was! From the initial warm greeting at the door to the multiple greetings after we were seated, we felt so welcomed. The owner also stopped by to see how we were doing. The restaurant is spacious and beautiful. I don't eat really spicy food so I was concerned about it being a Szechuan restaurant but was willing to try it and I am so glad I did! The food was delicious!!! Definitely NOT your average Chinese food. Food here is on a higher level of subtle, wonderful flavors. Started with the house salad which was simple and delicious then we ordered the Crispy Duck and the Fish filet with Tofu & Napa Cabbage in Clay Pot. The duck was good but the fish was really amazing. Delicate and beautifully seasoned. I want to return for this dish alone! Service was prompt and attentive. Lots of young asian types dining. A really great dining experience! Much better than PF Chang's.My hubby and I had dinner here today, we ordered hot pot and sliced beef and ox tongue in chill sauce, but they only bring me hot pot stuff, totally forgot about my sliced beef and ox tongue -_-# for hot pot, they forgot my enoki mushrooms too.....oops why don't you double check the order before you bring food to table, I was expecting maybe they will check with us but they don't! Anyway I like the spicy soup base here, it's really spicy......Worst service I have had in a long time. You would think a restaurant downtown would have employees who would act more proper and provide some service. I came here with my girlfriend for dinner because we have been trying different Szechuan restaurants. As we entered the hostess was on her phone slouching over the counter and told us to wait a moment. When she finally gets off her phone she grabs two menus walks to a table not telling us to follow her and just dumps the menus on the table and walks away. Now attempting to salvage the night we forget about it. The waiter who came to serve our table only came to take our order and deliver the food. We were there for 1 and a half hour. I couldn't even get a refill on a glass of water. The restaurant was not busy since it was a Sunday night so I don't understand the lack of service we received. To top it off when we finished we had to wait 20 minutes before I was able to get a waiter to come give us the  check. The thing that really annoyed me was one of the waiter looked at me while he walked by and just quickly walked away.
Now on to the food. The food was actually pretty good. We had the dan dan noodles, dry pepper chicken, and pad thai. We ordered the dan dan noodles because of the yelp reviews and I will have to agree it was a good dish. The sauce had a peanut taste with a slight spice to it which actually went pretty well together. The dry pepper chicken is what we came to try. After trying it, I have to say I was a bit disappointed in the spice level because we got a 4 (out of 5) and it wasn't what we hoped it would be. We have tried several places for this including Spice28 and Han Dynasty. Han Dynasty seems to have more flavor and spice to it. The pad thai was just that, pad thai. Overall I thought the food was pretty decent, however, given the service we received it had entirely ruined our experience.I loveeeeeee this place! I've been here several times and for restaurant week last year and each time I have not been disappointed. The food is amazing not to mention the generous portion sizes. The place itself is very trendy and I love sitting outside in the summer.The waiter was bland.  The food was incredibly over-salted and bland.  The Dan Dan noodles were good.  Maybe, I'll try a hot pot in the future (appears to be the most popular dish).  I used to really like it here:(.  Oh wellOne of the best Chinese restaurants in the city. Not quite at Han's level IMO, but still very good.
Pickled garlic cucumbers- Amazing
Garlic soy pork belly- Most disappointing thing I've had. The pork had sort of a gross gamey taste. Sauce was very good, but not a good dish.
Dan Dan- Really good. Could be a little more generous with the pork.
Wontons and dumplings in chili oil- Both very good
Braised beef noodle soup- Really good. A touch on the salty side. They raised the price another dollar. $10 is a bit ridiculous, but at least it's good.
Wonton soup- Good, but a little bland. Generous with the wontons though.
Dry pepper chicken- My absolute favorite. If you're not accustomed to spicy food, ask for fewer peppers as they load the dish up with them.
General tso's chicken- Very good, and much lighter than the general tso's at most other places. A little expensive though.
Orange beef- Really good, but really expensive at $22.
Tea smoked duck- Not very good and very little meat, especially for how much it is.Highly recommended. This was our (my wife and I) third time dining at Jane G's. Like the last couple of times, we really enjoyed our dining experience at the restaurant. We went with my parents and other family members this time. It was their first time. They also loved the place. We were not big fan of spicy food, but Jane G's still managed to impress us with their authentic Szechuan dishes. If you are there, you have to try Crispy Whole Fish (sweet and sour), Adventurer's pork stew, and the Crispy Half Duck to name a few.  We will definitely go back for more!
TimThe place is noisy and the food stinks.  Nuff said.Be well prepared to wait here. They will absolutely not seat you at a larger table if you're a party of two. Instead they'll say the tables are reserved. Which is a plain and simple lie since while we were here for an hour none of those tables were used. 
Poor way to do business. But great food. Cumin beef is kinda gross. Everything else rules. 
Apart from poor management this place is OK.Not too sure what to even make of this place.  The already changed their menu and they haven't been open that long.
They went with a "Szechuan" theme.  Let me guess, you saw how great Han Dynasty was and wanted to duplicate.  Well, besides the decor, you have not done that cuisine justice.
There is a pretentious feel as soon as you walk in and the wait staff seems clueless.  Nobody knew what to do when they tried to sit us.  Mind you, there were about 15-20 open tables and they all looked clean...what was the hold up?
The Honey Walnut Shrimp was pretty good, but other than that, everything else was mediocre at best.  The "Szechuan" food was awful.  How dare you try to replicate Dan Dan noodles!!!!!  They were nothing compared to Han's!
EVERYONE...do yourself a favor and go elsewhere for "Szechuan" food.I was dying from the spicy heat. But it was def good. and it made it seem "real". It's hard to find actual spicy food but Jane G will teach you a lesson and show you what real true spiciness means. We got 3 things and the entrees were a spicy level of 3 (range: 1-5) and it was so hot. I'm pretty good spicy food but I was sweating like crazy. 
App: Garlic soy pork belly. It's a cold dish and I thot it'd be weird but the  fatty pork belly was not salty at all and not that sweet. The portion looks small but is not. I shared it w 2 hungry guyfriends and it was a good amount. 
Entree:
Chef xue's Perfume style fish - it's actually a huge hot pot of stew-like dish with thick pieces of fish that actually make you wonder if the waitress got the meat order right. yes, if you order fish, it will look like chicken but it's fish. The hot and spicy soup will 'soothe' you down . The bean sprouts and  glass noodles make a good combo with the fish and I recommend it!
Dry Pepper - got it with chicken. It's crispy popcorn chicken-like pieces with lots of crispy red peppers. The red peppers look extremely hot but I think the chicken was actually hotter than these peppers. This entree (spicy level3) is what killed me from sweating this day. It made me drink 3 cups of water. The crispiness is addicting. I kept on 'snacking ' on the chicken even tho i was about to explode from being full and dying from the hotness.
This new place has a nice fancy romantic interior design and is good to go with friends, families, for dating , special dinner. The price is average center city prices. They may seem expensive but the portions are huge as well. I will come back!Excellent , been twice for lunch both times very good.. I've determined spice level 3 is just right. Price it's reasonable for great good.The food is good. But the service is terrible, which is the worst I have ever experienced since I came to US for five years. We went there yesterday, the waitress came to our table with no greeting and no smile. What's worse was when we started ordering, she did not take notes. We asked her," can you remember, she said yes". We said, " are you sure". She said, " no problem". What happened was she missed two dishes we ordered. Later after we finished everything on the table, we called her, we said we are still waiting for another two, she said no, that's all you ordered. She acted like she knew better what we ordered than we did. During the whole meal, she appeared merely two times, the first was to take orders and second was to give us bill. During the whole time, she never checked if everything was to our liking or did we need anything. Finally, they just took 20% of our bill as tips. What a good restaurant!!!! Totally ripped us off. I would not go there again. If I have to go someday in the future, if they provide such service, I will call their owner and tell the owner," you should be ashamed of the service here".We came here for restaurant week and I highly recommend it! Even though I'm vegetarian, they had plenty of options. I wouldn't say their Dan Dan noodles are as spicy or as good as Hahn Dynasty, however, they must be pretty good because now I find myself craving them! We also had the Brussels sprouts which were delicious. I think next time though we will try one of the hotpots. There were a number of diners not there for restaurant week that were eating those and it looked interesting. The service was fine but the place is very large for being in the city and ambiance was very nice.Went there with a large group and we shared a bunch of appetizers. Everything was great especially the roti canai and the rock shrimp. Nice service in a nice atmosphere at a great price. Check out their happy hour. I will definitely be going back!I've been here a few times.  I really like this place.  The food hasn't let me down either.Love Jane G's dandan noodle, kung pao chicken, and double cooked pork! Nice ambience and large portion of food make this place friendly for family style meals.Great food. But saw four cockroaches right by where we were seated. Pointed out politely to a couple of staff (restaurant was full) but they failed to do anything. My skin started crawling so asked to pack food up and left. Was there for restaurant week. Hoped to hear from management after raising this issue to the hostess and one of our server. But nothing. Left a generous tip for the good tasting food nevertheless.The worst Sichuan food I've ever had in my life. I'm from Sichuan, and I've had numerous experiences of Sichuan restaurant in US, but this one, absolutely wins the top one unsavory Sichuan food on my list. I ordered chili oil wonton, Spicy fish with peppers and Sichuan style chicken, they are not spicy, sweet, insipid and taste all similar. One star is for the service which is ok.Had an excellent meal this past Saturday, I enjoyed the Shrimp and Walnuts and my friend liked the Peking Duck. The service was a bit sluggish, but overall friendly.Jane G's is really good. The food is very flavorful and balanced. The Dan Dan noodles was one of the best I've ever had. The staff was nice and the atmosphere is wonderful.  Our server was Gan and he offered superb customer service.  I would definitely recommend you to try this place out.we get the same entrees every time we go to Jane G's and are never disappointed. first time there? pick a version of the crispy rice and you'll never want anything else. just tonight when we looked around and saw other parties enjoying clay pots and hot pots full of deliciousness did we start talking about deviating from our usual selections and bringing a group with us next time. if you are looking for a high end meal, in a modern atmosphere, with reasonable prices this is it and it will become your regular spot!Similar to Dan Dan or Han Dynasty in flavor and price. Jane G's Yummy for the most part with one dish that deviated.
The SO and I ordered from here when he was moving out. We got two appetizers and two entrees, which lasted us for two dinners and two lunches (the soft tofu fish fillets last forever). 
---Chili oil wontons: not good at all. There was way yoo much chili oil and the wonton filling was an oddly mushy pork that didn't taste like pork. There was also a sweet sauce on top which didn't mix well with the chili wontons
---dan dan noodles: good and very standard for dan dan noodles
---dry pepper chicken: crispy, spicy, and overall very flavorful
---soft tofu fish fillets: I can't remember the spice level I ordered, but it was EXTREMELY spicy. The tofu was silken and cut the spice well, and the fish was tender and soaked up the spice. The soybeans were a nice crunchy addition!Jane G's is probably my favorite Chinese restaurant in Center City. It's slightly pricey for Chinese food, or else I'd seriously make it my cafeteria.
This place is known for their spicy food - they call it their perfume series, essentially whatever meat or fish you choose in fragrant chili oil. They also have an array of other spicy dishes. I like spicy, but I can't take spicy, so I usually don't order these, or if I do, I request them to do extra mild.
There's a few items I usually like to get (which are nonspicy) : their dandan noodles (make sure to specify not too spicy, or else it will come super spicy, unless you like that of course), garlic snow pea leaves (yum!), fish and tofu pot. Those are probably my favorites.
The standard Chinese dishes are pretty tasty too, can't really go wrong. 
However, beware of the winter hotpot special. It's $35 per person, but comes to ~$45+ dollars per person after tip and tax (w/o drinks), and totally not worth it. Go to China town for hot pot, or do it yourself at home.Stopped by here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was nearly empty, but I had heard from many people the food was delicious.  Ordered the dan dan noodles, and the dumpling sampler.  As soon as the dumpling sampler was Place on the table, I noticed a hair on a piece.  I sent it back and they fixed the issue, but definitely put me off.  The dan dan noodles were fantastic.  The dumplings were good.  For main entrees we had the garlic eggplant and cumin rubbed chicken.  Both were fantastic!  The downsides to my experience was the so-so service, the hair in my dumpling, and the 5-6 bugs that were flying around our table. Otherwise this would have been a 4 to 5 star rating.  I would likely return but would probably order takeout.Nice location and good food. The Szechuan food is authentic and have a lot of choices on the menu. I tried Fu qi fei pian and dandan noodle. Both very delicious. The dry hot pot is okay. a little pricey thoughI have to say Jane G's Szechwan is very good, though I can't speak to the non-szechwan items. 
I particularly like their dan dan noodles and chicken with Long-hots. 
Also, I actually preferred their dumplings with chili oil to Han Dynasty's dumplings. They go lighter on the oil. 
The place has a cool atmosphere, though our waiter did get things mixed up more then once. He even gave us a dish we didn't order but insisted we did. But it was eventually taken off our check. 
I went with a party of 7 and everyone left happy with their meal.I placed a take out order of the snow peas leaves and veggie spring rolls. Delicious and fresh. I plan to go back and eat in this timeSpicy, refreshing Szechuan-inspired cuisine in a sleek, contemporary setting. The food is only slightly-above-average in terms of authenticity, but the experience is invigorating and satisfying nonetheless. It's a good place to come with a group, and talk over steamy bowls of rice, spicy-oil wontons, and hot pot. One of my favorites here is the cumin dry-rub (choice of pork, beef, chicken, or lamb), and the Szechuan hot pot looks awesome too -- although we didn't get to try it.
Jane G's is frequently compared to Han Dynasty, so I'd be amiss if I didn't do it too. The food is similar in style, although the portions (and correspondingly, prices) are slightly smaller (lower) at Jane G's, despite its Rittenhouse location. It's a welcome change on occasions when you feel like some spice without overeating into a coma. The food at Jane G's is perhaps a bit spicier and arrives faster on average, even during the dinner rush, and they have more diverse menu options, including more cold appetizers and entrees. With a large group, I'd probably prefer the University City Han Dynasty only because the tables are larger and roomier. On the whole though, they are comparable and I would heartily recommend them both!Jane's offers genuinely good, if somewhat Americanized, Szechuan food at an okay price. Given that the average American would run screaming in the other direction if confronted by the amount of hot pepper in real, authentic Szechuan cooking, it's probably just as well for everyone that they have toned it down a bit, but it makes me miss Chengdu all the more when I come here.
That said, there is only a single place I know of in the Philadelphia area that does it better than Jane's, and it's way out in the 'burbs, so if you're looking for high-end Szechuan in the city, this is your best option insofar as I know.
The food is good, service is pleasant and reasonably prompt, and the decor is moderately upscale, so it's probably worth a visit if you like Chinese and/or need to impress a date.I don't know why I don't come here more often. Everything at Jane G's is delicious. I live in grad hospital and work in center city, so Jane G's is in the perfect location. 
They have a great HH menu with apps like edamame, chili oil dumplings and brussel sprouts for $5 and beer/wine/cocktails between $3-$5. But the HH is only at the bar or outside. I came with my friend who's pregs so I wasn't going to push the HH  because what pregnant lady wants to watch her super not pregnant friend chug a bunch of cheap wine? She would have been okay with it, but we opted for a table. 
Wine was still relatively affordable ($10 for a sizable pour of Pinot noir). We split the spring rolls to start ($6) and for mains she got the chicken lo mein (very nice portion) and I got the honey walnut shrimp. My shrimp was out of this world. Perfect combo of sweet and savory with the tempura shrimp and broccoli covered in a sweet honey glaze. I could barely finish half so I took the rest home. 
Jane G's is definitely a great upscale Asian restaurant.Found this restaurant just by walking by. Very nice with live music. Warm night so sat outside. Food was delivered very quickly. We loved everything. Shared the dumpling sampler which was 8 dumplings. The chicken pad Thai was lemony with tiny pieces of chicken. We also shared sceczuan string beans with pork and crispy rice with shrimp. 
If I lived in Center City I would go to this place all the time. I also had a delicious beer...Framboise... Which was so outstanding I want to drink it for breakfast!
Cost was very reasonable. We spent $29 each plus tip for 1 appetizer, 3 entrees, 1 beer, 1 glass of wine and a soda.Took my mom there Saturday before Mother's day: her, dad, my sister and me. Wonderful experience! The food was fresh, hot, and tasty as could be. Service was the best any of us have experienced in ages. Here's to you Zack, and your quiet, efficient co-workers!  This is NOT Chinese takeout; forget everything you have ever eaten in a white paper carton and go to Jane G's for the real thing!. Try the dumpling sampler, the marinated and broiled Brussels sprouts, and the spicy marinated cucumbers. And don't forget the scallion pancakes!Beware! This place has ~4.5/5 stars online but it is actually NOT that great. I had food served at WHYY three weeks ago which was delicious. So I was so excited to take a friend and a few family members out to the restaurant. We ordered 5 dishes: dumpling samplers, pad Thai, Singapore noodles, cashew chicken, and spicy fish tofu. The best out of five was the cashew chicken which was just ok. The food tasted "incomplete." And I need to mention that many plates were chipped, which turned me off for such a restaurant. Anyway, I was really disappointed about the food although the service was fine. Jane G only deserves 3 stars. Please do not let the 4.5 stars fooling you. Try it out by yourself first before taking friends out there.Outstanding Asian (Chinese) cuisine outside of the usual confines of China Town. Definitely gives Han Dynasty a run for its money, and looking at the other reviews I am in good company when it comes to enjoying this place. A one room joint with plenty of tables and some street window seating. Decor is appropriate for the cuisine served. The bar just off dining area has about 11 seats, and nicely stocked. Plenty of bottled beers and 3 taps. As for the food, outstanding. I hate to bring up Han Dynasty again (which has a great rep), but Jane G is right up there on the same level. I had the vegetarian spring rolls, the dumplings in chili oil (heat at 4/5), and shrimp lo mein. Just freakin' delicious and I will return. There is a lunch menu for $12....definitely worth it. Prices are good as well! Bon Appetit to those that come across this yummy gem!!Great, great place for a sit down lunch.  $12 lunch special gets you soup and entree.  I had the won ton soup which was good but not great and the Kung Pao chicken which was terrific.  They allow you to choose the spice level from 1-5 which is a big plus to me. Highly Recommended.Szechuan-style Chinese in a sleek, contemporary lounge atmosphere. I went with a group, and everyone ordered something different and was happy with their food. I'm not hugely into spicy food so at a Szechuan restaurant my choices are a little more limited. That being said, one of my friends ordered the wontons in chili oil, and I tried one without burning my insides out. Actually it was totally delicious: I enjoyed the wonton more than my entree, which was the Singapore noodles (pretty good but not mind-blowing). The portions were huge and the prices reasonable and I'd be happy to go back if someone suggested it, though I'm not sure it would be one of my top choices in the Rittenhouse area.I went to lunch today with co-workers and ended up being very under whelmed. 
Our main course took over thirty minutes to come out and took flagging down three different people before we even got it. It then proceeded to come out two by two over the next 15 minutes. Our order had clearly been forgotten about.
When it did come out, the chicken appeared pink and under cooked. When we brought this to our waiters attention he proceeded to tell us it was cooked twice and he was an expert who had been in the business 15 years. Next he came back with two prices of raw chicken on a plate and tried to show us that the chicken was in fact cooked. BEYOND RUDE. 
Unfortunately the food was actually pretty good and the atmosphere was cool.饺子还不错BEST SZECHUAN IN PHILLY! Jane G's blows Han Dynasty out of the water. My first taste of Dan Dan noodles was from Han Dynasty and they were delicious. When I tried Jane G's, my mind was blown. The flavor, the spice, everything is delicious. I have tried their Kung Pao Chicken, General Tsao's Shrimp, and Dry Pepper Chicken, and all of these dishes were absolutely delectable. Very fast delivery to your door as well, especially considering there's only one of them in the city. (Pro-tip - ask to hold red peppers with your dishes, they add a lot of extra baggage to your plate and you don't end up eating them anyway) Been living here for about 3 months and have already ate there at least 10 times and will continue to do so!The best Chinese food we have ever eaten in Philadelphia. 
Te food was so delicious
As good as Shun Lee on the UWS of Manhattan. 
Impeccable service by Andy. 
Superb ambiance.
Our first visit there tonight will not be our last!!!!!Amazing food. Dan Dan noodles being the best. Gotta go here more often to explore the whole menu.Jane G: you seem like a great gal, but I'm not sold on you.
 I think you should try to be what you really are: a solid Szechuan restaurant with swanky interior, but don't try to show off by serving the same food as PF Chang's and calling it original.. Don't get me wrong, I like you enough to stop by from time to time, but not quite enough to commit. Thanks for the good times.Great, authentic food and fun atmosphere! I've been here several times and have been impressed with the quality of the food and speed of service. I spent a summer in Beijing, and have not found decent MaPo Tofu anywhere else in Philadelphia until trying here!
Most recently, I came here on Saturday for Hot Pot for my 23rd birthday party with local friends and some friends from out of town. The Hot Pot was tasty, with spicy and mild options and extensive choices ranging from spinach and chicken to duck blood and fish balls. Great time for everyone. A little pricy ($35 per person, but all you can eat), but great taste and lots of fun. 
For anyone who likes Brussel sprouts, the Soy Brussel Sprouts appetizer is a must try! Slightly crispy and with a savory marinade. The  Kung Pao Chicken is also good and reminds me of my time in Beijing, as does the MaPo Tofu (VERY spicy, but a must-get for anyone who loves spicy food). For drinks, the mangojito is delicious.
Overall, delicious food; I highly recommend!The food was amazing! Definitely some of the best Szechuan here in the city. The wonton soup broth is also the real deal!! Very special.
The service was nice and pleasant, but absent way too much - especially since it wasn't busy.
Update: they've had recent sanitation/L&I issues.Another lunch in town and this time at Jane G's. The bento lunches are a great deal and a lot of food. Started with the crab squares filled with the creamiest crabmeat mixture in the most buttery phyllo dough. My time spent eating this might account for the tepid temperature of the next two dishes. Temperature aside the Hunan lamb with peppers and onions was in a sweetish brown sauce and had a lot of taste. The happy garlic noodle shrimp was delectable and creamy. Odd thick noodles that almost seemed four sided were surprisingly light and the perfect length for chop sticks. Interesting Chinese beers among the craft selections. Another pleasant dining experience.Have you ever had good Szechuan Cuisine? I mean really good, delicious and satisfying Szechuan Cuisine? If you haven't, you got to go and experience it at Jane G's. Every dish that we ordered (portions are shareable) was satisfying and delicious. From the Dumpling Sampler to the hot and spicy (and I mean spicy) Dan Dan Noodles, to the sweet honey glazed walnut shrimp, the very tender Braised Pork Shoulder, washing it all down with a glass of cold iced Lychee Soda, and finally rewarding your sweet tooth with Creme Brulee and Green Tea Ice Cream. The decor is tastefully decorated, and the ambiance is perfect for a romantic date. There is paid parking lot directly beside the restaurant.. The cost to have a meal here is on the mid to high side. But I tell you, I will happily shell out the cost to eat here, because the service, and quality of the food warrants it. You will not be disappointed!Jane G's used to be my FAVORITE restaurant in Philadelphia while I lived there temporarily for work. Literally everything I've had at this place has been nothing short of extremely delicious. My favorites - hot and sour soup, chili oil wontons, dry pot fish, dry pepper fish, spicy seafood fried rice and green long hot chicken. Every time I ate here, I always had a hard time deciding what to get since I had so many favorites. You can adjust the spice level per your palate, which makes it a great dinner place for everyone! They had a $12 lunch special that included a soup, an entree with steamed rice/fried rice. I thought this was a great deal for their superior quality of food. Huge portions too.
The food was perfect for my spicy palate, and it's not just about the spice itself but all dishes are loaded with just the right amount of flavor. The prices are on the higher end but completely worth it! The decor and vibe of Jane G's is also very grand/upscale, and not like a takeout chinese place. Makes for a great date night too! Oh and DO NOT MISS the lychee martini! If you think the food is too spicy, the martini will wash the spice right down.
The staff was always very friendly, and of all the 200 times I ate there, I never once had any complaints about the service. Next time I visit Philadelphia, I won't miss a chance to go back here!The wontons were fantastic. I ordered lo mein w/ out vegetables, but they came w/ veggies:( the philosophers chicken was good -service lacked due to not refilling drinks.I liked Jane G's. I know that they had struggled as a fusion place at the beginning, so I just assumed it wasn't that great. However, the place was pretty crowded when I was there. And the food was really nice for upscale Chinese. The prices were surprisingly low for what I expected from a place that looks that nice.So we went here for restaurant week and my table ended up getting the chef's tasting menu.  While I really liked the decor, I thought the food and wait staff was just so-so.  Maybe I need to have Chinese food with a real connoisseur, but for me, it was as good as I've had it anywhere.  And maybe because it was restaurant week, I was also underwhelmed by the wait staff.  My biggest complaint was that every time they brought out a new dish (and there were at least 10), they kind of just threw the plate on the table and didn't give much information on what we were eating.  Was it worth the money?  For restaurant week, yes.  Will I go here again?  Probably not.Met up with a friend while on a business trip in Philly.  She asked if we could get two things - the garlic soy pork belly and the seafood hot & sour soup.  Thinking that would not be enough since the pork belly was an appetizer, I also ordered the Beijing duck (Peking duck).
i don't really enjoy spicy foods in general, so I went in with some apprehension given that we were at a Sichuan restaurant.  Foods in this region are overwhelmingly spicy.  However, the spiciness at Jane G's was right on.  Instead of overwhelming the food by simply being spicy or hot, it added to the overall flavors.
Up first was the seafood hot & sour soup - my friend's favorite.  I like hot & sour soup in general and will have to say this ranks up there among my favorites!  Seafood was plentiful and the balance of flavor and spiciness was just right.  This was a common theme with each of our dishes.  Served in a large bowl, this could easily serve up to 4 people.
Next came the garlic soy pork belly.  Even though it is listed as an appetizer, it's a substantial portion!  Thankfully, no heat on this one allowing the pork belly to shine and blending nicely with the soy.
When the Beijing duck came out - I realized that we ordered way too much food for two people.  The skin was nice and crispy - I liked that they offered two options - Chinese bao and pancake (I prefer the pancake as it's less filling).  Even so, we couldn't finish the dish.
Suffice it to say, my friend got some great leftovers to munch on the following day.  I went away satisfied with a great meal and even more pleased that I got to catch up with a dear friend.
Services overall was good, if not speedy.My friends and I went to have hot pot buffet one day. The original price for each person was 35. But you over-charged everyone. We already paid the tips of 18%, marked "included tip", which was supposed to be about 45. But you charged over 53 for each person. Who authorized you to do that? Please check the amount before we going to credit card company.The anticipated opening of Jane G's was absolutely worth the wait. The atmosphere is welcoming as all employees greeted me for lunch like I owned the place. The menu has a portion for everyone with a different type of taste. I had lunch there and was greeted by the owner himself. I'll be coming here more often.Love this place. If you like Han Dynasty, come try Jane G's. Scallion pancakes on point. Sizzling platters also very good. Service is also fast. I live right around the corner and will have to come back again! (A lot of people were having the Szechuan Hot Pot which we didn't get but I'm intrigued by..maybe next time!)There's not much to write about this place. Solid, enjoyable Chinese food. Nice portions, fair prices, and great lunch specials.I only wish there were more stars to give this place. The waiters were attentive and my glass of water was always being filled--this is good, because I ordered the Chili Oil Dumplings, which I highly recommend! Plenty of seating in and outside, and the tables aren't crowded together like they are in some Center City restaurants. I also ordered the Brussels Sprouts, which were a nice surprise! The dishes were spicy, so if you aren't a fan of spice you may not enjoy, but if you like Szechuan style cooking you will love it. This is far above your neighborhood Chinese take-away yet not much more expensive for the quality of the food and the ambiance.
Also, I'm not sure what one of the Yelpers is saying about servers being curt with them. Our server was polite and the server next to us was happy to educate the women seated beside us about each dish. Maybe some people just need to be stingy with their ratings? Not me. Five stars all the way.I liked the deco of this place - Not the average Chinese restaurant deco. The place is clean, servers are friendly. I just ordered some appetizers go with my drinks, they are all tasty and flavorful beside the Sichuan bean noodle(I think this is what it's called). The drink "chengdu" is very good, I had 3, couldn't get enough. Somehow, the "tiger lily" tastes like dish cleaner or something, kinda weird. 
The only reason I'm taking one star off is because I don't think the dishes are truly authentic, although I do think they did a good job on food. I will go back again for sure.this is probably the most delicious Sichuan food I ate in the US. Chopped chili fish filet is highly recommended!A little bit sweeter then expected but still I consider it as authentic Szechuan food. Nice inner decorations and location. I recommend Pickled Beef泡椒牛.I dined on Wednesday, November 22 at 1 PM. 
Service (3/5): My wife and I walked in at while the hostess was assisting someone else. We were not immediately greeted however we were sat when the host concluded. Our server was good with suggestions and helped us navigate the menu. Our waters were consistently filled and the food was rushed out promptly. Service was good and efficient but could have used some more friendliness. Our server seemed to be preoccupied with ensuring the rest of the staff was doing something rather than taking the time to be friendly with guests (possibly the head server). 
Atmosphere (3/5): The dining area encourages large parties to share food family style. There are long rows of booths and chairs where two-tops can be easily converted into twenty-tops. There is a raised area in the corner for a large group that is probably coveted. The decorations are classic but avoid being tacky because they are sparse. The white chairs are comfortable to sit in. This would be a four out of five normally but in the men's room there were numerous bottles of cleaning supplies on the floor under the sink which was not appealing. 
Menu (2/5): The menu, even for lunch, is quite large and extensive and is densely laid out making it a little overwhelming and difficult to make a selection. The menu inserts did not make things any easier especially when I realized that my wife and I had different ones. 
Food (5/5): My wife and I shared the $28 three-course lunch special for two which includes a shared soup, shared app, and a choice of two entrees from a limited menu. The Wontons in Chicken Brooth was tasty but far from standing out. My wife is a huge fan of brussel sprouts and we both enjoyed  them a lot. I found the quartered pieces to be a burst of favor while my wife preferred the crispy outer leaves. We had the Twice Cooked Pork and the Flounder dish. The pork was thin sliced pieces that were tender with crispy edges served with scallions. The vegetable to scallion ratio was a bit high for my liking but it was still a great dish. I was not a fan of the Flounder but my wife did enjoy it. The portion sizes were generous and worth the money. 
Overall (3/5): Though the food and value of the meal was great the confusing menu, cleaning supplies out in the open, and the peculiar service were enough not to give this place four out of five. I would consider returning to this restaurant and hope to see improvements in service. There is potential for this place to be considered a favorite.Service was horrible. Me and my fiancé walked in to be seated, and was asked if we wanted to take a menu to go. After that we were seated, our waited took our order and never came back. Someone else finally brought our entrees out after a ridiculously long wait. No one ever brought us our first course (vegetable tofu soup). We had to ask for the soup. While my fiance was eating his soup, he discovered a bug in it (pictures included). This was brought to the attention of the manager on duty. Who apologized and said "It's a veggie bug." We left and went to Dan Dan instead. Horrible service and we will never come back to this restaurant again. Please check out the photos.Excellent service and delicious food. Ordered the Cumin rubbed lamb with white rice and Mei Fun with shrimp and chicken. Both dishes were great. The lamb was full of flavor. We arrived shortly before rhe kitchen closed and still received hot fresh food and polite waitstaff. Our waiter gave us no trouble when I asked to add broccoli to my dish. They began cleaning the dining room and let us know that they would be putting up a privacy curtain for our table so that we could continue enjoying our dinner! Really great experience.I have been pretty high on Jane G's for awhile.  But my true qualm with the place is a big one-- inconsistency.  Not just inconsistency day to day, but inconsistency from dish to dish in quality.  Some of their dishes are really cooked great and with care and precision. (Note: the flounder with mustard greens is SO good).   But then I've ordered the brussel sprouts and they were just literally deep fried!  They were terrible, literally dripping in oil and not even cooked through.  Today I had scallion pancakes and they were exactly the same-- deep fried scallion pancakes.  Scallion pancakes should NOT be deep-fried.  It's just a totally lazy approach.  Okay it's not a special dish or anything, but even Han Dynasty makes a banging scallion pancake (ie: puts in some effort).  I worry about wasting my money (as I have done, twice now) while trying to eat new things through the menu.  If you put anything on your menu, you should feel good about selling it customers.  It just feels like Jane G's tries to pose as a high-end Chinese restaurant, and not actually being one fully.Favorite Sichuan restaurant by far, beats Han dynasty and most Sichuan restaurants even in NYC. Speaking as someone who grew up with Sichuan food, the food is truly authentic and I want to eat it everyday! Don't miss the hot pepper chicken which is basically Asian popcorn chicken and the mouth watering chicken. Get the hotpot in the winterDo your self a favor and get the double cooked pork and dry pepper chicken at a 4 spiciness! Food was amazing!I've eaten here a number of times for lunch and at this point have pretty much tried everything on the menu (except the Dan Dan noodles...see below).  Everything I've had has been very good and some things are really excellent.  Favorites include Philosopher's Chicken, Spicy Perfume Style Fish Filet, Cumin Dry Rub Lamb, Hot Sauce Beef and Triple Pepper Pork.  The brussels sprouts and wonton soup are both very good and a break from the heat.  Haven't tried the Dan Dan noodles so I can't say how compares to Han Dynasty.  Both restaurants are excellent in my opinion, but I would give Jane G's the edge due to a wider variety of favorites and consistency.  The servers here are all excellent and knowledgeable.  Can't wait to try the Hot Pot someday soon.Right in the heart of Center City -- very spacious with options of dining in for hot pot or normal dinner. As a proud Asian American, my parents were born in Hong Kong so my palate has been blessed to have sampled an array of food from East Asia -- szechuan included (四川菜). 
Compared to Dandan or Han Dynasty, the "ma la" spiciness as we call it in Chinese for sichuan food was a lot, lot less. My main qualm is if you're one who enjoys a challenge and full "ma la" experience, Jane G's might not be the place. The dishes were very flavorful, but tasted higher in sodium so I downed at least 2 cups of rice... not my typical intake! The prices were also slightly higher than other places in Center City. Overall, this place would be a great place for a large group and although I didn't try the hot pot this time, the veggies and meat looked very fresh from afar as I spied on local tables near us :) 
Fun fact: Level of intensity even at a 10/10 at Jane G's would've probably been a (-)10/10 in actual Sichuan province when I visited -- that's how spicy they eat it in Sichuan, something I could'nt handle.We had a birthday dinner here for one of my girlfriends and it was simply amazing. It was great service, atmosphere and most importantly the FOOD! The layout of the resistant was open and airy with tall ceilings that castes a elegance on the main dining area. The seats were very comfy and posh. Servers were tentative and got us what ever we needed including descriptions of all the wine they carry.
FOOD:  Since this was a celebration we had a little something of everything. We started off with a variety of Raw Oyster, which were absolutely as sweet as can be. They were so fresh and it was so tasty paired with the well thought out sauces that accompanied them. Following that was and order of the Mussels which were in a light coconut  sauce that brought out the freshness of the mussels. The Calamari was crispy and displayed nicely. We also had the Lamb which was cooked to perfection just the way we liked it. There was plenty to share among the 4 of us. The Beet Salad was my favorite. The beets were sliced thinly and placed delicately on the rims of a salad bowl with a center salad sprinkled in a light home made dressing. The combination blended so well it was like heaven. The Shrimp with Garlic noodles were tasty and not over baring. Last bu not least we had the Best dessert! I would highly recommend the Chocolate Brownie, so rich and melts in your mouth. The Lemon rice pudding was served in a crispy mini spring roll shell, it was tangy and sweet.
I'd def come again and again! I would say it is one of the best placed for an intimate dinner or a group of people out to celebrate a birthday. This restaurant was years in the making and it shows in how thoughtfully prepared all the food was.Came here for my birthday over the weekend! Food & drinks were AMAZINGGGG.. And I got ice cream on the house!Summary: Went here for lunch looking for more options for work.  Overall, the experience was very negative.  Staff was friendly, but service was the worst I've had in at least two years.  We tried a variety of dumplings, noodles, and entrees between three of us.  Of the appetizers 2 out of 7 were good, and 1 out of 2 entrees were worth eating.  They also delivered an extra item to the table then took it back after 5 minutes of being on the table.  They even messed up the table next to ours, delivered a full set of food and took the whole order back.  I won't be going back.  Read on for more details.
--- Details ---
For appetizers we ordered pork+leek dumplings, chicken dumplings, vegetable dumplings, dan dan noodles, pork in chili oil dumplings, hot and sour soup, and wonton soup.  Where to begin... Pork+leek and the chicken dumplings were the only good items out of the whole mix, slightly above average flavor and big.  The wonton broth was not far from being only water although the wontons themselves were at least average. The dan dan noodles felt like they've been cooked for hours--I tried a small portion and definitely would not eat another. The pork in chili oil dumplings were basic steamed dumplings with sauce on them--I can literally do that myself at home in 12 minutes or less.  The veggie dumplings were very uninspired and lacked any good flavor.
I ordered tea which came in a nice heavy metal pot but when I poured it looked like slightly rusty water.  I looked inside and it had 1 tea bag in the pot.  1.  One.  One teabag for an entire pot.  I asked for them to put in another bag and the server was reluctant but did finally agree to make it stronger.  I then waited for 5 minutes while it steeped (thanks server, I know how to wait for tea to steep) and it had the right color but still didn't taste very much like tea as the water had already become lukewarm.
For entrees, I ordered mapo tofu with white rice, and the kung pao shrimp with white rice.  The mapo tofu felt uninspired.  I saw no indication if there was pork or not in the dish, as I'm used to pork in my mapo tofu.  But the tofu was average.  Good and spicy, but the tofu was cooked about right and the flavor was so so.  The kung pao shrimp was good, only entree that we got that was worth getting.
The decor is nice, very clean, great lighting and open bay dining area.  Our server seemed nice enough, I was neutral about them, just seemed a little inexperienced.  They messed up the doggie bag boxing.  They gave everyone the wrong food.  We wanted to take it back to the office for others to taste to make sure I wasn't being crazy.
I definitely will not be returning.  I wanted to believe that something like good chinese or even something passable for dim sum could be had in the Rittenhouse area, but I was sorely mistaken with this choice.My first time here....stopped for lunch 
The pickled cucumber appetizer was delicious 
They made a veggie dish spicy pet my request.  It was great.   Veggies were nice and fresh with the right level of spices.   I will def be back!I typically go for happy hour. They have good drink specials and the food is decent. I typically order the dumplings but have tried the spicy beef noodle soup which was pretty good. The portion sizes are really big so come hungry.I am one of whom who had hot pot with a large group and was unreasonably charged twice. Actually I don't think it is a good idea to conclude a tip in the bill since it is the customer who should decide how much they want to give with regard to your service. Whats more is that it is so unprofessional for a good restaurant to make such a mistake... and we are really disappointed with that.I went here yesterday, the food and service were great. Only one thing, we ordered level 3 spicy, but the food was not as spicy as expected. We will order level 5 next time. 
After the satisfying dinner, I stupidly forgot my credit card there, and was freaked out this morning. I went back to the restaurant, and it is awesome that they found it and returned the card to me safe and sound.
Definitely will go back!Visited this place before and after it changed from fusion to authentic Chinese. Both times was good - a bit pricey for the quality but I would probably go back for the ambiance.Some of the food was good .. but we would never go back. Our waiter, Michael was a complete asscanoe. He took a very long time at all stages of the meal. We asked him for a refill on my Coke and didn't bring it (we eventually asked another waiter). He got part of my husband's order wrong. Another waiter brought us free wontons and free brussels sprouts for some reason, which was nice. My meal was good but my husband didn't like his. Michael kept serving and checking on the young ladies sitting next to us and then would walk away before we could get his attention.
When we got the bill, the total for the food came to $47.00 and tax was $3.94 .. and the grand total on the bill was $51.00. Now I know that's only six cents, but I've never seen a restaurant round UP before. It's ok, we just took it out of the tip, which was already low.First time here, came during my lunch break, my impression was; mediocre food - poor service. 
My standards for good service are seat me, take my order, give me my check, don't make me wait for too long. Mid meal, my waitress disappeared never to resurface again. Hey, I get that the lunch rush can be overwhelming. My issue was that the restaurant was half empty and with the waitress missing, no other staff were willing to help me with my check. I ended up going to the front counter asking if I could just pay, upon which they informed me I cannot pay at the front counter. 
All in all, I wouldn't recommend coming here for lunch if you have less than an hour to spare. While it is in a convenient location, the staff seem too caught up in the mechanics of their individual roles and should try focusing on overall customer experience.I'm a fanatic for Asian restaurants.
Unfortunately, I could not fully explore the menu due to temporary but extreme diet restrictions.
Sat at the bar with a friend who is a regular.
Bar staff was beyond pleasant and amiable.
We did take-out that was unbelievably fast. 
All I had was the wanton soup, but if it's a fair determinant of this restaurant's offerings, it is off-the-charts good.
Looking forward to eating here again and taking advantage of the menu next time I'm in town and not limited in my food choices.
I got the opportunity to visit without any limitations. 
It was a Friday night and the crowd was celebrating the weekend.
It was warm so we sat outside.
We had multiple appetizers and dishes.
I was not disappointed.
Cold sesame noodles were perfectly creamy with a hint of heat. Quite delicious!!
The salt and pepper squid was the best I've had anywhere, including NY and San Francisco. It wasn't enough to finish the protein, the vegetables were licked clean from the plate.
Pork n Leek dumplings were equally ideal, seemingly steamed with just enough crispness in the wrapper to confirm they were pan seared.
Shrimp and beef in spicy garlic sauce rounded it all out.
This is a top quality Chinese restaurant.
And, service was notably fast and polite.
Top ratings all around!Very good Chinese with a nice atmosphere. I will certainly be back for more!Yes, my friends, go. Especially if you are adventurous. Plenty of options and ways to customize your experience from spice levels to ingredients. Dan dan noodles, dumpling sampler, lo mein, cucumbers in chile sauce, Singapore mei fun, Kung pao shrimp, and dry pot fish were all very delicious. Delivery can be long, seated service is excellent, even with large parties. Wonderful experiences ahead.Came here for my Bachelorette pre-festivities dinner back in August.  Everything was great.  Service was amazing, and there was SO MUCH FOOD.  Probably too much food for around 15 females.  I overestimated how much we could eat, LOL.  However, that being said, if you are looking for a great place for a large group - definitely try it.  I am vegan and they were also very accommodating to me as well the night of and leading up to the night.  
It is very nice inside and would probably be good for a romantic date as well - we only had the family sized portions (which were huge) so I can't account for any individual dishes, but if they are as good as those - I would think they'd be great too. 
I couldn't eat a lot of it but everyone was raving about the food.  What I could eat was very yummy and came out hot.  
We paid a flat rate for unlimited beer/wine and food and it was very affordable.  Everyone was happy.  Would definitely come back!Excellent food. I suggest starting with the DanDan noodles, spicy peanut sauce on the noodles was outstanding. They even ask what level of spice youd like, I think that's awesome. The chili oil wontons were some of the best I've had. The crystal shrimp dumplings may not be the best I've had but still good. The dry oil chicken was very flavorful and a huge portion. Wish the wine selection was a little better, also we were seated on top of people... Kind of expected in a small city restaurant but still hurt the vibe of the evening. Servers are efficient but also give you your space and don't rush you, love that aspect. Will be back soon.Good service ,good price, food was very good , portions are average.
The decor is very modern food was served very fast
Convenient locationYummy food with unique cocktails. Dad Dan noodles and cumin tofu were my favorites. Very friendly service as well.BE AWARE!!! Don't let other reviews fool you into dining at this place!
If I can give a negative rating, this would be the place that would get it.
Although this place claims to serve Szechuan food, it really serves a VERY Americanized dishes that do not even come close to mirroring true Szechuan flavors.  Also, I don't recall pad thai being a Szechuan dish but yup, it's on the menu and shame on me for sticking around expecting good Szechuan dishes after seeing pad thai on the menu.  I love food in general so I wouldn't complain if it was tasty Americanized dishes but unfortunately all the dishes fail in all flavor aspect.
Two of us ordered 6 items off the menu for dinner consisting of the following: (1) pork and crab soup dumpling; (2) chicken dumpling; (3) pork chili oil dumplings; (4) eggplant garlic sauce; (5) hot and sour pork intestine noodle soup; and (6) mouth watering frog.  (Our adventurous side (attempting to mimic Anthony Bordain/Andrew Zimmern) triggered us to order pork intestine soup and mouth watering frog.) However, all were big failures except for eggplant, which was mediocre but since all the other dishes were terrible, it made the eggplant stand out like a super star.  
Pork intestine soup is basically pool of eerie looking "broth," which is more like diluted red wine vinegar that was spilled on the dirty kitchen floor and mopped up into the bowl, leaving a very blend yet distinct rotten socks flavor in your mouth, and unseasoned rotten socks at that.  There were few pieces of pork intestine floating on the top of the red broth, which was not seasoned at all and did not seem to be fresh.  Also, the presentation made me feel like the poor pig actually bled to death on the bowl, leaving his intestines behind to float on top of the blood.  At the bottom of the creepy broth was bed of vermicelli noodles, which I ended up rinsing in clear water before consuming because I was too hungry (due to lack of edible items from the things that we ordered) and was not about to order a 7th item.   
Mouth watering frog comes in a HUGE dish that is full of inedible rehydrated peppers and a couple of distorted looking mushrooms.  They try to make it seem like you are getting a bang for your bucks by putting all the frog legs on the top of the bed of inedible and unrecognizable things.  I think we got about 5 frog legs (don't understand why it's odd number either unless we got a mutated one with three legs in there) for $26 bucks.  If the sauce was good then at least we could have put that over rice but sauce was not far from the broth that I described above.
Lastly, I am not picky at all when it comes to service since I had my table waiting days in college.  However, servers were not properly trained and we had a terrible time getting basic items from the servers, who were crowded at one side of the restaurant.  Also, even though we barely touched the dishes, we were not inquired about our meal/experience by the server (bad training on the manager's part).    
Please do yourself a favor and just go down to the Wendy's, which is several blocks away.The manager did write me a nice note apologizing for the food that evening.This was a surprise pick randomly that turned out to be a gem. Appetizers of scallion pancakes were light and crisp while Dan Dan noodles were spicy and flavorful. The goodness continued with crab and mushroom fried rice loaded with crabmeat and tofu triple pepper stir fry with good spice and great texture. This was an unexpected find in center city.The owner gave us a complete run-down of the menu, explaining the different heat of the chili peppers used and the specialties of szechuan cooking.  We had a very good meal, from start to finish.  I had the whole tilapia in black bean sauce, which was delicious although the fish was small. The wonton soup was fabulous!  My sweetheart had the beef in peppers, which looked way to hot for me, but he loved it.    I would definitely go back!I went here for the first time last night with my boyfriend, after trying to get in at 2 other restaurants that had insanely long waits.  
Food:  We shared the dumpling sampler (2 each of 4 different kinds of dumplings) and an order of the Spicy Parsley sichuan entree with tofu.  I'm a vegetarian, and I was very impressed with the number of vegetarian options they had.  For the dumplings, I had vegetable dumplings and truffle edamame dumplings, which I was quite intrigued by.  They were good- not the best dumplings I've ever had, but definitely got points for the unique filling.  
The Spicy Parsley tofu was fantastic!  The texture of the tofu was perfect:  crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  It was also quite spicy - I like to think I can handle any amount of spice (I get 10/10 at Han Dynasty), and I was glad I only got a 3/5 at Jane G's.
Service:  Friendly, but slow.  It took a while for our dumplings to come out, but the servers were nice and attentive so we didn't feel forgotten about.  
Atmosphere:  Classy and upscale decor.  Nice, but also a bit loud.  There were quite a few large groups there.
I would definitely come back to Jane G's.  I saw that they have vegetarian hot pot (which is usually quite hard to find), so I plan to give it a try sometime!I actually want to give it 3.5 stars!  I went for dinner a couple of weeks ago.  Decorated nicely, relaxing atmosphere, and he staff were super friendly and attentive.
My meal was just okay, though.  I had the seafood tofu hot pot.  It wasn't bland, but that was because I asked for level 2 spiciness. Not sure if I could have handled more than that. My friend ordered the sweet & sour chicken... It was nothing special. Marginally better than the dish from a corner take-out restaurant. You get large portions though, definitely enough for leftovers which makes the prices reasonable!The food was decent. To me, Jane G's is what good Chinese takeout should taste like. So, as far as dining i,. I really was not that impressed. Second, I found the service at the oyster bar to be horrendous. Sat with dirty plates in front of the bf and I for 20 minutes. Really had no waiter. And the bf had to walk up to the bar to order food when no one came to the oyster bar to offer us service. Ordered general tso which was yummy, but again, I do not feel like Jane G should get extra points if the quality matches that of a good Chinese takeout spot.Being a longtime Han Dynasty fan, I've thought long and hard about how to make this review as objective as possible without mixing in my sentimental feelings about Han. Jane G and Han both serve similar Sichuan cuisine. On this occasion, I ordered the dry pepper chicken and the boiled hot sauce fish. Overall, I felt that Jane G is a solid choice that feels slightly more authentic than Han Dynasty, but I liked the latter better for its slightly thicker sauce in its hot sauce fish (I begrudgingly admit to liking the more Americanized version).
Anyhow, back to Jane G - I really enjoyed the dry pepper chicken. The portions are huge, and the chunks of meat were crispy yet beautifully juicy inside. The hot sauce fish was decent, but the texture was not as soft as those in some other restaurants. The atmosphere at Jane G struck me as very modern and a nice place to dine at, and they also serve hotpot with an array of fixings ($35) that looks amazing.4.5 stars
Jane G was our second chinese place that we went to in Philly, after Han Dynasty (our Philly staple).  This place is pretty good--very tasty, and serve was great!  We got an order of scallion pancakes, fu qi fei pian (they called it "lover's quarrel" or something silly), black bean chicken, and kong xin cai (usually called chinese watercress, but they called it morning glory...).  Everything was delicious!!!  I appreciated being able to control the spiciness.  I love fu qi fei pian, but han dynasty sometimes starts off like "hurts so good" and ends with me eating like 7 bowls of rice to quench the fire...Jane G place allows me to enjoy it without having to cry too much.  black bean chicken was surprisingly tasty, watercress was its usual tasty self, and the scallion pancakes were delightfully crispy.  The one thing that made me a little sad was that we ordered extra to bring for lunch the following day, and the waiter even offered to pack us an extra container of rice...which wasn't in there :(  
Pros over Han Dynasty--I appreciate the variety in foods...especially a regular veggie.  I was so happy to see very traditional home foods on the list (tomatoes and eggs!), and a pretty good mix of spicy and non spicy stuff.
Cons--It lacks a little extra tastiness that HD has--for example, their tripe isn't as QQ, the texture's just a little off.
Both places are a little pricier than I would like...but for quality Szechan/Sichuan food, I'll happily pay up!  (and order a little extra to bring for lunch the following day)Final day in Philly with the corporate meeting ended up in this chinese restaurant. As it was with a large group, could'nt order what I really wanted but the food was decent.
One negative catch was the four or five spice chicken with chinese peppers were not spicy but very salty. Hope the waitress forwarded the message to the chef as it was uneatable.
But other than that, the beef tripe and tendons, steamed veggies, chicken satay was very good.
Will try them again when in the area to order stuff I usually order and see the difference from New York Taste and Philadelphia taste.It was a very pleasant experience. We had a huge group of people and the manager was very willing to accommodate us. The servers were very friendly and polite and the food is really good. Both the American and authentic Chinese food are good, will definitely come again.Amazing food! Try the Chili Oil Wontons. ZOMG.Jane G's does awesome Szechuan food. My favorite Szechuan restaurant in Philly is Four Rivers. Han Dynasty was a very distant second-for all the hype, the food never compared to Four Rivers (it is prettier though). Jane G's easily beats Han Dynasty hands down. I can't speak for their non-Szechuan dishes, but all of the Szechuan ones I have tried - cumin style beef, dried pepper style chicken, spicy Parsley beef- were delicious, wonderfully spicy, and nearly as good as Four Rivers. Seriously, get the dried pepper chicken, it's like wonderfully tongue--tingling spicy popcorn chicken. I drool just thinking about it.
And for those who want a fancier setting than a Chinatown restaurant, I think it is more pleasant and comfortable then Han Dynasty. The portions are very generous and the service has always been very gracious- fast and pleasant. Our first visit there, the waitress dropped our plates with the leftovers. While that was a small loss to us (stuff happens and they were only left overs), she gave us our desert (yummy fried bananas) for free.
I have since gotten the takeout and it is every bit as good.I can't believe this place gets on average less than 4 stars! I've dined here at least 5 times and get take out on the regular from here. I'm a whitewashed Asian so maybe my opinion counts less, but I love their dan dan noodles and dumpling sampler. The hot pots and pepper chicken are flavorful and the staff is always friendly and attentive. My only criticism is that sometimes spice levels requested don't always align with spice levels received. When dining with spice adverse friends some of them have been blown out of the water with the spiciness of the dishes they've ordered, but then when asked to be punished with heat I've gotten rather mild dishes... Seems like it's a bit of a toss up. Other than that no complaints!We walked by Jane G's with the intention of dining somewhere in Rittenhouse Square, but impulsively made the decision to stop in. They seated us right away and the ambiance was quite nice. It was an nice change from the typical Chinatown restaurants.
The service was top notch throughout the night, particularly when they accommodated us when we requested a change of table since they originally seated us by the door and it was rather cold.
We ended up ordering three dishes: Three Cup Chicken, Ma Po Tofu and Stir Fried Cabbage. All three dishes were very solid. I'm very particular about my Chinese food and having it be as close to traditional as I can get it.
The Ma Po Tofu was a bit oily, but one of the better ones that I've had in recent memory. The stir fried cabbage was my favorite. It can be difficult to cook vegetables with the right amount of flavor, but the cabbage had red chili peppers and Sichuan peppercorn. It was quite impressive.The three cup chicken was not great, but still good and far above average. 
I was expecting Chinese food closer to the American take-out like places such as PF Chang's, but I was pleasantly surprised. I was reminded in this day and age that it's still okay to try a place without looking it up online first.What a disappointment.....
So last night I ordered delivery from Jane G and had the crab meat crimini mushroom fried rice and the cumin dry pork. The pork was wayyyy over seasoned and tooo spicy ... We got level 1 (which is the least heat level) and it still burned our mouths. For $16, I would expect our food to have a tolerable heat level.
The fried rice was the worst part.... Not even one crimini mushroom in sight (check out my yelp pic). There was a few button mushrooms scattered around. Even more scarce was the crab meat ... None. Boring unflavored fried rice that was $14... I truly felt ripped off by this place. I basically paid for white rice w some peas and eggs in it.
One star for this joint is considered generous.The bar area is very fun. The dining area is fairly large. They have a large variety of food and a spicy level of 1-5 with 5 being the spiciest. Theres a large selection of food on the menu, however the menu can be reorganized a little bit ( somewhat wordy repetitiveness)Large space, generous portions, and a crowd pleaser. It also handles allergies and food preferences very well. I came here for lunches/dinners with friends and a larger 15+ people party - the restaurant is very accommodating for larger groups and I was able to reserve a table two days beforehand. I recommend the General Tso's Chicken, King Pao, and the Pad Thai (if you want something not too spicy).Great Sichuan/general Chinese cuisine in a classy environment! Try the dan dan noodles, dry pepper chicken, and the double cooked pork. And ask for Andy, he's the best waiter in the city!We had an AWESOME meal here on Saturday.  We were a party of 8 and it was my friend's birthday.  Brussel sprouts were the best I've ever had, no exaggeration.  The cold noodles in sesame were really spicy but I love spicy food so that was okay.  I can honestly say I think this is the best Chinese I've had in Center City.  Will definitely come back!Loved it, happened to stumble in this place as it was next to the Parking garage, food is AMAZING! Super yummy and intimate!!!The staff are very friendly, they remember you and have fun conversation with you. And of course they always make sure you are doing well. For the food, I use to love the fire pot Chicken, but they removed that from the menu. My to go dish is the spicy beef noodle soup, very authentic, huge portion and they can make it very spicy for you. The spicy fish and toufu dish is also very good.Solid Chinese food. Some fairly authentic. Like the beef and turnip soup dish. Hits the spot. Definitely stop by.Went here for lunch on a Friday afternoon. By the time we were ready to leave, the restaurant was packed! In $13 (including taxes not gratuity), got a (pork) wonton soup in chicken broth and general Tso chicken with white rice. The soup was amazing!!!! Loved it!! The chicken and rice was good too - very good quantity enough for 2 meals for me. Because it was lunch, they can reduce their portion and the price. Overall, good.It is a fancy place to eat authentic spicy Chinese food. I love their food and environment.Great hot pot buffet, and authentic a la carte Szechuanese food. Could be a little pricey compared to other Chinese restaurants, but considering the high quality of food and very nice deco I think Jane G's is well worth a try.Delicious! So fresh and full of flavor. Started with chili oil wontons. Save the juice to drizzle on your white rice - too yummy to waste. We had twice cooked pork, garlic shrimp, honey walnut shrimp and kung pao chicken and house fried rice. Loved them all.I've been here before but never reviewed Jane G's. Came here for the HH this time. The HH is only at the bar.
The spicy wonton dumplings were more westernized that I had liked. Beer is cheap and the smell is amazing as you can smell the spicy peppers.
I had left my credit card here the night before and I called in. They still had it, so I am very grateful for their honesty.We went to Jane G's because we clicked on the link on Yelp & were offered a complimentary desert. They advertised small plates, so we asked the waitress for some guidance. What was appropriate for 2 adults & 1 child? The waitress said "The plates are pretty small. Each dish is about one handful." We thought we ordered accordingly, but when the food came I realized that there were clearly giants or a species of enormous space chefs in the kitchen. Each plate of food was larger than any hand I'd ever seen. We had ordered more than 5 adults could comfortably eat. The food itself was okay. A bit overpriced, if you ask me.  
After we got her to pack up about 1/2 of the food to go, she asked if we wanted desert. I was overstuffed, but the reason I was there in the first place was the free desert. When I told our server about the coupon she immediately copped an attitude. "I need to see it," was all she said (I'd been holding the phone in plain sight in my hand.) So I handed her the phone & she said, "You get green tea ice cream," and walked away. She brought the check with the desert but with none of those comforting assurances of 'take your time'. 
I probably won't be back, even for free ice cream.We had a surprisingly awesome lunch at Jane G's today.  The whole menu looked delicious with SO many options.  We decided on the chicken w/ black bean sauce (spice level 2).  I was expecting the dish to be covered in chili peppers like almost every other Asian in the Rittenhouse area....it was not:).  No heavy, starchy sauce.  Low level of grease, and perfectly spiced.  The flavors were perfectly balanced, chicken was lean, and the extremely fresh veggies were cooked to perfection.  Only $1 up charge for brown rice:)  The food came out fast.  Our waiter was friendly and spot on.  
So far, I like it more than Han Dynasty.  They have many of the same Szechuan dishes and much more.  I'm looking forward to trying the Dan Dan noodles and upping the spice level in the near future.  I was hesitant to try Jane G's due to the spotty reviews, but it really exceeded my expectations!This review can really only be for the Dan Dan noodles since that's the only dish I have ordered from here. Normally I get them delivered as they are the bombdiggity! No really if you haven't tried dan Dan noodles here or anywhere else- try them!
I'd say at a spice level 2 or it gets way too overwhelming. 
Their service has been fast and friendly. I even say outside for lunch on a weekday afternoon with no crowd and the service was exceptional.I am from San Francisco and I discovered this place on yelp. John the bartender was great and recommended the spicy dumplings. They were superb!  I also had the cucumber salad and Phad Thai. It was really good as well. But what pushes this from 4 stars to 5 was the great service from John at the bar. It was nice to be at a ace that was so welcoming to an out of towner. The food was great and the service excellent!I went here recently for lunch with a small group of co-workers.  The service was quite good - very attentive, but the lunch menu was a little confusing and the food was good but not great.  
The atmosphere was pretty formal for lunch, and the prices were as well.  $20 each with water to drink.
I tried the popcorn shrimp and they were strange, gooey and barely crispy at all.  The others in my group seemed to have a little better luck.
The portions were reasonable, but definitely on the smaller side.  This isn't somewhere you should expect a mountain of rice or noodles.
I would give it another shot, but probably for dinner rather than lunch.Would give 6 if I could. My husband and I had a special occasion dinner there last night and the staff went out of their way to make sure it was perfect, and it was. Food, decor, and certainly the staff deserve at least 5 stars, thank you!
We had the dumpling sampler which was great, lo mein and a mango chicken dish as entrees, and an amazing dessert. We will be back for sure!This is probably one of the nicest and biggest Chinese restaurants in the area. When you walk in you see a large open space with multiple dining rooms and attention to decoration. But, some of that wears off when you sit down and your table is the stereotypical Chinatown dirty table with a paper menu. 
Still, the food is authentic, even with English speaking servers! Soup dumplings have a thinner layer of skin than at dim sum garden or toms dim sum, making for a tastier experience! 
Prices here are slightly above average Chinese food ($11 for string beans with no meat, anyone?) but service makes up for it (although they did give us the wrong item but it was easily switched out). 
Btw, beef scallion pancakes is a must :)My first dining experience was marred by a service issue (waiter forgot to put in our orders) granted we came on opening weekend. But a legit dimsum place with good food I cannot pass on. I need dimsum. I miss good dimsum so I came a second time and this time with some newly made friends and we had a blast. The waiter we had was the right level of sarcasm/trollin that we love and vibe with and plus he got our orders in and was just doing his job well and with care. Much appreciated! And there's a pool table! which is a nice touch to a night out. Thank you Jackson for giving us a reason to come back because we had lots of fun and most importantly the dimsum is delicious.It's out one of favorite spot for lunch with coworkers. Since it was open we went there more than 10 times. And every time we order same thing but we like that it stays consistent. My usual is wonton soup, which we actually can split between 2 people easy, and sticky rice in banana leaf. I love this sticky rice, I tried a lot of it in different places in Chinatown and I can tell this is one of my favorite. Soup dumplings are good, but I know better place in Chinatown, since it's in university city area, I would say they are the best. Actually I can say that Dim Sum House is the best Chinese restaurant in University City of Phila. I hope they will maintain being clean and solid. The service is always good, just remember that they serve as it's ready, so sometime everything can come at the same time, sometimes in odd way.
Overall I would recommend to try it!This place is yummy AF. Great service. I tried this sour beer that was Fantastic. And best of all was the ice cream: I tried both sesame and Vietnamese coffee. To.die.for.Came here last night with a couple of buddies and had a good time.  Were seated pretty quickly, service was generally attentive,food was tasty.  We had a selection of dim sum and main entrees: shrimp siu mai, spicy shrimp dumplings, veggie dumplings, authentic (meaning no soy sauce i guess?) fried rice, stir fried green beans, and stir fried potato.  We spent about 20 bucks per person, which was not bad for a Friday night dinner out with friends.  
I will say this; if you are coming here for affordable/amazing/authentic dim sum, then this is probably not the best place for you.  The food is pretty authentic, but you will be paying a premium price for it (probably close to double the price you would pay if you went to dim sum in Chinatown).  In addition, the food quality (at least at the moment) will likely not blow your mind; it's standard decent dim sum.  That being said, if you're coming here for the atmosphere and for the chance to eat good dim sum for dinner, then it's probably worth it. 
Small kinks that I think will likely be worked out as time goes on: serving utensils were limited (we had one serving spoon for pretty much all of our dishes), and our plates, which were tiny, were not cleared out between our meals.  
Definitely a nice and chill place to hang out with friends, I'd come back..I'm curious how things will change as the restaurant develops.Went there 3 times in 4 days. Immaculate service, loved everything we ordered except for the west lake fish, but I always have problem with that dish, wherever I have it.
I love the Jane G's over at Rittenhouse, and their university city location doesn't disappoint.Dim sum house's environment is calm and welcoming with their upbeat and  friendly servers. Their food is a nice modern take on traditional Chinese dishes. I highly recommend the beef scallion pancakes, soup dumplings and spicy tofu fish.I ate here as part of a group of 5 on August 11.  The food was decent; the service not so.  Perhaps it was just our particular server, but she left a lot to be desired.  Food was charged that was not delivered, and everyone's appetizer course came out together but mine.  The waitress described this as "family style" dining, but this concept was hard for me to understand since 4 of the 5 other people received their appetizers at the same time, and mine came out 2 minutes before my meal.Really a 3.5 stars would be more accurate.
This place has a pretty decent happy hour, having a handful of their dim sum on happy hour for $4 or less. They were a little pricier than my other go-to dim sum place in Chinatown and I thought that their soup dumplings (pork and the pork and crab) lacked some spice (like salt and pepper) in comparison to other soup dumplings I've had. The crystal shrimp dumplings were good, as were the pork and leek dumplings and the pork bun bao. They were able to accommodate some of their dim sum for a vegan at our table (vegetable dumplings and sticky rice shumai). Overall, I thought this place was pretty decent and I would definitely visit again if I was in the area and seriously craving dim sum.Great dim sim- not greasy and the soup dumplings hit the spot. So delish. I will be back!The food, the decor, and the cocktails were all phenomenal. I'm so excited to not have to trek to Chinatown to get great soup dumplings and if you do have to make a trek, this place is worth it. We got crabmeat soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings and the dan dan noodles (the hottest it could be but the spice was not nearly hot enough). All of it was very good and lovely on a cold night. 
However, the service left much to be desired. We waited for a long time to be acknowledged even though it wasn't too busy. This would've gotten 5 stars if it weren't for the bad service. The bartender was great but the actual server left us hangin. I'll be back but will be prepared to be ignored.I highly recommend Jackson and his team to anyone who is planning an event and wants to have high quality Chinese food. Not only were they extremely professional, but they were able to accommodate near everything that we asked for in a very short amount of time. We had a small wedding reception (less than 60 people) and really wanted a traditional Chinese banquet (which includes multiple courses). The menu that they designed included dim sum dishes, peking duck, lobster, fried rice, pork belly just to name a few. We also wanted a lot of things including speakers, a gift table, open bar, a cake table, white linens - and all within a span of 2 weeks. A day before the event, I worriedly told Jackson that I had found out that some of the guests had dietary restrictions (think gluten-free, vegetarian) and he laughed. He was very used to dinner guests having dietary restrictions, always made sure to ask, and yes, it was no problem. 
Our guests had a lot of fun and most importantly, the bride and groom were thrilled with the final result. Jackson was always around to assist with any of my last minute requests. His servers were constantly asking our guests if they needed anything, drinks, napkins, chili sauce, etc. Jackson even took it upon himself to set up the video presentation, freeing me to go handle other things. That act alone speaks volumes about how much he values his guests. He did this multiple times throughout the night which made coordinating the reception that much easier. I could not have asked for a better person (and actually set of people) to work with. 
We are so happy that we chose to have the wedding reception here. The restaurant setting and ambiance is warm and very classy. The servers are very polite and attentive to their guests' needs. Seriously consider having your events here, I think you will be very pleased.Dim Sum House will have you housing their dumplings and dim sum, but in a classy looking establishment, rather than the dark boisterous cramped Chinatown ambiance you're used to. 
Owned by the Jane G's folks, this sleek-looking, bright, spacious, restaurant has booths lining the sides, with some high top tables in the middle, a pool table (a bit random during dim sum, but probably fits in more during happy hour and weekends), and more private dining areas in the back, perfect for private parties or events.
The food was very good and fresh tasting, I've never seen shumai and chicken feet so big! The custard buns are not to be missed- soft, smooth and pillowy with a warm custard explosion when you bite into it. They have soup dumplings and shrimp cheong fun, and all the regular dim sum bites, "the familiars" (read: general tso's), and a decent amount of vegetarian options (buns, dumplings, green beans). Basically, you can bring your white friends here and they won't feel the need to check the health reports after.
Prices are not Chinatown prices, but for dim sum for 4, I think the bill was around $80, so not too bad. I'd love to host an event here, they definitely have the space for it!A friend and I went for dinner on Tuesday and sat at the bar for the tail end of happy hour. The interior was surprisingly swank considering that it's in the 2nd floor of a building still undergoing construction. Lots of quilted leather and dark wood.
The bartender seemed to lose interest in us when we said we weren't interested in ordering full entrees at the bar. We did get two green tea shots, a Shapeless Like Water cocktail, a Yards beer, pork baos, and chicken skewers.
The green tea shots were delicious! Very smooth and tasted a lot like green tea without that sometimes musky aftertaste you can get. The Shapeless Like Water cocktail was actually incredible. It doesn't taste like a generic sweet cocktail you can get at any bars despite having lychee and Asian pear. It was perfectly made for dim sum.
The chicken skewers were good and you get 3 pork baos in a serving. These were pretty good too except they're impossible to peel out of the paper wrapper without the bottom completely tearing off. 
There's another dining area off to the right that seemed more casual and louder. I look forward to going back and hopefully having a better time with a table server!The food was not as good as other Chinese Restaurants, rice with pepper and beef was not very goodI'm so excited that University City now has a great place for dim sum! Dim Sum House makes a very nice first impression, as the decor is chic and upscale. My friend and I were quickly seated and served some tea, but then we waited over 10 minutes until a server even came to our table. Finally, the waitress must have noticed me looking around, and came over to the table to ask if we were ready to order. No greeting. No apology for the wait. She seemed totally unaware that no one had come to ask for our drink order or anything. 
So, 2/5 stars for the service, because it was kind of appalling given the atmosphere that they are going for.
Now that I got that out of my system, I was totally impressed by the food. We shared the following: chicken curry dumplings (PACKED with chicken, they didn't skimp by any means), pork soup dumplings (of course), green beans, dan dan noodles, and the beef scallion pancakes. I have to say that each dish was excellent.
-The green beans were crisp and flavorful- we always get a vegetable to balance all of the carbs and this was a great choice! 
-The pork soup dumplings are a must. I tried them so I could make a reasonable comparison to my favorite Chinatown spots like Tom's and Dim Sum Garden, and these definitely stack up! They were piping hot at first, but once we got to try them, they were delicious.
-the dan dan noodles were tasty, a bit on the oily side, but they let you choose the level of spiciness so that is a plus. We went with a 4! I am usually very sensitive to heat but I found the 4 to be palatable and delicious.
-the scallion pancakes were SO good and such a surprise. They are served almost like a little panini. My one complaint is that they were very oily, but still tasty.
I was very surprised to see how expensive the alcohol is here, so for that reason we decided to spend all of our money on food! Even so, for all of that food it only came out to $25 per person. Not bad! I am anxious to come for happy hour, and I'll be back for dinner soon for sure. The service needs improvement, but the food is spot on!Heard about a new Dim Sum joint being run by Jane G's crew and figured I needed to make a point of checking it out.  Luckily for me, the next day was MLK day and I had a day off to explore.  I grabbed Jared J for some company and headed their way around noon.
You never know what to expect with a recently opened restaurant and the holiday too boot, yet we walked into a packed house.  Surprising since this place seems huge!  No worries as they didn't take long to greet us, seat us, and bring us some great hot tea.  
We found their menu had both Shanghai and Cantonese dim sum, along with soups, veggies, and a few other entree items.  Honestly, I didn't know there were different types of dim sum!  Let's face it, I'm sure their entrees are fine, but I came for dum sum.  We ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings, Crabmeat Soup Dumplings, Shanghai Sticky Rice Shao Mai, Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, and a Mustard Green Pork Soup.
Obviously from the five star rating it was top notch.  The details - the soup dumplings came in groups of 6, the others in groups of 4, and the soup served two easily.  The amount of food seemed perfect for the two of us.  I wasn't a huge fan of the Sticky Rice.  From the dumplings, the Crystal Shrimp was a clear winner.  Believe it or not, my favorite dish was probably the soup.  Maybe I just wasn't expecting so much (flavor, content, deliciousness).  Sorry, no photos this time around as we mostly forgot and dug in first.
As I mentioned, they were rather packed.  I'm not sure they were expecting as many people, yet they handled everything well.  We did have to wait a bit for some of our food, but they came out with dishes as they were prepared so we always had chow to eat.  I mentioned the free tea, but its worth noting it is better than one would expect (especially for free tea).  If you'd like a glass of water with your meal, make sure to ask.  However, once you had it, they are on spot with refills and appropriately check in with you as you eat.
In my mind, U City got blessed with another great place to eat.  Since its not quite around the corner from me, I won't be going every day.  Honestly, that is probably the only thing stopping me - I will certainly be back!I don't really see what all the hype's about. The wait was double what the hostess said it would be, and once we finally got seated the dumplings we ended up ordering came out only lukewarm and tasted very oily.I came here with four friends before the grand opening. I was seated even though the rest of our party wasn't there yet. The waiter gave me tea right away. We ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings and Beef Scallion Pancakes to start. The boss was walking around and came by to suggest the Spicy Soup Dumpling. If you like spicy, try it! We also got the Dan Dan Noodles, Beef Ho Fun, Shrimp Shu Mai, Salt and Pepper Scallop, and Shrimp and Chive Dumplings. 
The restaurant had a modern feel and the dim sum was more so contemporary. The menu separated Shanghai and Cantonese style dim sum.
My friends got the Gwai Lo Blanc, Jane G's Sangria Red, and Drunken Master off of the happy hour menu. The Sangria was good. My friend felt the Gwai Lo Blanc was watered down. The Drunken Master was gingery.While most of the items on the Dim Sum menu are delicious, the two that stand out are the soup dumplings which are cooked to perfection and have such Delicious broth and the DanDan noodles. Didn't even know that was a thing till I got to Philly. Absolutely need more. Now. Not greasy like some of the other noodles you will find. 
Overall, fantastic place and good service. Wonderful place to go with a group and share a bunch of stuff!Not bad not excellent. You're paying for the ambiance and some okay dishes. I am not too keen on Asian fusion-ish places like this. We ordered the Peking duck and it didn't come with enough rolls for just three of us and we asked for more, they actually charged extra for the rolls which is something I've never experienced before. A bit over priced, (an understatement) for the quality, but there's not a lot of choices around so I'm happy for any new restaurants opening in the area. I recommend the West Lake Beef Soup, its very tasty!A great dim sum place in Philly.  Good selection of dim sum items.  Overall the foods are great and the ambiance is great.  We totally enjoy our foods.The dim sum here was good. I definitely enjoyed the scallion beef pancake. Also, I tired the hot and sour soup which hit the spot after playing softball. Other than that the service was good as usual.I came here for lunch and was quite disappointed by the lunch special. I saw on other reviews that the dumplings were quite good, but these weren't offered. I went to the grand opening party and enjoyed the dim sum I had there. The lunch menu seemed to be at a good price point; 12 dollars for a soup and an entree. The restaurant is really nice to be in; there are a lot of decorations and the ambiance is great. 
I ordered the egg drop soup with corn and my friend got the dumpling soup. We enjoyed both of our soups. 
My friend ordered some kind of pork dish and I ordered the hot pot fish dish. So. Oily. Almost to the point that there was pretty much no flavor besides just... oil. My flavorless fish had a pretty good portion, though, but there was literally just a layer of oil on top. Same with the pork; there was a huge pool of oil on the dish. The rice was fine though; the fried rice wasn't super "fried" and actually tasted healthier than other places. 
The service was also quite subpar. I had to literally chase after waiters to ask for a spoon for my soup and for the bill. As in, my waiter was literally no where to be found after he took my order. I saw a few waiters just sitting around on the benches on their phones. 
Overall, I was pretty disappointed by Dim Sum House - the flavorless, oily food and the slow service. Will not be back for the entrees, but may be back to try the dumplings. Han Dynasty is much better for the things we ordered!Fast, convenient, and tasty dim sum near UPenn. The two of us got seated really quickly for Friday dinner and the server was efficient and attentive. They have a happy hour with a decent selection of dim sum such as crystal shrimp dumplings and shu mai. All of our dimsum came in around 10 min and it was perfect because we were in a hurry. For a dim sum place near a college campus, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the dimsum (7 out of 10). The only disappointment was the pork buns were a little dry. Definitely get the crab meat soup dumplings. 
In terms of ambiance, it is modern Asian. The table for two was a little cramped especially for dim sum since it is served in many small plates. 
This place is definitely 5 stars and a good place to get your dim sum fix. I would prefer Dim Sum House over many "authentic" dim sum places that actually have worse quality food and sometimes questionable cleanliness.Having the wrong waiter made my dining experience here memorable in a negative way. Waited 40 mins to find out they didn't put my order through. Too hungry for thisDim Sum House felt like an elegant take on classic dim sum. My group attended for UC Dining Days and were prepared to eat a lot.
After getting settled into a large, cozy booth by the window, we placed our cocktail order. The Canton Cosmo is their take on a lychee martini. Vodka and lychee liquor made it strong in a disguising way.
We ordered most of the appetizers and doubled up on the ones with the most hype. The pork soup dumplings and beef scallion pancakes were that good. The pancake was shaped more like an egg roll but tasted like a traditional scallion pancake; it was very hearty.
For the mains, we ordered two dry pepper with chicken, green long hots with shredded beef and Dan Dan noodles. Food coma was already kicking in, but we had to indulge while it was hot a fresh. I wasn't expecting the chicken to be crispy and in little popcorn chicken like bites, but it was a pleasant treat. The peppers in the chicken were a little tough but gave a good kick. The beef was excellent and I'd absolutely order it again.
We went with the Vietnamese coffee and green tea ice cream. Upon recommendation from our server, we ordered the egg custard bao. It was so odd to cut into a dessert and have egg yolk come out, but then after getting past that, it was delicious custard! 
We got all that food (minus the cocktails) for $25 per person. Obviously a great deal, but that did the trick in showing me a new-to-me restaurant and making me want to return.I went here at night to have a bowl of congee, but after sitting down for 10 minutes, I was told that the kitchen didn't have it, so I order some soup dumplings instead. The food itself was good, but the wait time was very long. The service was average.Unusual but I didn't hate it. When I think of dim sum, I think of food carts going around everywhere, loud asian people and rude waiters. That's just how i've always had my dim sum. When you walk into this place... it's the complete opposite. Beautiful restaurant, nice ambience and very quiet. You order the food and it comes out of the kitchen. I was skeptical to say the least. But the food and service were actually pretty good! We ordered the dan dan noodles, chicken feet, xiao long bao, cheung fun and the pork belly with greens. Dan dan noodles didnt look like dandan noodles to be honest but they were really good. If you like spicy food, just order it and ask for the spiciest. You wont be dissapointed. The chicken feet were tender and tasty. Cheung fun was nothing special but not bad. Pork belly with greens was pretty good. Thin slices of melt in your mouth pork belly on top of a flavorful shredded beef/veggie pile. Honestly though I'd probably go for the dong po if I was craving a pork dish. The xiao long bao had a bit of a thicker skin than I would like so they were just ok imo. Overall, if you're looking for a traditional dim sum experience, avoid. If you're looking for good chinese food/dim sum and don't feel like going to chinatown, come here!
FYI: They open at 11!! Which was unusual for me as dimsum usually starts early... but that's adding to the point.I had dim sum with five friends yesterday and we ordered about 15 dishes in total plus draft beer. Our favorite dishes were the Pork Soup Dumplings, the Beef Scallion Pancakes, Pork Buns, Spicy Shrimp Dumplings. The restaurant is stylish and large, our server very attentive and well versed - and we will return in near future. As a group of friends, we enjoyed and it was well suited for weekends when you want to enjoy time out with 1, 2 or 10 people. We will return for cocktails in coming weeks.Disappointing, both the quality and the quantity of food served has been compromised. I don't care a lot about the quantity; but I started coming here for the quality, which sadly isn't the same!The service is terrible. All the staff just want to hang out and make sure the customers are miserable. The food is good, if it ever arrives at your table.Honestly so disappointed. Had had great food here but when we tried to go at 1:25 (they say on every internet source they are open till 2am) they told us that the kitchen closed at 1am. No where on the internet did they say this - this is completely false advertising, and the host at the time was incredibly rude and unhelpful. I am very disappointed and unhappy. Will be bringing my business elsewhere and I encourage everyone else to do the same. False advertising is one thing but being unaccommodating and outright RUDE is another.This was quite honestly the worst service I have ever received at a restaurant. We waited 10 minutes to be seen by a server who then proceeded to be extremely rude and didn't get us water or anything. We had to ask a busboy for water and our check at the end. The food was simply okay and over priced. If you have the time and the decency go to Dim Sum Garden.Great food, good ambience. The soup dumplings were amazing and so were the different dim sums we had. Dan Dan was on point. We will be back soon!
Been here a couple more times after the first review - Spicy soup dumplings are crazy spicy - Avoid if you can't handle spice. They have a late night restricted menu after 11pm. The only disappointing part - no hot tea on the menu late night.only two complaints: it was really busy when I went with my friend and we had to sit at the bar area and it's a little pricey but other than that the food was really really good like I don't know if I've had dimsum like that in a long time. would recommend the soup dumplings and beef scallion pancake. and it's close to campus which is a plus and our server was super friendly and accommodatingUh. Maze. Zing. Cute / trendy place, friendly staff, reasonable prices, delicious food. 
I had the spicy Xiao Long Bao - incredible
Shrimp and chive dumplings - humongous and delicious
Beef filled scallion pancake - sooo good
Steam pork buns - very good
Hot tea comes with every meal and it was fantastic too.
I love this place and want to come back to Philly just to eat here again!Solid four-star meal at DSH. We are used to dim sum from carts, so this was a little different, but it worked. Most everything we got was really good -- in particular the string beans, soup dumplings, and chive & shrimp dumplings. Crystal shrimp dumplings very good too. Even the pad thai. One nice thing about ordering dim sum off the menu is that everything is made to order so it's nice and hot (we've gotten plenty of stuff from carts that is lukewarm or even cold).
The only real miss was the eggplant stuffed with shrimp, which was pretty tasteless.
Prices are higher than at your typical dim summery, but the place is much nicer than those places too. And we enjoyed the 80s music!I've been here twice in thee days and everything I've had here is fantastic! I've had the Pad Thai, the pork soup dumplings, fried soup dumplings, chili oil wontons, and scallion pancakes. Would highly recommend all of them! Great place!Went for lunch with a coworker and we loved the food. The pork soup dumplings and the pork buns were delicious, as well as the fried rice (without soy sauce).  I am definitely going to return here to try the many other options as well as the bar!a nice addition to the growing asian restaurants in the university city area - the food reminds me of a blend between Han Dynasty and Dim Sum Garden for those familiar with the restaurants.  
i recommend their soup dumplings and beef scallion pancake.  haven't had the opportunity to try more of the menu so far but overall quality and quantity of food is good.  
my only current qualm about this place is the seemingly scattered/disorganized service - i prefer one server over multiple servers as orders have gotten easily lost the most recent time i have visited. additionally, the timing of servers were too closely spaced where servers asked within 5 minutes of each other if we needed anything else, making it come off if they were rushing for us to finish and then it ended with one of the servers taking our signed receipt before we left.Took my dad to lunch here on a whim. He's a huge dim sum fan, I'm a novice--we were both really impressed. The interior decoration was nice and the wait staff were -extremely- friendly and helpful. We tried the Dan Dan noodles with chicken, Beef Scallion Pancakes, Beef Soup dumplings and Spicy Shrimp dumplings. 
We really liked everything, but especially the noodles. They asked us how hot we wanted them, and we went with 3--which had enough bite for me without being too hot for my dad. Really tasty. The beef soup dumplings were thick and filling, and the spicy shrimp was a taste explosion.
Can't wait to go back.Very modern and well balanced interior and friendly service. Tried a bunch of dumplings. Scallion pancake could have been a bit warmer. Soup dumplings not so easy to handle and broth could be a bit stronger. Some improvement needed. Bit pricy for what you actually get.The soup dumplings, the curry dumplings, the sizzled beef is really good. When it gets busy the wait staff might forget about you. But it's not their fault. They're super busy. 
The tea they serve is really good too. 
Additionally, the baskets the dim sum come in have holes on the bottom. I noticed some people pouring soy sauce into them and seeing a pool of soy sauce on the table.Reservations is suggested because they get filled up pretty quick, and wait times are long. Welcome to the neighborhood the matriarch herself, Jane G and son, Jackson. Your restaurant is a breath of fresh air to the University City area. Now I don't have to fight traffic to go to Chinatown. Your restaurant's layout has good taste, perfect to bring your significant other or that special date. Private groups are welcome over at their sectioned areas, and families will have a great time. Their prices are reasonable and the food is amazing! Their Bar is a nice addition to the place, for those who want alcohol to go with their meal. Food is delivered in a timely fashion. It does not have that heavy oily taste, nor are they salty. It is wheelchair accessible. My only gripe is the parking situation. Your only option is metered street parking. The nearest parking garage is at the corner of 40th and Walnut St. If they do decide to add valet service, I'm sure it will be welcomed and appreciated. Thank you so much for being in my neighborhood.The server is so bad, so bad, so bad. No water, no light. When I complain with the manager, the server goes furious and says why u complain. I was thinking wtf. I don't want to come here anymore. And also, raw pork siu mai btw.I came here one time just to check it out and the inside is very modern and the music is not very dim sum-y but their food is so good who cares. The beef scallion pancake is pure heaven, though sometimes it comes out cold and then u just gotta let them know and they'll heat it up for u, and the chili oil wontons.....I could inhale three orders of them. That's honestly all I care for there but those two are so good I don't need anything else!!!!! The tea they serve u is also very goodAn absolutely reliable favorite place for quality Chinese food and dim sum, conveniently located on campus. Trendy yet unpretentious decor, dimly lit, fast service and a great selection of food. My favorites include the pork buns, custard buns, and any variation of the soup dumplings. Thank you Jane G!Difinitely over-rated place. I knew the place is crowded, so I call to order take out, waiter told me to pick up in 20 minutes. When I get there, I should get my order ready, however, they have me waited for another 40 minutes! Every time I asked the waiter/waitress if mine is ready, they just say they will check, and never get back to you. Until I told them it is about an hour after I called to order, I want refund and leave, waitress immediately bring the food from kitchen. Which probably means they previously told me they will check at the kitchen, they actually DID NOT!
Food is over-priced.
WORST PLACE EVER!!
If you have a lot of time and money to waste, this is ur choice.Good dim sum place finally in university city! Recommended items are black bean pork ribs, soup dumplings (although dim sum garden's a bit better), pumpkin tart & fried rice!My first time here. Not too far from my crib, and I loved it! Nic, James (i think),and D were super friendly and efficient at the bar. The dumplings were delicious. We loved the roast pork bun and the beef and garlic broccoli. The scallion pancakes were so tasty. We waited a half an hour for them but then was comp'd for them because it took too long. Really cute for date night. Even had a pool table. Hope to go back soon for 5 star!We got here pretty late like at 11:45pm. Parking is basically street parking. The area seemed pretty quiet at the time. The place was relatively easy to locate. It's upstairs. It was a very laid back setting with a DJ & a bunch of people. Most of the people at the bar were super drunk & obnoxious. The music was really jarring, and I could barely hear my boyfriend. It took the server forever to come get our order. For a second we thought we were unnoticed, and were wondering if the kitchen closed. Cause literally everyone was crowded around the bar. We ordered chicken dumplings, spicy shrimp dumplings, & vegetable dumplings. The chicken dumplings were a definite hit! We loved them! The spicy shrimp dumplings were amazing (for me), but my boyfriend couldn't stomach them. They're like a 8 on a scale of 1-10. Definitely don't recommend them to people that aren't too fond of spicy food. The vegetable dumplings were a dish neither of us liked too much. The pricing seemed relatively affordable for us. Many people around the NYC area would probably beg to differ. I would definitely give this place one more chance to see if their service improves at an earlier time in the evening.Great location, very nice decor and soup dumplings were out of this world. Can't wait to go back and try more of their offerings!Amazing! My fiancée and I were in town for the weekend and we had to try this new dim sum place that we had been hearing about. Beautiful space, great quality food, and great service. We tried the cold spicy beef tendon (spicy but so good), the soup dumpling (with just the right ratio of filling to wrapper), the sizzling short rib (loved the black bean sauce), and gotta have some veggies so the Mapo tofu. Making myself hungry already just writing this.  Also love that they are open late night for fresh dim sum until 2am. Can't wait to go back !I was thrilled with both the food and the service here tonight. My husband and I sat at the bar and ordered a few happy hour drinks. We both had the cocktail with blackberry shrub and Bluecoat gin--the name escapes me--and it was delicious.  The vinegar-tang of the shrub kept it from being too sweet. At $5 per drink it felt like a great deal. We also had the crystal shrimp dumplings (excellent), sautéed green beans (very good--very salty and garlicky), durian rolls (durian is a bit of an acquired taste, but the flaky pastry roll on the outside and the sweet durian custard contrast on the inside was amazing) the shrimp stuffed eggplant was better than the dim sum I fell in love with as a kid. It was the best iteration of this dish I've ever had, and this is a dish I've been in love with since I was 8. We practically licked the bowl. Lastly, we ordered two orders of the chive and shrimp dumplings. Originally we ordered one, but it was too good and we had to order a second--the wrapper was transparent-thin and each dumpling was totally stuffed with filling. They were perfect. 
While each dish might be a little pricier than its Chinatown counterpart, the quality is worth it. 
I should correct that: the service is also worth every penny. We had an excellent bartender who was incredibly attentive and absolutely made our dining experience. We will definitely be back. 
(The one slight negative: if you're an old person like myself, you might find the noise level challenging. Sitting at the bar and not in the middle of the dining room, it was quite manageable, but be wary of where you're sat if you're hearing-impaired.)I remember when they were about to open a ~fancy~ dim sum house at U. City, I didn't know how I felt about it. Growing up, dim sum is not supposed to be fancy, it's loud and chaotic and a precious memory. So I was pleasantly surprised by the very well made and delicious dim sums, as well as its spacious storefront and service. 
Since its opening, this has been the go to place for large group (7-10 people) hangout because the ability to share in dim sum. We can order a couple entrees and a handful of dim sum dishes to cover everyone's dietary restrictions. You can make appointments ahead of time as well - the whole process is really easily facilitated. 
If I have to recommend a few dishes for you to try: I would definitely say the veggie fried rice, the veggie dumplings, the stir fried string beans, the egg cream buns, and the beef stuffed scallion pancake.Dim Sum House features a menu offering up plenty of delicious and genuine options. It would serve you well to be adventurous in your choices as everything is delicious. Do yourself a favor and be sure to order at least one of the many variations of soup dumplings as well as the scallion pancakes with beef. Their fried rice is satisfying and somehow less guilt inducing than any other fried rice that I've had, and the curry dumplings pack plenty of flavor. This time around,  I tried the bone in spare ribs which were nothing like I was expecting and a the bones were a challenge,  but the ribs were both flavorful and tender- well worth the challenge of disposing of the bones inconspicuously. Take it from me, anything on the menu preceded by the word "spicy " is telling the truth! So those of us who enjoy the spice of life will be pleased for sure. The food here is solid, reasonably priced,  and arrives quickly tableside. I'm looking forward to seeing how this newcomer to University City evolves.Got here at 5:30pm Monday for a quick drink and appetizer, ended up staying 5 hours! David the bartender was super friendly and recommended the extra spicy soup dumplings and beef stuffed scallion pancakes, both were fantastic. Then we had the dry pot - not as outstanding as the apps but still excellent. Reasonably priced as well - can't wait to go back!Nice place to visit for dim sum.    Food comes out at a fast pace and the service is really spot-on.   Great for a family or date outing.   Gets really crowded on weekends but that ensures good and fresh food!When this place first opened I was hesitant to try it because of how Americanized it may be compared to authentic dim sum. However I was pleasantly surprised with the menu selections and quality of the dim sum options. I find myself coming here again and again for the dim sum. One of my favorites is that they are opened late night whereas most dim sum places usually aren't. My favorites here are the Dan Dan noodles, Peking duck, spicy soup dumplings, and the turnip cake. The only dish that doesn't seem as authentic is the shrimp cheung fun. The bartenders are also very nice and knowledgeable about the rotating beers on tap. My boyfriend really enjoyed the ginger beer. My favorite drink there is the lychee cosmo.Nice surprise in the art museum area! The food was fresh and quick- my dining partner was disappointed when she couldn't substitute among the menus choices as she doesn't eat rice. Hence the 4 stars.Came here for dindin with my lover one night and ordered the soup dumplings, mapo tofu, har gaw, and scallion pancakes. Food was okay. Price was okay too - a few dollars/cents more than what it would cost in chinatown. The establishment has "americanized" these traditional dishes in a way. Quality is up to par but something in the back of my tonsils tells me that the chefs are most likely not chinese/asian. 
How do I know? I can just taste it ...By far the best soup dumplings in Philadelphia. The service and food are always amazing. They also have a FREE pool table in the dining room!! Thank you Dim Sum house for being my favorite place to go in the city.Really enjoyable experience.  The owner/manager may be an Irish man, but rest assure he and the creators/service staff of Dim Sum are well versed in Dum Sum cuisine.   I'm not from the area, but it felt like this was a perfect addition to the neighborhood.  Great food, inventive cocktails and overall relaxing vibe.The food is legit, the best dim sum in Philly. They have both styles dim sum so you get your soup dumplings here as well!
Staff was very friendly and upbeat. The dim sum is a la carte so you won't find any carts here. They serve alcohol and offer some punny cocktails. Definitely go for the classic shumai and har gow.This place is soooo good. It's on Penn's campus but i highly recommend you go even if you don't go to penn or Drexel. This is so worth the trip down there. We got the typical dim sum and dry pepper style chicken which was amazing. Definitely check it outWe went to this place for dinner on a whim.  It was a really good whim!  The food was good overall, and the service was really attentive.  The place also presented as really classy, especially for a dim sum restaurant.  The layout of the place is odd, but it looks like they have a lot of tables overall.  There is a bar and a pool table.  No one was playing pool while we were there, but I could have imagined that we would have been annoyed by people playing pool even moderately loudly.
You have to try the Beef Scallion Pancake.  It is like a big scallion pancake with delicious beef (and some kind of sweet sauce, and maybe leeks?) rolled up like a burrito.  It was quite big, like the rest of the dim sum we tried.  The pork buns were good on the bun part, but I didn't love the filling (it was kind of gelatinous).  The pork soup dumplings were good and were quite similar to the pork soup dumplings as Dim Sum Garden in Chinatown.  
One issue: the water glasses were too small.  This may sound like an odd complaint, but I'd say it was a real issue.  I was thirsty, and I felt like I was getting to know the water-fillers well.  
I will definitely be back!Such a great experience at Dim Sum House. Our server was awesome. Great job to Yohan for being fantastic, offering great recommendations and answering all of our questions. Nice variety of dim sum and all our choices were delicious. My buddy had never had dim sum before and he loved it. 
This place is cool and hip. Very college town friendly. Drinks were great as well. I can't wait to come back. 
Must try are the pork and soup dumplings and pork and crab shumai. If you love spicy then definitely try the spicy shrimp dumplings. Very delicious with a nice kick and they come in a beautiful red color.Made a weekend trip to Philly from the singular idea of dining at this restaurant. The decision did not disappoint! Located very close to the UPenn campus, our friends took us here mainly for the Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings) and we were satisfied. The interior is very modern, service is quick and reliable, and the food was delicious. Would highly consider stopping by again.It's solid dim sum for Center City West but I would say that the price is much higher than what you would pay anywhere in Chinatown for comparable if not better quality.  However, if yu are at Penn, this is a good option close by.  I would pick the Shanghainese options vs. Cantonese as those are slightly better/more differentiated.
Some highlights:
1. pork soup dumplings: solid but pretty standard
2. scallion pancakes: a bit on the greasy side and the dough is slightly dense but not bad.  the minced beef gave it a nice twist
3. dan dan noodles: same solid version as Jane G's.  
4. turnip cake: pretty standard but the shell was not as crispy as I would have preferred
5. Shanghai shumai: just meh - I am from Shanghai and these were just passable.  But I have high standards for these - FYI.
The ambiance and seating are nicer than Chinatown but they limit the number of menus at each table and I love the instant gratification of a cart (that's just me).  It's okay but only if you live close by and don't want to trek to Chinatown for bigger portions and instant gratification at 50-70% of the price.This is some really great dim sum. Prices are a little higher than you might find in Chinatown, but the atmosphere is nice and service is great. Drinks are also fantastic! Tried a few of the cocktails and each one was better than the last. Food-wise, everything was tasty. We got the beef scallion pancake, extra spicy soup dumplings, shrimp and chive dumplings, turnip cakes, and some sesame balls to-go. The standout was definitely the beef scallion pancake, I would order this every single time. The extra spicy soup dumplings were FIRE, definitely not for everyone, but get them if you like it hot! Like I said, the only flaw is the slightly higher price point, so it wouldn't necessarily be a go-to, but it's a great upscale dim sum option. Don't forget the drinks!Dim sum here is incredible! Solid beer/wine selections & their cocktails are fantastic. Highly recommend the appetizers to share & dim sum w/ soup, but give it a few minutes to cool down!Pretty decent dim sum place if you don't want to go all the way to Chinatown for your soup dumpling fix. It's on the second floor, and I think there is an elevator available. 
Once inside, it's really roomy and there's plenty of seating. There are tables and booths. There's a circular booth that looks big enough for big groups. Decor is also really nice with plants everywhere. There's also a really nice bar and a red pool/billiards table. 
We were placed at one of the booths which had a pretty alright view of the city. The water they gave us tasted unpleasant which was disappointing but not unexpected because it was probably straight tap water (mineral and metal taste). The tea tasted like the typical tea that is served in dimsum places. 
We ordered the soup dumplings ($6.50/6 dumplings) and beef scallion pancakes ($7.25)! Soup dumplings came with vinegar. No dumpling sauce like other reviewers have said. But there is some type of sweet vinegary sauce available (doesn't taste as good as other places tho). 
Soup dumplings were mediocre but the beef scallion pancake tasted amazing. I recommend that over the soup dumplings. It also is definitely more pricey than Chinatown dimsum. Service was good but we were the only ones there at the time (3PM).Awesome addition to University City as dim sum was virtually non-existent in the area. The pork soup dumplings were the real deal, and not too expensive for u-city prices. The only item on the menu we weren't a fan of was the scallion pancakes: very thin and oily. Overall, very very solid food and the prices could be less expensive, but for the quality of the food, the service, and the elegant decor it's very fair.Good casual dim sum.  Love the shrimp xiu mai.  The mushroom and bok choi was also outstanding.  The pad Thai was excellent.  Scallion pancakes were xtra crispy.  The kidney ceviche was surprisingly tasty!Pork Soup Dumplings - 7/10
Shanghai Sticky Rice Siu Mai - 4/10 
Shrimp & Chive Dumplings - 10/10
Hot & Sour Soup - 8/10
Dan Dan Noodles - 8/10I didn't expect much from this dim sum in University City, but was really surprised! The soup dumplings were great, scallion pancake and dan dan noodles were definitely above average, and the cocktails were really good! Can get pretty crowded on weekends, so be prepared to wait a bit.I've never tried buns before and I'm glad I did.  They are so scrumptious, light and fluffy, filled with veggies.  The scallion pancakes were delicious, so fresh,  soft and delicate; you can tell everything is made by hand with fresh ingredients.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  They have a very good bar menu with a good variation of unique beers and they also have a nice cocktail menu. I got a chocolate stout that was very good.  The restaurant is so clean, warm, and comfortable so you can eat in peace.  They even have a pool table if you want to play.  We also ordered the Chinese broccoli which was so fresh, seasoned and cooked perfectly. My friend ordered the beef scallion cake which was stuffed full of beef.  He also got the meat dumplings that looked delish.  I'm going back soon!Went here for lunch with a group of co-workers and was happily surprised to find such a nice restaurant in the University City area. The restaurant is located on the second-floor, tucked behind two huge doors, which gives it a nice secluded feeling. You can tell that the owners put down some serious money on the interior design, with leather seating and detailing on the floors.
The food was good and well-priced, just what we wanted for a group lunch. We were able to share roughly 10 dim sum plates between us for only $70. I ordered the Cantonese pork buns and my colleagues got the soup dumplings, chicken curry dumplings, shrimp shumai, and scallion pancakes. We were all very impressed with the quality of the dim sum, especially since it was some of my colleagues first time trying this cuisine. All of us agreed that we will be back soon.The food was very good and this was my 4th time here in a year. But the service made me wanted to give them a ZERO star. On a Saturday night without reservation, it took them less than 15 minutes and we were very happy with the hostesses. 
Then came the server, he looked like he just woke up 5 minutes ago. He forgot to bring us pretty much half the things that I ordered and water. It was only 6pm and I was wondering if he was already drunk. But then realized he wasn't drunk, he was just stoned. He was eating something every time he was going to the server station. Very unhygienic and unappetizing. 
Food: we ordered the shrimp dumpling and it was excellent. We ordered a second one for my 4 year old because she loved it so much. The other server took the second order and brought it promptly. 
We ordered the spicy shrimp dumpling and my husband loved it, but I thought it took over the nice shrimp taste and it wasn't my cup of tea. 
We always order the scallion pancake and it was crispy, hot and very nice flavor. A must order with kids and adult.
The duck was crispy and the sauce was a sweet sauce that all of us loved and dunked our other stuff in it. Wish the rice was there before we finished the duck. 
Tea was good and he brought us our check without inquiring if we wanted any dessert, so we just went to another place for dessert. 
I will probably come back but definitely running if I get him again. I was looking for the manager but my 4 year old was getting agitated because she couldn't drink water, didn't get her rice or scallion pancake on time.  He never brought her water or the straw. We got a straw from another server after we were almost done eating. She also loves rice which also came so late that she wasn't hungry anymore. On second thought maybe we will find another dim sum place in the city.Great service, food was on point! Nice resturant setup, sleek, modern, has bar and pool table. Will return for Sure! It's nice that you don't have to drive into Center City for decent Asian Food. I recommend the chicken dumplings plus hot and sour soup.Trendy, intimate restaurant with a delicious dim sum menu. The food is a bit pricier than what you would expect at a restaurant in Chinatown, but for the quality and location and the late hours, I thought it to be a worthy sacrifice. The scallion pancakes were great, and the pork belly with mustard greens were on point. The turnip cakes were okay -- could have been a bit crispier, but still good.My hubby and I stopped in a late dinner on a Wednesday night. Nice environment. Chill atmosphere. I like that we can order fresh dim sum late night as we usually eat late dinners.
We ordered a bunch of items:
Crabs and pork soup dumpling*
Pork siu mai
Shrimp dumpling *
Turnip cake*
Beef tripe
Stuffed eggplant with shrimp 
Mushroom bol choi*
Singapore mei fun
Pork bao bun
Egg tart
*favorites
Yes, we were hungry and everything was pretty delicious!
The staff were also very friendly and sweet!! Would definitely come back!Love the food. Get the spicy soup dumplings. All the food is great. The service is spotty. Some servers are better while others just take their time getting anything done. Bartender is usually great.Dim Sum?? The name says it all. You will be playing quite a sum for this place. My group ordered the pork soup dumplings, another type of dumplings, pork spare ribs, sticky rice, and bok choy. It was around $45 with tip included. All of the dishes tasted relatively good compared to the other Dim Sum spots I have been but just on a more price side and some dishes serve smaller quantities like the soup dumplings.
One of my friends who are with us said "I can eat all the food myself". Most of the members in the group could still eat. The service was more nice than traditional style dim sum eating but I don't know if they are competent. Granted, people make mistakes but after we ordered, we played a round of people, which was literally four feet away from our dining table. 
The server thought we must have left and threw away our food. The food was then rushed to be cooked and the manager took a 10% discount off of our meal , which was nice. I did wish it lived up to more of my expectations with price and quantity wise. 
Overall, nice spot to chill with friends or take someone on a date but a little pricey and not so filling.this place doesn't suck. usually the further from china town, the easier you can bs n call yourself chinese food and in particular, dim sum. the food is pretty solid. you can skip the fried XLB (xiao long bao) unless you enjoy holding L's. The restaurant itself is pretty big and seems more like a converted bar than a dim sum joint but its fine. It doesnt have the authentic getting yelled at by old asian woman, carts carousel-ing around , n that one old grandmoms walking up n taking the hot shumai's from carts b4 they get to your table. But its still pretty buenoCame here with my family for Dim Sum. Didn't realize how big this place is. Was seated in 10 minutes for a table of 7. Their Dim Sum is yummy. I enjoyed it a lot. Cocktails were delicious as well. Our waiter was super chill and nice. My favorite is their chicken feet and sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf. Definitely will be back.Totally loved this place...this was my first time and when I walked in I just had a good feeling! Food was great, portions were really good, prices are good...I think it's definitely best to go with a friend or 2 and everybody just order and share everything. Food comes out really fast...I mean we sat down, ordered a drink started talking to my cousin and Imaybe like less than 10 mins later the main courses of our 3 course meal was on the table!!! Will definitely be coming back!Friendly informed bartender 
Small but fine draft beer selection
Very good dim sum     Spare ribs on black bean sauce needs to simmer longerWent there for spicy shrimp dumplings! Man, that was sooooooooooo spicy, my mouth was burning!!!!!!! This is not pleasant hot, and they had no ice cream for serving.....I and my friends call them the "Gang of Three."  They are three Asian women who have transformed Asian cooking in Philadelphia - Susanna Foo, Margaret Kuo, and Jane G.  While Susanna Foo's restaurant 'SuGa' remains my top pick of the fine restaurants created by these creative women, Jane G. has opened a wonderful new restaurant in University City called Dim Sum House.  This bar and eatery is just what University City needed.  It's an attractive space (much larger than it first appears) containing an attractive bar replete with pool table to one side and fine-looking dining rooms in the other direction.  The food is great.  The dining experience begins with a flavorful tea served in a very pretty Chinese ceramic pot. I then ordered the Chinese turnip (radish) cakes with hoisin sauce as a starter and a very tasty long hots and beef as my main course. Now I mention 'courses' but that was where the only glitch of the evening came as both dishes came out simultaneously even though I was clear I wanted one first and the other one afterwards. Oh well - it wasn't the end of the world but the kitchen should do better on timing.  The waiter James was very friendly and competent - indeed everyone who worked here was smiling.  Jane G. has hit a homerun with Dim Sum House and opened the best Chinese Restaurant in University City.  Get your reservation now!The service was great. The dim sum was great except for a vegetable spring roll that tasted oily. Also try the sake sangria. It has an unusual fruit taste but really good. Despite the oily spring roll I still have it a five star because it was such a pleasant and tasty meal.Just like Jane G's, Dim Sum House is an awesome restaurant that can deliver a spectacular dim sum experience for all types of groups. I have already been here for a few times, including grand opening, and it's by far, a fairly good place for having cantonese/shanghainese dim sum, getting a drink (they have a very unique, appealing selection), and playing a game of pool. 
For first timers, I recommend getting the pork & shrimp siumai, beef scallion pancakes and soup dumplings (spicy/non-spicy). They are juicy (literally) and different from a lot of the typical Asian cuisine restaurants in Philadelphia. Food came out in an orderly, quick manner (from appetizers to entrees.). Although this is only the second week after grand opening, the service here is actually not bad. If you don't know what you want, I recommend asking Kevin (the waiter) for recommendations. If you want savory, sweet, or spicy, he knows what you should get. Feeling beer, cocktail, or wine? He knows what you want. 
If you are ever in the Philadelphia's University City Area, I recommend you stopping by and having the Dim Sum House experience that I have gone through!Very good spot near campus for a quick lunch.  The soup dumplings were very good, as well as the vegetable bao buns. At lunchtime it was quite empty but the space is very large.  The service was excellent and would definitely return for a decent meal any time.I almost hate writing this review because more people will find out about this gem.  The food was awesome!  I highly recommend the soup dumplings and spicy beef pancakes.  This place is super hip and was busy late on a Saturday afternoon.  I will definitely be backWent there for Date Night on a Thursday, and just missed the Happy Hour but decided to stay for dinner anyway.  Draft beer selections were not numerous, but the IPA was tasty enough; my partner got a can off the longer list of cans and bottles.  We enjoyed the pork soup dumplings, especially nice on a cold night, and also had sticky rice shumai and roast pork with mustard greens, both of which were just ok.  The background music was very nice, not too loud, instrumentals to my taste, so all in all we had a nice time on a cold night.I had such high expectations for this place and such a let down that it was so mediocre.
Most of our dumplings were cold and not hot, we asked them to heat it up. I know they microwaved it, looked all shriveled up.
The beef chow fun was probably the best dish I had here so I'd definitely recommend that.
The pork belly was soggy and very salty. Definitely regret ordering itMy husband and I recently had dinner at Dim Sum House before a concert at World Cafe Live. We liked the food, decor and vibe. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the food was yummy. We had Pork Soup Dumplings, Beef Scallion Pancakes, Wontons in Chili Oil, Spring Rolls, Hot & Sour Soup and Shanghai Bok Choi. It was WAY too much food, but we enjoyed everything!Went there for a private event and the food and place was amazing. Can't wait to go back and try their other stuff. Must try their ribs and soup dumplings.Came here twice. Once with my husband and once with my cousin. Great late night place. The food comes out quickly and tastes fresh and really good. Very relaxed atmosphere. I could definite see coming back this place with a group of friendsMy second experience here was much better than my first! I went with a bunch of my coworkers and ordered an array of dim sum along with a couple of traditional dishes. We ordered a bunch of soup dumplings which were very good, as well as turnip cakes, the spicy shrimp dumpling, the chive and pork dumpling, garlic sauce eggplant, a pork and greens dish, etc. Everything was quite good and the service was great. The food came out quickly and the atmosphere was very welcoming.Subpar & expensive.
Really excited to have a dim sum place on campus but this one is not authentic at all. It's much more like a Han Dynasty, except much worse.I still think about their dim sum... the texture and taste were all spot-on. I've had xiao long bao from Din Tai Fung (Michelin-rated) and this place gives them a run for their money. Their xiao long bao has a really nice ginger taste to the broth that I haven't experienced elsewhere. Dim Sum House is not your traditional a la carte dim sum place- it has a modern feel and is menu order only. Fortunately the menu has nice pictures of every dish!Came in on Sat for dinner. We had to wait 30min to be seated. Friendly staff and interior is decorated nicely. Food was all good. Soup dumplings were excellent.So yummy, the soup dumplings are especially fantastic and the pan fried beef dumplings are a flavor bomb... the green beans are also great. Cocktails have been hot or miss, but that's about taste I think. I only wish they would hurry up and do home delivery!I've bend there several times before and I have to admit that their food was pretty. BUT this time went there at 11:30pm and it was noisy as hell. The shrimp and pork siu mai was not fully cooked. It was pork, not beef, man! The waiters didn't do their job either, very slow in everything. One item was canceled because sold out, but the waiter didn't subtract the total amount. Very unpleasant experience. If you want to train on your patient and risk on uncooked food, do go.Customer service is awful. I ordered food through Grubhub and they forgot half my food. I called and I spoke with someone that seemed like she could care less about my issue. She stated that they forgot to place the rice in the bag and that I have to reorder thru Grubhub. I'm like it's not Grubhub fault that y'all forgot to place the food in the bag. I asked to speak with a assistant manager and he said that he will personally deliver it to us. I wish they would have better service because I had to have half my food cold.Totally passable dim sum option for the University City area. It's no Chinatown, but their hours are accommodating, service is good, their soup dumplings are decent and the shrimp and chive ones are fantastic. I've been served lukewarm egg tarts here before though--for dessert I'd go with the custard buns instead.I really wanted to try this place but I couldn't even be seated. Despite having a reservation for 7pm I arrived and at 7:40 the receptionist and waiting area were frazzled. Unfortunately, we had to leave before trying anything. I will come again but only because I'd like to try the menu, the serviceI enjoyed the spicy shrimp dumplings although it might be hot for the faint of heart. The eggplant dish was excellent.Although it's a little on the greasy side. The goal is for the Chinese scallion pancakes and the chicken dry pot.
Split an entrée is plenty for two people you won't leave feeling hungry :-)Husband and I came here at 10:30pm on a Saturday for some late night snacking but not expecting too much because we are snobs who always prefer the real thing in Asia. But we were pleasantly surprised that the soup dumpling was on par with the some of the ones you get in Asia. Not only was the dumpling skin super thin and delicate, which is how it's supposed to be done, each dumpling was filled with delicious pork broth. The flavor of the pork was just right and not overly seasoned. We also got the crystal shrimp dumplings which were amazing and filled with fat pieces of shrimp. The BBQ pork bun was ok. The pork didn't have enough flavor and was not as tender as I had hoped for. I prefer ones that melt in your mouth.
Unfortunately, we had already eaten dinner before going there so we were too stuffed to order more food. Next time when we come back to Philly we will definitely try the spicy soup dumplings and some other dishes that look very promising.
Some other pluses were that the service was excellent (servers were attentive and friendly), and it seems like many people were there for the drinks but no one was annoyingly drunk.
Highly recommend it. We will be back!Just went there for the second time. So so good and happy to have this delicious option within walking distance from work. Must try the spicy soup dumplings.One of my best memories of graduate school is sitting down with 3 of my good friends for a lazy late lunch at this spot. Just far enough from the Penn campus to feel like you're getting away, but not far enough to be an actual trek. We came around 1pm, so we beat the usual lunch hour rush. 
The extensive menu of classic Chinese dishes don family style is perfect for alleviating Chinese food cravings, and the flavors are truly authentic and well done. The restaurant atmosphere is upscale with reasonable prices.
I'd highly recommend the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) with crab.Best dumplings and Shumai I ever had. Owned by Jane G. Great spot. Big space, bar, also has a pool table.  See Dave at the bar. Great guy.clean, modern decor with trendy music playing. fast and friendly wait staff, very attentive. we tried a couple different dim sum plates and the best were the veggie spring rolls and spicy shrimp dumplings (very hot yet flavorful). probably the best dim sum outside of chinatownEhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. What a strongly resounding meh of a restaurant. It hits all the classic hallmarks of niche ethnic food repackaged for a predominantly Western audience. For context, I came here for dim sum during Sunday lunchtime and split a selection of dishes from both the Cantonese and Shanghainese dim sum selections.
Overpriced? Check. Everything is marked up about 50% over any other Chinatown dim sum joint.
Overly greasy? Check. The scallion pancakes were browned and shimmery with grease.
Kitschy Asian/modernist fusion decor? Check. Check. Check. Alright, this is more a personal pet peeve, but still. No points deducted for this.
So, positives. The food, besides the scallion pancakes, was fine. Not amazing, but definitely fine. Nothing I had was noticeably bad or good. The tea was good, I'm not going to lie. Definitely load up on the tea if you come here. 
Minor pet peeve: we got one menu between two people and we asked our waiter if we could keep it in case we wanted to order more and he was just like "nah". Oooookay? 
Now for the ultimate pet peeve: when you order soup dumplings, you get a little platter of sauce. The platter they gave us was too small to fit the spoon you use to carry the soup dumplings around, so the only way to get the dumpling and the sauce in the same bite was to pick it up and pour it onto your spoon. What on Earth?? 
Final verdict, if you don't care about price and you need dim sum NOW, Dim Sum House is fine. It's definitely not worth a trip unless you place a strong priority on minimalist furniture and what are probably higher sanitation standards than other Chinatown places. 2/5.Came here for lunch since I was visiting someone at the Penn Hospital. Heard great things about this place but didn't live up to the hype. 
Ordered a lunch special and a soup dumpling separately. $12 for a small bowl of soup and 1/3 portion of an entree plus a side of rice. I ordered the hot and sour hot and I immediately regret it after 1 spoonful of it. It tasted like warm hot oil water. It was bright orange in color when a traditional hot and sour soup is soy sauce based and should be more like a brown color. It was just awful! For the entree, I ordered the double cooked pork. Pork was way too salty...I'm still drinking water an hour later trying to rinse out the salt. You see a lot more leek than pork. Egg fried rice was the only acceptable part of the meal. Soup dumpling's skin was quite thick but the flavor was good.
Quite disappointing meal.Delicious food. The pan-fried soup dumplings are amazing, as is the pork belly. Will definitely be back!This is a hidden gem. Came here for lunch, the food comes out as fast as my drink (super quick). Staff helps one another out which kind of creates a welcoming atmosphere. Music us hip and not dated or outplayed radio jams. 
In terms of dim sum, it's one of the better dumpling places I've been too. It's more "authentic" than "adventurous" like bing bing dim sum. 
Drinks are well made (I had the "shapeless... like water" sangria) although their beer selection is sparse (4 drafts, 10 bottles/cans, 4 large format crafts). So it had me wanting more in terms of selecrion which is why I opted for a cocktail instead. It wasn't my first choice. But I was not disappointed. I would definitely go back for sure when I'm in the neighborhood. 
Things to order:
Veggie dumplings 
Pan fried beef dumplings
Chili oil wontons
^ all of those are so dang good! 
I hope this review helps anyone who is on the fence of trying someplace new. If you are, live a little and try it out. You won't regret it. :)Pros:
-You can get a text when your table is ready. You don't have to wait around the front
-Food is amazing. One of the best soup dumplings I've had. Other dishes such as the pork belly w mustard greens was also an excellent dish
-Food gets served fast
Cons:
-Premium prices due to location, $30+ per person
-The sticky rice in banana leaf, honey walnut shrimp, short ribs were okay
-Small washroom
-Servers disappear after the food gets servedJust left DIm Sum House's food was amazing but better than the excellent food and beautiful restaurant was David the "Star Tender".   It's so refreshing to find someone at work who is positive, knowledgeable, handsome, friendly and professional. After a long day at work DIm Sum & David  is just what the Dr ordered !!!!! I have to mention that although David was my star tender the additional staff and patrons are all that!!! Stellar job to whoever picked this crew!!!!!!    Get yourself to DIm Sum for atmospheres and a wonderful experience!!!!The ambiance is great, and food was ok.  I will say the quality of the ingredients was pretty good.  They are a little pricier than china town.  We did try all the soup dumplings and many other dishes.  The portions were good .  I would certainly come back again.  :)Yes. Just go here. Don't even look at pictures anymore because they don't do the food justice.
Waited for 15 minutes on a Friday night to be seated. Immediately got a pot of tea (which was great btw, not too hot, not too herb-y and bitter). The menu has tons of food if you're not into just dim sum. We ordered pork buns, chicken feet (holy moly those babies were huge), the shrimp noodle thing that everyone likes, spicy xlb, rice in the leaf (which only comes in one btw but if you're going with another person you can easily split it), and the pork belly bao buns. All were bomb. I wasn't a big fan of the pork belly bc it felt a little too fatty for me, but my boyfriend enjoyed it. We didn't think we'd finish it all because it was all served at once, but it was delicious. 
The place was packed, but there's a lot of room. Bathrooms were clean as well. Customer service was great; even if there was a full house, there was always someone asking us if we needed anything.
Just go. You won't regret it. If you do, I'll eat your left over dim sum.Spicy fish was too salty. Asked the waitress to remake it and all they did was wash the same order and remade the dish with the salty fish. 
Besides that, over all the food, service and decor was great!Awesome late night place. It's the only thing open after I get off work that's  near work. The prices are a little high but that's common for that part of the city.  But doesn't stop me from going back.This place is just plain bad! When you can't execute simple dishes yet find a way be overpriced...well, that takes skill! The soup dumplings had no soup inside...the scallion pancake is mostly undercooked dough...and the curry chicken dumplings? Just why??? I suggest you go to a place that can actually make you a decent dumpling...fried or steamed and actually offers the items that won't be an 'adventure' with each order.Went for lunch with colleagues and would definitely return for lunch or happy hour. Excellent food at reasonable prices - a fun addition to University City.Great service awesome dishes! 
We unlocked the secret menu: Beef and white turnip 
They are doing the best to offer better services.My new favorite dim sum place in Philly! All of our dishes - shrimp dumplings, eggplant, soup dumplings - were tasted and were well flavored..delicious. I also tried the sake sangria; this too was also tasty. Looking forward to coming here again to try other dishesDelicious food and quick service !! I loved it , the flavour like you are in Shanghai , my favorites are pork soup dumpling , beef pancake, shrimp siu mai and house fried rice ...! Highly recommended!!!!Beautiful restaurant, good food - especially loved the Hot & Sour soup!So I hadn't had Chinese in over a year and I was craving shrimp mei fun and was excited this place had it. I went with the shrimp and chicken mei fun and it was extremely underwhelming and totally disappointing. I've had this dish at many other places and never has it been this spicy. I don't really like any heat or fire in my food like others so this really ruined it for me bc I couldn't taste anything but spice and heat. The one thing that impressed me was them actually taking the time to clean and de-vein the small shrimp they use because most places don't go the extra mile to do that when they are so small. I mean who wants to eat shrimp poop? However the chicken in the dish tasted rubbery and possibly some pieces undercooked so that was highly disappointing and I probably won't be returning especially since they don't have duck sauce. I may not be traditional but I know what I like to eat.After having a very bad experience at Dim Sum House on 6/6/17, the owner contact me on Yelp the same day. He asked me to call him on his personal cell phone. He was apologetic, thoughtful and very concerned about how I was doing, which I greatly appreciated it. He was very professional and he was not defensive. He offered to pay for my dry cleaning and a visit to my hair salon, which I accepted. As I mentioned in my previous review, the food is good, I'm a fan of the owner because his customer service was great, but I'm not sure I'll be returning.Great food and atmosphere with great service. Legitimate dim sum dishes. Skeptical and weary at first because of the flashy decor, the dim sum dishes ended up being good without deviating too far from authentic. 
We got:
- the pork and shrimp soup dumplings (good but average and a little sweeter than we are used to), 
- turnip cakes (hefty and filling fried goodness), 
- pork ribs with black beans (bone-in but with a good amount of meat, great standard go-to that was made well), 
- kidney ceviche (great spicy cold dish that was jazzed up nicely, a little on the sour side, but still delicious), 
- durian pastries (great balance to the meal with a little sweet, savory, and creamy), and
- beef scallion pancake (a little untraditional but very tasty and a filling fried goodie).
The tea was a little on the light side, but was okay because the food was very flavorful. 
It is good to eat for two, or for coming with more people so you could order more.Place is an unassuming front on Chestnut Street University city. As soon as I heard a dim sum place was opening up in U City I had to check it out. Parking on a Sunday was a breeze (and free) and there was no wait for a table when I walked in around 5:30. ALREADY AMAZING.  the place is dimly lit, with hip music playing and a great view where the booth tables are. Our server was super friendly and quick to explain items on the menu. He was super attentive despite having other tables and was very open to us putting an order in after we had finished the first round of dim sum. Things to write home about: Wuxi spare ribs. Oh my god. Bomb dot com. Melt in your mouth rib with complex flavors, I wish I'd gotten two orders of this. Also ordered the pork belly with mustard greens with bao. Excellent flavor profile on the mustard green, really cut thru the fatty richness of the pork belly. OF COURSE, we had to get the xiao long bao, soupy dumplings. The skins of the dumplings were super thin, just how I like them, and the soup inside piping hot. Perfect for a cold winter day. Actually, perfect for any damn day. Also got the scallion pancake which was super crispy, although a touch on the greasy side. The egg tarts were also on point, super flakey and creamy on the inside. All in all, excellent place to go. Although this is pricier than dim sum in Chinatown, this place is great to get some delicious dim sum in University City. I will be back to try more of their awesome dishes and can't wait to bring my friends to try this place.I really wanted to love this place. I live in the area and was delighted to find out they had pork soup dumplings. However, the last 2 times I went I got food poisoning (I went back after the first time hoping it was just a fluke). It's very clear they prepare all the food WAY ahead of time and it sits out at room temp for far too long. Many times food has come out barely lukewarm. What a shame, this place had a lot of potential. Food is good, not worth getting terribly sick immediately afterwards though.I've been planning to try out some other dim sum places and since it's a bit easier to access then center city, I figured I'd give it a try.
     My fiancé and I had BBQ pork buns, the pork soup dumplings, crystal shrimp dumplings, pork & chive dumplings, pumpkin cakes, and sticky rice in banana leaves.
     So my favorites from the list were there shrimp dumplings, sticky rice, pork & chive dumplings, and soup buns. Each had good flavor and portion size. I think the BBQ pork buns were fine, nothing particularly different from what you'd expect. The pumpkin cakes were interesting. They had a filling of red bean paste. I felt like the flavor was good, but they were also fairly oily. It was as if they were fried in oil that was too cold because the outside was a bit saturated and greasy.
     Some of the downsides were it's not traditional dim sum with carts which allows a casual pace. If I was with a group of people, I prefer carts. Also, pricing was a little high per plate compared to most places I've been to. Now it does have a nice atmosphere that tries to be a little fancier, but I don't see the price bump for it.
     If you're looking for some ok dim sum without trying to deal with being in the city center, it's fine.The food was good and the service was decent.   Major problem when going with a big crowd.  Pre fix menu but our table had 13 people and we only received enough food for a tasting.  Many on our table discussed where to get a real meal afterwards.  The water tasted funny coming out of those big glass bottles, tasted like it was stored in the basement forever.   We were suppose to have a choice for dessert between 3 items but it came out 30 minutes after our last entree.  They only brought out a few eggtarts and told us they ran out. We ended up splitting them.Delicious vegan jazz. Would def dine again. Blessings to one's taste buds. Nice atmosphere. Weird that they give you the bill as soon as you order.I was disappointed from the start. I was misinformed about the seating as was redirected to go to the hostess to be seated at a table I was already at. Mind you the hostess and the bartender in the beginning had no problem with me and my friend sitting there. On top of that the bus boy was rude as he made it clear that we should have noticed that he was still cleaning the table. His words were " guys don't you see it's a dirty table". The last part was very upsetting and frustrating. My friend and I were asked to get up from our table because they had an under age girl at the bar and they can not have that. We talked to the manager and his superior who explained they wanted to see if we could transition to the bar so that they under age girl and family could have the table. We shared our disappointment slid how they handled this, but still made excuses of how they didn't want the teenage girl at the bar. Would not be back!Came here today for the first time around 1 PM with no reservation. There was no wait for a table, which was nice. Additional bonus was that the menu had pictures of everything, which was great for my friends whom were unfamiliar with typical dim sum food. Did a combination of the Shanghai dim sum and the Cantonese dim sum. Have to admit it was weird ordering dim sum in English. Ordered the: Crab/pork soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, shrimp cheng fen, pork and shrimp siu mai, chicken feet, and the crystal shrimp dumplings. Food came out pretty quickly. My favorites were the beef scallion pancakes and the crab/pork soup dumplings. Everything was great. The only downside is that the food here is a bit more expensive than dim sum in Chinatown, which would be fine if the taste was significantly better. Comparatively, the quality was about the same as places in Chinatown so I don't think it was worth paying the extra few dollars per dish. But overall great experience. Would definitely come back to try something different like their happy hour.I really wanted to like this place, but it was difficult from the very beginning. The hostess didn't know if any tables were available for even two people. We went a few days after grand opening, and they already had a menu shortage despite a half full restaurant.  
The service definitely needs work. We ordered our food and waited patiently. We gave them the benefit of the doubt since it's a new restaurant. After over 30 minutes, another server came to see if we had placed the order, only to find out that our order was never placed by our server. How disappointing!! They tried to make it up to us with complimentary drinks, but the damage had already been done.
The food itself wasn't bad, but obviously overpriced for dim sum. They definitely need a lot of improvement.Kung pow is the best I've ever had here and even if you don't finish it the staff will box it up for you! Great bartending staffI'm not a dim sum expert, but this place is awesome! Server suggestions, Yelp reviews, and a menu with pictures helped us make perfect choices for our group of 6! We ordered a ton of food and only a few crumbs remained on the plates. Enjoyed our specialty cocktails too.Dim Sum House absolutely killed it. At 10 pm on a Sunday, we weren't expecting to find much but this place hit the spot. We got there for the "Late Night" menu, which surprisingly had a lot to offer. The dishes we chose were the Pork Soup Dumplings, Curry Chicken Dumplings, Shrimp Sui Mai, and Dan Dan noodles. Even late at night, everything was absolutely delicious. They're really bringing their A game to the food scene on this side of the city.
The restaurant seems pretty modern and nicely laid out. It even has a pool table! The bar seemed to be lacking in beer options but they seemed to offer a decent wine and cocktail menu. The food was moderately priced compared to similar Chinatown restaurant but it definitely speaks to the quality. 
With the quality of their late night menu, I'm excited to come back and try their dinner menu.  The fact that they're open late and serving A+ food is a huge plus for me.It's a good place to go, good food, professional service, and they do have something for you, if you're a Chinese food fan.  Try their snacks- dim sum( both Shanghai style and Cantonese style are authentic and delicious) .
I went the place with my friend, we tried their vegetable buns ( actually I will say the name should be steamed vege dumplings in China ) , soup dumplings- steamed meat buns ( xiao long bao). Fantastic 
吃了好多。 小笼包还不错， 蔬菜蒸饺也不错 都是新鲜做的， 葱油饼有点薄， 酸辣汤喝不出什么感觉，只是里面豆腐蛮多的。榴莲酥是亮点。虽然一开始没搞懂为什么茶点里把上海的东西加进去，菜单仔细一看就是普通中国早点的葱油饼 蒸饺 煎包这种都归类上海茶点了，有点强词夺理的意思......价格实惠 东西新鲜 给好评了。This is my second time at Dim Sum House and both times the food has been excellent. The reason that I decided to deduct two stars was for my experience the second time.
My friends and I arrived at the Dim Sum House on Monday evening (5/16) for dinner. We requested a place for three guests, preferably a booth. She replied that at the moment there were no booths available. From our position at the stand, we could see that there was a booth that looked unused and asked if it was possible to sit there. She told us that she could not seat us there as it was to be utilized for parties of six. 
Understanding this, we acquiesced and were led to the table that was closest to the hostess stand. We weren't quite comfortable at this table either - it was a bit tight and EXTREMELY close to the hostess stand. After inquiring about another table, we were moved to something more accommodating.
As I mentioned before, we were all very pleased with the food.
I ordered the beef ho fun and roast pork buns, and my friends ordered the Singapore mei fun, authentic fried rice, and two additional shrimp dishes. Absolutely everything was delicious.
Towards the end of our meal, a group of two people (man and woman) comes in and is seated PRECISELY at the SAME booth that we were refused earlier. Soon after, another young man joins them. I remember thinking to myself "surely they must have more people coming". But as I watch, the hostess clears three of the six place settings and no one else ever joins their table. Additionally, there were several other tables left that they could've been seated at. 
The only blatant difference I could see was that my friends and I were Black and these other patrons were white. 
Perhaps there was something else going on that I was unaware of. I'm willing to extend the benefit of the doubt.
We planned to address this as we were leaving, but the hostess was no longer at the stand by the time we left.
I certainly enjoyed the food that evening. But this experience left a bad taste in my and my friend's mouths and I'm not sure if we'll be returning.Philadelphia is replete with superb Asian restaurants: Burmese, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Cambodian, Indonesian, and probably more.  This restaurant, if not the very best, is certainly close to being that:  a jewel in the restaurant scene. The decor is elegant, the restaurant is very tightly organized and run, the service, from many waiters at once, is impeccable, and the food? Divine! I have lived in many cities and eaten dim sum in all of them. None of them compared with this beauty. As an example: the onion pancake here is better then that I had in Taipei. Try it. You'll see.Not sure if I want to come back to this place. Our party of 8 was there last night and service was horrible. (Usually this isn't the case, I guess we were unlucky) So, dinners beware! Our bill came out to be $318, gratuity and tax included. The website states that it's 18% for party of five and more. The bill states 20%. Would have been happy to pay the extra measly 6$ or more, if service was better. This was how BAD service was: took 15 minutes for him to get his act together and get our order, he never checked up on water, never came back to take away plates (sure, we love stacks of staggered used plates up on the table), our second bowl of rice never came (even though it was asked for 3 times), other servers brought out what we asked for immediately, I asked for a plastic container at the end of the night that never came out. Sure, I suppose that he was busy with other tables? But around 10 pm, we were the ONLY people in that room. 
Anywho, I really wanted to talk to the manger that night for this lack of service, but my bf asked for me to let it go and since it was his birthday, I held my tongue. Don't think we will be back anytime soon. I decided to have my bfs birthday dinner here because the last couple of times service was great, so that was worth the extra money and drive to come back....... FOODIES! I suggest YOU SHOULD GO to DIM SUM GARDEN, quicker service and food is cheaper.I was fortunate enough to attend a private event here and was treated to some of the best dim sum in the city. To start off, the look of the restaurant is fantastic. Might be the chicest dim sum restaurant i've been to. You can tell the decor and ambience was set and picked out very meticulously and it all works. 
The food was all great but the 3 dishes in particular that left me wanting more were the scallion pancakes with beef, their soup dumplings and a pork belly dish that was accompanied with a very good brown sauce which i can't remember what it was comprised of. 
Looks like another option has opened up in the city for delicious dim sum. Well worth the trek to UCity, and parking is probably easier to find here than in chinatown.Great food, nice decor and wonderful service from our server,  Kevin!  We ordered the scallion pancakes, shanghai dumplings (a must item for the shanghai dumplings lovers out there)  and vegetarian dumplings (which was very good too).   Also, the sweet cream bun and egg custards were very delicious!   Definitely will be back with my family for Chinese New Year celebration.    Plus, parking is much easier than going into Chinatown.Their spicy soup dumplings are the best fucking dumplings I've ever had. FUCKING A... seriously. Previously my favs were some place my buddy took me in San Fran... all I know, but these are the new champions. 
I had no idea what to get, so I asked their rock-star barkeep... Stella, ella, ella, ella... (look at that shit... she got me singing) to pick me some stuff. She asked a few questions, and did her thing. BTW... her cocktail game is strong. Go there, dine at the bar, and let her woo you with some finely crafted libations. Give her all your money.
Oh, and the hot and sour soup is delightful. The most approachable I've had. It definitely has some heat, but the acidity is a superstar... not in your face... so smoooooth. Good shit.
The decor is swanky leaning... loungy feel, but chill, and the food & drinks deliver. No question a great look over on the west side. Go now... I mean, that's why you're reading this shit... so go.
PS: This isn't the angry old lady pushing the cart around thing. If you're in the mood to get elbowed / yelled at and have scallion dumplings thrown on your table (which is a beautiful thing in its own right) you'll unfortunately find none of that here.I just ordered for for delivery today I'm only taking off one star due to not getting the dipping sauce with my Scallion pancakes, I did not receive forks nor chop sticks! However, the food was absolutely delish!I would've given this restaurant 5 stars. Their food was absolutely delicious. The restaurant is beautiful and setup well. I took away the 5th start for cleanliness. Place was clean but when my pot of tea came out it had dried splashes of brown sauce all over the side of it and my menu had dried up stains all over it. The menu is a sheet of paper. Should've been replaced. Looks bad. 
Other than the tea pot and menu, the food was absolutely delicious and the staff is great. I will definitely be back.I've been here twice now, and I have really enjoyed the food both times. We ordered some dim sum as well as a few larger sides (green beans and chicken lo mein). All of the food was very good, especially the soup dumplings! We also really appreciated that the menu had so many pictures so we knew exactly what we were ordering. The price is also reasonable. Our service both times has been average. During our last meal, the waiter attempted to memorize the order and ended up missing a drink. I think if you do not plan on writing down the order, you need to make sure you get everything exactly right. Otherwise, you are just trying to show off and then disappointing your customers. I recommend that they stick to writing down the orders. Overall, a good place for some dim sum!This one is a hard one for me to call, but I think 3 is fair. 
Dim Sum House is owned by the same group who own Jane Gs, which is one of my favorite Asian restaurants in the city, so maybe I held it to a higher expectations, but I was left a little flat.
Yes the style and decor is sleek and modern, not distracting at all.
For the good, there was some very good, like the shrimp shumai. Freshly and expertly made, with plump shrimp and some pork I believe. A fantastic treat. The chicken feet were unexpectedly good, fried nicely with a sauce that I think could have been hotter or spicier, but still good. The scallion pancake was also good, like an Asian roast beef sandwich. Again, it could have been, the sauce was cold and the meat was warm, I would have done it the other way around.
The rest all just felt bland to me. Soup Dumplings great when hot but gummy as they rested and cooled, no spice to the veggie spring rolls or the fried rice. Just bleh. Left me and the wife missing something or wanting more.
The price was right, but they are smart, got to meet the neighborhood standards, lotsa college kids and young professionals. I don't think I would go back again on my own accord, but if someone really wanted to go who lived out there we could swing it.One of the best soup dumplings I've ever had. I really like the thinness of the skin and that it's about bite-sized. Their other dumplings and dan dan noodles are good. In general, I wouldn't say the food is particularly authentic dim sum, but it is good. Service is sometimes slow when they're busy, but otherwise it's consistently good.I have had dinners here four or five times, and unfortunately the quality of the food is deterioriating. Kung Pao chicken is a must try. I would say beef scallian pancakes, pan fried beef dumplings and shrimp siu mai are usually good. But, pancakes were cold and dumplings were a bit burnt last time, so there is no guarantee you will find good food every time. Hope they do not continue like this and get better.Went the other night.. ordered five different dumplings and weren't even given any sauce for ANY of them... also the Chinese pancake with beef had more scallions than beef... WILL NOT BE BACK!For a dim sum place on the mainland (I from Hawai'i) is really good. Has a urban/hip hop setting. Food is somewhat decently priced and tastes great. Almost feels like a dim sum place in Hawai'i minus all the Chinese people trying to sell you dim sum out of a cart lol!! Plus a full bar and a pool table lol!! Would definitely recommend making a reservation that way you don't have to wait, but even then the wait isn't long.Awesome awesome spicy food and quick service! Definitely get the extra spicy pork dumplings. Only went for dinner but I hear it's fun after hours, they push tables aside and it becomes a fun barFood was really good. Service.. Sucked. Kevin was the worst ever. We had to ask to order, he brought my beer over unopened, ( not that I can't open it myself, but isn't there a rule about serving cans of beer like that?) didn't deliver our food, and never checked on us. Other staff was pretty friendly. But not our server..The only dim sum experiences I've had involved old Chinese ladies pushing creaky carts, stacked with bamboo baskets of juicy XLB and lo mai gai. This one was a bit different to say the least, but Jane G's does Chinese well, and Dim Sum House impressed too. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor of the new HUB, and it reminds me a bit of a bachelor pad - dark leather cushioned booths, an expansive bar, and a billiard table. Now for the food! Our party of 6 started with the snow pea leaves with garlic - vibrant and flavorful, though one order was barely enough for all of us. We also sampled the different soup dumplings: spicy, crabmeat, and pork. All were perfection, especially the spicy which poured out "soup" with a kick. The turnip cakes were prisms of slightly charred turnip and rice flour, and when dipped in the accompanying slightly sweet condiment, this dish was a winner. The Lo Mai Gai (rice wrapped in lotus leaf) arrived steamy and fragrant, but after unwrapping the leaves, I was a bit disappointed at just how glutinous the rice was. Sticky is fine but this was near gelatinous. Nevertheless, juicy pieces of chicken, hidden in the generous portion of rice made up for that. Up next came the chee cheong fun, fresh shrimp rolled in wet sheets of rice noodle, which I satisfyingly slurped two bites after adding a few dabs of chili oil on top. And as a finale, we had sesame buns, a perfect amount of sweetness from the warm red bean filling and starchy and crisp dough. Don't expect this to be a conventional dim sum experience. But the food's authentic, and I'm most definitely returning to try the others!Amazing food and amazing staff! They have really outdone themselves with this spot. I wish I could give ten stars! Seriously -  they have the best scallion pancakes in the city. And the sesame and custard balls are AWESOME!I went here with my boyfriend for lunch, the waitresses were all very friendly and the atmosphere was relaxing. We ordered soup dumplings and a few other entrees. The food was amazing!!! Everything came out pretty fast, the whole time my mouth was watering. I was very impressed because I'm picky when it comes to food especially dim sum. I've been to Bing Bing dum sum last week, and they weren't that great. Dim Sum House is so much better! Our bill wasn't that pricey either. I definitely recommend this place!I love this place! Whenever I come here I'm greeted with a warm welcome from the hostesses and luckily get seated right away.  There are times where this place will have a long wait, but it's well worth it! The restaurant is almost always packed, so I highly recommend making a reservation beforehand.  However, they won't accept your reservation unless it's made 2hrs before the desired time and will offer to just walk in.
My favorite dishes are the spicy shrimp dumplings, dan dan noodles with tofu, scallion pancakes, beef scallion pancakes, pan fried soup dumplings, and their dry pepper chicken.  Their shu mai is huuuuuuge and their egg custard baos are so good.
This place also has a really chill bar and a pool table.  It's a perfect chill bar for late night.  They also offer happy hour from 5-7 Monday through Friday.Our experience at Dim Sum House happened soon after they opened, so I attribute some of my concerns to that fact.
The restaurant was clean, had a nice layout, all of the servers were very nice, and the food was tasty.
I did think the food was overpriced for Dim Sum, and that the quality did not call for prices that were as high as they were.
Our favorites were the honey walnut shrimp, pan fried pork dumplings and sesame balls. I also loved the soup dumplings, but these are not my fave in Philly.
Tea was hot and good, but never got refilled.
Getting water - at all - was a challenge. We had to ask 3 times and while other tables got a full bottle, we were given two small glasses. Upon asking (again, twice), for a refill on our waters, I finally asked if we could just have a bottle. Ask (3 times) and ye shall receive! As anyone who's dined with me knows, water accessibility and attentiveness is a big deal breaker for me.
I just felt like the place hadn't found it's stride yet with its service. The servers weren't communicating and were individually just not following up on things. 
I would be back, but I'm going to give it a few months for them to work out the kinks.Very very good dim sum at reasonable price. Waiters are not that helpful but still a good place. There was a long line, which is a good sign. Soup dumplings great. Good tea.Very modern and well balanced interior and friendly service. Tried a bunch of dumplings. Scallion pancake could have been a bit warmer. Soup dumplings not so easy to handle and broth could be a bit stronger. Some improvement needed. Bit pricy for what you actually get.They usually are on the busy side during Sunday afternoons, which is when I've attempted to get a table there. The first time I tried, my party didn't want to wait. The second time around, we waited for probably around half an hour just sitting at the bar area. In contrast to your traditional dim sum restaurants (steamy and bustling), this place has quite a refined design and was well kept. They even had a pool table! The dim sum here is a bit more on the expensive side but the quality was rather worth it. Some of the notable dishes were their beef shumai (they were proportionally much larger than the ones I'm used to), beef scallion pancake, turnip cake (very crispy on the outside with a smooth textured interior), and sticky rice (packed with savory flavors). The other dishes we had ordered were also very solid. I enjoyed my experience here and would love to come again on occasion!Ordered vegetable dumplings... Which were delicious.  They had shredded ginger in them.   The hot and sour soup tasted more like hot sauce!!!!!!   We can eat spicy food but this is definitely very spicy for soup.one of my favorite dim sum places near penn! i am a fan of the scallion pancakes, and the pork and shrimp soup dumplings. It is a great place to come with many people so you can order many dishes and split amongst each other. The pork and shrimp soup dumplings come hot and   fresh (make sure to pierce a hole and then let the soup ooze out so you don't burn your tongue from the hot soup while eating it!). The service was also very friendly. I am also a big fan of their spicy shrimp dumplings but they may be a bit spicy for people who can't really handle spice. I love eating dimsum here but the prices can be a bit expensive which is one con. However, this is a great dimsum place to come with friends!Very good service, and the dim sum was pretty decent. I was particularly impressed with their spicy soup dumplings--which were spicy enough to be surprising. Good cocktails, too. It was also quiet enough to talk to my dinner date, so that was nice.Beef Stuffed Scallion Pancakes are the best around. 
Not too crowded for a Saturday night and service was on point.I was surprised to find a dim sum place outside Chinatown that exceeded my expectations. Visited Dim Sum House on a frigid weeknight. It's located on the second floor and has a full bar with filled seats. The restaurant offers both table and booth seatings. It was essentially empty, but it was during university break. We had orders of soup dumplings, siu mai, crystal shrimp dumplings and beef ho fun. All tasted delicious. They all tasted great. Soup dumplings were good, not as much soup, but it did allow the dumpling to maintain its form and not leak during handling. Would recommend if you don't feel like going to Chinatown.As Nando so expertly wrote, this place is sexy and hip. It was more sophisticated then I expected.  After walking around University City for a while Dim Sum House was a welcome respite, especially for our tired feet. 
We ordered a bunch of items to share and of course the soup dumplings. The Shrimp and Chive dumplings were really good. The Dan Dan noodles were excellent.  We also liked the sticky rice dumplings. The steamed pork buns didn't do it for us and the soup dumplings were very good but I still like Dim Sum Garden's the best. 
Our food came out fast and our server was very good. Dim Sum House has a decent choice of cocktails and beers, which is nice. I would definitely go back again and look forward to trying some different items.
4 Yelp stars.Okay food, nice bar atmosphere, comfortable dining. I thought the Mapo Tofu was too bland and plain. The chicken dry pot had too high of a ratio of vegetables to meat. They cater more to the university city demographic, meaning higher prices and "Americanized" presentation. Happy Hour is 5-7pm Mon-Fri and shaves about ~$1.50 off regular prices. Drinks menu looks interesting, but I didn't get to try any this time around.
Highlight of the night was the durian cakes. So crispy, buttery, creamy!This place is awesome. It's super convenient to where I live and their dim sum is so good. If you're going for total authenticity then probably go to Chinatown but the taste and consistency here is great. I honestly would have considered 5 stars for the quality of the food, but our server was less than attentive and we got seated in a row of 2 person tables that were about 6" from each other so it was difficult to focus on our own conversation and not the fights the couples on either side of us were having (for real... both couples were in fights...). Which isn't the restaurant's fault, but we were packed in very closely.This seems like a venue whose primary clientele is university students. It would explain the pop trendy decor and atmosphere. Now, this is clearly a reasonable business decision since it is smack dab in the middle of Penn's campus. But the touch of authenticity is lost as a result.
Regardless, we were seated quickly on a weekday evening and were given a menu which is resplendent with mouth-watering photos. Big kudos on making the physical menu a hefty and impressive booklet, albeit one lacking any helpful descriptions about the items it lists. Our group ordered a smattering of dumplings and entrees and generally they were deemed delicious by all. 
Less impressive was the service where we suffered minor mishaps such as never having our water refilled. Maybe we were just paired up with a novice waiter so at least a second round of observations is necessary before drawing conclusions.Authentic Chinese food (both dim sum and Szechuanese food) at a reasonable price. Nice deco. Open until late. Highly recommend Dan Dan Noodles.Just tried it. So far so good. Ordered a safe bet, my personal favorite and it was good with good portion size. This pushes me to experiment next time, keeping my fingers crossed!
The service was super cool and they have a pool table! Will come back real soon to add more stuff in my review!I liked it here.  The servings are nice and small and priced right so you can really try a bunch of things.  I did not know what to order and the bartender was very helpful and patient.  It was pleasant sitting at the bar and reading and ordering a bit at a time.  I'm really not certain what all I ate, but I would try any of it again.Everything was delish )  I live in NY and want to go to Philly asap just to eat there again.Pretty modern Chinese place by campus. Not your traditional dim sum with the carts pushed around - you order from a picture menu and the food is delivered on nice plates. Definitely a bit classier. 
Food was good but not great. Our table of 12 was starving so we finished everything. Dan dan noodles, shrimp & chives dumplings, green onion pancake were the ones that stood out. The turnip cake was burnt and the sauce did not help. 
Would come again but don't think I'd recommend given the other options in the city.Utter disappointment to a canto native. I used to like this restaurant very much but one morning with horrifying sour Shrimp dumpling and ghastly sticky rice is banana leaf destroy my trust. Would hardly consent to coming back again in the future. Go to Chinatown for dim sums. Don't be lazyHad dinner here after reading a news article about the restaurant.
Get the beef scallion pancake.  It's kind of like a sandwich with the scallion pancake acting as the bread, then add beef inside.  We ended up ordering an extra order of it.
As for the soup dumplings, the skins were relatively thin which is a good thing.  All in all the experience was excellent. Servers were constantly checking on our table, food came out quickly, restaurant was very clean and very nice inside.  It's like an upscale Chinatown experience but located in university city which was sorely lacking a good soup dumplings joint.
I'd rank the food as pretty decent and the overall experience as great, no need to drive to Chinatown anymore for soup dumplings!Their incomprehensible house policies enough to ruin a night out.
I called at 11:30am to place a reservation for 11 people at 5:15pm. The person was cheerful on the phone and answered my questions about the happy hour specials and time frame. What she completely neglected to tell me was that an entire half of the restaurant did not allow happy hour and that was where she had placed my group. 
I would assume that if I had called to place a reservation then followed up with happy hour questions, I would want to make use of the happy hour during that dinner but apparently this connection needs to be spelled out.
This is the first time I've experienced a seating-specific happy hour. Within the restaurant, there is a separated dining area and they will refuse to serve you specials. If you want something for the discounted price, you will be told to get up, walk over to the bar, place your order, receive your drink, close your tab at the bar, and then walk back with your drink in hand to sit back down at your table.
Apparently this is to "encourage you to go to the bar." I don't understand why you have to be encouraged to go to the bar if you are already in the restaurant ordering food. 
What's more, when I arrived at 5:15pm, ahead of everyone else in my party, the person up front told me that it's house policy (we heard this phrase a lot throughout the night) to wait until half the party is present before seating anyone. When four more people showed up (hitting five out of the reserved 11), we were told that we had to wait until there were eight of us total. Either their mathematical definition of "half" differs from the rest of the world or these house policies are remarkably fluid on the side of the restaurant. 
Two of our group bailed out last minute (they were the lucky ones) and we were finally able to be seated after waiting for over half an hour. It wasn't until after we were seated that we were told about the happy hour ban. The person seating us also told us that "sometimes your server can make an exception and serve you the happy hour specials at your table." When we asked our server, he instead suggested the above work-around, ordering one drink-by-one drink at the bar. 
So we decided to get up and order a full dinner at the two tall standing-only tables placed in between the bar and the happy hour-allowed seating area. In the span of 40 minutes, 9 of the restaurant staff had to ask us to shuffle aside as they carried steaming hot plates and baskets through. The bartender really did her best to find us seating elsewhere because we were literally walling off the entire area but she wasn't able to until another party left. 
It really sucks to have to move locations three times in the same restaurant. I was so impressed with this place when I went in for just drinks that I sank in the time to coax 8 friends to come here for dinner and this was our experience. I've learned my lesson and will stick to restaurants that know how to handle large groups and don't throw restrictive house policies into the faces of their customers.I came here for happy hour and dinner with a friend who joined me a little later. Long story short, the food and drinks were excellent but the service left a lot to be desired. I wasn't greeted for a good 10 minutes, my order was entered wrong and my server did not introduce himself to me. I'm going to chalk it up to him having a rough day. I do recommend this place as the food and drinks were excellent!This place left much to be desired for. The service was terrible, you have to flag the waiter down if you want anything. The dim sum classics were mediocre and there are much better places in china town. Overall, go to the places with carts.This late night venue caters to a university crowd, with a bar + lounge aesthetic. Located on the second floor, Dim Sum House offers various dim sum all day as well as traditional regional Chinese entrees. 
Came here for the first time to grab some Shanghainese dim sum: the traditional pork soup dumplings and curry chicken dumplings. Neither really stood out as spectacular. I'd recommend the other dim sum places in Chinatown for your dim sum cravings.
Second time around, decided to go with some entrees and do family-style dining. Ordered two proteins and a vegetable plate for dinner and was delighted with our choices: Eggplant in Garlic Sauce, Spicy Wok Tossed Kidney, and Dry Pepper Style Chicken. The eggplant is a safe choice, but always a favorite. DHS did a great job with the seasoning and the eggplant was cooked to the right temperature. Some places end up overcooking eggplant which gives an unpleasant mushy texture. Dry pepper style pairs great with chicken. The chicken was reminiscent of popcorn chicken in texture and a bit light on the salt and spice. Kidney is a more adventurous bite because kidney is really hard to clean and cook well, but DHS did a great job. They were careful not to overcook the kidney because you'll end up with a chalky bite. The sauce had a thicker consistency similar to a duck or plum sauce, but overall satisfying. 
Can see why it is popular among the student crowd and perfect for a late night meal with some cocktails to wind down from the work week or to start the weekend. Will be back for sure.A solid dimsum place but a bit on the pricier end. The Dan Dan noodles and crystal shrimp are pretty good. All their food though is really sweet so doesn't really taste like authentic Chinese cuisine.I love this spot. One of my all time go to restaurants. Things you must get are the soup dumplings, pan fried soup dumplings and Dan Dan noodles. Everything else is good and I never had something I didn't like here yet. Service is always good. This is a must try if your in Philly.I hate going to Chinatown which is always dirty and messy. After moving to Philly for almost a year, finally I found this great dim sum place with authentic food and great dinning environment.  I lived in HK for a couple of years and I know what good dim sum should taste like. This place offers really delicious dishes in good portion and reasonable price at least for the 6 dishes we ordered this time. 
We will be back soon and try some more dishes. 
Yayyyy!So it pains me  to write this review. The ambience and atmosphere is beautiful and the food was good. I could have easily given this place 5 stars solely based on that. However, food and atmosphere does not speak to the experience as a whole when trying something new. The bf and I had a craving for dim sum. Originally we were gonna go to Chinatown, but I did some searching and found Dim Sum House, I was excited because they had a happy hour which for me was a perfect way to try a new place without investing a lot of money in case the meal wasn't enjoyable. We arrived at 5, which was perfect they were empty so we also got a chance to gauge service. We sat at the bar. The bartender was nice, not personable but nice. What initially upset me was the fact he was giving taste tests of our drinks (dipping straws and squirting in their mouths) to other servers right in front of us. I almost got up and walked out, but my bf convinced me otherwise. So as mentioned before we went for Happy hour. The bartender never provided us with a happy hour menu nor did he share any specials with us. I'm not one to sit there and ask what you're offering that's your job. So we continued ordering different dumplings, it wasn't about us not being able to afford the meal but it is the principle of it. As more people continued to fill the restaurant I noticed they were given a different menu, so I asked someone seated next to me and voila HH menu that we weren't offered. My bf did ask about HH drinks, the bartender was very reluctant to share the info. So $130 after tip we left. I was upset, not about spending that type of money, we weren't offered the same service as others. As stated before, everything we ordered was amazing. But I can't in good conscience spend my money. some where that treats me differently. I would rather travel farther to go to Chinatown with average decor and BYOB. What makes this hard is I love Jane G's but since this is part of that organization I won't recommend either place anymoreDim Sum House (the same owner of Jane G's) is decent. 
Their dim sums are good but not spectacular. I always get spicy fish tofu which is good for 2 or 3 people. A nice place to have brunch or dinner.Great for a quick bite or a fun brunch with friends! This place offers a fresh, modern atmosphere to enjoy traditional dim sum and the service is super friendly and nice. It's very clean and they even have a bar! Can easily be full under $15. It's not the best dim sum I've ever had, but it still does the trick. Definitely coming back.This place is literally, yes literally, right next to my boyfriend's apartment. Two steps and we are there. We randomly went when we heard it opened and were completely blown away.
The venue is really nice and my boyfriend's eyes lit up seeing a pool table (which we ended up staying and playing a few rounds with some drinks).
Sat down and because we eat dim sum way too much, we knew the staples of what we wanted, and then some. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, Crab + Pork Soup Dumplings, Shrimp Siu Mai, Crystal Shrimp/Shrimp Dumplings, and Egg Custard Buns. Those are pretty much our absolute favorite things to eat whenever we go for dim sum! All were absolutely superb and very fresh. It is a little more pricey, but the labor and quality makes it worth it. (I've never been one to question prices in a reasonable circumstance because there is a longer cultural and economic explanation behind it.)
The service was fast and efficient, and the staff were very friendly, especially since this was their soft opening. Our waiter made sure we had refills and to check back in with us every now and then! I ordered an Amaretto Sour, but they didn't have the Amaretto yet, so settled on some beer. The boyfriend will drink Sapporo whenever he gets the chance!
There isn't much else to elaborate on, it's a new gem in Old City and I at least don't need to trek out for dim sum as much if I'm feeling lazy! We're already planning on frequenting here in the future.I would give zero stars if possible. Food looked good however we never got ours. It took 10 minutes for a waiter to come to our table after we sat down. We decided to order all the food and drinks at this time. We got our drinks shortly after and that was the last time we saw our waitress. 40 minutes went and the waitress comes by asks us to repeat our order. We left. We may try again. But probably notThis was my 4th visit to Dim Sum. The food is actually good, but i wont' be back. It is infested with mice and the staff doesn't care! While I was eating lunch with my co-workers/friends a mother-effing mouse crawled from the top of the booth onto my shoulder!!! I literally jumped out of my shoes and onto the floor! The response from the staff was minimal. I'm calling the Health Department ASAP and writing the owner, Jackson Fu! Absolutely Disgusting! I dry heaved twice. They're lucky i didn't throw up on the pool table! There would have been a chain reaction in the restaurant. If a mouse comes out during the lunch hour in a full restaurant, the place must be infested.I have been to Dim Sum House a couple of times already and it's always very constant in their flavor, the quality and their service. All the plates I've ordered have always been very good and tasty. I would recommend the pecking duck with bao buns, the green beans (they are outstanding) and a varied selection of the dim sum options. I have also tried the fried rice and the pad Thai and those were also really good. 
I have not tried their cocktails but I hear they are good, but I have tried their beer which I would definitely recommend. 
They also have lunch specials which are very good deals if you are interested in that, but if you go with enough people (about 4-5) you can order from the regular menu and have a nice feast as well. 
The service is very quick especially if you are in a rush, but they are not rushing to to leave it's just very good service. 
I always also have food for left overs the next day.
I am also a fan of Jane Gs and they are very similar in their options, if you are looking for a similar dining experience to Jane Gs in university city this is definitely the place to go.