Ick.  That sums up my experience at Dinardo's in one "word."  Dinardo's gave me that "Ick" vibe the minute I set my foot in the door. THough we were greeted by a very friendly hostess, the place looked like a run down diner on the interior--and it wasn't very clean or charming.  This would have been fine because a lot of times the "run down" places have the best "authentic food," but this was not the case at Dinardo's.  At Dinardo's you do not get what you pay for as the prices are rather high and the food quality is rather low.    Our server hated his life and made snarky, mean comments throughout our time there which, though entertaining, was kind of unwelcome and unpleasant.  My friend had the mussels which were puny and in an unimpressive sauce--unimpressive being the general adjective I would use to describe any given dish my party ordered.  I had a soup which was extremely salty and bland beyond that and the broiled flounder and "seafood imperial" dishes were OK at best. 
I'd say if you're looking for good seafood you'd be better off at any BYOB; little fish, audrey claire, ANYWHERE but Dinardo's.  I don't understand how this place is still in business, to be honest.While I generally support independent restaurants over chain places,I still don't buy into the overpriced center city Phila hype. The place was actually roomier than the south Philly closets we usually take my mother in law for her birthday,but the prices were jaw dropping...quite different from the online menu. The food and portions were ok,and the dessert was something different than the average places. The bus help was a bit out of sync with the waiter,as they were asking us if we were done with our plates just as the waiter was telling us the desserts,and as the Philly standard the bathroom was a bit small to accomodate the size of the place.Thankfully I had a much different, and better, experience than most other yelpers.  While I agree that the prices are steep, quality seafood isn't cheap, so I don't feel that it was out of line. 
Since I don't like working for my food, I skipped the crabs and went for the scallops. For $24 I got 7 nice sized scallops sautéed in lemon butter and a side of pasta.  The scallops were some of the best I've ever tasted. I am of the opinion that $24 was a steal for the quality I received here. 
In addition to excellent food, my martini was well executed and deliciously potent. The service was exceedingly helpful and friendly. I'd definitely recommend a stop in for all those that have passed by before, and for those who may have been less impressed in the past.The decor may be old, but every thing on the menu is great! Definitely a place when you want to fill up, and have a good time with friends.The crab balls was good but the food is over priced and they don't give you enough food.. I won't go back there ever...We went there for dinner on New Year's Eve.  It was an early dinner @4pm because we walked down Race Street at 6pm to catch the early fireworks show.  We had a mixed generation family dinner and they were very accommodating as two family members were in wheelchairs.  Our waitress Cindy was very warm, friendly and did a great job!  Overall everyone loved their food we had calamari appetizers which were good and stuffed mushrooms which were huge and not what we expected.   Entrees we ordered were grilled shrimp, stuffed lobster tails and fried oysters which my Dad really really liked!!!  We also had crab balls for an app which everyone really enjoyed.  Old decor but classic qualify seafood in a non-fussy environment with a warm and friendly staff.There's just something different about the seafood here. Located a short cab ride from Downtown Philly, is DiNardo's. A non-descript, red brick building with a wooden sign swaying in the breeze points to the front entrance of this establishment. The huge crab on their sign hints that maybe you should try the crab. The Blue Claw crabs are flown in everyday from the Gulf Coast. Unlike their cousins in the Chesapeake, these Gulf Coast crabs are "free swimmers", which means bigger crabs and more meat.
Let's look at their raw bar. Clams on the Half Shell are half dozen freshly shucked ice-cold beauties served atop ice accompanied by cocktail sauce and lemon. These clams are sweet with a scent of the sea.  These are the best clams on the half shell I have ever had. The cocktail sauce is the best cocktail sauce I've ever had, sweet with just the right amount of horseradish. Thumbs up with 5 stars!I would have rather put a hundred dollars down the toilet. Terrible food, prices and service.  This place is a joke. I emailed them many times to let them know how our experience was, only to have our emails returned undeliverable again and again. I own a business and I would have wanted to know how it was being run, employees not giving a hoot about the place, it's food or the most important...it's customers. It's a shame. Shame on them.My experience at Dinardo's was not a good one.  My husband had a Groupon and we went with another couple for a nice night out.  When I walked in, the place was dated and dingy.  My husband called ahead of time to make reservations and to order jumbo or large crabs, whichever they had that night.  He was told he could get 3 jumbo's and 5 large which was fine.  When they came out they were so small.   The 3 "jumbo" were in garlic and it was too overpowering!!  The old bay "large" crabs were dry inside.  The hostess tried to share her "knowledge" on how all crabs are #1 and they are weighed and that's how they determine large and jumbo crabs.  We just laughed and listened.  She had no idea about crabs.  We all crabbed and ate crabs since we were little children.  Grew up with them and know the difference.  My friend and I got the jumbo lump crab cake with mushy broccoli.  The cake was ok but it wasn't worth the price.  In all it was a lousy dinner and when the bill came we were lost for words.  Small crabs, a crab nacho appetizer that I believe they just waved the crab over it, since there were a few pieces here and there and crab cakes that were lukewarm.  It was a hugely disappointing dinner experience, however, the company was good and we made the best of it.  Save your money and pass on this poor excuse for a seafood restaurant!!I think I was expecting something a little more upscale at DiNardo's but it didn't really hold up.  The place was too bright for a good date night spot and the decorations (including the placemats) were hokey.  The food was all right, the wait staff was FANTASTIC (the sole reason to go is the staff, honestly). Their platters come with insanely salty fries and a few strings of green.  Clams casino were all right but each clam was small so you don't get a nice flavor.  I was disappointed.  In short, this place is not terrible, but I won't be going back any time soon.I went here with a group of friends during Restaurant Week and it was the complete opposite from what we were expecting. We heard that it was the best crab in Philadelphia, so why wouldn't we want to try it? As one of the guys put it, we felt like we were at "Bingo Night" as soon as we walked in. No big deal tho, we had an 8pm reservation and the nine of us arrived about ten minutes early, knowing we would most likely have to wait a little. Nothing prepared us for the 45 minutes of waiting that we ended up standing through. The boys were fine, they went to the bar and made friends with what seemed to be like a regular crowd. When we were finally seated and all decided on our dishes (thank goodness), our server began The Countdown. I have never experienced this before but with every course or round of drinks he would come over and tell us "Okay guys, about 7 more minutes" then return a few minutes later and say "Alright well we have about 3 more minutes left" and as annoying as it was, he made us all laugh. So it was fine. I ordered the RW special that was salmon stuffed with a crab cake, and it was okay. I would have been fine if the food were on par with a 45 minute wait but it just was not worth it. The best part of the entire experience was the store bought chocolate cake we had for dessert, as they vacuumed around us.Went because we had a Groupon, wouldnt go back again. Granted there was a large table next to us (8 or 9) but we had put our order in before they sat, took over 20 minutes for our appetizers to come out, drinks were never brought to the table nor was bread. Had to ask for silverware and plates to eat the appetizer. We order their special app which consisted of 3 oysters and 4 clams, which were very fresh. The shrimp cocktail that came out was not.
I ordered their seafood platter which was 3 shrimp flounder and a cluster of crab legs. Would have been better if the crab legs werent water logged, the shell had no crispness to it. I honestly opened each leg by tearing the shell like paper.
My wife ordered the softshell crabs which were delicious, but we couldnt finish them because our dishes were cleared.
Total bill came out to 102.00 not worth the wait or the foodMade reservations and came to Dinardo's before walking to a performance at the Arden Theatre.  Walked in a bit just before 6:00 PM and were seated at once, not before engaging the bartender in conversation that resulted in a delicious Mojito.  We advised the Maitre D' that we had an 8 PM theatre function and they took pains to ensure we walked out on time.  
After a delicious plate of Calamari, I enjoyed a broiled seafood melange and my partner had the surf and turf.  Both were absolutely awesome.  We washed it down with a superb Pinor Noir.
Casual, pleasant, with good food and superb service.My parents used to love this place around 15 years ago and they hadn't been back since. My dad requested we go here for his birthday. We had a reservation for 5:30, the place was empty. My parents remembered it being hard to even get a table at 5. Things have obviously changed. We started with oysters and clam, crab balls, and clams casino. The appetizers were decent. It took two times of asking the waitress for a refill on my soda for it to be brought. You also have to ask for oyster crackers. I order the fried scallops for dinner, and was I disappointed. I assumed they would be full sized, but instead they seem to be cut in half to decrease the volume. The waitress brought me a new order when I addressed the problem, and they were exactly the same. I ended up with broiled scallops. They were alright. The rest of my family agreed that the dinner was just alright. For the price you would expect something more.Blue Claws can be pricey but phenomenal. Stick with the larges i/o jumbo, sizes very close and save some $. Great with fries and beer. I've never had anything but those 3 things so couldn't tell you much else but worth the visit if you're looking for crabs in Philly.If your interested in spending money on awful,bland and tasteless food this is the place to go. Service is mediocre at best. Furthermore, this place looks like it was designed by a fourth grade boy with a love for fishing. Definitely two thumbs way dowWent to philly on a vacation and discovered this place. Great service, good food, and excellent cheesecake options for dessert . Highly recommend the snow crabs and the mussels along with the crab- filled flounder 
Will return soonHoly skimpy crabs Batman!  This is my first review and felt compelled to write about my dismay at this so-called crab eatery.  Ordered 3  " jumbos " and was met instead with 3 pipsqueak blue crabs. It may not be crab season in the region but I thought I read in another review that they fly in their crabs from other parts of the US.  Not so, it seems.  I was sadly disappointed and will keep my crab adventures to MD and DC where they belong.If you want atmosphere, go somewhere else.
I had dinner there other night for the first time, after having lived across the street from them for over a year. Their crab soup is *Simply Amazing*.Mike was a 5 star server. 
Food tastes good. Not 5 star, but tasty!
Interior is slightly dated. Carpet definitely needs to be replaced. Red paint chipping on the walls. They'd definitely benefit from an upgrade.My boyfriend and I went to dinner there on a Thursday night. I had looked at the Yelp reviews prior to coming, but maintained optimistic despite the mixed reviews. First and foremost - the service was fantastic. Our waiter was quick at getting our drinks and was very friendly. The owner had made her way around to our table a few times asking how we were which I liked. However, the food was not close to what I expected and we left extremely disappointed. We got the fried crab balls as an appetizer and they were OK at best. We got the Jumbo Lump Crab to share... and when we got it - it could have easily been an appetizer. There was nothing "jumbo" about the meat and the portion was extremely small for a $25 entree meal. Overall, the service was great but the food was lacking.Not good at all ... Ate there 2 weeks ago on Sunday ... Ordered 2 pounds of Alaskan king crab .. $60 per pound and there were disgusting and freezer burned ... We also ordered a bunch or other seafood ... Blue crabs ... Snow crab... Bill was just as much as eating at Barclay prime ... And we had no drinks !!! I will never eat there again ... Even if it were free ... I would not go back ...People are hard on Dinardo's for the decor but we didn't go last night for decor... we went for blue point crabs and they were great!  We each had 2 jumbos that were steamed and seasoned perfectly.  Started with plump mussels in a red sauce we finished with a spoon! Every member of their staff was friendly and attentive.used to go to dinardo's in wilmington, DE before they closed down years ago.  have been meaning to try this one in philly to see the comparison.  i was psyched to see that the same dipping sauce is used (they told me they still make it in DE and send it up to philly daily) and that there are the same addictive garlic crabs on the menu.   the crabs we ordered were hot and fat, as promised, and fresh as can be.   we got 4 jumbos (regular) and 4 jumbos (garlic) and left completely full.   while somewhat pricey, i gladly paid for something i haven't eaten in over 15 years.   looking forward to returning in the near future.Yea.. So this place is terrible. I don't know when they became "famous", but it tastes like it was a long time ago. Floating objects in our drinks. Some in the original drink brought out and in the one they replaced it with. Along with lipstick on the brim of the other glass. The food was meh. Crab soup and buffalo shrimp for starters and garlic crabs for the main course. Oh and they're kind of expensive. Don't waste your money.Wait staff was polite, pleasant and efficient.  Food was OK, not great.  Clam chowder like a can of Progresso.  
Ambiance was zero, but could still be OK; like a crab house on theMaryland shore that specializes in their food, not the environment.
Went there to check out a place to take guests after a tour of the Historical sights, but this is not the place.
Worst thing was the mismatch of the prices with the overall experience.  For those prices I would have expected waiters in tuxes with linen napkins over their arms.Eggs in salad were so old they were petrified.  Salmon was cooked to leather.  Decor is "meh". Bathroom was dirty.  Got a bowl of the worst bowl of clam chowder I've ever had. Well paid for a bowl but got a cup's worth.I was brought here by my boyfriend for my birthday.  Needless to say we were both disappointed.  The ambiance is more geared toward Gordon fisherman rather than a couple on a date.  The drinks tasted watered down like there was no liquor involved at all.  The "famous fries"  were excessively seasoned damn near giving me high blood pressure.  And once the entrees came out Oh my gosh it smelled horrid.  The first and last time I will ever step foot in here.Was said to be the best in Philly. Did not hold up to that name. The fries were good but would not say the best I had. I had the blackened chicken breast with shrimp. They went way overboard with the spice . The chicken was juicy on the inside though. I ended up eating only a little of it. Wifey enjoyed the broil seafood platter. And I enjoyed her fish and shrimp more than she did. 
The pineapple cake desert was on the money. You can not go wrong with that. Our waitress was kind and attentive. And though we used a groupon for dinner. She removed my chicken dinner from the bill because I did not eat it. That was very nice of her.
So though not the best food in Philly. It is a nice place to eat. And the decor was how  a seafood Restaurant should be.
I can not say we will visit it again. But I am sure they will do well.DiNardo's Famous Seafood has been a Philly tradition for thirty five years and specialize in crabs, which are flown in year 'round from the Gulf waters to ensure a year 'round supply, plus they claim the crabs are larger and more meaty. I'll give them larger, but if this is what you call meaty, the pickings are pretty slim, I actually burned calories trying to eat these things!
Our server Linda, was a gem, she was friendly, helpful and knew how to guide us through the menu as this was our first visit. Five big shiny stars for her service! The food however was a different story... 
Hubby started with a bowl of clam chowder, which was loaded with potatoes and tender clams, but nothing else, the consistency was good, however it really lacked in flavor, it needed so much more, perhaps onions, celery, I stirred in one pat of butter ( Paula Deen approved ) a little salt and pepper and that still did not do the trick, so I repeated this same procedure, but it really did not help.
Philadelphia is known for Snapper soup, but this tasted sour, the meat was tender and plentiful and a poor quality sherry was served on the side. We each took one bite and decided we would pass. The crab imperial stuffed mushroom caps were okay, but expensive, four small mushroom caps and I do mean small were filled with the imperial for ten dollars.
My two pounds of garlic crabs were all work and no play, but plenty of messing around trying to get out the minimal amount of meat, I was tempted to pick up those babies and start sucking the meat out of them! No more blue crabs for me, I'll stick with the dungeness, snow or Alaskan crabs from now on, better yet, saute me some pure lump crab meat in a little garlic and butter. I will give them this the garlic and red pepper sauce was outstanding, they should bottle it.
Hubby had the seafood imperial with crab, scallops and bay shrimp, which was a very rich but small portion and we both agreed it not only smelled very fishy, but tasted fishy as well, after two or three bites we decided to bring it home for the cat, but she was not thrilled enough to eat it either.
They have a full bar and a happy hour, my margarita was not very good, mostly bottled margarita mix. The hostess was not very friendly, well she was okay with us, but I had to giggle when two young girls moved from a table to a booth and she screamed at them " you can not just seat yourselves!"  I did not see what the big deal was, they were not very busy, however with them pushing together many tables throughout our meal, it was obvious they were planning on some large parties arriving soon.
All in all, Linda rocks, what a sweetheart, the place is a little worn down from wear and tear, the food is below average in my opinion for the prices they charge.Had dinner with my family this Saturday, I must point out that this was my first time there and I had been dreaming of crabs all week. Crabs were very good and very pricey, I enjoyed the crab balls with buffalo shrimp that was amazing, the wait staff is second to none, I applaud the experience and enthusiasm that they displayed. Overall I would say give this place a shot, it's old school decor fits right in to old city Philadelphia charm.....Me and a couple good friends tried dinardos for the very first time yesterday and I can't even put into words how disappointed I was. From the watered down drinks too the overly priced crabs. I'm a seafood eater I live for blue crabs so I've travelled all over to eat them. I don't mind spending money for them but $32 for 3 crabs that are regular sized is outrageous. A half of dozen for $64 smh and don't get me started on there seafood combination I paid $32 for 1 unseasoned extremely breaded crab cake, 3 unseasoned shrimp 3 unseasoned scallops 1 very bland piece of "flounder" n 11 French fries. So disappointed I will never go back there. From someone who's in this field I couldn't believe they were totally robbing people on the prices like that..I travel to Baltimore and there crabs aren't overly priced and that's crab city!!! Total disappointment and I felt even bad for my friends since I suggested this place wanting to support my city. Next time I'll take the hour and a half drive to Baltimore !!!!Very disappointed. One of my crabs had small BLACK BUGS in the crab meat. I was told they are seasoning. THEY WERE BUGS AND ABSOLUTELY NOT SEASONING!  Their crabs were not fresh. DO NOT GO!A bit old-fashioned in the decor and definitely  not a trendy place, but good, straight-up seafood.  Plenty of crabs in their crabcakes or crab balls, stuffed shrimp was awesome, and cocktails were good and reasonably priced, just kind of a snore of a place as far as ambience.We went here because of word of mouth. Unfortunately, we waited almost 10 minutes to be seated, and during that time, no one even greeted us. The food was good, but it certainly wasn't worth raving about.Service was excellent and they tried to make a good experience, but I will never come back. Food was beyond expensive and not even close to being good. Ordered the clam chowder and it was beyond salty. Not sure if it is normally like that or bc it was nearing the end of its batch. Then mussels in red sauce came out. Beyond small and not enough flavor. About half the mussels had meat that was a penny size. That is not acceptable. We then ordered crabs that came out drier than the Sahara dessert. Although meaty, the price of 7.50/crab was beyond crazy. The crab seemed way over cooked and then cooked again!! The manager did make it better by bringing out 2 new crabs that were better without us even asking for replacement, which was a definite plus, but they need to do something about price. I went when the crabs are in season so there is no need for the price to be that high. I thought fries were good but my husband think they were to soggy. I thought it was the only thing that was seasoned correctly. 
Concluding, if u want good food for a reasonable price, don't come here. If u just want the service, then this is the place. Go to Chickies and Pete's for delicious crabs!!Awesome service, waiter put the bibs on us himself, hostess was welcoming, food was excellent. Highly recommend this joint, be prepared to get messy thoughTo paraphrase Dick Nixon, I want to make one thing perfectly clear: I love seafood places at shore towns that have a) great food, b) bait, tackle, hooks all over the walls, c) over-abundance of anchors or nautical equipment positioned around the joint.
DiNardo's Famous Crabs in Old City Philly has the "lure" (pun intended) of some awesome seafood places I've enjoyed in Panama City Beach, FL; Ocean City, MD; and the Jersey Shore and combines the three above-mentioned attributes to produce a great experience.
I had the blackened cajun red snapper with their "world famous" fries and coleslaw. The only better cajun blackened snapper I've had was at the old Orleans House in Arlington, VA. The table featured a bunch of great lures shaped like fish, sailors, and more. Two tables over was an authentic nautical wheel. The topper was the crab bib that I wore througout the meal.It was my first time eating blue crabs-- I'm ravenous when it comes to dungeness, king, snow... so I went in very excited.
I was very confused by the options (regular, large, jumbo) of crab sizes.  The waitress seemed confused when I told her I wanted a pound of crab, even going so far as to say that there was "no way they could know what a pound was"... what???  So we just ordered three large crabs each and hoped it was enough food.
It was good and messy (no wet-wipes?  I eat exclusively with my hands when it comes to crab, I must be part raccoon), and expensive!
It was absolutely delicious... I just wasn't expecting to spend $100 on lunch.  But I definitely wouldn't have been satisfied with just one crab (between 10 and 12 dollars per crab depending on size), so I can't be too surprised when I get ~$60 worth of crab for two people!I went to DiNardo's because I love seafood and ready many reviews that this was one of the BEST seafood restaurants in Philly. Well, I disagree. We went for blue crabs, but they ran out 9 days ago. Okay, it happens. We ordered the crab soup. It tasted like canned vegetable soup. We ordered a pound of overpriced snow crab legs. Nothing to jump for joy about. We paid extra for garlic butter, and that was the saving grace. We also ordered the broiled seafood platter where you got the smallest sea scallops, a soggy piece of farm raised tilapia, 6 jumbo shrimp, a half pound of snow crabs and a silver dollar sized crab cake. The crab cake was the standout on the dish. I opted to take the fish home and finish cooking it. 
We also ordered cocktails. They were just okay. The ambiance was dated and could use new or cleaned carpets. We tried it. Likely will not be back. Next stop: Devon's!My boyfriend and I went here for Restaurant week, why? I don't know because we certain could afford it on a regular day but we were craving seafood.
I expected a whole different type of place.  I thought that the restaurant would have more of a romantic feeling, sadly it was lacking.  The decor was outdated but gave it character.
I started off with the crab soup and it was eh.   I had better, I actually think trader joe's crab corn soup had more flavor.  If you are looking for great seafood soup, go to Philips seafood.  Now that is what I call a delicious soup.  
I opted for crab cakes for my entree and they were just OK.  I personally felt like there was too much filler in them.  
Although the waitress was sweet, she was soooo slow -- be prepared to wait for a while.  
Overall, if you're looking for a seafood restaurant with character, this is the place but if your standards and hopes are set high but prepared to lower them.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  Don't go here if you are looking for a classy seafood experience - this place is designed to be a hole in the wall, crab feast type of place.  If you've been in Maryland, generally the best crab places have a table covered in paper with a big hole in the middle to throw your crab carnage.  This place is sort of like that, but they stepped up the decor (slightly).  Read:  the walls are decorated with fish hooks and tackle.
I can't really say anything for their regular menu as I've only gone to get their steam crabs (which are absolutely amazing).  They have an all you can eat crabs night which runs about $30 per person and as long as you get there early you can eat to your fill.  The crabs are sold at market price, which will obviously vary depending on the season but I don't think it's an outrageously priced dinner.  Expect to pay at least $30 per person if you're eating the crabs though.  
Warning:  the drinks are EXTREMELY overpriced.  I'm not sure why they ask so much for a simple vodka+cranberry juice.  Stick to water - you'll need it after eating salty seafood anyway.I've read through some of the reviews and I can absolutely see how that the different situations could've been the case. 
I just went for restaurant week with a few of my girlfriends. 
The good things- I was warmly greeted by the hostess when I came in, she checked me in because we had a reservation and I went to the bar to have a drink while I waited for them. The bartender was very nice. As soon as the rest of my party arrived we were seated. Our waitress was very nice, given that it was a bit crazy in there with restaurant week. She was accommodating and went above and beyond when one of the appetizers was not good. The one busser, kept our table clean and made sure we had what we needed and the hostess even checked on us too.  And the bathroom was very clean! This is what earned my stars. 
The okay things- The bar area seemed a little dark and dusty, almost like they just don't pay attention.  to that area. My food was okay, but I feel that I would need to try again on a non-restaurant week to see how things compare. I felt the dinner portions were small but then we got a huge (but delicious) piece of cake for dessert. The filet was cooked as ordered and the crab cake didn't taste like it was all filling but the crab cake was small. The only side available was a baked potato, it would've been nice to have a vegetable option too. 
I'd try again, I hope the service is just as good as it was tonight...even if it was an act :)Prices didn't match the quality. I paid $33 for 3 "jumbo" crabs. When they came out, they were tiny and missing claws! Needless to say, I was still hungry after this meal. Do not bother with this place, it's not worth going broke over.Restaurant Week Fail! We met a group of friends to celebrate a birthday during Restaurant Week in January.  After over an hour waiting for food, they sent complimentary soups and bread. The soup was a coagulated mess. When the food finally arrived, it was a disaster and was cold.  One of the guests found a hair fried into their crab cake.  My steak was so dry that when I tried to cut it, it flew off the table. The tiny piece that I tried had an odd taste that led me to believe it was old.  The manager did apologize.  However, she attempted to convince me that the steak was put under a broiler and cooked too long.  I have had steak at every price point from Outback to Maestros and never had something so disgusting.  Pass.Ordered jumbo crab legs which were 60$ per pound. Only got 2 legs and it was bland as fuck the fried shrimp we ordered was also bland and very greasy. Definitely not worth it! NEVER GOING BACK. Shout out to Chickie and Petes they're the real mvp. Their crab is wayyyyy cheaper and 100 times better with more quantity and not to mention delicious. With what we paid for 1 pound at this place we could've had quadruple the crabs at chickie and Petes. This place rapes!I came here once with a friend with the intention of using a dealyo voucher I purchased. Was disappointed when I was told I couldn't redeem because I hadn't it printed out. I was visiting from NYC. So embarrassing. Ok. So a few months later came back with printed voucher in hand. I have to say this place probably needs to close down and regroup for so many reasons. The decor needs up dating to start. For what your paying for the food it needs to be more visually appealing in this place. Looks plain old.  And plastic cups? Come on. Now to the food, the real reason I'm here. Nothing special, rather below average. I had a seafood combo thingy. Nothing tasted fresh. It was like it was left over from the day before. So disappointed. Was so embarrassed I brought someone with me. This place needs to get it together.Remember Alice's Diner?  It feels that way when you go to Dinardo's...  1970s wood paneling, gaudy fish and fishing ecoutrements on the walls, and crotchety old lady waitresses.  I went with a group of 10, and every dish was basted in butter, covered with garlic, and soaked in crab meat.  You'd think that would be good, but it's coated with a pound of Old Bay seasoning.  To make matters worse, it's horribly expensive for food that doesn't taste that great.  I took a chance on this place, and I'll never make that mistake again!  Red Lobster serves better fish than DiNardo's.  Avoid it like the plague!!Ok.  This place was a turn off..so I left.  What turned me off was the $$$$ with the Captain D's atmosphere.  If I'm paying $40 for an entree I would at least want the wait staff to not have on T Shirts.  It was a no go!!This is by far one of my favourite restaurants. I went on my 18th birthday last year and as always the food was amazing. It is a small restaurant but the food makes up for it. I always order the mussels in red sauce as the entrée and the Pescatore for the main course. They give you so much pasta...I was pretty much eating it for two or three days afterwards. I would also recommend the crab-stuffed flounder. I've never experienced flavour like that anywhere. I just really love this place.Service was good, definitely feels like a family-run business (even if it isn't).
We ordered Large Steam Crabs. In retrospect, probably should've ordered the jumbo size as it was a fair amount of work to get to the bit of meat. On the plus-side, the crabs were tasty, though a bit on the pricier side given what it is.Not at all the old dinardos ! The food was so basic ! The flounder taste like it was from a bag ! I don't think I will be returning ! Portions were very small ! Don't think I would go again. Don't waster your money or make sure you have a groupon to help with the bill ! Very disappointed!I had high hopes but felt rather let down by my visit to Dinardos. I ordered the calimari to start my experience and have to say that the dish tasted as tho it had been sitting out. The calimari was extremely rubbery and seemed like it had been under a heat lamp. I also ordered 4 of the jumbo crabs, which appeared to be mostly medium in size. The crab meat was cold and was a bit dried out and hard, which is saying something for a full steamed crab. Again I assume they had steamed this entree hours before and had then just served it. The only positive I have to say is the wait staff is extremely friendly and responsive. I do not know if they had an extremely off night but for the money this place charges you can't afford an off night. I would not recommend this overpriced and subpar experienceUsed the groupon for this dinner...OMG!  It was awesome!  Debbie our waitress, was delightful.  Both my dinner guest and I had the lump crab cake!  Excellent. Baked Potato and veg du jour was garlic steamed broccoli!  No appys needed. The meal was quite substantial. WE BOTH CLEANED OUR PLATE.   Cosmos and a Crabby Mary (I recommend!) delish.  Quite pricey for me. THIS is why I LOVE groupons....I get to eat at restaurants that normally I could  not afford. Thumbs up!Just got back from a horrible dining experience.  Now we should have known better ordering crabs in October but the whole experience was particularly awful.
The beer was flat and tasted skunk.  We ordered a dozen steamed crabs that arrived in 3-4 minutes, all lukewarm.  We knew that was the first bad sign (if they were steamed when ordered, they would have taken sometime longer).  The meat was mushy and more than a few just tasted funky.  We should have refused to eat them, but we were hungry and trying to be polite.  Now I'm just hoping I don't get sick.
Oh yea, forgot to mention the flies - several of them buzzing around trying to land on our food.
Service was not horrible but definitely not attentive.
Never going back.Tried Dinardos for the first time lured by the Groupon deal. Soups were ok nothing special. Fried combo was just ok but not worth the $32 price tag. I had the flounder which was definitely not flounder. The fish had a different taste to it. Daughter had the stuffed broiled flounder. She also complained about the fish not tasting right. It wasn't fishy, but hard to explain. It was a little mushy and not flaky like a good piece of flounder. The wife liked her crab cake that came with the platter. Only downside to that was that it was quite small. Service was great. Way overpriced for the quality of food. I don't think we will be returning.Don't normally write, but felt compelled bc of all of the bad reviews. 
Went last night, after purchasing the groupon like most. We were a little skeptical bc of the reviews, but both of us love seafood so we had to give it a try. 
My only regret about this place was not getting the crabs. After seeing them being brought out to other tables, we knew we should have ordered. We just weren't in the mood for crabs at first. 
Our server, Mike, was very friendly, and not overly so. He offer to explain everything on the menu, told us all about the specials, kept us refilled on drinks, and kept us feeling welcomed. Mike was awesome. 
The food was really good. I got the founder stuffed with crabmeat, and she got the same but with shrimp instead of flounder. Both were very flavorful, and large enough to have us both full by the end. No room for dessert. Both of us got a huge baked Potato, and the veggie was broccoli, which we really enjoyed. 
All in all, it was a really good dinner. We will be back, but next time getting the crabs. 
Maybe it doesn't take much to impress us, and maybe bc of the location people are expecting more, but the decor was not terrible. Maybe a nice facelift soon, but nothing that was bothering us one bit while eating.  And I do not understand the negativity regarding the food. Were we just there on a good night?  We will def. be back to see.  We enjoyed it thoroughly. Just making sure we get sat in Mike's section again.Went a few months ago but only now updating. Not as good as going to MD. Food was good but not great. Decor is a timewarp to a time long ago. There's an aroma to the restaurant too, that's not related to food. Place was pretty empty on a weekend for lunch so I guess they cut down on staff because we waited a long time for our food.Possibly the worst crabs I've ever had.  They weren't hot.  Most smelled rancid, which means they were dead before they were placed in the steamer.  To boot, the beer was flat.
If someone from Maryland dines here, I am worried they may burn the place down in a fit of anger.I went here last night with my girlfriend because it's very close to our residence and because anywhere named "Famous Seafood" deserves a chance.
When we walked in, there was a guy vacuuming the walkway in front of the entrance & bar, and we were very confused about where to go. He told us to walk ahead and they'd take care of us. A few moments later, a woman came out and seated us. The menu has a decent amount of choices, and I would have ordered the crab had they been upfront and listed the crab pricing rather than putting "M/P". When will restaurants learn that people coming to a seafood place often want crab, want to know the price without asking, and "M/P" just turns people away? 
We ordered the fried crab balls and the shrimp cocktail for appetizers, and then shared the scallop entree, and surf & turf entree for dinner. The food was OK, not great.  It seemed like bar food, trying to fit in what they are trying to make a nice restaurant. They are very expensive for the quality of food you get. This place could be so much more if they had better chefs & recipes. One other point to add in here, it's very much a turn off to receive seafood that hasn't been cleaned properly. The shrimp were not all fully deveined, some still had legs, and one still had a shell on it. If I wanted U-Peel-It shrimp, I wouldn't have ordered Shrimp Cocktail. It was a turn-off to my girlfriend and I (because we just weren't expecting to take a bite out of shrimp shell). Again, better chefs who properly prep all the food would have been key here to making the experience better and POTENTIALLY worth the price. The scallops were OK at best, they were mushy and the sauce they came in was not very flavorful.  The surf & turf was the best of all the food we had, and I'd actually rate that as pretty good. They cooked the steak to just the right temperature and it was a good cut of meat, unfortunately though it lacked any flavor, to the point we had to ask for A1 sauce which is a sin if you are eating a center cut filet mignon. 
The waitress was excellent, which is the only reason I'm giving them two stars instead of one.  She was very attentive to our table, refilled our drinks promptly, and stopped by frequently to check and see if we needed anything. 
If you want better food cheaper pricing, I'd recommend somewhere like Snockey's or Red Lobster. If you are looking to take someone on a nice date and don't care about the cost, take them to Ocean Prime in Center City, which has way better quality of food. For the $120 bill we paid last night, we could have eaten at Ocean Prime which is as nice as the highest grade Starr Restaurants in Philly and actually our new favorite steak/seafood place. 
I won't be returning unless they redo the kitchen staff and the menu to make this place more worth the price. It was bad value for what you pay, which is never an experience the customer should have.  
Trust the other YELP reviews. They are right.  Try a different place for dinner tonight.Terrible Alaskan crabs. $60 a lb and freezer burned, snow crabs a bit better but save your money.
Hi Liz it was March 21, @6:30PMTo be honest I think the food used to be better, but it is still pretty good. Tad pricey.
Tie on the bib and get to crackin.Fantastic service. Fresh seafood. Good seasoning. Attention staff members and amazing service!The decor looked like it hadn't been updated since the 1970s. I got the shrimp scampi, pasta was so undercooked and so so bland, no flavor at all! They maybe put butter on it. I sent it back. And needless to say I will never come back here againEh, the crab bisque was so thick it seemed like crab dip - filet was ok, small. The shrimp scampi had only 4 small shrimp and was very greasy. Dessert was generic nothing special. The one thing we did enjoy was the buffalo shrimp. Crispy & flavorful. All in all it was OK at best. I don't think we'll he back. Service was slow to start but picked up.First time eating here- had a Groupon. We were sat right away. Clean dining area, nice attentive service. The food- salmon, crab cakes were fresh and delicious! Also reasonably priced. We'll definitely be back!My busser, Blue, ABSOLUTELY DESERVES A RAISE! He provided better service than my actual waiter! The only positive thing I can say is that the food was not bad at all. The mussels, chocolate cake, crabcakes, bread, buffalo shrimp & cheesecake were all delicious. Service was horrible & my $11 martini tasted like a child's juicebox (no liquor at all!). Our water was never refilled, so our cups were empty for pretty much the whole dinner. We weren't asked if we needed anything, although we wanted napkins. Our waiter acted like we had a virus at our table & our party of 2 became a party of 5 because some fruit flies decided to join our table for dinner. Hopefully management starts making some adjustments before the reputation is too tarnished. A few minor changes could make this place great.We got Groupon for this restaurant. And it only cost us $30 to have a good experience. The seafood are really delicious and fresh. It is a little bit expensive. And also reminded me bubblegum. I like this place.Totally love this place. I would definitely recommend the Buffalo shrimps. If you are a crab lover, sautéed garlic crabs is a must try! The server was friendly and made some great recommendations.Excellent, Excellent,Excellent.
My mother is from Maryland, so I am used to dissecting steamed crabs.That being said, I love Dinardo's. They know their crabs and I can always count on a warm reception. The service is friendly, the crabs are fresh, and they have Moosehead on draught. What more can one ask for?
Tonight, I was in the mood for crabs after returning home from a disappointing Flyers game. It was on the the late side, and I felt a bit guilty going into the restaurant at almost 10pm. However, the staff acted like it was 7pm on a Saturday night. They were kind, welcoming and willing to commiserate with us about the horrible Flyers defeat.
So 5 stars for Dinardo's excellent crabs and their ability to turn my spirits around. Bravo.I just came home from Dinardo's from a VERY disappointing dinner.  First of all, the website states on its homepage, "All You Can Eat 
Arrive early on Monday nights, when $32 will buy you unlimited amounts of steamed hard-shells, fries and coleslaw."  My family and I are seated, skim through the menu and briefly speak to the waitress only to find out that there is no all you can eat.  EXTREME disappointment; that was why we went there in the first place!  Just days before, the Metro newspaper had a column that mentioned the all you can eat.  How are you going to have such big talk about this stuff and not follow through?  It's like false advertisement.  It's what brings in your patrons and if you're not going to comply, why advertise at all?  Also, the only sized crabs they had available was regular and large.  Even worse, it wasn't fresh and was extremely salty.  Hold back on the Old Bay seasoning, will ya?  Huge disappointment for big seafood goers.  And with what our bill came to be at the end of dinner, I felt as though going to Chinatown and ordering plates of stir fry lobster or buying our own bushels of crabs would have been more satisfying.
Additionally, the hostess who seated us seemed very rude.  I got the vibe that she hates her job and that setting up a table for 10 was too much work for her and that we were wasting her time.  Our waitress wasn't a very good listener, nor was she very patient.  I got the same vibe from her as well.  I felt rushed to order and when we took too long, I could feel her patience growing thin.
This has been one of the worst experiences I've ever had.
I definitely DO NOT recommend this place.Lets see, unfortunately we were in a rush and I ordered the crabs, My fingers were brutally destroyed mainly for my lack of Crab dissecting experience. My friend had the fish and chips and it was very good, nice white fleshy meat. Overall for the price I would have expected just a bit more meat from these critters. 
Service was acceptable and the air smelled of delightful seafood!I like their seafood salad. It's a little pricey, but the helping is generous.Pleasantly surprised by this Philly classic. Attentive, friendly service and great traditional seafood. The fried calamari was tender and crisp, the hard shell crabs huge and flavorful. We were encouraged to make a mess and loved doing it. The linguine needed salt but there was salt to be had. The wine was just ok, but that's not the draw. This is not trendy tweezer food. You should go.I wish there was a way to give 2.5 stars. 
We went to DiNardo's for dinner on a Thursday. I wasn't too keen on the idea because it's generally not a great value. I'm not opposed to spending a decent amount of money to have a great meal, but I hate feeling like I'm getting hosed. 
Anyway. We arrived and were seated quickly without a reservation, which was nice. We ordered our drinks and apps. We'd wanted to get the Cajun shrimp app and the cocktail claws from the raw bar. Sadly, they were out of the crab claws so we got the Littleneck steamers. Both the shrimp and the clams were good.
The decor is dated, but in a charming way. My date got a blackened shrimp entree, which he enjoyed and I got the crab stuffed broiled flounder filet, which I did not. To be honest, it tasted like the stuffed tilapia you get at the grocery store when you're too lazy to make real food. It just wasn't good eating. 
I usually get snow crab by the pound, but the market price was about $40/lb, which is a bit high considering that I can get the same for $8/lb. I understand food cost, but 5x retail for steaming crab seems silly.
My last issue was with the drinks. I ordered two drinks, both Jameson on the rocks with ginger ale. I only received one and was charged for both. (Though they did take the unreceived drink off the bill). I was honestly shocked by the price of my drink. 12.50. Are you kidding me? I'm a bartender (in Old City) and that's a legitimately obscene price for a simple rocks drink. $10-11, I could even see but this is just a case of a place that has substandard food that charges a premium for it.
The apps are good, everything else is ridiculously overpriced and kinda meh. Would not recommend.Went in for a quick lunch and were glad we did. Got a bowl of crab soup and the buffalo shrimp.... DELICIOUS! The service we had was on point, our server was very helpful and fast, we will be going back at least once before we leave town. 
Love the old school feel this place has, nice but still casual.Went here with my family because my mom had bought a groupon or some stupid deal online. There's a reason as to why places like this have groupons, but my mom thinks it's cool to buy these things and we just let her go with it...why bother spoiling her fun?
The place is faux New England(ish?). The prices are stupid, like, ridiculously stupid. 35.00 for tuna (?) covered in what they said was crab, still not sure about that one. I am sure that said tuna and maybe crab meal was covered in brown sugar and soy sauce that they tried to pass off as teriyaki...with a side a linguine that was smothered in a butter sauce. There may have been garlic in there but I'm still not sure. 
I would rather have gone to chickies and Pete's. At least they can actually claim award-winning fries and not frozen Orida fries sprinkled with some Old Bay seasoning.  
Save your money and go somewhere else. Please. I beg you! Don't make the same mistakes as my elders!
This place is worse than terrible. It's a rip-off and a joke!!312 Race Street dates from at least 1776.  Over the centuries it has born the title boards of various establishments. Today the address crowns itself as "Di Nardo's - Famous Seafood."  But when it comes to vintage history, for those of us of a certain age, a table at Di Nardo's is a re-creation of a more immediate past. From the yellow pine paneling to the red vinyl benches and from  the paper placemats with crab eating instructions to the baked potato wrapped in aluminum foil  Di Nardo's recalls dining in the 50's and 60's in the tradition of Walbers, Zaberer's and Bookbinder's.   After all, when was the last time you saw a salad composed of iceberg lettuce garnished with shredded carrots and Russian dressing served on a frosted glass dish in the shape of cabbage leaves?
We began our dinner with the snapper soup, something I haven't had since the days of the old restaurants I just mentioned.  Perhaps memory is more flavorful but this soup tasted more of the flour roux than anything else. I have to say that Di Nardo's is more than a bit high priced. A mixed fried seafood platter is far from a complicated or delicate preparation and a tag of 32.50 for this retro selection is nothing short of excessive.  The flounder, fried and broiled, offered nothing exceptional that you couldn't do yourself. Then too, I buy my fish either at H-Mart or on 9th Street so $22 for a small piece of fish was more than four times what I would pay locally.
Perhaps the most humorous servings at Di Nardo's, other than  the iceberg salad, are the potatoes. You have a choice of either the foil wrapped baked potato with sour cream or French fries. What serious restaurant still offers these? At least the foil wrapped potatoes were not in the shape of a swan (Do you remember your childhood joy when you saw them?)
The menu prices are even more questionable since the restaurant features a sports bar from which they clearly derive supportive revenue. When it comes to such things as the crab menu, why pay Di Nardo's prices when you can enjoy crabs at a far less cost on 9th Street.
I do have to say that the wait staff and the management were most attentive and extremely friendly.But who do they say "Bon appetit" in French rather than "Buon Appetito" in Italian?
We dined at Di Nardo's only because we had a Groupon and because it is a Philly establishment that we had never experienced.
Di Nardo's food is a trip to the old fried fish restaurants that have long since left this world. The food was not bad but certainly nothing exceptional and nothing I could not do myself. I learned nothing and experienced nothing new.
Only because of the Groupon was it worth its toll.2.5 stars really... "Meh, I have experienced better."
The seafood was "okay".. We were misquoted the market price of the crabs and the waitress merely shrugged her shoulders at the billing time. -It was her error. 
The service was very slow.
The famous fries were overly seasoned so I drank more water.
For a meal that cost over $100 for 2, I was disappointed and would have preferred a chain like Joe's Crabshack. Better food and service for a cheaper price. Or  hit McCormick's for comparable pricing.
Save your money. This isn't such a draw as a must see tourist hot spot. -I am an (overseas) out of town visitor for a conference.Went here b/c of a Groupon deal, all the tables in my area had Groupons so they must be having trouble bringing in diners.
Went on a 3/1, Friday during Lent....out of hard shell crabs unless I wanted the garlic kind. What??!! this is a crab restaurant and you're out of crabs.
I don't think the waitress told us about any specials, the menu didn't wow me. King crab legs were way too pricey for this place too, I almost didn't have anything  to select. Ordered appetizer of stuffed mushrooms, these were good not great.
 One of my party ordered soda, came from the bar, 1st glass was good, the next flat as a pancake, he asked for a replacement and it was just as bad...how do you get a soda wrong?
No one brought us any bread, rolls or oyster crackers to munch on while we waited for our food. Our meals were broiled platter combinations and were just ok.
I used to like dining here, it used to be much busier. Maybe they should update the decor a bit, its so old, dirty and dated.
Not worth the parking lot fee we had to pay to eat here.This place used to be great. I  hadn't been for about 5 years. I got a Groupon and thought I would try it.
We ordered the Clam chowder, fried seafood combo and 2 "jumbo" crabs. (@$13 apiece)
We also ordered an appetizer that never came.
The Clam chowder was very saltly. It had a lot of clams in it, but not that tasty. Canned soup tastes better. If it had been a little less salty and more creamy, it would have been better.
The crabs were small even though they were jumbo. They were dry like they had been frozen and recooked. No flavor on the inside and the meat was rubbery in the claws. Honestly, my wife makes way better crabs. I think if these had been fresh, they might have been better.
The fried seafood platter wasn't that great, the only redeeming taste was the fries that came with it.
The food is horribly overpriced for the quality. That being said, the place was packed.
The service was pleasant. I really wanted to like this place because I had some great meals there. Granted, it was five years ago.
Cant say I'd go back.Found out about this place and came here for the first time thanks to Groupon.  Not sure what the negative reviews are about here.  We really liked Dinardo's.  All of the seafood was delicious. And their fries really are amazing!!!  Based on history alone I would recommend this place.  It's awesome they've been there for over 200 years!  Keep up the great work Dinardo's.  we love you!I have been here a few times, and the staff is very nice.  The food is bland and mediocre, the prices are outrageous.  $58 for a pound of king crab, shell included.  I work at a major hotel in the city and we never send people here, and if people ask about it we tell them what rip this place is.  Its sad because it has a nice old time feeling, with a great staff.We stopped into Dinardo's having no previous expectations ... aside from getting a ticket in front because of a faulty meter, all was ok. But just ok, nothing specatular. I'd say we found it to be diner like ... but exactly what we expected upon walking in. A good soup, pretty greasy food ... and a couple of beers from dirty lines. Look, we're not snobs ... we just weren't suprised. 
I understand it's an instiution ... but their is a reason why they haven't been able to update those 'Philly's Best' posters from the late 80'sThis place was pretty average & in a city full of amazing restaurants, I was rather unimpressed & wouldn't come back or recommend it. It was typical center city prices for food that was just ok. I got the jumbo lump crab cake which was wet & saucy in the middle and the seasoning flavor overpowered the crab meat. I didn't even use the dipping sauce which tasted like plain mustard. I had the fries as a side and only finished half as they were much too salty. It wasn't a bad meal, but it was just OK and in Center City Philly, it just wasn't worth the price or the stop.We came to Dinardo's for restaurant week, and the experience was... interesting. The restaurant has some history, like they were voted the best French fries... back in 1977. It looks like the restaurant hasn't been updated since 1977. It was clean, and the food was good. I was disappointed by the restaurant week portions. My 4 oz. filet was well cooked and tender, but it was 4 oz. the accompanying crab cake was good, and didn't have too many fillers, but it was small too. I'm watching my carbohydrate intake, so I didn't touch the baked potato that came with my meal, or the French fries that won the distinguished Best French fry title 40 years ago... from what I was told, they were good, but not Best French fry worthy. The crab bisque was good, and I would recommend it. I was hungry after my small meal that I ate most of a piece of cheesecake... so much for watching what I eat, I was too hungry to care. I have to say that I was very disappointed. Oh yeah, it took 40 minutes to get our check after we were done eating, and asked for it many times during that time.Took advantage of CC restaurant Week and Dinardo's Famous Seafood was the choice. (On the restaurant week menu stated it was "famous Seafood" not "famous crabs"). Made reservations while others walked in for dinner.. maybe a oversight on my part but wanted to be sure we were seated at a reasonable time.  Place wasn't crowded when we arrived. There wasn't a bartender at the bar to order drinks. Appetizer was Mussels in jalapeno sauce were ok. Mostly cayenne pepper hot..crab cake arrived resembling a boxed Shop Rite microwaveable one. No flavor. No crab. Broiled Stuffed flounder was tasty Center cut filet mignon not worth it. Should've stated petite filet. Needless to say my friend was just as disappointed. If the place is just known for crabs then I would've went elsewhere for a decent dinner. Dinner for two $100. Left generous tip since they were 4-5 different people bringing our food and drinks. Servers were friendly.  Wont be returning.One of the worst restaurant experiences I've had in some time! The place needs some definite upgrading! I should have known better...when I walked in something told me to walk back out! I don't mind paying more for a great seafood dinner, but this was not the case AT ALL! I ordered the clam chowder soup. For a large bowl it was rather small and the soup came out cold. It tasted so fishy (and I know it's fresh clams), but it shouldn't taste of smell  fishy, I asked them to heat it up (and after waiting for 10 minutes) when it came back it still wasn't hot. My husband ordered the mussels appetizer ($10) and there were literally about 10 on his plate. I order the scallops and french fries dinner at $26.50. I received about 8 scallops and literally a handful of fries. I will NEVER go back! My total bill was a little over $55. And after all that, I felt totally rushed after finishing my meal. There are way too many other place in Philadelphia that offer better service and food! Don't go here!The food is okay the crabs are really small. I ordered three sautéed crabs in butter and garlic. The season was great on the crabs so I did enjoy them.Very good food, and very good service. I had blue claws, they were very pricey. when I googled the market price of crabs I understood their cost. Wifey had the crab stuffed shrimp, she really like them. I tried them and they were very good as well.I went here for a work lunch and ordered the seafood salad, which was a garden salad with broiled shrimp scallops and crab meat. It gave me food poisoning and I was up for 12 hours with it! Don't go here!!Came with the wife for dinner. Decor hasn't improved despite new carpet since my last visit five years ago. Very dated. If you are a location scout for Hollywood, this place will will fit "seedy 70's" with about 10 minutes of dressing. 
Food is good. Not bad, not great, just good. 
Raw Bar app was decent. Fried combo was OK. Crab cake was tasty but lonely. 
Cocktails... Double Grey Goose dirty: $26.50. Yes, $26.50... Watery, made with something that wasn't exactly olive brine and olives were stale and tasteless. Struggled through 3/4 of it while waiting for waitress to come back so I could complain. When she finally arrived I told her there was something off about the cocktail and that the olives weren't right. Her response "well, ummm..." and then walked away. Felt as though I was being accused trying to scam a free drink...
Needless to say, won't be back.This place is absolutely not worth the cost. Do not go here if you are 1) looking to have a good meal. The crab is dry and the special crabs have hardly any meat on them charged $50 for 3. 2) looking to not spend a lot the price for 5 was $380 with everyone getting only an entree and a drink. Much better quality in the city for that price. 3) looking to be done in a normal amount of time. Dinner took 2 1/2 hours this would have been over looked if the food was great but sadly time didn't bring quality. DO NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE.Six adults when down for a meal with an out of town family member who wanted seafood. Being a Philadelphia landmark, we thought we'd give it a try. Our reservation was for 6:45. We were seated by 7:15, it happens. Waitress was polite and took our order. Went with their spicy fries to start and they were good. The flounder I had was decent, served with a warm baked potato. The others had a mix of crab cakes and fried seafood platters. the crabcakes were mostly filler and overpriced. The biggest disappointment were the "jumbo" bluecrabs. Sent back once and the second time not eaten and were taken off the bill.  i would not be back and just say try it for yourself as others eating there seemed to enjoy it.Please do not be fooled by the posh Olde City neighborhood! This place is meant for down and dirty seafood and beer eating!
I LOVE their seafood salad so I am able to ignore their OUTDATED decor. (Wood paneling a la suburban basement with a touch of a diner vibe.)
If you go with good food in mind, and know that the whole place is a throw back, you'll enjoy it.Had the Dinardo's crab soup. Pretty good. Had good spice, crab meat and flavor. For dinner went with the jumbo lump crab cake. It was a decent crab cake. Had better ones. My wife had the salmon fillet. She seemed to enjoy it.
The service was good. Bartender was great. Waiter was ok. But there was a server by the name of "blue", or Greg, he was great. Just put a smile on your face. Just a very friendly guy.This is what I call a "step back in time" restaurant, but in a very good way - the staff is authentic but very friendly and helpful - it was obvious that several diners were regulars, always a good sign - I ate at the bar since I was alone - the furnishings were dated and quaint at the same time - you can have a $15 entree or a $60 entree - wide range - several crab options if you know how to eat those without embarrassing yourself (I don't) - crab bisque, blackened jumbo shrimp with baked potato and green beans, glass of Pinot Grigio - thumbs up - very walkable historic neighborhood alsoI've heard of Dinardo's since I was a kid. Sorry to say my first visit was disappointing at best. Food was mediocre and price was inflated.
On the bright side, I enjoyed the wait staff. All were pleasant and efficient. Even with good help, the food won't have me coming back any time soon.The last time we were here was several years ago and it was underwhelming.  We decided to try them again for restaurant week and it was fantastic.  Everything was delicious.  The crab trio bisque had meat in every spoonful.  The filet mignon juicy and tender.  The crab cakes were lightly crisped and full of meat.  The salmon was flavorful.  The desserts were sweet and fresh.  
Our waiter provided attentive and humorous service.  Overall a great experience.Thinking they are famous for they're crabs, I ordered 3 at $12 a piece. They might have been the smallest crabs I've ever eaten. My lady got the scallops, again small, under cooked and expensive. We had buffalo shrimp and Cajun shrimp for appetizer. 4 shrimp for $12.00. This place is so over rated.Lost My wallet lastnight, called them and they had it! Very nice people, Great food too! Definitely will be there again!Ok, I didn't try the crabs.  But it sounds like people aren't that impressed with them when they do.  I went for lunch with some friends, one of whom had a groupon or google offer.  Turns out that was for dinner only.  We looked at the dinner menu, where prices were pretty much double the lunch prices.  They wouldn't make an exception (fair..).  I got broiled flounder ($11).  It was pretty weak; flavorless, small, unattractive to the sight, completely unremarkable. The fries were good. Decor is terrible. The restaurant seems like it could use some help from Restaurant Impossible.  I love my friend who brought us there, but I will not be returning.  At least the company was good!Ordered the crab cakes for lunch , was very disappointed with the portion. Crab cake was very small. It came with a side of fries that barely filled the plate was a total of 7 fries. Food was very average and place decor was on par with a red lobster. Service was good. Will not go backI had dinner here at a rather slow time: 5:45 on a Tuesday. The wait staff was good. I only ordered crabs and fries. The crabs were amazing. The fries were great. My only complaint is that the urinals in the men's room weren't flushing, but that didn't affect the dining experiences.Prices need to come down to match what you pay for. Food was good, but not a $$$ meal.Early midday lunch. Not crowded. Service was very friendly, and the food was GOOD! I liked the old time feel, and don't think it needs an overhaul.Maryland Blue Crabs are at the top of my list of favorite things to eat.  Dinardo's Famous Seafood was recommended to me for their crabs.  There crabs are from Louisiana which is pretty common, even for places in Maryland..  We ordered a dozen of their "extra jumbos" and three of the garlic crabs.  The crabs came out steaming hot and were heavy and full of lump crab meat.  The "Dirty Old Bay" crabs had a different mix of seasoning from what I am used to on steamed crabs.  The seasoning didn't seem to contain much old bay but it still worked well and the crabs were pretty delicious.   The garlic crabs were also fantastic.  They cracked the crabs in half, then cleaned them and  sautéed them in a garlic butter sauce.  You can't really go wrong with garlic butter sauce and I found myself dipping my fries and shrimp into this sauce as well.    They also serve a house vinegar based sauce with the crabs, which went well with the old bay crabs and the fries.  We tried the buffalo shrimp as well, but weren't too impressed. The shrimp were large, but a bit over battered and over cooked. 
I disagree with many who feel the restaurant needs a makeover.   In my opinion the décor is typical of a crab house and provides the appropriate atmosphere.    Our server was wonderful and very attentive.  Service was top notch from start to finish.  I will certainly be back for the crabs.I heard good reviews for this place but little did I know that it was going to be a total let down. The shabby atmosphere did not warn you of the ridiculous prices that hit you on a crummy looking menu. I would have been much happier with a big mac than the mediocre crab cake and over cooked scallops drenched in butter. I would much rather go to Devons then spend the same amount of money here.Service was friendly and food was good. The crabs were so delicious, but they were at MP. BOY, WAS IT A SURPRISE WHEN THE BILL CAME OUT. We ordered an appetizer, an entree, and a dozen crabs with some beers, and it was $200.
I'd suggest going down the street to Chinatown, get some blue crabs while in season, and steaming them at home!when management is monitoring reviews and commenting on most this is not a good sign.  Seems like crisis management since most reviews are not too good.  Have not been there in many decades but they must have regressed quite a bit.  No need to respond.My second time there. Service was poor. After being seated, waited 15 minutes before someone offered to take my order. The interior decor has a cold, dated look, and the food is less than mediocre considering the price. Parking is a challenge, but there is a commercial parking garage next door that charges a fee, but could get a discount for eating if you request it. 
Ordered a garden salad, thinking it would be fresh, instead, it was pre-made in a bowl and the vegetables were showing signs of withering. Small portion, definitely not worth $4.75 Finally, be aware of pricing issues. Their website has one pricing model and what they charge you, could be significantly higher. I will never go there again!Not worth my time to comment on a bad service and their so called Famous seafood place. It should be famous for letting guest down and under serve their meals, poor quality and over priced. Do not order the Maryland steam Crap. It's a RIP OFF you get when you order by size, the crab was not freshly steam and full of dark salty crap. Disappointed!You will pay a lot of money but they have the best blue claws and crab soup around. Go for all you can eat night!The environment was not what you'd expect from a CC Restaurant Week location -- it reminded me of your great aunt's shore house.. not in a good way.  Our server was fine aside from the fact that he didn't acknowledge me waiting for my other party.  I didn't even receive water or a greeting until my partner arrived.  
I understand that many restaurants do not allow modifications to menu items/entrees during restaurant week but my server was apprehensive to even allow me to add on a side of veggies in place of the default baked potato.  After he allowed me to and we received our food, I wasn't given the potato which was meant to be included in the meal. 
Dessert was very good though.  We shared cheesecake and pineapple pie.  Defitnely weren't homemade but we didn't care. Still very good.Fallen icon!  In the 60's and 70's you wouldn't think of steamed crabs without heading straight to DiNardo's.  If you didn't want to drive to 4th & Lincoln in Wilmington, you went to Old City.  Food now less than OK, service really less than OK and the place, oh my, where is that scrub brush?If you just need a crab fix, you might, but the collateral damage may not be worth it.  A real shame.I made several mistakes in coming here. I should know to always follow my gut when it comes to food. First off, we came here because dining partner had a Groupon (RED FLAG #1), I read the lousy yelp reviews (RED FLAG #2) and hoped things would be different. Seafood isn't in my top 5 favorite cuisines, but I decided to give it a shot at a place that has "famous seafood" in the name.
We had a reservation for 7:00 on Thursday night. We were seated immediately when we arrived in the back dining room. We waited about 10 minutes at the table to be approached by a waitress, during which we discussed the possibility that they forgot we were back there. I don't know our waitress's name, because she never introduced herself. When she arrived we placed our entire order. We ordered the buffalo shrimp, I had the crab cakes, and dining partner had the stone crabs for $35. The buffalo shrimp were good, there were only 4. My crab cakes were very very fried and mushy inside, not good. Dining partner had to request a shell cracker, so he could eat his crabs. Not sure how he was supposed to eat his crabs without it. Waters were not brought to us and we had to ask for refills on our sodas, twice. 
The decor is tacky, in a somewhat charming way. Lou the busboy was the only saving grace, as he brought us our refills of drinks and extra napkins when he noticed we were getting messy. It is very expensive for a low quality dining experience. You're better off driving down the shore for better seafood and service.Ordered appetizers and beer. No wine list. Food was OK. Very underwhelming and a bit spendy. I won't be back.Most mediocre expensive meal I have ever had.  My wine glass was not filled enough for $10.. The food was not up to par in my opinion.  Do better Dinardos.  This is why no one comes here.  
Staff is great.Stay away from this place! It is overpriced and the food is the worst seafood I ever tasted. I should have walked out when I first walked in and the restaurant smelled like fish, as if we were on a boat in the ocean. The wait staff personality was not pleasant, except for the guy who's been there for 30+ years. I ordered the garlic crab. The crab came out drowning in butter and whatever seasoning they used was so overpowering you couldn't taste the crab. I also had the coleslaw, it was nasty and their world famous fries-now that's a lie. The fries had a little bit of season salt. That's it! The fried crab poppers were mushy. My coworker ordered salmon with a side of broccoli and she couldn't eat it.she said the broccoli tasted like seawater and salmon was disgusting. We had 3 drinks and our meal, total $125.00 for some disgusting food in an outdated restaurant! You've been warned...stay away! We hated our meal. We saw this place advertised on the Philadelphia tourist channel in the hotel. I wish I could give it a negative star rating instead of one.The service was great, and our waiter was friendly and attentive and the staff were super friendly. The food was average I have had much better.This place is in need of a renovation. The decor is beyond tacky and out dated, There are way better seafood places in the city. If you are visiting from out of town try Sansom Street Oyster House, Phillips Seafood or Route 6 just to name a few.Bought a groupon which i do all  the time to try new places out . Service  was great . Place looks a little old fashion but the food was good .( prices are a bit high but its downtown ... )The crab  balls (app) where awesome !!!. All crab meat !! no stuffing at all!!  Salmon filet was a nice portion and the stuff shrimp with crab where really nicely stuff with crab . I would definitely go back for lunch and give this place another try. im always out looking for a good crab cake and i will be keeping this place in mind when im in the moood for one .Terribly overpriced and not even that good.  We had to ask the waiter to bring us hot crabs after getting luke warm to completely cold crabs (seriously? you have to ask for hot food?).  She said we cook 200 at once and just let them sit there so that's why they were cold.  Only good thing was the soup.eh. the clam chowder was salty and the seafood salad was drowning in dressing. plus most of the lettuce was wilted at best. won't go back.There was a restaurant. The food was over-cooked and essentially unseasoned. It took forever to get the food. Staff were very nice.Came here for restaurant week. We wanted to try and find a new seafood spot close to home. Needless to say this was a let down. The decor is outdated, service is  sub par, food is just ok. Not worth the price but at least I came during rest week. We had the filet w/ crab cake, mussels, shrimp lejon, and a couple of treats. The food was simple ok nothing special. If your looking for a ok time with ok food you found your spot.They need to get Gordon Ramsey in the place, it'd be perfect for Kitchen Nightmares!The food was good, but pretty spendy. We had the crab stuffed mushrooms, fried shrimp, and crab cake (which is not breads). Atmosphere is casual and not loud, which I like. Service is prompt and friendly. Nice local find.Jason was a fantastic addition to the evening. As far as wait staff goes, he is the crem de la crem! The food was awesome, the atmosphere fun and inviting and the entire staff just a joy to interact with. Next time I'm in Philly, I'm there!Got a groupon that said REDEEMABLE ANYTIME only to be denied because it was Fathers Day - very sneaky fine print!  Nonetheless the food was delicious so I will have to go back to use my groupon before it expires.  
The seafood soup had more than my share of peas but the flavor was great and the scallops were 'cooked to perfection' according to the Mr.My first trip to DiNardos was not what I expected. I had a vision of a modern restaurant with great seafood. While the food was great, the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant left something to be desired. Despite the lacking decor, we enjoyed the crab cake sandwich, oyster poboy, and calamari.I was there over the weekend and will not be returning ever again. The service was very slow and the waitress was rude and not responsive. The food was mediocre at best. Before we ordered the calamari appetizer we asked if it was just rings or if it also included tentacles. Our waitress assured us it was only rings. When it arrived we basically had a few rings but mostly was tentacles. The batter they used was overly salty. 
I had the crab legs which were good, but the baked potato was overcooked and dry. My friend had the crab cake which she did not like at all and the french fires which they say on the menu are famous. The french fries were stale and tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp all night. 
I had great expectations before eating here, but for the prices they charge it really is not worth it.i expected a lot more. from the outside it has the feeling of one of those places my grandma used to take me for really good seafood that i'm sure i was much too young to appreciate. once you step inside, to your right you see a bar with some old heads watching a tiny tv and being kinda loud and looking a bit depressed. then you're seated at a table that is sticky and you suddenly feel like you're in a run-down bennigans. water comes in plastic cups. on the tables are huge goblets of oyster crackers with horseradish to dip them in. cool, except they don't appear to be changing them after one party gets up and another sits down. gross. now i like to get down & dirty with some crabs every now and again so that's what we got. they were good. not the best i've ever had, but good. that's about the only thing i'd recommend. i got snapper soup as an appetizer which was bland and had a weird taste to it. i've had better at south street diner. i have been there only one other time and ordered fried shrimp. they were definitely frozen. bottom line: unless you are going here simply for crabs, this place is over priced and disappointing.I went there for dinner tonight. My friend and I ordered pan seared crabcakes. They were bland, with more filler than crabmeat and not very spicy. The portions were large, but the quality just wasn't there. I also had the New England clam chowder. The chowder was good, but noyjing to rave about. Service was very friendly and excellent.Dinardos was the worst food ever. Overpriced food that I could make way better. I had the award winning fries that were the worst they are regular fries with old bay on them. The brocolli my favorite vegatable was terrible, tasted as if it sat for hours.The fries shrimp was ok. My boyfriend had calamari which he sais was not good. He works as maggianos which has quality food so he knows good calamri. I only gave them a chance cause the reviews were okl and I had a groupon, But I wont be returning. The place seems like a family owned restrurant with just anyone back there cooking. Nothing I tasted was good enough to be famous.My husband and I ate dinner here tonight (8/5/15).  We were sorely disappointed.  Let's start with drinks.  Good = they offer pitchers of beer.  Bad = there are only 4 options, and they replaced Stella with San Adams Summer Ale that cost $2 more a pitcher (and the Stella already was the most expensive pitcher).  We thought of getting a bottle of red wine, but none of the bottles interested us.
For an appetizer we both ordered a soup.  For me, a native Philadelphian, it was snapper soup.  For him, a native Texan, New England clam chowder.  We both commented that we've had much better.
The entree for both of us was the jumbo crab cake.  I must admit is was ALL crab and no filler and that it was a substantial size crab cake, but it was served alone on a piece of kale (or some other green) on a large dinner plate with a nice sauce but not enough of the sauce; the crab cake looked lonely.  We had our choice of fries, baked potato, or linguine; the vegetable of the day was green beans.  They really could/should have put everything on one plate.  In addition, our waiter did not tell us there were 3 sauce options if we had ordered linguine (so we ordered a baked potato), but we overheard the waitress at the table behind us tell that table after we placed our order that there were options.  Had we known this we might have made a different choice.
The potato was nicely cooked, but the green beans were uninspired.  I mean, *I* cook green beans in garlic and butter; we were expecting something a little more classy.  The potato came with something I thought was whipped butter, but it turned out to be a so-so sour cream.
Now let me talk about the ambiance.  The placemat says it has been open for 37 years.  I don't think it has been refurbished since it opened.  All restaurants in Philly have been non-smoking for several years, yet my husband and I could both smell cigarette smoke.  Perhaps the staff smokes in the kitchen. (P.S. There were multiple errors on the placemat: spelling, punctuation, capitalization, and grammatical.  We found it kind of funny.)
The decor is mostly tacky.  There are fish lures in cases throughout the place, and they look tired.  The place could use a new coat of paint.
We overheard the manager gather the waiters/waitresses to tell them DiNardo's was expecting a large group of people starting around 6:30 (we had arrived around 5:25 so that we could have an early dinner). The staff waited around the back of the restaurant where we were located.  They talked mostly quietly, but they really should not have been standing around in plain sight.
This is a pet peeve of mine: we had reservations, and we were the first table seated.  They seated us in the very back of the restaurant next to the kitchen door. I get that they were expecting a large group, but we should have been seated the farthest from the kitchen door since we were seated first. I should have been asked to be reseated, but from the git-go I figured I was not going to be coming back to DiNardo's, so I decided not to make a fuss.
Will we return?  No.  We have been to better seafood places in terms of the food, the ambiance, and the decor.Nice place, hidden in a part of Philly I did not know existed.  The fried items are a bit greasy but they're all tasty.  The turtle snapper soup is worth the price of admission.  Staff is friendly too.We've been to restaurants where the decor and ambiance were simply fabulous but the food was average at best, and people raved about how great the food was (because they got caught up in the ambiance).  
Granted, this is an old restaurant, and the decor is dated.  Usually, if it's an old restaurant, that's a good sign that the food is good, or it wouldn't have stayed in business for years.  
My husband and I chose Dinardo's for dinner on our first night visiting Philly, because it was a couple of blocks from our hotel and we like seafood.  What we found were some friendly locals (locals--another good sign!) at the bar, and every member of the staff was friendly and helpful as well.  
And our food was fabulous!  I got the crabmeat-stuffed shrimp, my husband got stuffed flounder, and both were absolutely wonderful!  We also loved the bread they served.  We found Dinardo's to be a great introduction to Philadelphia--both its food and its people--for us.$40 for a pound of snow crabs! We ordered the blue crabs instead steamed in garlic and oil. We asked for jumbo but were told that they didn't have any. The oil was good but the crabs were way too little to get any flesh out of it. That was the most dissatisfying crab picking experience. The crab soup and clam chowder were ok and the little neck clams were solid. Fries were good. Service was warm and the hostess was super friendly. Maybe we'll call in next time to see if they have jumbo crabs.Don't go to DiNardo's and order anything but the crabs.  The other stuff is OK, but why settle for just OK when you can have excellence, which describes the crabs...and order the extra large, it's worth it.After one of my friend's raving about this place for years, we finally went. What a disappointment for both of us! The food was just average, and the price of crabs was insanely high. The waitress was nice enough to inform of us the pricing before we ordered, and it definitely did influence our order because we didn't want to spend $100 on lunch. It seems like the place needs an overhaul aesthetically. I guess this place may have been great back in the day, but I don't see how they will stay in business for many more years unless something changes.I'm with the late and great Anthony Bourdain when he says he says he doesn't like yelp reviews. That being said this is warranted. Dinardo's is an institution in Philadelphia, at least it was. This meal from start to finish from the staff to overall execution was a total mess. There were several people complaining, and they did not seem to care one bit. No apology, no concessions, no follow up. My one-year-old daughter waited over an hour to get her broiled dry flounder that never showed up. We got the check and left. Unfortunately, this place needs a complete overhaul or a new owner.it pains me to do this, because  honestly, i don't love giving terrible reviews. and dinardo's has been somewhat of a philadelphia institution, but i HAD to give this place 1 star after having one of the most disappointing meals in recent history. 
also, i do want to caveat by saying that we happened to go during restaurant week (unwittingly, i might add). tho, only half of us ordered off the RW menu and the restaurant was EMPTY so i don't feel like you can really blame this on service or kitchen being slammed. 
i was surprised by the super casual decor. i love casual restaurants, but i mention this here because it was just so different inside than you'd expect from seeing the outside signage. it felt like an old school chain-restaurant that hadn't had an update in 20years. the lighting was kind of depressing, they were playing music from the radio (i think? if at all) and  water glasses were ridged plastic, which i only mention because of how much they skeeve me out in a restaurant. 
it was also startling that the restaurant was completely empty, with only a few tables of people. granted, it was a monday night, but i could practically see the tumbleweed blow by. 
the food was even more disappointing. 
STARTERS
for starters, we had the calarmari which were fine, but probably a bit salty. and the raw bar platter that the server recommended. i would urge against ordering this. the raw bar platter consisted of 4 each raw oysters, raw clams, shrimp cocktail and a dish of lump crabmeat for market price, which that night was $32. i don't think that is a bad price for raw platters of that size, but the quality/freshness of the items we got were questionable, at best. the clams weren't really edible and the crabmeat was plentiful, but dry. tasted more like imitation crab meat than real lump crab, except drier! 
we also got steamed mussels in red sauce. the sauce was super thick and very garlic-y, but it also didn't taste particularly fresh. neither were the mussels. we basically ended up dipping all the rolls in the sauce to fill ourselves up.  
DINNER 
the scallops were BROWN, and clearly had been sitting under the heat lamp for at least 10 minutes. they were buttery since they had been sitting in a pooled dish of butter for quite some time, but they were also CHEWY. 
we ordered a couple of the jumbo crabs and some were solid and the others were almost meatless. definitely not good enough to back this place up as a destination for crabs. 
the steak portion of the steak and crabcake dish was decent.... once they cooked the meat to the right temp. (we had to send it back once, but they were very nice about re-doing the dish). the crabcake was fine, but completely unmemorable in any way, which in some respects made it the highlight of the meal. 
the service overall was fine. our server was very attentive and nice. it WAS a bit off-putting when he spent a while speaking very disparagingly about restaurant week and how 'just any restaurant gets to participate anymore' which seemed very strange to lacking in any kind of self-awareness.If I wanted to eat at the Crab Shack in Somers Point, I would have gone there.  There are too many good restaurants in this part of the city that I will NOT be going back.Good place if you're in the area. OK, I didn't get the crabs this time. Food is still pretty good but over priced.  Made a reservation this time and was seated in minutes. Waited to get our drinks and over an hour for our dinner. Other patrons looked pretty frustrated waiting. Our waitress apologized and offered a cup of soup. So we brought more drinks while we waited. They need more cooks or a bigger steamed for crabs. Should not take an hour for stuffed shrimp. We wanted it but did not want to wait for dessert. Very good waitress!I took my 15 year old niece for her first time at Dinardo's, needless too say we had a great time.  To start we had steamed clams and clam stripes.  Both were very tasty and good.  My niece got Linguini and crab in red sauce and I had the stuffed flounder with crab meat.  Both portions were very big and good.  Clearly we both couldn't finished all our food.  
The atmosphere is exactly the way I want an old school restaurant too look like.  I've read many of the reviews and the one thing I cannot agree with is the service, our waiter Mike was very friendly and helpful.  And at least 3-4 other people came to our table to pick up dirty dishes and to help in any way.  
We will be back to enjoy the food, service and atmosphere again in the near future.I went here last night and despite many washings, my hands still faintly smell of garlic and olive oil. I'm already set for another trip back.
Mondays are all you can eat blue crabs, which was the initial reason we went. However, we didn't get there until 8 pm which didn't give us enough time to eat our money's worth. Refusing to give up on crabs entirely, we split two pounds of sauteed garlic crabs (which was about 8 crabs for 3 people), each got a side salad, and split stuffed mushrooms. I've only had crabs with Old Bay, so the sauteed garlic was a pleasant surprise (except it made holding on to / breaking open the crabs quite the slippery mess -- one landed in my lap. heh). 
The decor is um. Diner-ish. They've used fishing rods and hooks to create art pieces on the walls. The entire place has a subtle scent of salt water. But what the heck do you expect from a crab place? Aside from a park bench overlooking the bay, this is the way crabs should be consumed.
My one complaint about this place is the rationing of napkins. One napkin and one moist towelette per person? Seriously? I needed a picnic tablecloth sized napkin just for myself!Went for restaurant week, and while the menu and several choices the food was just so-so. Poorly seasoned and seemed to take forever to come to the table despite the restaurant being fairly empty when we arrived. One of the other people at the table ordered the crab imperial and the dish had a sour taste almost as if one of the ingredients was bad. The restaurant switched out for stuffed shrimp though when the bill came, they charged the price of the more expensive dish - despite the first being inedible. The staff did not pay attention to drinks as they were emptied and we repeatedly have to ask for refills as well as basic condiments such as butter for the rolls/potatoes. While restaurant week often allows for us to sample new restaurants, we likely will never return to this one!Decent joint. Crabs were good.  It was really busy when we went got there for dinner.  It took about 30 min for a small order of oysters.  It then took another hour for the rest of our food to be served.  The only reason it's a 3 star rating instead of a 2 is that our waiter, Nick, looks and talks exactly like the nerdy actor in Knocked Up who is afraid of roller coasters and accidentally walks in on Katherine Heigl giving birth.Ate here recently on a Saturday night. We called ahead for an 8pm reservation, and they agreed. When we arrived at 7:55, we were told that it would be just a few minutes. The woman behind the desk was dismissive and uninterested when we told her our name/party of 2. They were having a busy evening and we sat down in the foyer/entryway where they have provided a large number of decently comfortable benches. After about 40 minutes of waiting, we inquired about our seat again, and told we were next up. Approximately another 5 -10 minutes of waiting, and we were seated. The hostess did apologize for the wait and thanked us for our patience, so I am going to chalk her indifference up to a busy moment. 
Once seated, we were promptly greeted by a very kind and friendly server, who was clearly working his butt off that night. He was courteous, kind, respectful, and overall just made it a very nice dinner.
The menu was as posted - and much of the "famous" crab was listed as "m/p", or market price. I opted not to try the crab. For an appetizer, I got the stuffed mushrooms, which were very, very good. For my main meal, I got the 2 chicken breasts & jumbo shrimp, which were excellent. The chicken breasts were blackened, with a little kick, and the shrimp was delectable. Waiter was on point throughout the evening, with free refills. 
All in all, it was a nice dinner, and just a 2 block walk from the Wyndham in Old City - great location, good food, nice atmosphere. Would return again.I got horrible, horrible food poisoning here after eating the broiled seafood salad. You couldn't pay me enough to go back!I so much wanted to like this Diardo's Famous Seafood but after having dinner here as my "carb load" dinner before the Philadelphia Marathon, Mark and I will think twice before eating at a restaurant with the word "famous" in it.
For a restaurant "famous" for its crab menu items, the only memories I took away from the restaurant was how cold and windy it was to walk to the restaurant,  how nice our waitress was and how I got my money's worth in mediocre dinner rolls.
Oh - did I not mention the crab...that's because it was forgettable!
Arrived at 7:30pm on a Friday evening and the place was very quiet.  We were seated in the back with several other couples - many of them I noticed using a Groupon for their meals.
I started with a bowl of the crab soup - did I mention that this restaurant is famous for crab - well the dish that was brought to me  was one that I could have easily replicated at home or in the hotel's microwave. All I needed was to stop at the corner store and pick up a can of Progresso vegetable soup and a can of canned/shredded crab.  That is what I ate down to the taste.  Mark is not a huge lover of soups but he even noted that "It tastes like one of those canned soups you are always trying to get me to eat." 
For our entrees we both got the Pescatore (with crab) - basically a Chiapino with pasta.  The both was good but we wished that the red sauce had a more complex flavor and was thicker - it ALMOST tasted the same as the base for my crab soup.  The scallps/clams/muscles were well cook and very tasty but the shrimp were over done and did not taste fresh but fresh/frozen.  Again the dish did not have chunks of crab but the same shredded crab that was in my soup.  We were also served bread that was alternatively warm and cold.  Nothing to write home about, standard generic bread.
For $$$ I expected a better meal...at least a salad with my meal (it was available but was a couple of bucks extra) but after seeing the food that was presented to us I can only imagine that I would have been served iceberg lettuce with a couple sad looking slices of tomato and croutons.  
I should not go to a restaurant specializing in crab only to have to fill up on crappy bread.  I would say that the meal was maybe worth 60% of what we paid for it.
Mark and I will definitely be looking for a new restaurant next time we are in town.this is my favorite restrant and almost evrytime, i go to philly, i go there, i like crab soup and i also get steam seafood platter, crab, crabcake, scallop, fish and some vegitable come with. i cant eat evrything because alot of volume. somtiems, i do take out also. waitress are very friendlyWent to dinner with a groupon.  Thank god because it is seriously highly priced.  I dont mind paying for quality but.....My linguine with mixed seafood and crab was horrible.  Cook must have lost the pepper lid in my bowl.  My wife had crab imperial and the sauce ruined it.  My mussels had some done right others raw and others overcooked.  The only way that happens is when you microwave it. Same with the scallops.  All the shrimp were overdone twisted and chewey.  Even with the groupon it was over 100 bucks for bad food.  Save your money.  Good service.We went here on Valentine's Day.The food is horrible.Party of 5.This place use to be sooooo muchhhhh better about 10yrs ago.No-one in my party enjoyed the food.Warning save your $$$$You'll be disappointedwe always come here! its better to go on weeknights then weekends because this place will get packed quickly and you will be waiting a while. (they have a really cool 2 player pacman arcade in the waiting room though)
we usually start with a couple of appetizers and some soup. i always get the clam chowder. its very hearty and thick here. lots of potato chunks and tons of clams in the soup. 2lbs of garlic crabs is usually enough for us. thats about 6 crabs.. they really are small so the most meat you will get is from the belly area rather than the claws. if you are up for it, they also have steamed crabs a la carte and by size. these crabs arent sauteed in the garlic and butter sauce though.. the best part of it is actually breaking and cleaning the crabs, but if you want someone else to do that for you, just order the crab claws because its just easier to eat.
they also have a full bar so take advantage of their special martinis. super super gooood. highly recommended.As a Baltimore transplant living in Philadelphia, I was super excited to find out about this place. Finally somewhere I could get my MD Blue Crab fix! When we went in, we were the only table in the place (which I didn't mind at all). My major gripe with this place was the pricing and quantity of Blue Crabs available. They only sell crabs INDIVIDUALLY, and on the day I went in they only had medium crabs which they were charging $10 a piece for! Although being from MD I found this ridiculous, I had been dreaming of crabs all day so I gave in and ordered 3 medium crabs. The crabs came out lukewarm, the first one was really light and the other two were decent. I spoke to the manager to ask if they ever offered half-dozen or dozen prices (as crabs were intended to be bought and sold), and was fed some line about how they have to sell the crabs individually to make a profit back. Amazing how 90 minutes south in Baltimore, where they often ship in crabs from the Gulf, the crabs are magically less than half the price!Save yourself some money and frustration and head to Anastasi's in the Italian Market!Came here with my husband during restaurant week 2013 and I had the crab soup for first course and it was so damn good. The king crab meat in the soup was so fresh and seasoned very well. I let my hubby taste it while he was snacking on his new Orleans style shrimp in a Cajun scampi sauce and he flagged the waiter down to order a soup for himself. lol. My second course which was the mixed grill on the other hand was not so good. 2 Jumbo shrimp, tilapia and chicken breast with baked potato and broccoli. My food had no flavor and baked potato was so dry. I only ate the shrimp and some broccoli. I tried to save the potato with the sour cream but it was a no go. I was still a little hungry so i ate off my hubby stuffed flounder which was good. Then to finish the night i had a delicious piece of this lemon coconut cake that was sooo good. Our waiter was great and he kept checking in on us. I will more and likely give them another shot with trying a different entree and definitely some crabs once the weather breaks.Dinardo's is a great place to go if you want seafood and have a groupon, while in old city. Their prices are reasonable but a little high for a somewhat red lobster atmosphere. The food is truly delicious but you better know how to eat soft shell crabs if you want the best deal!We were very disappointed with the food in this restaurant.  All the seafood dishes we ordered were soaked in butter including the steamed broccoli.Very disappointed. I've lived in Philadelphia all of my life and never been here until last night. I've heard about it over the years and finally decided to give them a try....bad move! As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with a foul smell that slapped me right in the face! I couldn't place it but, it was a moldy, musky scent. I decided not to let that deter me from trying the food. Prices were totally out of whack for a place like this. $35 for a seafood platter of 4 scallops, two shrimp and a piece of what appeared to be fried talapia (the cheapest fish you can find). Honestly, I could've gotten better seafood at the little corner seafood restaurant. Service wasn't good either, only 3 booths were occupied and I constantly had to look for my waitress to request different things like hot sauce, butter etc. The highlife of the night was my cranberry martini, nothing else worthy of a return visit.It is just ok. Service was very slow and the waitress had NO personality. The only reason why we went was because of the Groupon $25 for $50. Don't think we would go back again. Much better places to get seafood in Philly.I won't return.  I bought two $50.00 certificates from CBS Local before looking at the reviews.  Shame on me for not doing so because I shouid have known better.  If you eat crab anything at this place it will be good.  
My flounder tonight was bad.  It smelled bad and it tasted bad.  The prices at this restaurant for an entree is too high for the quality of food served.  Again, eat crab, because anything else you take your chances.    
My friends linguine with tomato sauce was overcooked and the sauce was brown not red.  I could tell just by looking at it, that it was cooked continuously all day.  Shame on the waitress for serving it and shame on the cook (not a chef) for allowing it to exit his kitchen.  
When you buy an entree for twenty-eight Dollars and it consists of a large piece of Tilapia plus the pasta and the chef allows such an abomination to be served one must say enough is enough.
I blame all involved for allowing sub-standard food to be put on the table.  
The coupons are gone and so are we.  We will never return unless an all you can eat crab meal is in order.Food leaves something to be desired.   A very busy place which has nothing to do with the rating that I choose.  However, I have tasted better.  I normally do not venture to Delaware since I live in PA, but my girlfriend at the time swears by this establishment.  I wont be going back.Do not believe the Philadelphia Visitor Channel hype on this place.   You're better off at Long John Silver's.  Gets two stars because our waiter was a sweetie and the Clam chowder was served warm.  Oysters were so-so.  Clams were no-go.  Soft-shell crabs were uh-oh.  Hubby and I wanted to split an entree, and we were told that we couldn't, so we were forced to order an additional entree we didn't want.  This review has NOTHING to do with the Super 70's ambiance.  I love kitsch.Went here on a whim for restaurant week. The mussels were good, a tad salty for my taste but good. The prices for the type of atmosphere were a bit high for my taste. Reminded me of a diner. Definitely a family/comfy mom n pop feel. Service was great. Very friendly staffI always wanted to try Dinardo's . Best part of the meal: calamari appetizer, iced tea and cheesecake.  Service was outstanding...otherwise the rest of the meal was very disappointing.
Too  lazy to mess with crabs, we decided to order the lump crabmeat that the server said was the same thing outside the shell. What we got was a little dish of crabmeat with a lemon wedge...no seasoning, no butter no flavor. My friend asked for cocktail sauce for the sole purpose of getting some taste into this crabmeat. She ordered the "famous fries" which amounted to a palm-sized amount of fries that looked and tasted like any other fries you've ever eaten. I had a baked potato & we both had broccoli (3 little florets cooked fine). 
Maybe our experience would have been different had we ordered the hardshell crabs, but I can't say that given their lack of attention to other menu items.RIP OFF!!!! The menu completely lies when they say they have jumbo lump crab that is supposedly "famous."   What they DO manage though is to overcharge for small plastic cups of disgusting orange sauce with miniscule crab bites and what seems to be soup from a can, again without jumbo lump crab.
The staff was very sweet and attentive.  Perhaps its the high check averages that create the good tips, allowing them to energetically serve an inferior product at this establishment.  I guess the fishing lure/fishing pole "artwork" was something cool to marvel at while we sat in a diner booth.   But it seemed elementary for fine dining prices.
In fairness, we tried to go to three other places for lunch that were closed on a Tuesday in Philly, which was weird in and of itself, so we at that point had little choice as we were starving.  But I am just saying, IF you advertise, please just be honest......and get the prices in line with everything else.  
Go at your own risk. Nobody likes a liar.Love the freestyle crabs. Just keep ordering them with great spicy seasoning. Be ready to get messy!Overpriced and definitely over rated. We left there feeling totally ripped off. The steam cooked hard shell crabs were described as jumbo @ eleven dollars apiece. When they arrived they were medium size. The Crab cake was good. The presentation leaves a lot to be desired. It appears that food is just thrown on a plate. This was our first time there and unfortunately will be our last. Keep your expectations low if you decide to try this place.I went on a Wednesday evening with my mother. 2 people, walk-ins. Waited 35 minutes for a table, 30 for a sever, 25 for drinks, another 15 to order food, and finally we got out food an hour later. I am not exaggerating in the least. If anything, I'm giving time. I got crabs with the "special sauce", seasoning of herbs (thyme, oregano, basil, crushed red pepper), olive oil and some chili oil. They were OK but not worth the $8 a piece or whatever they were. My mom got a salmon dish and she didn't particularly care for it either. All in all, I think it was like $65 and 2.75 hours. I came hungry and left hungrier.If u eat crabs and you are in the Philly area this is a place u wanna go. They put paper down give u a bucket of whole crabs and let u get busy.  That's the best part. Its a hiden gem but worth finding if u love seafood!Upon first impression, one might think that this restaurant would be a disappointment. However, the food and service exceeded expectations. The calamari and buffalo shrimp were tasty and not greasy, the soft shell and blue crab were fresh. The crab bisque was yummy too! Definitely an unexpected gem! The value for the money is two thumbs up!Popin ! SO LIT. I ordered crab balls and they were good .... But I ordered a grilled chicken Cesar salad but it was a garden salad. They might not know the difference lol.We were there at 1pm on Friday, July 3rd and we honestly didn't think they were open.  There was only one other table of diners eating.  My wifes chower came to the table totally cold and had to have it sent back and warmed up.  We were not impressed.dont waste your time!!! the worlds worst crabs.. over cooked consistently!  cramped seating!  poor service!  you'll wind up sitting on a heater at the bar if you're lucky enough to fit in the room for 2 hours waiting for a drink.  save your time and money!!Mixed feelings. My entree was good but ...
Decor-Like everyone else has said, the decor is very outdated and similar to a Long John Silver's from the 90s or a cheesy restaurant down the shore. It seems clean but very cheesy. I wouldn't host a business lunch here. 
Food-The market price for crabs was fairly expensive so I skipped them. The seafood pescatore was loaded with mussels, shrimp, scallops, and crabmeat and was a good portion for the $33 price. The bf had scallops which tasted great but were soaked in oil and came with French fries which is an odd choice for fresh seafood. The menu needs some updating-more fresh fish, not fried or broiled.I'd give it only a 4 stars 
I honestly wasn't crazy about the food,
Although the hostess and server Cindy were very nice. 
It was trying to be a bit New Orleans but not so. 
Restaurant is outdated. 
I ordered a clam chowder, a little too thick as it was standing for a minute, too big as well. 
The scallops and shrimp were good, I didn't try the crab cake or sole we had, the crab legs were nice also 
My son had calamari 
They were nice to accommodate with removing the tentacles pieces for him, otherwise he would have flipped out.
It was easily accessible, not crowded. 
Bathroom was clean 
I just was turned off by the clam chowder.
Friendly staff, full bar. If you want the traditional crab, it's available. 
Lobster is not, nor are corn fritters. 
It was a one time stop for me.This place is very low scale with outdated and poorly kept furnishings. It felt like a Denny's with Ruth's Chris prices. I will not be back.My wife and I went tonight. We were really disappointed with the food and the service. It was truly a waste of a hundred dollars.I was pleasantly surprised about the exceptional food and friendly service.  I purchased a groupon and it was the best anniversary lunch I had.  The seafood salad was crazy good.  Cindy was a great server!Atmosphere was not what I was expecting, felt like I was in a TGIFridays for Seafood or a really really old persons shore house. Service was not that great, it took a while to be seated (even though I had reservations) and waiter took a long time to give everything but the desert menu and the bill. Although, the staff was super friendly and nice. Food was good, not great.The blue crabs are so juicy! Service is good and the atmosphere is chill. My first time here for a friend BDAY and he enjoyed it as well. The seafood was overall pretty fresh and would def come back for another visit :)My hopes were so high-dashed like the innocent waiting for a Septa bus that never comes....
I was so excited to try this place, but as I sit here, my stomach is actually upset and swirling around asking me, why, why, why did you eat that?
As another reviewer stated, I've had better seafood at Red Lobster.  But I want to accentuate, I would have LOVED to have been a Red Lobster tonight instead of this place.  
Pros:  I like the atmosphere, casual, laid-back with fish hooks and such.  The staff was friendly.
Cons:  The food.  The price.
The Result:  Not again.
So what did I have that was so terrible?  The crab cake, actually.  It was worse than some frozen heat-and-eats that I've had.  The only flavor that was distinct was salt., not succulent crab meat.  Salt from the ocean or the chef?  I dunno, and it doesn't matter.  Gross!  My dining companion loved the buffalo fried shrimp, but geez what place in town can't fry shrimp?  If you serve gross fried shrimp you've worked hard to do it.  So I give no extra credit for having good friend shrimp.  The entrees were served with a humble baked potato and salty broccoli.  No sour cream, bacon bits or anything to dress up the potato.  How cute, you've left the foil on it for me to peel off...I have plenty of time to do so since you haven't refilled my water....
Mr. Dinardo might as well be Captain D's or Long John Silver's.  Red Lobster is a step above this joint.Oh so great! Garlic crabs... Stop, just get the garlic crabs...
I am a big fan of garlic crabs of all sorts after having tried them in FL over a decade ago. Dinardo's does not disappoint. Great Maryland Blue Crabs oh so garlicky. Perfectly cooked. Only issue is that it takes me so long to suck on two that the third and any side dish is cold before I get to them. I wish they gave you bread to mop up the garlic boil because it is oh so tasty by itself.
Street parking can be a bit of a problem so arrive early if you have a reservation. We walked in on a Tuesday night and pretty much had the restaurant to ourselves.We took my mother here for her birthday and what a disappointment!  Service was just okay and for the cost of the meals the food was bland. The crab soup was a big glob of almost more pudding- like substance. Each platter was about $25-30 and the quality just wasn't there. I had the crab imperial which was bland. The broccoli was cold, and the award winning fries were nothing more than regular, plain old steak fries. Also, the decor was outdated and run down. For the money you are going to pay I suggest you try someplace that had atmosphere and where the quality of food is better! I will not be going back.Ok so the main reason this place isn't getting 4 stars from me is really just because it was super smelly and obviously was an incredibly old place that really really needed to be fixed up.  I was honestly grossed out walking in there by the oldness of everything and of course that stench of fish... and I love seafood but I don't want everything to smell like a cafeteria full of it.  Anyway, I ordered the fish and chips which were honestly awesome, so I do feel bad about the three stars - but if they cleaned up the place it would be a solid four!  Their crab was also pretty delightful - you just have to work for it by cracking it all open!  
Worth a try!I don't recall this place being so bad.  It's been 10 years, though.  Bartender and server were nice and attentive.  The food and menu need an overhaul.  The crabs were small and didn't have any meat.  My other friends ordered items other than crabs and didn't care for it.  I won't be going back.  The owner needs to read these reviews and make some serious changes.Been coming here for years and they never disappoint. Great crabs. I'm also a fan of their clam chowder, fried calamari, and salmon. Desserts are awesome as well
To be honest, I never had a bad experience and love the decor. Don't know what this is all about...I think this place is getting a bad rap. If you want great crab cakes ,lobster bisque, and snotty decor then travel over to Devons Grill in rittenhouse. Its great. If you want great soup or entrees then dinardos may not be the best choice for you. But you come to this place for the crabs. And in my opinion they are fantastic. I am at this place on Mondays for the all you can eat regular and garlic crabs plus fries for $30.The garlics come cleaned and steaming hot. the regulars are always juicy and meaty. Ive been coming here since i was 8 yrs old and have never ordered anything else besides Crabs, and Fries.
If thats what your looking for then its your place. I would be very interested to here some other places that are on the same level for crabs in the city.DiNardo's is the kind of place that I've passed by no less than 400 times since moving into the City.  I walk past, run past, ride past... but have never taken the time to stop in.  That is, until Groupon blessed me with a deal I couldn't refuse.
Last night the man-friend and I ventured out with groupon in hand (well, with iphone in hand and groupon loaded onto the iphone), excited for some seafood.  The first thing we noticed was the decor--We were happy that this place had a much more casual feel to it than we were expecting.  Though we had reservations, that didn't seem to matter since there were plenty of open tables and we were seated immediately by the super friendly hostess.  
We ordered the mussels in red as our appetizer, and the Tuna special (with crab meat) with a side of linguini and the crab stuffed shrimp with a side of their "famous fries" as our entrees.  The mussels were perfectly cooked, and the red sauce had a nice mild spice to it.  Perfect for dipping bread into once the mussels have disappeared (which happens more quickly than I'd like to admit).  The stuffed shrimp were tasty, and perfectly prepared.  I must say, though... they really skimped on the "famous fries."  First of all: there is nothing really special about them... regular ole fries with a sprinkling of old bay seasoning?  How are these famous?  They don't even hold a candle to Chickie's and Pete's fries... But anyway, there were maybe 10, 15 fries on the plate at most.  It really made the plate look skimpy.  Aside from that, the meal was okay.  Nothing to write home about.
The tuna dish was pretty bangin.  Perfectly cooked and tender, with lots of crab meat on top.  The glaze was a sweet-ish sesame sauce, which tasted great as well.  And I was a big fan of the white wine and garlic sauce they used for the side of linguini.
All-in-all, I definitely wouldn't come back without a groupon, but I'm glad we had a chance to try this place.Visiting on vacay at the rec of a friend. Good crabs for Philly! Bread before the meal was ok. Crab cake special was rich and flavorful. The shrimp cocktail was good but not "jumbo". Crab soup was delicious. Baked potato came with sour cream. Linguine was actually very good. Very friendly staff. Crabs were delightful.I love the crab cakes!! Had them twice on a 3 day trip to Philadelphia. Full of meat and cooked just right.NEVER AGAIN.
I was there the other night with a friend (her 1st time).  I had not been there in a long time but used to go often.  Was looking forward to the crabs.  My "1",  $11 crab was mushy and cold.  Our waiter did ask if everything was ok and that was before I actually got into the crab.  Later when I he came back and I told him I had eaten about 1/2 of it and he said I should have mentioned it earlier and it would have been replaced.  IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN REPLACED AS SOON AS I MENTIONED IT INSTEAD OF LETTING ME EAT A BAD CRAB.  It was not replaced.
The snapper soup was just fair and the stuffed mushrooms were only fair also.Came here for dinner with my parents and my boyfriend. Our waiter was top-notch with taking our orders and explaining the menu. Overall it was a fun experience and the food was good (not great). We ordered jumbo crabs and they were medium sized at best which was definitely disappointing given the price. Not a huge fan of the interior design but hey crabs aren't about fine dining.I went with my roommate and did the $35-dollar restaurant week deal. I ordered the raw bar trio and the fish of the day which is Tuna with a ginger sauce and some sort of crab on top. My roommate ordered buffalo Shrimp and a petite fillet/w crab cake. To make this short and simple, service was HORRIBLE. If it was crowded, it would be a different story. Food timing was HORRIBLE. It took about a good 20 minutes to prepare my RAW food and fry about 4 pieces of shrimp and dump some sauce on it. Food presentations was HORRIBLE. It looked like a child put the plate together, to dress up the plate, all they did was sprinkle a TON of unnecessary parsley all over the plate which was HIGHLY UNENECESSARY. My tuna was WAY OVER COOKED and had a RUBBER consistency AND they FORGOT to put the 2-3 oz crab on top. My baked potato was burnt and overcooked. Butter and sour cream was only available on request. To top it all off, they ran out of ALL but one of the deserts for RESTAURANT WEEK. The only thing available was some crappy cake. When I talked to the "manager" she was unmoved and not apologetic. All she did was give my meal for free. It seemed like she did not even care. I received NO apology. To top that off, the people that were in front of us when we got there, also got HORRIBLE SERVICE AND FOOD. All I can say is that the FOOD, SERVICE, AMBIANCE WAS HORRIBLE. This "manager" needs to get her act together if she wants to make that business succeed. This restaurant dwells in the past and cannot succeed if they don't move and cater to the newer generations. YES, they may have been the best seafood place back in the day, BUT TODAY they completely failed at that.  You would think they would prepare for Restaurant Week if they participated in it. They should have enough food and have the staff working over 100% to show the new customers who they really are and what they are known for. They completely FAILED at gaining new customers.  For what I see now, management is sinking this ship fast.The best place in Philly for crabs and they clean them for you!  Make sure you get triple x jumbos as regular jumbo's aren't what you'd expect. Every time we've been we have only had crabs and fries so we can't comment on any of the dishes. The crabs were great and the atmosphere is unique even though a bit out dated. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes crabs.It was great that I could make reservations via opentable.com through the link on yelp.. the limitations on available times made me think it was going to be packed!!. When we got there, there were seats everywhere!! If you decide to head here after this review, call the restaurant instead for reservations.
Waitress was great, friendly.
Food, not so memorable, however the high price tags were...
$7 for a side off so-so pasta was robbery. We had to send the famous fries, (your everyday crabfries with old bay) were a complete salt- lick! The New England clam chowder was fantastic! The crab cocktail was amazing. Fried oysters were ok. Tilapia with crab special was good. The shrimp stuffed with crab meat was good MINUS the hair we found IN the last shrimp. The filet was cooked nicely. The broccoli looked nasty and no one ate theirs. My crab imperial was nice, and came out piping hot! The side of pasta in garlic and oil was good, just wish they have you a larger portion size. The Jumbo lump crab cake was good, but just know that you only get ONE, and not two like the menu says.. evidently a misprint in their menu. We passed on dessert, just a bunch of slices of cake that didn't impress..
Overall, glad that we finally visited thus iconic Philadelphia establishment.. won't go back.You can tell this place is a long time institution in Philadelphia. Sort of retro cheesy decor, lots of crabs on the wall, news paper articles from the 70's talking about best fries and crabs in Philly etc. The food was good, I had new England chowder and the scallops. But it was a little pricey. I am sure these owners are very set in their ways. They could use a visit from that Gordon Ramsay guy I think. I was not overly wowed by this place but it was decent.My boyfriend & I went to DiNardo's on New Years Eve to do something a little different this year.  The atmosphere was very outdated & was way too bright & quiet for my taste.  It seemed more like a cafeteria ambiance than $40 plate restaurant.  My crab leg trio was delicious, but $40 was a bit too expensive for not even getting a salad.  I did get a side of linguini marinara, which was very bland & the worst part of the meal.  The mushroom appetizer was ok, although I thought they were a little fishy tasting (yes I know it's seafood) & would've liked some more flavor - maybe a garlic butter or parmesan stuffing.  The boyfriend enjoyed the blue crabs and we both left extremely full.  The service was mediocre.  The waitress was attentive at first, but then when a table she knew came in, we didn't see her again until we asked to see the dessert tray - which she was "too busy" to show us and had someone else do.  We opted not to get dessert and she did bring us the check.  Our drinks were not refilled in a timely manner either.  If DiNardo's had a nicer atmosphere OR cheaper prices, I'd know how to classify it & probably rate it better.  As it is, the prices were just too high for what we got and I don't see us going back.Service was good but unfortunately the food wasn't. For a place that specialized in seafood you would think freshness was their main goal.
We had the special crab meat nachos to start. The dish was huge and nachos were good! However, it is pretty hard to mess up tortilla chips and cheese so not much credit there. 
Next we had the crab meat cocktail. The crab meat was served chilled with cocktail sauce however it's freshness was questionable.
The main dish was the seafood combination platter. This came with a king crab leg bunch, scallops, jumbo shrimp, crab cakes, and a piece of flounder. The crab legs were old and dry! A terrible disappointment since it was the main piece of food. The crab cakes tasted dry and pasty. The scallops were good, no complaints. The jumbo shrimp were regular looking not so jumbo shrimp butterflied with seasoning. Overall the main dish was disappointing for $35! 
For the prices here, you can go to Devon's Seafood grill in Rittenhouse and get 10x's better food!