The mushroom quesadilla was the best one I tried in my life. Very fresh ingredients and crispy. Tofu burrito was good. We also had a shrimp cocktail mix with guacamole which was out of this earthSeating was horrible: We came in without a reservation into a half full restaurant and were tried to seated three times: 1st direct at the exit, 2nd into the beetle and 3rd at the bar. The waitress promised us that she'll seat us to an appropiate table on the 2nd floor within 20-30 minutes. After one hour we ordered some nachos at the bar which came fast and were delicious. We've never seen the waitress again during 2 hours although about 10 or 12 tables around us weren't occupied.I had heard great things about Distrito so I was dying to go!  Overall I had a great time.  I was kind of disappointed that we went during dining days because we were only allowed to order off of that menu, which was fine, but there were other dishes that I had wanted to try and they were not available.  For the first course we had gauc, shrimp ceviche, and a tostada.  The tostada was just alright but the gauc was good as well as the ceviche!  I was hesitant to try a shrimp ceviche but the flavor was awesome!  Then for our second  course we had mahi tacos, the mushroom flatbread, and the scallops.  I was extremely disappointed in the scallops.  They were not that flavorful at all.  The tacos were awesome and the flatbread was amazing because I am a sucker for any truffle and mushroom combination.  For drinks we had a watermelon marg as well as a pineapple and a glass of red sangria.  I would not reccommed the sangria.  The watermelon marg was awesome but the pineapple one was amazinggg!!  I am a hardcore margarita fan and I am also extremely picky.  They were perfectly light and refreshing without being too sweet.  I hate sweet things or anything fake.  To end we both had the chocolate dessert which was so yummy.  I would love to go back again and try more off of the regular menu.  All of the staff were very nice as well.  Service was good not great but we had an awesomeee time!!To be honest, I expected very little from this place and was completely put off by the gaudy decor, but the food made up for it all.
They had some very interesting dishes, but still stuck to the tradition in a lot of ways.  The margaritas are really good, but not the best I've ever had (try whatever marg flavor they have for the day - the fruit flavors are delicious!). I really enjoyed the yellowtail tacos and tuna ceviche and my friend ordered the "District Chicken", which smelled oustanding. The meat was juicy with a crispy spicy sauce on the outside. The yuca fries were really crispy and more starchy in the middle than the one's I've had at other places. All in all - defintely a great find! I wish my stomach was bigger so I could try more :-/
The service was good, the place is gigantic (great for a birthday dinner!) and the location is fairly convenient for U.City kids. Prices are a bit high, but you're paying for atmosphere, quality and the portion size (which is generous).
Note - I didn't get to try it, but the chips and guac on the table next to us looked good and I remember hearing "mmm's" coming from their table.I would really love to say that I liked this place, but I can't.  There is no question that the decor is sweet.  We sat in a huge wrap around wicker booth which was super cute, but am I here for the seating or the food?  We were a party of 5 and had the tasting menu, but I felt like it was the tasting menu for 2.  When someone pays over $300.00 for a meal, I feel like you should get more than a tiny bite of something. One tiny flat bread for 5 people...come on!  All that being said, the coffee is to die for...the end!Got a chance to finally try Distrito as a part of the University City Dining Days.  With a 7:30 reservation in hand for a Sunday night we were ready to go.  
The Great:  All of our food was flavorful and the portions were a perfect size.  I left dinner full but not disgustingly full.  Some highlights for me were the esquites, the guacamole (I love guac with big chunks), the fried plantains, and the chicken tacos.
The A-OK:  Had a 7:30 reservation and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, which is fine but the restaurant did not look that busy.  The service was also disjointed at times, entrees came out while we were still working on apps, one of our entrees came out way before the rest.  
Overall a great meal, great ambience in the restaurant.  The shortcomings on the service end make me err away from a higher rating.Sorry but I think this place suffers from University City grade inflation.  While the idea of Mexican "tapas" is novel, it's not my idea of proper Mexican food.  The portions were small, expensive and left me hungry.  The sangria pitchers were expensive and small. The minimalist/modern restaurant decor seemed dated and the overall dining experience was not worth the price of admission.  This might work for a college student looking to impress his date but for grownups, unless you had your stomach recently stapled, I would pass on the hyped cuisine of chef Jose Garces.If you're expecting the traditional Taco joint menu, go elsewhere. Distrito is my favorite Mexican option in Philly. Great food and drinks in a really fun atmosphere. 
This place is not for everybody. Its bright, its loud, and its young. Don't bother going here if you're expecting a good value. Distrito is probably a bit overpriced, but its worth it. On the downside, the service can be a bit unreliable, and the layout is a little too big for my liking.  
Overall, its definitely worth the trip.The food here was great, a very special treatment of a lot of standard mexican food. The atmosphere was a little more casual than some of Garces's other restaurants, I wish the price was a little more casual though.Debated whether or not to give 4 or 5 stars, but finally convinced myself that our overall experience was worth 5.
We went as a party of 10, and made reservations, however they gave us 2 separate tables that were not close enough for us. After requesting a different table, at first they didn't want to accommodate, however they did finally give us a table for all of us after making us wait another 20 minutes or so.
Aside from this one hiccup, the rest of the evening was actually quite enjoyable. First off, I have to mention, that the house margaritas are killer! I would definitely recommend ordering a few glasses, or better yet a few pitchers, to go with your meal!
The food is tapas style, and it is meant to be shared. 90% of our group was vegetarian (I was the only holdout lol), so we got double orders of chips & guacamole and the veggie nachos for appetizers. The guacamole was very good, clearly freshly made and very tasty. But the best appetizer was without a doubt the nachos. They come out piping hot and full of flavor, with a great assortment of veggies! Vegetarian or not, order these and you won't regret it!
We had so many dishes for dinner, I can't really remember them all, but in all honesty I decided to order a few meat based dishes for myself. I got the carnitas (pork) tacos, and the queso fundido (with duck barbacoa). The carnitas tacos sounded enticing because of the pineapple salsa, but to be honest this was not very noticeable. All in all a good taco, but got kind of soggy so I would suggest a hard shell for this...But the queso fundido was outstanding! The meat was tender, and the overall dish was perfectly spiced!
On top of the great food, the service was top quality. Our waiter was very patient, which is important when you are a group of 10, and everything came out as ordered in a timely manner. Can't wait to go back and try different stuff (fyi, they have one table that is a "car", might want to look into reserving that if you are a group of 4 or less)Amazing food, great service, small portions. This is a hot spot in Philly so I recommend that tourists give it a try. You won't be disappointed!I went last night (a Sunday) during University City Dining days. This is a local 2-week long "restaurant Week" promotion. I don't think the regular menu was available, you might want to call and check. The special included 4 small plates and a tiny desert per person for $30. It was definitely enough food! Everything was good, especially the shrimp civiche and the scallops, and the pana cotta dessert. ( I will be attempting these dishes at home!) Overall, it was a good value for a very nice dinner, but I'm not sure if I would go if there wasn't a special, the regular prices are rather steep for small plates. The drinks were also very nice, not too sweet, and fresh juices.
PS. We saw Jose Garces and his family eating dinner on our way out:)Didn't taste like Mexican food at all, service not that good. Cool for drink tho babe guessDisclaimer: I don't like Mexican food.
That being said, I went to Distrito with my bf who loves Mexican food. I was expecting a more Tex Mex menu. Boy was I mistaken. This is authentic Mexican food that just wasn't my cup of tea.
The guacamole and crab was average. The crab tasted frozen and the taste of freezer burn can ruin anything. The plates were super super tiny and very expensive. When our food finally came it was all extremely spicy. As someone who can't handle too much spice I couldn't eat half of my dishes.
The service was lacking and after taking our initial order, our waiter never came to check on us once. We flagged him down to get my leftovers wrapped and to grab our check.
The ambiance is cool. There's a fifties drive-in movie style car that you can actually eat in. I would definitely recommend this place for a date or a girl's night out with fruity cocktails. Their margaritas are tasty!I wanted to check out this Garces restaurant.  While dining with my friend Matt, we went to check out his Mexican tapas venture.  The meal is good, but doesn't blow one away.  To add to the average dining experience, the decor of the entire place is quite kitschy.
Even though the portions are pretty small, they're also pretty filling.  The food doesn't come out as quickly as I'd like; dinner took about 90 minutes and we were often sitting without any food on the table.
Overall, the dishes are hit or miss.  For the chips and guacamole, the chips were far too salty and I've had better guac from the grocery store.  We ordered two ceviches, and neither were as acidic as they should be.  I believe ceviche should have a noticeable citrus base, and the shrimp and octopus didn't really.  I still enjoyed the octopus, but the shrimp is a miss.
The fruit salad with lemon sorbet was pretty solid, and overall, the mains were good.  The mahi tacos has great, slightly smokey flavor.  The chorizo fundido is a cheesy mess that you place on small tortillas, again, pretty good.  
The best part of the entire meal was the mushroom flatbread, and it's the only thing I ate that left a lasting impression.  Dessert was fine but forgettable.
Beer here is disappointing.  They have about five drafts, but two were kicked, and charging $6 for Dos Equis and a dollar less for Corona bottles is is huge stretch.  
Bottom Line: The meal was pretty good, and the service was good too.  I just can get better food at at better price a few other places.  I enjoyed dinner but don't see myself ever visiting again.This was our favorite restaurant during a recent trip to Phiilly. We are big fans of Iron Chef Jose Garces so had to try some of his many establishments in Philly. Our only regret was that we only ate here once. I dimed here with husband and college-aged daughters and we all loved  the food and the unique decor. 
We started with drinks and guacamole at the bar (since it was still happy hour) and then moved to one of the large wicker booths.  We loved the colors and design of this unique place. It reminded me of a Barbie  house with the bright pink, beads and other whimsical touches like the swings!  
The food was more than a match for the original decor. Amazing course after course of wonderful small plates. Hard to pick a favorite but the Kobe beef tacos were amazing as we're the short rib and mushroom huaraches (flatbreads), the arroz con creama and the. Only item I would have skipped was the ceviche....good but not outstanding. 
We decided to go for dessert, even though we were stuffed as it sounded too good to pass up and it was! We shared tres leche cake, flan and churros (excellent but nothing can beat the churros at XOCO in Chicago).
Wish we had time to come back here for another meal. Well done Jose!!The family and I had dinner here after my brother-in-law's graduation from Dental School. This was a very cool place to have a celebratory dinner. The wait was not bad for our party of 10 on a Friday night and the staff were quick and helpful. it was tapas style so we ordered a number of items and shared them. Everything was delicious and beautiful. We also ordered pitchers of margarita which was very tasty. By the time we were done we were stuffed and the bill was ridiculously high, but how many times will the family get together to celebrate something so cool? The location is a bit away from the main city and we had a cab it out there then walked it back (since we ate so much) but clearly regretted it when we got home (it is a very long walk but can be done). The place itself is decorated very cool and festive. I would only go here for special occasions due to the prices but it is definitely enjoyable all around.Amazed that there are so many good reviews. Two of our four orders yesterday were inedible. The shrimp was somehow mealy/fishy which I've never encountered anywhere else before. I rarely write reviews but this was such a disappointment I had to share.Try:
CHILANGO CHOP SALAD
Chicken, Chihuahua Cheese, Epazote, Red Chili Sauce enchiladas
refried beans (FRIJOLES REFRITOS)
PLÁNTANO Y CREMA
tacos
Skip:
flan
guacamole (i'm not a fan of their chips; too thick and not very flavorful)
- there is needless sour cream and cheese on everything.  def can't hold a candle to rosa mexicana, pampano or baby bo's in manhattan.  more on par w/ dos caminos.  even the salsa is too watery and has too much lime in it.The atmosphere is exciting and exotic, the service is friendly and fun, and the drinks are dangerously delicious. If that is what you appreciate on a dining night out, than you're in for a treat at Distrito. Yet, if you are a foodie (like myself) and weigh your experience heavily on meals, anticipate disappointment. Easily put, Jose Garces' meals offer nothing beyond your familiar mexican flavors. Dynamic plating and riveting descriptions may fool some diners, but the lackluster flavors and greasy after tastes of most of his dishes won't be missed by those paying attention to their meal.Service was very prompt and our server was very friendly. 
My wife and I ordered about 5 different taco plates and shared them. (I really like tacos so I ended up eating most of them). Also ordered their guacomole which was outstanding. 
The tacos were all good, but I wasn't floored by any of them. I'm a huge fish taco fan and I felt that these were lacking. They had a very thick breading when compared to other fish tacos i've had. Including the fish tacos at the Distrito Taco Truck in Revel Casino (Which are a 10/10 btw). 
I wish there was a 3.5 star option b/c I don't think 3 is high enough and 4 is being too generous. I recommend the place but I definitely wouldn't say it's my best taco dining experience.Super funky place! Interesting and fun decor. Ok food. Tapas style.This place is always a solid choice.  I had some friends in from out of town and decided upon Distrito as it accommodates larger groups.  The atmosphere is very unique and really adds to the experience.
All the food we ordered was on point and very tasty.  Service was great.  I'll be back.Went here as a part of University City Dining Days and was very impressed! The only other Jose Garces restaurant I've been to was Tinto and I definitely liked this more. Very cool place and the atmosphere was very fun. I
I started off with two plates of ceviche. Both were incredible. The hamachi had a nice sweet taste while the pulpo and some spice to it. I also ordered the enchilada de cangrejo and hamachi taco. The enchilada was good but I wasn't crazy about the taco. Probably because the hamachi was fried and I don't care for fried fish.
Their sangria was fair, but a little too watered down. For dessert, I ordered the flan. It was tiny, but that was probably for the better after all I had eaten.I didn't think that much of Distritos.  I think if my table had been seated in the VW bug that would have earned them one more star for novelty alone, but overall i thought it was unnoteworthy.  
The food was fine, and the service was pretty good.  They really pushed the tasting menu on us, but ultimately we chose our own plates a la carte.  I'm glad we did so as we didn't need nearly as many plates for a solid dinner as the server had told us we would.  
I went with friends on a weeknight who were visiting from out of state.  The atmosphere wasn't that fun.  Sure, they have some neon lights, but the place just didn't have much personality.  Maybe it was just the time of the week, but on this particular Thursday evening in December 2011, the place was swimming with middleaged folk; I guess its a go-to for the out-of-town business crowd.  Just not what I was expecting.$15 lunch special which includes app + entree and ice tea.
Got the salad as an app which was pretty good.
I got the chorizo tacos and my friend got the mahi mahi tacos. They were so small and only came with 2. The chorizo tacos was nothing special. The chorizo was dry, which I've never experienced before.
I've had better and larger tacos at more authentic places (in South Philly) for the same price of $6 (and it usually comes with 3 tacos).
The mahi mahi tacos had a bit of slaw on top of a fried piece of fish and a slice of avocado. Definitely not worth the price tag.
Not impressed at all.First off, I have to say that I am shocked that I have to write a negative review of this place. 
I've been to Distrito for dinner once before, a few years back when the paint was still wet...and the service was fantastic.  Jose Garces' establishments have an incredible reputation and it absolutely exceeded my expectations.
Now, last Saturday, after many missed opportunities, I was finally able to go back for dinner for University City Dining Days. The bf and I have been lacking quality time together lately and thought Distrito would be the perfect backdrop for our romantic date night.  We made an 8:30 pm reservation and got dressed to. the. nines.  I rarely dress up, but this was a special night!
We got to Distrito a little before 8:30 and I excitedly greeted the host.  The place was buzzing but not to the point of a frenzy and we were asked to wait a few minutes.  Another woman came and sat us down; we literally walked 4 steps and were at our table.  Huh, what?!  THIS is  the table we had to wait for?  And of course we had the pleasure of admiring other couples walking in, dressed up like us, but being escorted upstairs to the swinging chairs and other fun things.  I had a view of the staircase and my bf had a view of the slop sink.  Atmosphere! 
Now the food:  It was fantastic.  We loved the ceviche, the guac, the chicken enchilada, the mushroom flatbread, and the plaintains!  The carnitas tacos were a bit dry and the "pork rinds" weren't my favorite. The desserts were tiny yet delicious.
Drinks:  They were just okay.  He had the cucumber house margarita that was very tasty, and I had the watermelon...but they were both watered down.  I followed up with a sangria that was very basic...I've had better sangria at Public House.  
Maybe I'm wrong, but I thought Distrito was all about atmosphere?  For a 3 dollar sign establishment, I expect a lot more: excellent service and top-notch drinks.  .  Perhaps they are more laid back in the summer months since school's out, but I will not be coming back any time soon.  We'll have to try again elsewhere for a nice summertime romantic dinner.The food is definitely overpriced. Complimentary chips and salsa, a Mexican restaurant staple, is not a thing here. Our order was messed up. Drinks infrequently refilled. Took a long time to get the check. Food was pretty good. Nevertheless, will not return nor recommend.Tacos are great! Taco tuesday is a great deal if you get the mahi mahi tacos (which are normally an extra dollar from the other choices). I've tried the chicken, ropa vieja, and mahi mahi and the fish is definitely my favorite. If you like a bit more spice and flavor go with the ropa vieja.
Chips and guac are good too, but nothing to write home about.
Service is pretty fast, though I haven't been there during peak hours. One time we were in a rush so we told the waitress and our food and appetizers were out within 10 minutes.Very trendy!! You walk in and see Mexican masks on the walls. The bar looks like a disco and deco is loud. The drinks are amazing but the mushroom tacos are better. Love the food here but is is not real Mexican. I love it but it is out of my stomping grounds by a few blocks so I do not come often as I like.Yes- this is my first 5 star!! Finally I felt i had a perfect dining experience, and again it was delivered by Jose Garces. After dining at Tinto, we decided to try Distrito's happy hour after receiving a good recommendation from our server. The decor here is awesome, and as mexican as you can get. Painted pink with great tabletops (see photo) and cool comfy chairs. I could see the wall with all the wrestler's masks as you went up the stairs (we didn't) and there's even an old beetle (mexico city's staple cabs, like NYC's crown vic's). Again, we were seated promptly and our server Brian was right there to explain the concept of the restaurant, which serves modern mexican food in small plates (again, well trained on the concept and explanation of all dishes and drinks). Great value on the happy hour menu, we ordered $3 Modelo Especial and started out with three dishes. The guacamole with cotija cheese and chips, the mahi mahi tacos and the chorizo fundido. The guacamole was fresh and tasty, and the chips were also fresh. The mahi mahi was a beautifull dish, with pickled cabbage and an avocado slice, but most importantly, FRIED fish, not grilled. Fried is definitely the way to go with fish tacos and these delivered, AMAZING! and next came the chorizo fundido, a little cast iron pot with bubbly cheese covering the most delicious mexican chorizo and peppers i have tasted in my life (mind you my first job was at a mexican taqueria, i had to make the stuff every day), it came with small flour tortillas and you made your own. By this point, believe it or not, we're almost feeling full, and we made the mistake of ordering off the regular dinner menu, but by mistake, i mean we went overboard; we ordered the huaraches, mexican flat breads with an array of toppings, I ordered the duck and manchego and my wife ordered the hongos (mushroom) and truffles and they were both so good that we almost ate the whole things, before stopping ourselves to avoid death by overeating! We took the rest back to our hotel and when i woke up, there was only a little bit left (my wife had the rest for breakfast). Overall a fantastic experience, which earned  5 stars hands down!I love the interiors! Distrito seems really vibrant and fun. I have tried this place out a couple of times and haven't been disappointed. They serve a traditional Mexican soda drink called Harritos I would recommend trying the Grapefruit flavor. I got the sweet plantains, chips with guacamole, mushroom flatbread. Instead of ordering traditional dessert like Churros I would suggest their hazelnut chocolate ice cream which to die for  Distrito is slightly on the pricier side however there portions make up for itDistrito has great mexican food with such a fun and cool vibe.  We have been there a few times. The first time we sat in a table upstairs and I thought it was kind of pricey, so we vowed that we would return and sit in the bar area downstairs. The bar area downstairs has the same feel as upstairs, except that bar menu is a lot cheaper.  Happy hour m-f 5-7.  Pork carnitas are a must. 
This is a good place for: happy hour, date night, birthday dinner, bachelorette party... 
If you like distrito, then you will love la calaca feliz, which I prefer...Went here for University City Dining Days, and it was pretty fun. For five people, with the $30 course menu and multiple drinks per person, it came out to around $250 plus tip, which was pricey, but still worth it for the quality of the food and the atmosphere, which was really, really noisy, but a lot of fun. I would definitely go back but would be more selective about what I ordered. Our waiter was pleasant and willing to put up with a lot of questions and the kitchen was pretty accomodating to some members of our party who were vegans and vegetarians.
As I said, it was worth it almost just for the atmosphere. All of the food was presented in such a cute, stylish way, and the swing booths and huge rattan-looking booths tucked into the corner and the wrestling masks made the whole thing just really fun.
The food I ordered was:
1st course:
Guacamole - it was good, nothing special. I probably shouldn't have gotten it and instead gone for something more adventurous, but I was in the mood for some chips and guac, and this more than sufficied. The chips were good but realllllly salty.
Octopus ceviche - this may have been tied for my favorite dish of the night! Gorgeously presented in a glass with the thin strips of octopus radiating up the sides, dotted with thinly sliced serrano chiles and garnished with lime and micro cilantro. The texture wasn't chewy, just delicious.
2nd course:
Queso fundido - This dish was incredibly rich but somehow managed to combine all of my favorite things---I was just too full after it to eat anything else! It comes out in a little dish, piping hot: pulled barbecued duck with green peppers and onions, covered in delicious, melted, broiled cheese, and a little basket of warm tortillas to scoop all of it into. Oh man. Heaven in your mouth.
Chicken enchiladas - They were good, nothing spectacular. I was really too full to enjoy them properly.
Dessert: Tres leches. This was, as people have noted, really more of a mousse, but it was still fantastic, and really rich. I could only eat a bite or two of it before giving the rest to a friend, which was a shame! It somehow managed to combine a few different textures into a mound the width of a dollar coin, with some of it smooth, some of it grainy, and all of it chocolatey as hell. It was accompanied by a mouth puckeringly-tart fruit reduction of some kind, and chopped tropical fruit on top that offered a nice counterpoint to all that richness. 
For drinks, I  had the house margarita and the frozen watermelon margarita, both of which were tasty and not watered down in the least. We had late reservations, around 8:15, and though we were seated later than that, we weren't rushed out even though we weren't done eating until around 10:30. The waiter definitely let us take our time and was very patient.
All in all, I had a great time with friends, great food, and if I ever have the money to spare, I'll definitely be coming back here again.Enjoyed brunch here today with the wife and son.  Both went with the enchiladas - some of the best I've ever had.  Huge thumbs up to the Margaritas - esp the Distrito!!  Can't wait to try some other Garces establishments.Stick with the Iron Chefs, the Food Network knows what it's doing.  Went here to take advantage of the $15 lunch special and it certainly was special.  
The ambiance is really, well, PINK.  Our table seemed to be made out of gold glitter and the chairs were woven out of multi-colored plastic rope.  I was instantly at ease.  
For $15, you get a choice of appetizer and entree with unlimited soda or iced tea.  The waiter messed up my soup order, so I got to try both the watermelon/tomato gazpacho and the pumpkin soup.  Both were delicious, but the gazpacho with lump crab meat was more subtle and hit the right balance of pre-dessert sweet.  For my entree, I got the forest mushroom and truffle flat bread.  It was luxurious and aromatic, but also well-portioned and hearty enough for lunch.  
I thoroughly enjoyed my first time at Distrito and will definitely go again for a very well-thought out and delightfully pink dining experience.Distrito is my go-to restaurant for dates or treating friends from out of town. Crotchety, boring diners won't appreciate the Pepto Bismol pink walls, glittery gold tabletops, and lucha libre masks studding the walls but it creates a visually stimulating environment and makes for great conversation. I love watching people's faces when they step into the restaurant- shock/confusion/amusement. 
The "modern Mexican" style is one of my favorites. Everything is tapas style and yes, you will need about 3-4 plates. Usually, I get the Camarones ceviche which is loaded with avocado and pretty refreshing. The tamales are cooked nicely and accompanied with juicy pork. The queso fundido is another one of my favorites- a must for cheese-lovers like myself. The margaritas are all very tasty albeit overpriced for frozen cocktails. 
I have an insatiable sweet tooth and am usually disappointed with the dessert selections at such restaurants. But Distrito's array of goodies is really suberb. The churros are nice and crispy, the panna cotta with fruits and granola is excellent, but my favorite is the flan. It is served with tiny almond cakes, the most succulent mango pieces, and my favorite, dulce de leche. Perfection.
If you are penny-pinching, yes, Distrito will probably disappoint you. Some dishes/drinks are very overpriced but you can kind of gauge the portions and see which ones are most cost-efficient. I will continue to come back here as long as Distrito exists. My fav of the Garces group.I ate here today slightly on the drunk side (Erin express did me in) but I have to say that it was mighty tasty and an overall great experience.  We had the nachos encarnación (steak), lengua tacos (beef tongue- my fav), carnitas tacos, shrimp ceviche, queso fundido (duck) and esquites (corn with queso).  Everything was plated beautifully, well-seasoned, and had its own distinct flavors.  Living in LA, I've grown an affinity to good Mexican and these were on par with some of the better meals I've had over there, at a slightly higher price of course.
Distrito, you have my thumbs up!A restaurant with great food where you can sit on SWINGS that has a hidden kareoke room ? SIGN ME UP. 
the food is OUTSTANDING.  Especially the Enchilada de Pollo 
the yellow fin tuna ceviche will send you to heaven and back 
and the tres leches to finish off with will just complete the picture.  
Its great for groups, and also great for a date
the bathrooms are....interesting.Distrito seems to me like a fine tuned Steven Starr joint. If that means nothing to you imagine over the top flashy decor, upbeat loungy music, bathrooms worth a conversation, and themed food tuned down to appeal to the masses. Service is knowledgeable but at times can be unattentive. The food is all really tasty, especially the mexican pizzas and tacos. One major critique of mine is the food always seems to be slightly under salted. I think when Distrito first opened they received too many complaints about over salting, and now they don't add any. So the food is usually perfect for me but I have to ask for a salt shaker. Overall it is a fun place to go with a group and drink and have fun light versions of Mexican food in a upbeat; bright space.if this place is being cheesy on purpose..
than bravo...lots of mismatched decor with hints of fluorescent..
and who could forget the never ending display of nacho libre playing on a huge film projector..
it was interesting to have a salad served to me with ice cubes in it..and then realizing the ice cubes were the dressing..so as it was melting it covered the salad...
the corn was neat and sweet to eat...served in a cup and cut up..kinda losing its novelty of picking your teeth using both your hands..
the chicken was flavorful..
the pizza not so good...
and the fish tacos..delightful!Distrito is a stylishly decorated restaurant with a lot of space. They have a pretty big bar downstairs and a big area to sit and eat upstairs. As you go up the steps you see luchador masks adorning the walls, which always makes me think  of Jack Black for some reason. There's a lot of lime/light green and pink, which I don't get but I guess it works. And yes there is a table with a VW bug interior in it downstairs.
The food here really isn't traditional Mexican, but more Mexican inspired. That being said, it's delicious. I have never truly had anything bad here. 
The guacamole is truly delicious. However it is expensive so be forewarned. Is it worth it? Probably, but at $10, its on the edge. Similarly the Ignacio nachos are really good and loaded. But at $9 its also on the expensive side for nachos.  
They had a lobster soup that was delicious, even after it was made vegetarian for my girlfriend. She loved it. I barely got a word in edgewise while she finished the soup.
Something to note is that the portions of the main menu items are not real big. It's kind of like Mexican tapas. So its best to order more than one dish and share.
My favorites from the main menu include the Los Hongos huarache, which is a pizza like creation with mushrooms, black truffles, corn, and cheese on it. It's ridiculously good. So much so that I ended up finishing my girlfriends portion when she couldn't eat anymore the first time. I actually liked it more than the Chilango, which had chorizo and ham on it. I also like the carnitas tacos. There's a lot of flavor packed into them, although they are on the small side.
The service is always very attentive and the food comes out at a decent pace. They servers were very helpful in trying to find vegetarian dishes that my girlfriend could eat. 
Overall the flavors you get here are really worth the price tag. I don't go here very often, but I savor each trip.Mediocre food. The over salted bland salsa and guacamole with no cilantro did not hit the spot for me. Mediocre service with the reminder by the server that gratuity was not include in the bill was an absolute crass gesture.I went without a reservation, and so the only free seating was the bar. Nevertheless, the ambiance was awesome and the service great! Can't say I loved the fake scorpions on the bar, but that's OK.
If you go for a light meal and go along with the tapa theme properly, you will not spend a lot of money and will not be upset by small portion sizes. I personally love tapa style restaurant so I enjoyed it!
The tacos, mahi mahi and chicken were great. Guac was really good too! I also had the esquite which was good, but not really my style.
Overall, a really good meal! Just not quite 5 stars for me.Brunch with good friends in a VW Taxi Cab turned restaurant booth. What more can you ask for??
Will revisit for lunch or dinner soon!
Great service and fun environment.I was disappointed with our visit this time around. We've been to Distrito multiple times because we love the food. Unfortunately, we came in to find the menu has changed, they no longer serve refried beans, (which were truly a great companion to any taco or burrito) some other food items were changed but that's what got my attention. In addition, we love the Jefe margarita drink. We ordered it as usual and the bartender took forever to make our drink, sadly, when we got it the glass was literally half empty. I was so upset. The waiter also took a really long time. Maybe he was new or stressed, but he was nice.Overall, it was okay but I expected much more. 
Best dish: Esquites, aka spicy corn sundae. 5 stars! Amazing balance of sweet from the corn, salt from the cheese, spicy from the chipotle sauce. Wow, you gotta order this one.
Pulpo ceviche (3 stars): Five thin slices of octopus for $12, that's rough. Decent but lacked depth and complexity.
Lengua tacos (4 stars): Great beefy flavor, solid portion size all things considered. Bargain at only $7 if you love beef tongue! 
Short rib huarache (3 stars): Tasty and tender pork but too greasy, too cheesy. You pretty much are ordering pizza on a tortilla, the term "flatbread" is a bit misleading.
Mexico City style quesadilla (3 stars): Didn't necessarily taste bad but was quite bland ... needed hot sauce for sure. Nothing special.
Guacamole (4 stars): Smooth, creamy, tasty. Could have used a bit more jalapeno and cilantro but that's just my personal taste.
I wouldn't mind giving Distrito another try, but I'd probably focus in on the tacos instead of bouncing around the menu on expensive mediocrity.I was fully expecting a slightly overpriced and kitschy but fun experience, but this turned out to be truly awful. goes without saying that the portions are small, but some of the dishes were downright bad tasting. the rabbit mole in particular was a huge disappointment, with a bland light orange sauce and insipid dried out meat. rice was horribly overcooked (really egregious) and the 9 dollar margarita consisted of a (smallish) shot of tequila accompanied by a jarritos soft drink. Don't waste your time.I've been here three times now, and the food is both consistent and delicious. They have a pretty good deal for lunch, two courses for $15. The portions are on the smaller side, and the prices are slightly more expensive a la carte, but well worth it.
Enjoyed both the camarones ceviche (Shrimp, avocado, tomato) and the carnitas tacos (pulled pork, black bean, pineapple). Nice place for lunch or dinner in University City.my first and last experience at Distrito for sure! If you are considering this restaurant be prepared to pay a hefty some for a few morsels of food...My experience was worsened when my girlfriends food came out all wrong, then instead of remaking her order the cook clearly scraped the rejected toppings off of her dish and claimed to have remade it!Well first I didn't get along with the pink,  though it could have been fine. Mainly because I am not a interior designer, but anyways I thought the lighting from the signs over the bar ruined everything. I felt like I was sitting out side of genos or pats. As for the food the chips weren't fresh which is kind of confusing, but everything else I loved. Drinks and food I'd give a soft 7. Just looked cheap, and not authentic, not a place I'd really tell someone to go too.Just came here for brunch at 1 pm today and it was absolutely fantastic.
My parents and I are all coffee addicts, and we were all obsessed with the Jose Garces blend (enough so I'm going to pick some up at GTC) to start. Then, I got the guac and chips for the table (excellent!) and my mom got the salad. The salad with pecans was tasty, but not super memorable. My dad had the tortilla soup, which he enjoyed.
Now, the second course was amazing. I had the torta de huevos which was very filling and delicious. My mom literally raved about her huevos rancheros; she's not usually a fan of huevos rancheros but she is now a believer. My dad had the steak and eggs which he enjoyed as well. 
Our service was pretty good (coffee, etc refilled often and not overly aggressive) and the decor, of course, is definitely off the beaten path. A hit, and I'd definitely recommend it for a lowkey, tasty brunch.This place was great and I'm so glad after reading the reviews I knew that I was walking into a tapas style restaurant, not a normal restaurant!  We had a great waiter that explained the menu and the process to us.  The portions are small and he encouraged us to get at least 2-3 dishes per person and to share.  Price wise it can start adding up when you order a bunch of dishes  Of course when you don't order alcoholic drinks and you order a normal amount of dishes and don't go overboard, then it's not going to cost anymore then going out to a nice restaurant.  My husband and I decided to start with 4 dishes and the waiter said if we were still hungry we could of course order more.  He also said if he thought we were ordering too much he'd let us know, which i appreciated.  4 dishes with no alcoholic drinks came out to just under 40 dollars and we left stuffed.  You don't get the average chips and salsa on the table, but they do place peanuts with some spicy lime tasting seasoning on the table to munch on.  My husband loved them, but they were a little too spicy for me.  They brought out one dish at a time, overlapping one another so it didn't overwhelm us.  It was fun.  The queso fundido was to die for!!!!!  Gooey cheese with pulled duck underneath?  Need I say more?  Next we got the carnitas, which were pulled pork tacos with a wonderful pineapple salsa.  The pork was just a little dry, but the salsa and lime gave it the moistness it needed.  We then got the costillas huaraches, which is like a flat bread pizza.  It had the softest short rib, 3 chile BBQ, queso mixto, poblano crema and radish - awesome!!  The last thing we had was the poblano mole, which was duck with a traditional mole.  My husband is a huge fan of mole sauce and he thought it was pretty good.  It wasn't as strong as other mole's he's had, but I didn't hear him complaining.  The decor was really fun and quirky.  Upstairs is where we ate in the lounge d/t not having reservations.  We went on a Friday, so I recommend making reservations for the weekend!  They have a huge screen upstairs and at the time it was playing the 3 amigos.  As you're walking upstairs, there's a massive wall full of luchador masks.  It was a cool touch.  We had a great experience and would eat here again in a heartbeat.Food was wonderful, inventive, and delicious.  I was forced to write this after reading other bad reviews on the food - you people need to go back to Olive Garden.  This was awesome.
I rate my satisfaction with the food slightly lower Amada, higher than Chifa, and I have not been to Tinto yet.  Each of his restaurants has been a very pleasurable dining experience.  I am often surprised with the flavor combinations.  Not all please me to the same degree, but each carry merit on their own.Came in at 5pm when it had just opened for dinner. I asked the hostess to seat my party of 3 upstairs for dinner and she refused repeatedly with attitude. How can one not have tables when one just opens for dinner? It was practically empty when we walked in. She then sat us downstairs IN THE CORNER by the exit side door/staffs' cubby hole when the entire downstairs was empty. No one puts me in the corner. No one. I did not need that kind of treatment. Not going to bother coming back to the place.What can I say about Distrito that has not already been said?  The food is pretty good, the ambiance is "hip," and the staff is mostly polite.
My last experience taught me some very important lessons with respect to lunch:
1) Do not order the tasting menu for lunch.  There are no special items given out, just what is on the lunch menu anyway.  Opt for the Blue Demon lunch special for $15, get what you want, and share with others at the table.  Our tasting items were brought by a runner who seemed higher than a kite and he kind of explained each item.
2) Do not get a pitcher of margaritas.  They are not very strong and you're out $50.
3) Do not get the Chilango Chop.  It's an overpriced mediocre salad.
4) Ceviche is good.  Queso fundido is good.
5) Skip dessert and go around the corner (and down, yes) to Capogiro.
After a $150 lunch for 3 people, I don't expect to go again unless we all agree to ONLY get the Blue Demon special.Definitely come here for the Tuesday deal at the Taqueria (the downstairs area, which has more college student-friendly priced menu): tacos for $2.50 each is well worth it for these tasty Mexican fusion options. My favorites are the plantain-breaded mahi-mahi tacos and the ropa vieja chicken tacos. Also delicious are their nachos and margaritas (which are quite strong). I've tried the house margarita classic and with fresh grapefruit, and both were delicious.I'm not a foodie, but I loved Distrito. The best way to describe the decor is Barbie's Mexican villa. And I mean that in the best way possible. The food was great, especially the guacamole (to die for) and the carnitas tacos. The margaritas were among the best I've ever had. I would recommend the house or grapefruit.
I was there for a company event, but will definitely be going back with friends.My first experience at Distrito taught me one thing, do not get the "Chef's Selection" if you want to really enjoy this restaurant. Having visited Amada and Tinto several times, I wrongly assumed that it would be as superb as in the other Jose Garces' Restaurants. Do not get me wrong the food is good, but your better off ordering what you like from the menu and maybe initially going with someone somewhat familiar with this type of cuisine. I have visited the restaurant after my first experience and would certainly encourage others to enjoy Distrito's atmosphere and food. 
The decor is PINK and unique.  Adding a fun factor to the whole experience, there is a Car that doubles as a table, "Lucha Libre" Masks up the steps an Cafetería-style banners and a large flat screen TV running Televisa or Univisión programming.  Let's not forget the PODS upstairs, my favorite place to sit.  This comfortable wicker furniture that adds some privacy to your table without taking the view of the room away from anyone at your table. 
My favorite Margarita served without comparison is the Cranberry followed by the original recipe and pineapple flavor. Unfortunately on my last visit the Cranberry flavor margarita was not available. Personally the pitchers of Margaritas are mostly ice and not worth the money. Alternative drink suggested Mojito. 
Going down the menu Guacamole y Salsa with crab is must have. The nachos are both very tasty but would probably suggest to try something else unless you are having withdrawal from nachos and feel that you need more. If you are going to try a dish at this restaurant, you must order the Shrimp Ceviche. I would suggest to order one Ceviche per person if not you are going to be wanting to steal your neighbor's shrimp!!! No comments. 
The salads and soups are some of my least favorite items on this menu and would strongly advised not to waste your limited stomach space on roughage or soups. Under Huaraches is almost impossible to go wrong with any of them. The same for the Tacos with the exception that I would not let the opportunity to pass by to try the Hamachi or the Camarones y Chorizo Tacos.  At this point during the meal, depending of what you have ordered and how many of you at the table you should be prepared to start filling abruptly full in approximately ten minutes. The rest of the menu if you still have an appetite should be left to your imagination. All is good. 
For those thinking of dessert, there is only one option: The Churros.
I think all the sudden I am hungry.  Distrito anyone?Distrito has pretty good though pricey food, in a kitschy-trendy atmosphere.  Small plates, so things can really add up if you want a satisfying meal.  I love the ceviche here -- it's fresh, light, and tasty.  I was here once for the grand tasting menu, which was a lot of fun!  Everything was good to great, well-prepared and tasty.  I'd recommend it if money's not an issue, but there's lots of food in Philly that's just as good (or better) and cheaper.Our server, Caroline, is not only beautiful but a wonderful waitress.  The food and ambience is amazing.I must confess to all that care to read.  I have a problem.  I went twice to Distrito last week..... I could not stop thinking about the ILLUSTRIOUS SHRIMP CEVICHE and had to go back, no really they made me go back.  All I can recall about that night is getting in my car with a bunch of friends, and all the sudden there I was again on 40th Street finding a parking and running into Distrito. Did I just have a black out? Later we were sitting upstairs and they brought me the shirmp and some drinks and some more drinks.
Then I found myself sitting at home in my leaving room with the TV on  and my face plastered onto the side of the sofa. I got up found my receipt from Distrito in my pocket and smiled.  Only then I knew that I had not beend dreaming.  Good night!The summary: Food is overpriced but good, drinks are subpar, decor is bizarre but fun, and service is average. I would love to give this place 2.5 stars for overall experience but I think the food does deserve a 3 so I'll round up.
I went in a group of four and we started our night by ordering some drinks at the bar while we waited for our table (reservations in advance definitely necessary.) The bartender waited about 10 minutes to give us menus and the bar wasn't even crowded! Eventually we ordered a pitcher of red sangria which was probably the worst sangria I have ever had. It tasted like a mix of franzia, robitussin, and sugar. Awful.  Luckily the bartender redeemed himself and was nicely mannered about our sending it back.
The decor is a mix of kitsch South Beach Miami, Mexican influence, and retro style dominated by hot pink. Overall it's a fun atmosphere but definitely overstimulating to go too frequently. They have one table by the front that is in a car and some swings upstairs which are cool and unique. This seems like a great spot for a large group celebrating a bachelorette party or something.
We ended up with the margaritas and asked them to go light on the simple syrup due to the awful sangria and even with that they were on the sweet side but solid.
Food was good but when the bill came it seemed like a lot considering we ordered less than the recommended amount which was 2-3 plates per person. 
As a visitor to Philly, this was a cool place to check out but I don't know that I would return unless for a kitsch occasion or to show someone the decor.We went to this place for happy hour.  It must be very different at night.   All in all it was reasonable and delicious.   The guacamole was good, the nachos ignacio were better.  The tecate was cold, and the pineapple margarita was delicious.   
I would not have paid their regular prices for any of their stuff but I'm cheap.
The decor was over the top, but fun.  The bartender seemed like a cool guy and kept us drinking.If you tell the waiter that you like your bloody marys hot, then you better be prepared for some ass burning goodness! the tangy spicyness of the bloody mary will cure any hangover and pairs nicely with the delicious nachos ignacio.  the chilango chop is a great choice for brunch, bringing together both salty and sweet to satisfy that "i don't really know what i feel like eating today" crowd. the breakfast burrito is good, but a little heavy on the scrambled egg, so steer clear if you're still a little woozy from all of those coronas the night before. the guacamole and salsa are perfection, and I would say some of the best I've had in the city. the servcie is fast, but too fast for me...once again, i was hung over and looking to take it slow.  the waiter swooped in, grabbed my plate, and absconded with my last bite of chilango chop, which OF COURSE, was the money bite. another bloody mary and a distrito margarita quelled my displeasure at missing out on that last bite of salty sweet goodness, and I left distrito feeling damn good.Distrito isn't your typical Mexican cuisine - it is part Mexican and part Jose Garces.  Jose Graces adds that little twist to traditional Mexican food which makes it a true culinary adventure.  
I want to start out with the mahi mahi tacos.  Scrumptious!  Perfectly fried mahi mahi with pickled cabbage and a lovely mysterious Jose Garces sauce.  One of my favorite items on the menu.
All of the ceviches are delicate, tender, refreshing.  They come in super small portions though, so be wary that you will probably be fighting over the last bite!
The cocktails are wonderful.  It is east to tell they use fresh fruit in the mix.
Lastly, the tres leches cake is a great dessert.  I grew up in Arizona, so I have tried many tres leches cakes at many family owned Mexican establishments.  You could probably bribe me into throwing an inferior tres leches cake into someones face for it.
The ambiance and service here is great.  Jose Garces trademark really.Meh.
While I actually liked the super kitchey atmosphere, the accompanying margaritas moved beyond kitch and into just plain "cheap" territory: they were far too sweet, and far too skimpy on the booze. I went at happy hour, so perhaps this made a difference? It shouldn't though. My crappy margarita was fairly affordable though! But I would've paid more if it meant that I wasn't drinking a margarita that was all triple sec'd out. Carnitas were a little disappointing, too. Pickled whatever was a little too pickled, tasted not so fresh and overpowered the delicate flavor of the pork. Disappointing.Amazing decor, stupendous margaritas, and super-helpful staff.  Their house-margs are to die for, but I'd steer clear of the sangria - it tasted of melons and the fruit hadn't been in the solution for more than a few minutes.  The hamachi ceviche was so delicious that I could have had several but the chorizo & shrimp tacos were so salty that I could barely stand it.  I'd go back in an instant!I took my niece who attends Penn out for dinner here..Mahi Mahi tacos were tasty and the little bit of radish was a nice touch. She loved her carne tacos..the churros were pretty much what I had expected..only so so..but overall a Fun, bright space worth visiting if you happen to be in University City.My favorite Mexican spot in Philly!
My wife and I went here for the first time with some friends a few weeks ago. It was Dining Days, so the menu was limited. But the place was lively and the food was outstanding. The flavors were bold and complex, the dishes very well thought out, and the execution almost flawless.
Standouts included the mahi mahi tacos, the short rib huarache, and the chilango chop salad.I loved the food AND the atmosphere here! 
Sometimes, when I read reviews of Garces or Starr's restaurants I end up thinking - do you want them to give you their first born? I'm not sure what people expect once you've been on tv? I don't watch cable, so maybe my expectations are not appropriately raised...but I thought the food was certainly above average and I loved the decor. 
It is so bright and like day-glo gone wild in here. The mexican boxing masks are clutch and I love the the servers wear green and white, it is perfect color pairing with the bright pink-dominant setting. 
I did find it upsetting that all of the busboys shirts say, "hecho en mexico." considering that the majority of the busboy-staff appear to be latino. I asked our server what that was about and he said, "oh it's not racist. i was a busboy, it's just what we wear cause it's a mexican restaurant." I dunno I tend to think if your opener has to be, "it's not racist..." you might want to reexamine the practice. That's just me...
Overall I found Distrito to be an excellent dining experience. We ordered a couple of small plates, guacamole (very good), and house margaritas. Everything was really well done - I'm pretty picky about guac and margs and this place did both with excellence. 
I did order dessert based on recommendations from all the yelpers. We got the tres leches cake with guava (i think?) sorbet. It was divine. The sorbet I could have lived without but their tres leches did not disappoint.While I've been to Distrito many times, my recent visit for a birthday celebration was an amazing experience. Five us at the table ordered the Chef Sampling and it was absolutely amazing. Each course brought forth an "oooo and ahhh" and then an "mmmm" upon tasting. 
The sampling is a great way to try new things on the menu as well as dishes you might not be inclined to try--but you should! Trust me, you should.
If you aren't up for the sampling, above all else try the guacamole. The best around!Came here with a friend for happy hour where I had 2 margaritas for $5 each (why were they in plastic cups?! isn't this a 3 dollar sign restaurant?) and we had a taco each and split a platter of veggie nachos. 
So yeah if I had to guess the price based on the portion sizes (see the veggie nachos, of which there couldn't have been more than a dozen) I would've guessed it was it was a slightly upscale Mexican restaurant. If I had to guess the prices based on the happy hour margarita, I would've bet on one dollar sign. Anyway, the food is pretty good, for $3.50 for a taco I'd hope so, and the margaritas were strong. Bartender made conversation but also knew where to draw the line, which is a refined skill that some bartenders don't have. 
All in all, it was solid food for a slightly expensive price considering the amount of food you get. Margaritas were strong yet cheap during happy hour, and they have an impressive selection of tequilas. I'd definitely go back and give it another shot.I have always liked Distrito - the food, drinks, atmosphere (the car inside the restaurant where you can sit and eat!), but our experience yesterday changed it from "like" to LOVE! I went for a late lunch/early dinner with my family and the entire meal couldn't have been more delicious - from the super-fresh guacamole, salsa, and homemade chips to the final morsels of our meals scraped off our plates (I had the steak fajitas which were outstanding!). But, the very best part of our experience was, hands-down, our server, Chris. He was absolutely awesome, and took such good care of us! He answered questions, made the greatest suggestions, remembered and brought us everything we asked for really quickly (and he was serving a lot of tables), and was just an all-around sweet, funny, and personable guy.  So, if you're looking for a cool place to venture out to in University City and you have a hankering for a delicious Mexican meal, along with some of the best sangria (and of course, margaritas) in the area, DO NOT pass Distrito. Go in, grab a drink, order the steak fajitas, and say hi to Chris!I had dinner here on a Sunday night and LOVED the food. Great food, interesting ambiance. Too bad they only have one "car" table. The whole restaurant should be furnished that way!
Heard they have great happy hours--will definitely be back for that!Distrito is a truly unique dining experience. You'll immediately notice the restaurant's colorful, modern décor and glowy lights. The waitstaff is consistently friendly and attentive, but on one occasion was not particularly helpful with recommendations.
Everything here is served in small portions, so you can try a variety of dishes. Unfortunately, the menu tends to be rather limited, and our server told us they didn't have steak nachos once.
Their chips are fresh and crunchy, not as good as Honest Tom's but still solid. The salsa tasted freshly-prepared. Chicken tacos are flavorful, and dare I say complex? Although I was hungry, I found myself taking small bites and savoring each one. The steak tacos are even better. Tender Kobe beef topped with shredded potatoes, they were simply stunning! To this day they are still the best tacos I have ever had. These alone would make Distrito worth the trip.
Duck breast mole, served in thin slices, was tender and delicious as well. Fried plantain was just OK, not sure I'd order that one again.
If you're in for brunch, definitely try the Nachos Ignacio - fried jalapenos and black beans over a bed of chips and crisped(!) cheese. Incredibly greasy, it's sure to cure even the angriest hangover. My steak and eggs were decent as well, if unremarkable. Next time, I'm determined to have those steak nachos.
Dishes to try: steak tacos, duck breast mole, nachos ignacio
Dishes to skip: plantain, steak & eggsThe chicken tacos are amazing! They look small, but are very filling. Do wish I could have had a flour tortillas instead of corn, but still fantasticI was expecting this to be more trendy, along the lines of El Vez, but unfortunately that's not what we got.  We had reservations but still had to wait 20 minutes to be seated.  The vibe was interesting in it's own way, with a trailer park-esque theme.  This would be cool if it were a lower priced menu, but the menu is tapas style so pricey for small portions.  The food was good but nothing I plan to go back for.We were stunned at a lot of things here: crazy fun decor, great menu variety, and how cheap our final tab was. For a group of four, we each spent about $30 before tip, and that was for about 2 plates each (we shared, of course), and a round of drinks. Every dish was great, not to mention beautifully presented. Can't wait to go back to Philly to eat here again!Very good food. Great Mexican cuisine. Tapas style so bring a lot of people to try out a bunch of different items.I'm probably only going to come here for happy hour from now on, so I'm going to rate the happy hour. I can't really remember my experiences from when I came for a normal dinner. 
I come here often for "taco tuesdays", but realized that they have the same exact deal every weekday from 5-7 PM...so I'm probably going to go whenever I can on other days from now on! I absolutely love their frozen margarita (for $5)--they're perfectly tart, cold, and alcoholic for such a low price! I've tried their happy hour wines and normal margarita too, and didn't enjoy them as much, so that might just be me. 
Distrito's chips are the best I've ever tasted; perfectly crispy and salted, the $2 salsa complements them perfectly and the bowl they give you seems unlimited! I also love the chicken tacos and fish tacos (maybe 2 for $5 is a bit pricey, but they're definitely a tiny bite of culinary goodness!). Steer away from the carnitas tacos though, as the grease drips through the tortillas. 
Finally, I love the bartenders here, especially on a not-so-busy weekday; super smiley and helpful in ordering even when I have no idea what to get, they definitely make my happy hour experience enjoyable and not awkward even in an empty restaurant.After a potluck dinner, a few friends and I decided to pop in for a drink at the bar.
We just wanted a drink and so we sat on the stools in the Cantina and waited. About 25 minutes later (and after the bartender told us about three times she'll be right with us), she finally took our drink order. 
I was craving a sangria and since I would give my firstborn child for the ones at Amada, I though, "Hey, should be relatively similar, right?" Wrong.
Our experience only got worse from there: 
1. We sat there without drinks and without being asked for anything else. I definitely could have had another one: but did they bother? No.
2. Was the sangria good? No, it wasn't. The fruit didn't taste very fresh and it was TINY. 
3. Bathrooms? There was one women's bathroom which was not "Out of Order" and it smelled like beer. 
4. One of my friends left and paid for his drink - ie, as at a normal bar: closed out his tab. Then, we got the rest of the check and everything was clumped together on one check with a 20%  tip included. Really? You DID not deserve a 20% tip. We did not ask for the same check - which is why we sat at the bar and not the table. We then got another person come to us (who wasn't the person who gave us the drinks) and tell us that they can't separate the checks. 
5. After we were there for about 2 hours (most of which time, we spent waiting...) my buddy asked for a glass of water. The guy at the bar who was cleaning up (yes, they were closing in about 10 minutes after that) told him they're closed and no, that he can't have a glass of water. My buddy incredulously asked again, "Really? I can't have a glass of water?" at which point, the guy reluctantly agreed.
6. This experience really upset me: I would rather go to POD for their trendy ambiance. The wait staff there is attentive, friendly, professional, and yes, it's expensive, but at least you're getting something for the money.
The food at Distroto is just glorified Mexican - which is fine, but this is nothing special. I've eaten here with a friend once before and really I wasn't impressed. (At that point, I would have given it 3 stars.... these experiences yesterday knocked it down to 1.)  My recommendation? Save your pennies and eat/drink elsewhere. Next time I get a Sangria craving, there's nothing stopping me from trekking downtown to Amada or if I'm lazy I'll settle for a cosmo at POD.
Distrito, you disappoint.I had high hopes and went out of my way on a business trip to try Distrito. I read about the place in a magazine and made a point to visit.
Margarita was excellent, fish tacos were good, but charge for chips and salsa. You're kidding me. I was in the bar area at a table, but for some unknown reason, the happy hour prices did not extend to my table 4 feet from the bar. 
Total bill for 2 margaritas, an order of fish tacos, chips and salsa was $51 with tip. A little on the high side. Ok, a lot on the high side for a single meal. 
Must be something about Yankee Tex MexHoly cow. Absolutely all around incredible. Staff is super friendly and knowledgable about the food, decor is fun and colorful, and the food... The food is out of this world. Go there. Immediately.Traditional mexican flavors but in creative fun presentations = a perfect night.
It's one of the few restaurants in Philly that I bring my New Yorker friends to when they visit! 
The only reason why it doesn't get 5 stars is b/c the service is way too rushed!  So, you have to know on your return visits to order a few things at a time.  Much like you must with the other Garces restaurants.Before I went I didn't really realize it was tapas but once I looked at the menu I was glad it was because there were so many things I wanted to try. The grapefruit margarita was incredible but kind of small for the price. I loved one side we got - it was corn, queso fresco and chipotle, it came in a glad and I want it again right now. Between 2 people with 3 drinks and a dessert each, it was a hundred bucks. Kinda pricey but the amazing food and atmosphere was worth it, it made for a really nice night.Kind of disappointed by our stop here last night. Sat at a high top by the bar because there was a large party coming in. We ordered two pitchers and tons of food for 4. Food was just average compared to recent visits. Margaritas were good, but my biggest issue - we tried to order another pitcher, and the waiter looked at his watch and said it was too late. !!!! It was 9:45 and the restaurant was packed still! What waiter turns down upping an already high bill with a high tip to come? Having all been servers at one point in our lives, and knowing you should always keep serving a table when there are several other tables still being served, we were all baffled. 10 pm close seems a bit ridiculous for a place like this.I LOVE distrito. i dont think i could say it enough. I love their fish tacos, i love the cholango chopped salad. The drinks are amazing, the place is usually packed. I love their Monday night special in the fall. Their menu is constantly changing. My husband loves the ceviches! The food is inventive and creative. The plates are small plates so you order a few plates per person allowing you to try many things. I can't wait to head back to Distrito!Fun and striking decor with a wall made up of hundreds of colorful, luchador masks.
Friendly, helpful, and quick staff.
Guacamole with Crab.
Camarones Ceviche.
Frutas con Crema.
These are things in the order that I saw and/or ate (cannibalism is frowned upon), and enjoyed on my visit to el Distrito. I love this place! Can't wait to come back to try all the delicious margaritas....and tap into the 60 varieties of Tequiiiilaaaa! Ay ya yayyyyI've come twice, once with a group for dinner and once with my parents for lunch, and both times were excellent. 
Coming with a group is definitely the way to go as you'll get to share everything. The guac is the best, and turned my parents into believers immediately. We had also come at a relatively strange time ~3:30, but the service was great and the waitress was very friendly.
Perhaps the only other thing I can add that others haven't said is how casual it is. Both times I went, I was surprised at the relaxed, low-key atmosphere, which was really a nice change of pace.With the Distro food truck out and about, why bother hitting up the actual restaurant? Oh...cause, it's a pretty cool spot.
Possibly 5 million years late to the game, I finally got to check out Distro. We snagged a seat at the bar, scorpion table top and all. Our bartender couldn't tell us if they were real or not, it's probably best not to know. Of course, our group moonlighted over to the taxi car table. If I come back for one reason, and one reason alone, it's to eat inside a taxi table.
The $5 margaritas for happy hour were delicious and trouble. They went down nicely, but caught up to you later. The rest of their happy hour specials and taco Tuesday deals warrant a return as well. 
After my brief visit, there's absolutely no reason to justify not coming back.Our Tapas selection was tasty but hostess & waiter both impersonal & robotic, bordering on condescending. Upstairs dining room has horrible accoustics and we had to practically shout to hear each other across the table on a Saturday night. We'll stick with the Stephen Starr experience; avoid Distrito unless you like a college bar scene.If you're looking for a place to have a good time, eat amazing food, and be in the presence of an ambiance so distinguished and unique that you will not believe your eyes, then you MUST eat at Distrito. This restaurant opened roughly a year ago, and I have loved it so much that last night was the 4th time I have gone since it has opened. This restaurant has the same dining style as the rest of Garces' restaurants in that the plates, or at least most of them, are served tapas style, which means small plates for the table to share. The food is explosive, the building itself is neon-lit and full of vibrant additions like Mexican wrestler masks on the wall and a viewing of "Tres Amigos" at all times. 
Decor - (5/5)
Service - (5/5)
Plates:
Nachos (Encarnacion) (4/5) - These nachos come filled with skirt steak, beans, and a plethora of different cheeses. This is a great starter, although it is very filling, for those who don't like to eat much early while dining.
Flatbread Pizza (Los Hongos) (4.5/5) - This flatbread pizza is a mushroom-filled one that comes bursting with flavor. The mix of the cheeses and the mushrooms makes for a delicious little treat between nachos and tacos.
Flatbread Pizza (Guisados) (5/5) - This flatbread pizza comes topped with shreds of boneless short ribs and a bbq sauce that is undeniable. This pizza is mind-blowing. Beware: you will want more than one.
Kobe Beef Tacos (Carne Kobe) (5/5) - Yes, you will die and go to heaven after biting into these. They are out of this world, and the texture of the meat is so fine that it'll simply fall down your throat with ease.
Rabbit (Amarillo Moles) (4.5/5) - This tapas in very different in that it comes in a small cast-iron with a bed of rice and its sauce. This is more difficult to share, but it is still very excellent. I suggest this if you are a rabbit fan.
Duck Breast (Poblano Moles) (5/5) - This tapas is similar to the rabbit in terms of presentation. Nonetheless, the flavor packed into the duck is out of this world. Each piece is equally rich. Get this and the kobe beef tacos, and you'll be happy as you can possibly be.
Overall, I could write about more plates, but that would just take forever. This restaurant has been voted Best of Philly New Restaurant this summer, and rightfully so. Come with a bunch of friends, and enjoy. Remember, due to the small portions, you have more control of what your check looks like, so choose wisely...Oh, yeah. 5/5. No doubt about it.This review is long overdue. 
Each time we come we like it more and more. 
The first time we came we did our best to order off the menu and failed horribly. 
Since then, we've had the frida kahlo twice and each time it has been excellent! (Photos are from the first frida kahlo) 
It has certainly turned out much better letting the kitchen staff choose what to serve. And without a doubt we have always left with to go boxes because there is just way too much food to finish. 
I will note that the drinks here are also delish! From watermelon to cucumber margaritas, to their mezcal mule, to their sangrias. You won't go wrong! And if I catch their happy hour, u can take advantage of their drink/app specials!
Some of my favorites off the menu now include the guac w/ crab (sounds crazy but tastes great), lamb tacos, rack of lamb, the corn in mayo crack in a cup, and their churros. 
It's dangerous having such good food so close to home!!Sigh, Jose Garces... I believed in you..
The problem wasn't really the food, but the crappy service my boyfriend and I received upon entering the restaurant. It was NYE.. Can't you cut us some slack? Philadelphia has an epidemic of crappy, crappy, crappy service. Listen lady who looks a little too old to be dressed like a 20 year old hostess, don't be rude AS SOON AS I WALK IN THE DOOR. 
The older hostess says she couldn't seat us until the other hostess got back. Well, okay you ended up seating us at the table right next to your host stand which makes no sense. The table was right next to the door, and a breeze of -8 degree wind came in every time the door opened. Mustering up any kindness left in my soul, I politely asked the hostess if we could move to another table. She then goes "No, we don't have any more tables." Sigh. Please. Your job isn't that hard, I used to be a hostess as well. There were a good handful of empty tables in the restaurant. 
Defeated, after I sat down, a gentleman dressed in a suit then came up to us and said "I saw you giving that I'm cold face from across the room. A table opened up in the back, let me move you." I literally could have cried tears of joy. The old frumpy hostess then came up the the manager and was like what are you doing?! He then proceeds to give her the Jedi death stare and says that he is moving us.
Thank you, whoever you were, you made my night.
The food was okay, it was the NYE tasting menu. The food runners were on autopilot, I guess from repeating the names of the same dishes all night long.
All I can say is, Eh.This has become my favorite restaurant in the city! Garces can really do no wrong in my book, and this is further proof.
First off, tapas is my favorite style of food. Its perfect for someone like me who upon looking at any menu, initially always proclaims "I want one of everything!"  Secondly, mexican food. C'mon!
Everything here is perfectly delicious! I never feel guilty eating nachos or super cheesy enchiladas here because I know its made with quality and high standards. Some of my favorites are the short rib huarache, the ceviches, skirt steak nachos, and of course guacamole. 
Let me preface this by saying I am a guac-snob! I pride myself in my guacamole-which i insist on keeping basic and fresh. Not oversmashed, not over seasoned. And Distrito's guacamole impressed me. Super-fresh tasting and somehow creamy and chunky at the same time. This, I deducted was possibly because half of it is made into a creamy puree, and then chunks are added in (a method I've began to practice myself). Its also topped with cotija cheese-which i wish i could find in my local supermarket.
Now-the margaritas are a bit pricey here. For about $40 a pitcher you're getting probably half as much as you'd get at a more casual mexican spot for $25. However, these are quality margs! Not super sugary or reminiscent of Hi-C with a kick of bottom-shelf tequila. This is worth the money. 
I highly recommend checking this place out during University City's Dining Days, where for $35 a person, you're definitely getting a lot of bang for your buck-and will feel less guilty about the $40 pitcher. 
Also, since they changed the whole first level to the "cantina" menu, its even more worth the trip to West Philly. Drinks and food for almost half the price of the main menu-and still all of the quality and a decent variety of selections! 
Wish I was there now!Stopped into Distrito for Happy Hour before a movie screening at Rave last week. I got cozy at the bar and sipped a $5 marg (no icky sour syrup here) and nibbled on a $5 chip/guac combo (not a lot of avocado honestly, it's more of a solo serving). Got a pair of $5 fish tacos (fresh and hot, full of flavor, two to an order) and ordered another $5 marg. I was full and buzzed (on quality food and drink, no less) and my bill was $20. My bartender was more than lovely. Consider me a satisfied customer, Distrito.Chef Jose Garces doesn't disappoint with Distrito.  This restaurant had high expectations in my book and this place did not fail.  The decor is fantastic; from the tables with rose or gold glittered patterns to the wall of luchador masks as you ascend the stairs to the second level.  A car is installed near the front of the restaurant.  Part table for patrons and part decor.  A nice touch to this fun restaurant that serves excellent mexican food.  
  My fiance and her sister ate lunch here.  We ordered the Blue Demon Express, which consisted of 2 courses of your choosing from the designated areas on the lunch menu.  
Complimentary:
Chips and Salsa
(The chips are freshly made and lightly salted.  The salsa was flavorful and mild.)
Ordered:
Traditional Guacamole with cotija cheese $10 
(We ordered this for the table.  The avocados were delayed a bit because the delivery just arrived.  Although it was a little tardy, it didn't disappoint.  The flavors of the avocado came through with every bite as if it was still kissing the pit.  The hint of chili peppers exploded in you mouth under the cover of avocado as if the chili was a kid in class raising their hand wanting to answer a question.)
My first course was the Tortilla Soup. The soup was spicy, with massive flavor.  The pieces of tortilla, chicken, tomatoes, onions and spices were mixed masterfully into a bowl of tasty goodness.
The main course was a flat bread with mushrooms, herbs and  cheese. A brilliant cap to the meal.
Had one bite of the chop salad, which was refreshingly tart with a hint of sweetness at the end.
Also had one bite of the hamachi tachos.  Crunchy yet tender with a hint of tart and sweetness.
Decor:5
Food:5
Service:5
Would I go back?  You bet your pastrami I would!Seriously.
My favorite place for Mexican (besides spots in LA, of course). And I'm not even a huge fan of Mexican food. I'm not even going to tell you what I recommend. Just go and try it all dammit!! I promise you won't be disappointed. The food is always very flavorful, fresh and always comes out prepared perfectly. The drinks here? Delicious. Will they get you wasted? Not likely, but if you're looking for well prepared drinks to compliment your meal it's perfect. I can admit that even at happy hour with drinks your bill can get pretty pricey. But hey, treat yo self.Nothing is more perfect than an all hot pink and lime green restaurant!! This is probably one of my favorite restaurants (that's not like fast food, college-y pick-up place) in University City. The salsa is always very fresh and not mushy. They also give you spicy/lime-y peanuts to start with, which are also delicious. Both complementary! The guacamole with the crab meat topping is excess since you don't even taste much of the crab so just go for the plain guac, which is still pretty tasty. The first time I came, I ordered the chicken tacos which were decent and I was pretty satisfied but the second time I came, I ordered the shrimp tacos, which were waay better! I also really love the presentation of the food as well. 
Good : Nachos Ignacio, Huarache de costillas, esquites, atun ceviche, shrimp tacos
Eh... : tortilla soup, flan
Not so good: carnitas tacos (too dry), district chicken (doesn't taste mexican, almost like chinese/weird flavoring), cranberry sorbet (tastes like potpourri)  
Pretty delicious food, fun atmosphere, and affordable for a night out. Definitely would be satisfied for under $20 per person.First time I went, my dinner companion and I ordered the chefs tasting menu.  We also happened to go the same day Craig LeBan of the Inquirer published his review of the place; he awarded the restaurant three highly coveted bells (he usually awards two).  The food just kept coming out of the kitchen... I think about three dishes for each course.  We left the restaurant more than satisfied and it is no wonder why LeBan awarded it three bells.  
Last night, however, I returned with others.  This time, I ordered three dishes for dinner: a shrimp ceviche, an enchilada stuffed with crab meat, and  an huracha (flatbread) topped with hongos (mushrooms).  Each bite was savored.  
An adventurous member of our party ordered bone marrow tacos.  She was served two large white bones stripped of their meat and four small round white dishes of condiments to go with the four small soft tortillas she got.  It was probably the most innovative dish presented to the table.  
While quite informative and polite, our waiters performance distracted us from a perfect evening.  First, we requested for more tortilla chips and he forgot to bring them out -- we had to ask one of the bus boys to bring us another bowl.  Second, we requested him to take a picture of our group, in which he said, he would return to do so --- but never did.Ok, it's been a while since I visited Distrito, and this review is based on my experience in August 2011, but I only recently joined Yelp, and my experience was so good, that I feel it's important to share.
I spent 3 months in Philadelphia on an 'internship' experience with work, and ventured out a lot with the friends I made during my stay. At the end of my experience, my bosses hosted a farewell event for me (I was very touched) at Distrito because they knew I was a 'foodie.' Needless to say, the experience certainly did not disappoint!
While I missed Chef Garces' run on Iron Chef America, I have never been less than amazed with his restaurants, which consistently nail their mark. Menu could be simplified - they try a little too hard here. Sure, they can execute all of the offerings, but if they rotate them through, they can even get more mileage out of their repertoure this way.
Highlights were the beer pairing, the tongue taco (yes, the tongue taco... it was the most delicious, tender, and savory item of the night!), the ceviche, and the pulpo (octopus).
Waitstaff were efficient and friendly, and food was served promptly and at the correct temperature.
Will definitely be back...Food: 4
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 4
Service: 4
Value: 3.5
Distrito is a very fine upscale modern restaurant in Philadelphia, but I'm not sure it is quite on the same level as El Vez. We have ate from the Distrito truck previously, and have visited their Moorestown, NJ location. I think the thing that stuck out most for us from this experience was that the Carnitas that we ate here simply were not the same as those in Moorestown. I'm not sure if they changed their recipe or if they serve something different at each location, but the ones in Moorestown were life changing, and the ones here, while more authentic, simply weren't as amazing.Well, I've lived in Colorado for 13 years, and my mom lives in mexico for 5 months out of the year.  I've had mexican food, and until Distrito I didn't have any in Philly (sorry El Vez).  Hands done was blown away by the execution in each dish.  Pulpo (Octopus Cerviche), tamales, whole fish, even the green beans with Chihuahua cheese - were perfect.
Ok, ok - it's not mexican street food - but it's pretty much a great chef's take on what you would find in Mexico.Great drinks and vibes. The tacos are decent but very salty and failed to truly impress. The apps are great along with the flat bread. Fun place to come and hangout and excellent drinks! Very big so plenty of seating although if you go on a busy night you should probably call ahead!Your Review: Had a wonderful time. Our waiter, Jim, was EXCELLENT!! He made recommendations for the menu was spot on. We shared a selection of tacos, the mushroom flatbread, guacamole, the ahi and octopus ceviches, and scallops. The carnitas were my least favorite..a but dry, but the rest of the food was very good to delicious! My only real complaint I'd that the Margaritas were really small with too much ice, but they were tasty. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town! OurMy friend and I had the:
Encarnacion Nachos, Los Hongos Huaraches, Nopales (my favorite out of everything!!!) Tacos and the Tostada as well as a side of the Platanos y Crema.
I love that they highlight the vegetarian options with a green V and that they have daily drink specials. We had Honeydew Melon Margaritas. They were amazing. I also tried the Mexican Sangria. Very good.
My favorite thing BY FAR was dessert. I would have gone there just to sample the entire dessert menu. We shared the El Fuerte! Chocolate Cake, Espresso Ice Cream, Spiced Peanuts, Pretzel "Dirt", Patron XO and Caramel.  You could definitely taste the Patron but it wasn't overwhelming. And all those ingredients together were just the perfect combination.
This is definitely one of my favorite places.We went to Distrito on a chilly Saturday night and were rewarded with great food and a fun atmosphere. I see some other reviews raving about the Los Hongos and I am SO glad we ordered that because it was amazing, mouthwateringly delicious. The margaritas reminded me of our honeymoon in Mexico (at 5x the price each), really fresh and limey. We ordered the bone marrow tacos and they came in a make-it yourself plate with two bones for marrow extraction and little bowls to dish out all of the fix-ins -- including the bacon marmalade that my husband wanted to devour. I have no idea what bacon marmalade is but it fantastic. 
The other dishes did deliver but the service was less than expected. The food runners and back-waiters were much better than our main server and her spotty service tarnished our experience. I was jealous of the table next to us with their really-helpful server. I prefer someone who just tells you the specials, not when you have to ask. Call me particular because I am. It was good but we wont go rushing back, its a bit too expensive to make a regular haunt and I still prefer Amada's decor and cuisine when I am going to drop this kind of $$.   But it was a great place to have a lively Saturday night date!The service sucks here. You hear "sorry about that bro" a lot dispute the fact that we are not bros. We ordered guacamole...and it is no where to be seen. I also did not get the drink I ordered. The atmosphere is good but the experience is severely diminished by the service.Was really looking forward to going to Distrito, and was very disappointed.  Service was terrible, and the food was just ok.  Only thing good about this place were the nachos and the drinks.yep, i'm a fan. a little far from my neighborhood but still good eats. my first time there, i was impressed with the fun and bright decor. we sat in the taxi downstairs. our hostess told us it's usually taken. it was a fun dining experince. i felt bad when i saw kids come by and tell their mother they wanted to sit in it. 
we started with an appetizer, the nachos ecarnaction. they were all the bit delish. and served hot and an iron handle plate. please, do yourself a favor and order these. the carnitas tacos and shrimp quesadilla were both fresh, and tasty. my tacos were on the small side, but with the app and the side of refried beans, it was a perfect dinner. the quesadilla was actually pretty big. 
desert was recommended by the waiter. he said the la bomba was new on the menu and worth the $7.00. it was like a mexican banana split. if you're going to drink a cocktail, i recommend the el jefe maragarita. pricey at $14 each, so maybe keep to one, it may be hard to though.Went yesterday for Mother's Day. So disappointed in food and service. When this restaurant first opened years ago, a group of us sat at chefs tasting table and had what I consider the best meal I've had in Philly. Yesterday ranked near the worst. Only saving grace was the guacamole and the queso dip.Food was very good but had a disaster experience with the service. Sitting at the bar and arriving very hungry during a busy evening, we waited 10 minutes for our initial drink orders. When they arrived, the bartender simply walked away. 20 minutes later we put in an order for nachos, ceviche and a taco. 40 min later, and now very hungry and annoyed we asked for an ETA on the food to find out that the ceviche was unavailable. I believe our food order was never entered as there was obvious computer/order system trouble. Instead of being told this, the bartender lied and said the order was in but he would check in status. 15-20 min later our food finally arrived. You would think that after all this some sort of discount would be applied but no. $100 spent on frustration. Will not be returningTacos! Expensive and somewhat gourmet tacos!
The space: Big and roomy, like it seats hundreds kind of roomy. Interesting decor includes a wall of masks on the way upstairs, very lucha libre. Swingseats? Hall kind of acoustics.
Craftsmanship on eats: Well executed... no no... very well executed.. the flavor, texture, dimension... It is what great tacos should be, and they is. Additionally, theres no skimp on a juicy piece of fresh lime (thats major!).
Hydration station: Nice margaritas, flavorful and your choice of crative, classic or frozen. Tequila choices are plentiful.
Worth: Nobody's perfect, and here's the touch of gray. I was far from satiated, but no longer hungry. This is a date night kind of fill and it was not cheap. Keep in mind that I opted for some of the more affordable dishes. Dinner with only 1 drink including tip can easily tilt the scales past $35 per person. That reason and that alone pulls a star off of a full five. Got cash?? Go for it! No worries here. 
Service: Excellent, prompt, friendly, genuinely connected.
What did I do: Carnitas tacos, mmmm tasty. Lamb tacos packed and paired with flavors to offset the game. Margarita... also yumm.
Verdict: Will return to try more stuff at some point. Not my most favorite taco joint, but up there.I've been twice, and this place is just okay. Their food smells good, but doesn't taste like anything noteworthy. If someone tells you otherwise, they haven't had the best Mexican food in their past. Their margs aren't special; they taste like mix and are too sweet. I prefer mine more sour. However, I should note they have my favorite tequila - Astral so that's a big plus! Veggie nachos for happy hour were $7. Take it or leave it. The scorpions in the bar are scary and don't make me hungry. El Rey is much better and has a much better happy hour.Love this place! The decor is great - really fun and kitschy in the best way possible. The food is amazing - try the Mahi mahi tacos as well as the margarita special they have running until the beginning of August.
The service was just as good as the food! Our waitress Caroline was super knowledgeable and was able to give great recommendations as well as being very accommodating to all of our questions and special requests. We'll be back soon!Visited this place based on my fellow Yelpers' reviews while in Philly for a trip with friends. We wanted drinks and good food to celebrate, also something walking distance and affordable. Check check check and check!
The restaurant is really interestingly decorated. They use lights to their advantage and even though it's not huge on the first floor, the layout makes it look spacious and not too crowded. 
Our waiter was nice and attentive. He answered our questions well. I had the margarita ($5 for happy hour) which was good. Note you can get salt or sugar rim and either frozen or on the rocks. Friend liked the red sangria (also on special). 
The raved about guac was good but maybe not worth the price. I got the veggie nachos (on special) which were yummy and served in a fajita cast iron pan which was super cool. My friend enjoyed her pork quesadilla and I had a bite and totally agree. Even my pickiest friend was pleased with her meal!This is an incredible restaurant.  After dining at Distrito,  I know what food prepared by a Top Chef tastes like.  I couldn't imagine that Mexican food could be elevated to such gourmet heights, but Distrito was hands down one of the best meals I've ever had.  The small plate servings give you the perfect bite to savor each dish's distinct flavors.  Here's what we ate:  the yellowtail and tuna tacos were the best fish tacos I've ever had; the jicama salad was refreshling light; the Veracruz ceviche with red snapper, olive, tomato, and caper made a ceviche lover out of me; the Los Hongos huraches was a delicious flatbread, pizzalike treat with forest mushrooms, Mexican cheese, black truffle, and corn shoot; the zucchini squash blossom quesadillas were more like empanadas and melt in your mouth; the huachinango (red snapper ) and shrimp skewers were yummy; and the tres leches with mango was heavenly.  No wonder chef Jose Garces kicked Bobby Flay's but on Iron Chef America.  The next time I visit Philly, I will definitely return to Distrito.A house divided... Jeff really liked Distritio and I did not. He wanted to give it 4 stars and I wanted to give it 2 stars so 3 stars it is. 
The place was definitely cool looking. I liked the pink and green plastic tubes that hung on some of the tables like you could find on retro lawn chairs. It definitely had a nice vibe.
Our table, which included Jen R, decided to the Diego Rivera tasting menu.  Here are some highlights (or lowlights, in my case):
- The salad had a cream-like dressing, olives, oranges, and pecans (which were delicious). I just thought that was an odd combo.
- Jeff loved the mushroom flatbread. I thought it was "eh."
- The chicken tacos were the least favorite of the table. All you could taste was the smokiness of the dish.  
- The rabbit dish was delicious, but there were only 2 small pieces per dish. The black beans were way off and had no flavor.
- The saving grace to the steak was the sauce on top. Jeff really liked the corn risotto. 
- I'm not a big fan of flan but it was one of the better ones I've ever had. Needless to say, Jeff ate both of ours.
If it wasn't for the guacamole and chips, I would have been starving. I just thought everything was OK, nothing with a major wow factor. 
After the tasting, I ordered the churros equating hot fried dough with sugar on top as the saving grace. Nope...they tasted funny, too! It was almost like the oil they were fried in was used for something else.  
Oh well...Signature tacos are great and we also ordered something I don't know the name but with beef inside I called it double crusts pizza. The entrance is not on Chestnut street. I cannot find the door on Chestnut and my friend thought I was drunk.Pros: 
-DE-FREAKIN-LICIOUS.  This goes for both drinks and food.  Every bite and sip I took was followed by a "yum" sound of some sort.  
-Great service by friendly folks in white pants
-gorgeous space with funky fresh decor
-great menu with lots of choices that goes well beyond your standard mexican fare
Cons:
-Teeny Tiny itty bitty baby portions.
-Overpriced as hell.  I went there in a party of five, and we ate and drank for somewhere in the neighborhood of $400.  I'm a fat girl, and two of my fellow diners were big manly men, and I can tell you that the three of us left hungry.  This is not good when dropping that kind of cash.
I say this all the time about expensive things that I love - When I hit the lottery, I will go to Distrito every weekend, without a doubt, and order one of everything for me and my 10 closest friends.Had the valentine's day tasting and it was worth every penny. the fishi taco was my favorite, but everything was fantastic.When I lived in West Philly, there were slim pickin's. You had Izzy and Zoe's, some terrific Indian buffets, a Laotian gem and a heckuva lot of greasy pizza/steak joints serving the exact same menu (I'm not a hater as I frequented those joints and loved every bite).
Distrito is one of Jose Garces' many Philly restaurants and it's a blessing for West Philly to host a star chef (I guess I should include Bobby Flay as he now has his Burger Palace two blocks away). Poppy in Mexican wrestling masks, sea foam greens and pinks, cheesy marquees and fabulous decor and seating -- it's the perfect, casual environment for a first date or party with friends. Terrific happy hour, but also a menu that is priced right -- you can eat light or combine several reasonably priced dishes for a shared feast for the eyes as well as the palate.
It's all good -- colorful, fresh, bold - everything from the huaraches with short rib to the amarillo mole. But the real revelation were the ignacio nachos. David Chang said something like he abhors the term/idea of "authenticity" -- and this is a great case in point. I know that nachos not a true Mexican thing -- but here, it's done with such care and the combination of flavors is so spot on -- cheese is milky fresh -- not your Velveeta or sharp cheddar BS, chips are freshly prepared both thin and crispy - with just the right hint of salt, hot red and green peppers are sliced long and fresh, and a to-die-for combo of cilantro and radish give it a freshness and crunch that is both surprising and satisfying. Garces reinvents this dish, taking it back from all the dive bars that ruined it. And to any nay-sayers who are saying that nachos are not authentic Mexican -- if it wasn't called nachos and you had it off of some celebrity chef's tasting menu, you'd be singing its praises to the grave. Like a Korean BBQ taco -- a good idea is just a good idea!
What I recommend:
if you have a kid, it's a great place (especially if you can sit in the taxi-cab four-top). Have some nachos, enjoy a huarache (like a thin-bread pizza), choose a mole -- wash it down with a fresh fruit margarita and end your meal with the churros. Like your nachos, the melt-in-your-mouth pastries dipped in spicy chocolate sauce will erase all memories of those imposters introduced to kids in high school cafeterias.the ONLY ONLY ONLY criticism I have about this place is that they need more good food on their menu. The menu here doesn't come close to the variety at Amada. I wouldn't necessarily call this "Mexican Food" and I guess Garces wouldn't either (it's "Modern Mexican)". 
My parents took me here for my graduation dinner as per my request. It was one of the best dinners I've ever had. Mom was mad at the communal bathroom mirrors and sinks, but she's just nervous to pick her teeth in the company of others.distrito is phenomenal. sometimes places like it serve more pretension than good food. however, distrito is a genuine foodie destination. 
the los hongos are a must order. each bite is packed with a diversity of ingredients that work in concert to please every taste bud on one's tongue. other highlights amongst the small plates include the sopes and tuna ceviche. for dessert, the churros are a fantastic choice. i am not a chocolate person, but the accompanying choclate dipping sauce is decadent. 
while the portions appear to be small, they are adequately filling. in my opinion, the waiters suggest way more food than necessary. for a party of 4, 5-7 plates is adequate. while it may be on the expensive side, distrito is definitely worth every penny.Came in hearing great things and was worried it was talked up too much. It wasn't at all! The food was amazing, especially the queso fundido with duck. We asked for a drink that wasn't on the menu and the bartender happily made them for us. Super friendly service all around. I will definitely be back!Absolutely fabulous, cute, and...well, PINK!!! The atmosphere is fun & spunky, while everything is really mini (good for me since I'm petite)~!  If you're lucky and get to sit in the car, you are in for a ride (yes, pun intended).  It's very modern, retro, and hip-- geared towards the younger crowd.  The waitresses are very polite, and they reminded me of Pink Ladies from Grease.  If you don't enjoy the food, I guarantee a good experience. The food portions are really small-- but will not disappoint. Here are some of the things I ate:
1. Traditional Guacamole (Wasn't anything special but, still yummy)
2. Revueltos (YES! delicious!)
3. Steak & Eggs
4. Enchilada de Pollo (Excellent *****)
I am definitely going again!  I really want to try their Churros!  I hear they are amazing. I can't wait until my next visit there to try it.What can I say, I love Distrito.  The staff is so friendly, the food is great, and the margaritas are awesome.  Love the new decor downstairs, very chill and great for just a quick bite and some great spicy jalapeño margaritas.I like that this is a trendier option for Mexican in University City. I've been for the lunch special, which is really great deal! It's an app, a soda, and an entree for $15. I got the short rib flat bread and the guacamole and I thought that both of them were really good. I also got a margarita and I thought that it was well done. I've also had the opportunity to come for dinner and I thought that it was nice. They sat us upstairs, which is a little quieter than the bar area downstairs and better for conversations. I thought that the night we went for dinner the service was a little slow (especially for a Thursday night) and we ordered a few of the tacos (carne kobe and mahi mahi). I didn't think that the carne kobe tacos were that great (even though the description sounds like they should be). Overall, it was a good experience though and I would recommend if you're looking for a Mexican option in University City.This is a posh twist on cuisine inspired from the gastronomic monster that is Distrito Federal Mexico City. Having lived for over four years in the capital of Mexico where the chef sifts his inspiration of out, I approve of the interpretation.  What you're getting isn't all tacos de pastor, huaraches, alambres, chilaquiles verdes, nopales, and tortas, but something new all together with flavors excellently distilled from traditional Mexican flavors. I was worried about it being a crummy chain like Applebee's or TGIF when I saw some of the clientele, but after supping on my first spicy tequila coctail and then another paloma I was hooked. Would definitely come back, but be prepared to shell out if paying for a date! $$$$$$$$$$$$Distrito has good reliable food and it offers a very interesting atmosphere.  I've been here several times for food and drinks or just drinks and they have great happy hour specials and really tasty food.  Their mushroom pizza is a little heavy but really flavorful and their tacos are really good.  I've had their margaritas several times and they are strong--both the frozen and non-frozen.  Their guacomole is delicious and the service is good.  The bathrooms are very cool and there is a much more casual dining and drinking area downstairs.  Distrito also hosts events for local businesses, schools, etc. and they are always done very well.  There is a good liquor selection (beer and hard liquor) and the bartenders are nice.  I think the wait staff's white outfits are a bit too casual and cheesy-looking.  There is plenty of space in the restaurant to accommodate small and large groups and there are large booths that give you more privacy.  I heard brunch here is good but I haven't had a chance to try it yet!  Its location in West Philadelphia is a little annoying to get to but it's great to see nice restaurants expanding in that area.This is fancy-pants Mexican food with tapas-sized portions that add up to a bill bigger than you might usually associate with Mexican food.  The Carne Kobe and Mahi Mahi tacos were excellent.   The Mexico City Style Quesadillas were good.  Three people started with nachos went on to these three dishes and ended splitting two desserts (El Fuerte was my favorite after which the flan seemed too sedate).  We were very satisfied!  I'd go back.after tinto, i was more than looking forward to hitting up distrito! unfortunately, the decor was the best part of our visit. the place was virtually deserted on a saturday night. our drinks were subpar (very limited selection for margaritas) and the food was not memorable. i think i sorta liked the shrimp ceviche but i cant recall my main except that it didnt impress me. the service was also a little off. so sad. i really wanted to love this place.I came here for the 2$ taco tuesday happy hour (5-7PM) which was totally worth it! I would come earlier or call in with a reservation if possible, cause when we got there, we were a little nervous that we weren't going to be seated before the happy hour ended. Luckily, we were seated within 10 minutes and the service did their best to make sure we made it in time. Awesome.
The complimentary spicy peanuts were a great surprise. They were warm and a great compliment to the happy hour drinks we ordered. I got the cucumber mojito which was delicious.
The tacos we ordered (pollo, carnitas, and hongos) were awesome! The 2$ happy hour deal is definitely worth it. Surprisingly, my favorite was the hongos (mushrooms) - earthy, filling, savory, with a little crunch. I just wished I had asked for some hot sauce (why am I addicted to hot sauce??). The other tacos were just as great, although I did prefer the carnitas over the pollo.
I will definitely come back, and am looking forward to trying the non-happy hour menu.Another Jose Garces restaurant and another hit! I loved Distrito the minute I stepped foot inside. The decor is beyond anything I've ever seen. Distrito has a taxi cab table, a wall of lucha libre masks, and swinging chairs. The decor is full of bright pinks and greens. The music was playing to fit the theme and the staff dresses to fit as well.  
I had some trouble picking from the menu and was class to see the Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo tasting menus. I thought the tasting menu at Amada was a good experience and was glad we decided to give this a shot. We chose the cheaper Diego Rivera tasting menu. 
We were given chips and guacamole to start off. I'm sure I can't remember all of the dishes but here are the ones I do remember and liked:
Shrimp ceviche - my first ceviche...and it was good!
House salad
Mushroom flatbread - I don't like mushroom but didn't mind this
Chicken enchilada
Rabbit served with rice and black beans- my favorite dish
Skirt steak with risotto - very flavorful; my second favorite
We had flan for dessert and ordered a side of Churroz
I can't wait for my next visit to Distrito. As I have already visited 3 of the 6 Jose Garces restaurants, I also look forward to the next on my list Chifa.Went last night to meet a friend. The short rib Huaraches was very tasty. Tacos: Pollo & Camarones/Chorizo. Guacamole. Sangría, Cerveza(2 XX) Delicious!Distrito remains not only my favorite Jose Garces restaurant, but my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly.  I've been here three times for dinner and never left anything less than satisfied.  The chef's tasting menu - available at $45 or $55 a person - provides you with a surprisingly large quantity and variety of great tapas and other selections.  I've never gotten drinks here before, however, as that would put me a bit over my price limit.
On my most recent visit I ordered the shrimp and chorizo tacos, chicken enchiladas, duck breast mole, and scallops.  None of the dishes disappointed, and they complimented each other well.  While the service is a bit rushed - particularly on the Saturday night of my most recent visit - the servers are more than willing to help guide you through your selections.  Finally, the decor is great and the open kitchen provides an interesting diversion if you are seated on the second floor.Everyone I know in Philly has been to Distrito. The moment someone would mention it, or Mexican food, they would rave about it endlessly to the point that finally enough was enough - I had to try Distrito out for myself. I'm not a lover of Mexican food, but considering how much I enjoyed Amada I knew that there had to be some merit to this hype. 
Since my bf works at UPenn, and I was apartment hunting that day, we decided to meet up for dinner at Distrito (located in the boonies that is 40th St) and treat ourselves to an awesome meal. We arrived a little after 6pm and were promptly seated upstairs among the few patrons already there. The interior is fab - bright colors EVERYWHERE, with hot pink dominating the pack, and the theme is definitely playful Mexican. I love the wall of wrestling masks, and the taxi booth downstairs is a hoot. Our waitress promptly set down a bowl of their spicy peanuts (so good!) as she handed us menus, explaining the tapas style of the restaurant to us. 
It took a little while for us to decide, but once we gave our order food fairly promptly appeared at our table:
Hamachi Ceviche: yellowtail, habanero orange sauce, sangrita sorbet, mint. Amazing, the flavor combinations were spot on perfect - the sorbet tasted more like tomato to me, but it was still delish!
Esquites: sweet corn, queso fresco, chipotle, lime. Oh so good, the corn was truly fresh and sweet, and layered beautifully with the queso fresco in a tall glass. Every table was ordering it, and with reason!
Chilango Chop Salad: baby arugula, watercress, cherry tomato, olives, oranges, spiced pecans, fried tortilla strips, and we got the tomato-lime vinaigrette instead of the chipotle buttermilk dressing, which would have been too heavy. The vinaigrette made the salad light and refreshing.
SPECIAL Lobster Taco: lobster and crab meat on a soft tortilla with some delectable sauce I can't remember the name of. It was the best dish we had, they should really add it to the menu. I couldn't stop eating it, the flavors were amazing and the lobster and crab were fresh and cooked PERFECTLY. God, my mouth is watering right now thinking about it...
The four dishes we ordered were the perfect amount for us, even though they recommend five for two people. Some people seem to be complaining about portion size, but I found the portions to be generous for tapas - far more so than at Amada, which is more traditional Spanish tapas fare. We ended with a dessert because why the hell not?
Churros: four cinnamon sugar churros with molten dipping chocolate and coffee ice cream. SO GOOD. The churros were crispy, the chocolate was thick and RICH, and the ice cream was like frozen coffee. Mmmmm, so tasty. My stomach was full, but my mouth wanted more! I nearly ordered another. Seriously.
All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience. Our waitress was very nice, constantly checking in on us and refilling water, the food was delicious and came out quickly (but not all at once, to allow us to savor each dish a bit), and the ambiance is fantastic! I was surprised at how packed it got - we were there on a Tuesday, and by 7pm it was full upstairs! A very, very popular place, and likely to remain one.Disappointed in the recently scaled-back menu. The food is still pretty good, but many of the more creative dishes are gone from the menu now. What was once a great example of higher end Mexican food is now a neon Taqueria, with decent but uninspiring tacos and burritos. I won't be going nearly as often, as there are plenty of cheaper options that fill that role just fine.My friend and I were planning to go to Nan today but it was closed for  vacation so we ventured into Distrito. I was so pleasantly surprised by decor and ambience. The service was very fast and friendly. And I'm usually weary of quality of food in restaurants but I loved the food here, especially the vegetarian options. A little bit on the high side for the portions but that was ok. It's so nice to have more decent restaurants that are also fun and have great cuisine in West Philly.This is my third time back to Distrito and I would love to go back at least once a month!
Had the guacamole, hamachi ceviche, chilango huaraches, and carne kobe tacos.
The guacamole could use a little more salt and cilantro, the ceviche was surprisingly good (I'm not a huge fan of mint but I hardly tasted it), the flatbread and tacos are a huge favorite of mine!
Oh, the frozen watermelon margaritas are a must!This place is pure fun- Like described below, the neon translucent chairs and pink and green wicker decor makes my day when I walk in. Although the food is always very yummy when I go- I do agree that it's pretty pricey for the small plate that you get. If you like tequilla- wall of options is overwelming. Despite the price and food quanity- the quality is great and it will keep me going backI will not be going back to Distrito.  I give them no stars on my experience and 3 stars on correcting the problems. (There is no 1.5 star rating, and I would rather not round up in this case.
First, I will present my bias.  I hate confusing menus.  I hate when food is hard to order.  And I hate when food does not come out together (it makes it awkward in a party of 12 when 3 people have food and 9 do not).  Finally, I am very forgiving of isolated incidents, but when a clear pattern emerges, that is unacceptable.
That being said.  The service was slow.  It took a long time before we ordered, then a long time before food started trickling (1-2 dishes at a time) to our table.  
When food did come to our table, the food bearers (not our waitress) did not know where the food went.  Some sides went to the wrong person, but you didn't know if it was part of your meal (confusing menu), so you didn't know what to say or do.  It was a hot mess.
I have a food allergy, I am lactose intolerant.  The steak entree comes with a cream based rice side.  I asked for plain rice, explained my food allergy, and the waitress said she would inform the chef and create an alternative for me.  Sounded wonderful!
The food bearer came in with a steak and handed it to the first person to indicate it is what they ordered (3 of us at the table had ordered the carne asada).  It had green beans as a side.  I thought it might have been mine, but was not sure, as I did not know which side I would be getting.  Then everyone else got the rest of their food and finally two more steaks came out, one was handed to me.  It has the cream based rice side.  I thought eff it, I'm hungry, I don't want to deal with it, and the food isn't touching, I'll just eat the steak.  Plus, if they correct it, they will bring me green beans. I don't like green beans and won't eat them anyway so it didn't really matter. 
Our waitress comes in, sees that I was handed the wrong dish, and takes it away to correct the problem as I have the food allergy.  Fine.  It is her correcting the error, I get it.  But now everyone is mostly finished with their meal while I am waiting for mine to come.  Meal comes, it was okay.  Nothing spectacular.  Overcooked for medium rare.  Not worth the price.  
Our bill comes.  The waitress indicates she can only split the bill 6 ways.  Not the biggest issue in the world, but all 12 of us are in town on business.  It makes it pretty complicated to sort out when submitting expense reports and we are all from different cities.  We could have made it a point to discuss this with them before we ordered, but it should be standard practice for a restaurant to ask when it is a large group.
We review the bill, there were errors on it.  Again, not the end of the world, and understandable for a party of 12.  But this was it.  This was unacceptable.  I'd had enough.  I went to the hostess and said I wish I went somewhere else tonight.  She got the manager, I reviewed the specific issues I had with my experience at the restaurant.  He apologized sincerely and sought to correct the mistakes and inconveniences.  They corrected the errors in the bill.  They tried again to split the bill 12 ways.  For whatever reason, the computer would not allow it.  I am having trouble comprehending why they could not void the transaction and ring up 12 individual orders but whatever.  
The manager came to me, removed my steak from the bill, and removed the drink orders from everyone's bill to make up for the errors and inconveniences experienced by everyone.  
While it took a while, I do feel they did a good job fixing the problems.  That said, I still will not be returning to this restaurant on any return trip to Philadelphia.This is everything a fusion restaurant should be.  Fun, playful, different, and yet true to it's roots.
The staff at Distrito are always (I have been there 6 times or so) friendly and efficient.  They know the menu, and they are just all around helpful.
The decor is fun and fresh, Mexican wrestling masks, and a car that you can eat in, make this a fun place (reserve the car specifically and at least days in advance, there is only one and it goes fast).  The lighting is right and the tables as spaced at a reasonable distance.
The food is always done well.  I may not like everything on the menu, but I could tell even the things I did not like were cooked well, and would have been liked by others.  The one notable exception to this is esquites this traditional Mexican street food is deconstructed to a gloppy mess.  Everything else on the menu makes up for this.  There guacamole single handedly converted me to a guacamole fan.  
This place is great for dates, groups, and family.  It is not the cheapest place in the area but I would gladly pay the prices over and over again if they keep the quality.I have been to 2 private events at Distrito over the past 2 months and while they offer a great private space, the food is just average. 
Passed horderves included street corn in a cup, cheese stuffed peppers, jicama salad, and mushroom flatbread. Self serve guacamole/chips and tacos were set up on tables. The guacamole was served next to a huge bowl of parmesan cheese which complemented the guac perfectly... honestly a combination I will most certainly replicate. The tacos were served on corn tortillas only. 
The margaritas are strong but far from the best I've ever had. 
Overall, nothing here impressed me enough to come back for a meal or another event. The happy hour menu doesn't even look appealing.. offering only 3 drink options and 2 food options.Decor is beautiful.
Mexican poutine is delicious, rich in terms of cheese, sour cream etc., but nevertheless, delicious.
Fish tacos are good. The only minor complaint is that I wish the fish had more flavor/seasoning, but the slaw and sauce that accompany it is seriously tasty.
And last but not least, the margaritas...not the best, not the worst, but strong. It only takes 1-2 and I'm sure you'll be a bit more than buzzed. 
Downside, bathrooms are completely disgusting.
.Don't come unless you're prepared to spend $30 to feel full. NOT for big jeurnts! If I didn't think it was over priced I'd give to 4 stars. I guess tapas are my thing.Loved Distrito! Such a fun place with awesome decor with great ambiance. We sat in the car table which was awesome! The food was awesome as well. I had a few different tacos which were all really good. My favorite was the mahi mahi taco. My husband had the burrito suizo and said it was great. Amazing spicy margaritas! Service was fine!Food was overpriced. Service was lacking the quality I have come to associate with Garces. Very disappointed. Won't be backI am only giving one star because my kids ate the free desert. The food was not authentic nor fresh. You want authentic Mexican food this is not the place !!! We had everything in the testing Menu and it was no "Bueno" ...I went on a Friday night, and the place was not too packed or to loud. I was easily able to have a conversation with my friend. I started with a margarita, which was not strong and over-priced. My friend and I sat for 5 hours drinking beer and talking, and the staff did not fuss. The best part of the meal was the mahi mahi tacos! The churros on the desert menu are also a must!Have to agree with other yelpers, that while the food was tasty and the decor was classy, it was NOT worth it for the amount of money that we spent.  
We went only to take advantage of the 20% off student discount, which lightened the blow a little bit.  We got 5 tapas dishes, which the waistress said should be enough for two people.  The ceviche and moles that we got was TINT.  The moles came out and it was literally in a matchbox.  The rest were ok-sized.  None were my faves.  I could have gotten the same thing at any other mexican restaurant, for much cheaper.I decided to write an update, not because my rating has changed, but because I cannot get over how much I love this restaurant, and I forgot to gush about how awesome it was the last time I was here! I came here for my birthday, during the University Dining Days (I'm assuming that this is similar to CCD Restaurant Week), and was pleasantly surprised when I came with enough people to order everything they offered on the limited UDD menu to share with the entire table. Although some items were unfortunately a little too small to share between 6 people, I was able to taste everything (birthday girl gets some priority with the food!).
The particularly memorable items (even half a year later):
- Cucumber mojitos
- Ceviche de Camarones (fresh)
- Esquites (corn, cheese, lime, and spice in a tall cup - seriously what is not amazing about this?)
- Guacamole (solely for the fact that this with the chips and salsa were ridiculously addictive)
- Tacos (specifically the mahi mahi!)
- Salmon a la Plancha (luxuriously silky fish)
- Brazo Gitano (I have scoured the internet for a recipe similar to the way they make it here, and have come up with nothing. There is a little hole in my heart because of this.)
This is to say, nothing that was served, at least on the Dining Days menu, was even slightly bad. Just the ones I listed were so good that I am sitting in my room, six months later, still dreaming of them. I will never not order the Esquites.
The table we sat at was beautiful! The chairs were fun as well - they were pretty much just benches on swings. The ambiance is modern, upbeat, and just all around fun - far from traditional and conservative. In terms of service, our waiter was polite, quick, knowledgeable about the menu and he dished out some great recommendations.
I don't know. I guess maybe the price would be off putting, but Distrito does have happy hour, so you can control how much/little you'd like to have/spend. But otherwise, this is one of my favorite places in the city, and I will always recommend it.They say first impressions are lasting impressions. Luckily for Distrito, that didn't happen last night. We arrived timely for our reservation. The hostess took us past 6 or 8 open tables to seat us in a dark corner. It did not bode well. 
Michael, our server, made up for our inability to see the menu. He guided us expertly to a great meal. 
We started with the grilled mushroom flatbread - simply delicious. That was followed be a relatively disappointing hamachi seviche. It was more like diced sashimi than anything else. Next came lamb tacos & grilled duck breast. Both were just great. At the end, my wife wanted something sweet. Michael again to the rescue ... He recommended the cheesecake. Truly ambrosia. Light, fluffy & not too sweet. Just wish they had the specialty coffees in decaf.So after hearing a whole lot about Distrito, I finally got a chance to give it a try. My friends Chris and Brooke were looking for something good to eat, so I remembered how another friend told me about the awesome time they'd had at Distrito, off we went!
As everyone has mentioned, the decor is awesome, fun, inviting, really setting the mood for a great time. From the luchador masks on the wall, to the panel letting above the bar down stairs. It had the makings to be a great meal. Our waiter invited us in and let us know a little about how the restaurant functioned. After some looking at the menu we decided to each get a couple things for ourselves as opposed to ordering and sharing, sheerly because we were super hungry. 
I had the chick tacos, the chick enchilada and chips with salsa. WOW. There was so much flavor in all of it, I couldn't really believe it. The salsa was so fresh we could taste the nuance of all the ingredients mixed/diced together. The chicken enchiladas and tacos were out of this world. The fresh avocado on the tacos with the cut up radish on top made for great presentation and taste.
For dessert I had a horchata beverage, which tasted kind of like sweet milk, and it really complemented the tres leches cake. It was smooth and creamy and rounded out the experience very well. 
I would recommend that anyone who enjoys mexican food to go to Distrito for a great time with some friends!I don't understand what the hype is about? My friend and I arrive around 8pm on Sat and the girl at the front desk quickly told us that there was no availability on second level and we can only eat at their taqueria. We were seated promptly and our server was attentive. I went back and asked what the wait time was to be seated on the second level (not offered initially) and the girl stated about an hour, so I put my name down. 
Chips were cold, guacamole and salsa were bland, and my taco was dry. I did get the pozole and it was VERY GOOD. My friend got the carnitas tacos and stated they were good. The veggie quesadilla was pretty tasty as well. 
About an hour and 15 min later and my name was never called. Front desk service needs work. The girls did their best to do the bare minimum with guests. 
Maybe because I'm Mexican and have high standards for "Mexican"  food, I was disappointed. The decor is nice and the food was maybe a 6 at best. Service always brings restaurants down.Distrito is a cool Mexican restaurant in university city.  I came here a few times I lived in the neighborhood.  The ambiance is the coolest part.  It's not cheap so going during restaurant week, university dining days is a good option.  I came here one year for Valentine's Day and they had an affordable price fixed menu that allowed you to try everything.Distrito has set such a high bar that it's been difficult for me to enjoy other interior Mexican restaurants, even Mr. Bayless restaurants in Chicago. I'm referring to interior Mexican not that Tex-Mex stuff that you find all over Austin and other parts of Texas, NM and AZ. I guess I never acquired a taste for flour tacos, refried beans and rice and the preferred combination of meat, cheese and tortilla.
Anyway, I miss so many items on the menu at Distrito; the ceviches (atun, hiramasa) tortilla soup, tacos (pollo, mahi mahi, carne al carbon) chilango chop salad and the awesome desserts. 
I have a long list of new restaurants to try during my next trip to Philly, but will definitely make the effort to get back to Distrito. 
Mr. Garces, since you opened a Distrito in Scottsdale, surely you can open one in Austin. After all, Austin is way cooler than Scottsdale and Forbes' named East Austin ( ideal spot for Distrito) the no. 7 hippest hipster neighborhood in America.With the influx of mexican-americans over the last several years, I keep expecting  an all-around, great Mexican restaurant to rear its head here in Philly. We have high-end Mexican food, Los Catrines Tequila's or Xochitl; BYOB Mexican fusion, Lolita;  Cheap Taqueria, Taqueria Veracruzana and others. I was hoping Distrito would help fill in the gap. I think that Distrito does a good job with pretty much everything they serve, but I've been there three times and there's no single dish that would bring me back. They also have some unusual, authentic sounding dishes and drinks (dishes: huaraches, frijoles charros and drinks: michelada,  boing, jarritos). However, to me the food here lacks soul...and kick. The salsa is watered down and the michelada is not much different than a Bud lime with seasoned salt. I'm tired of expensive, cute mexican food. Can't someplace in this city please serve good enchiladas, chilaquiles,moles, tacos, nachos, burritos, fajitas, spicy salsa and chips, and a good margarita at a reasonable price!? ¡Órale güeyes!I like the chips and guacamole and liked the cheese sprinkles on top. My friend and I ordered the $35 set menu of chips/guac/salsa, shrimp cerviche (a little on the sweet side), arugala salad (spicy and yummy, but again a little on the sweet side), mushroom flatbread that was a little too mushroom-y for my taste, and sirloin steak that came with a pretty good cheesy risotto and baked black beans and rice. For dessert we had a mini flan which was very very sticky (pieces actually stuck to the spoon).
Overall the experience was nice, but the food was just okay, and the service, depending on the person, was inconsistent. The guy we had didn't want to explain each item, was vague about how many plates we should order (since it was our first time there), and out of a bit of frustration we jumped at ordering the set menu. The woman who brought out the food was clear, detailed and nice. The decor is cute and fun - just be prepared for PINK.Used to be good, service was horrendous today and they changed the mahi tacos. Won't be back.I had such a good time, and I love that they have happy hour everyday from 5pm-7pm. I don't eat meat, strictly fish and seafood, and they have plenty of options. The veggie nachos are amazing, and $5 during happy hour! I can't wait to go back. My waiter was really funny and very attentive.My sister had my brother in law's surprise 30th birthday party here Saturday night. She did a fixed menu and everything rocked. The service was impeccable as was the food. We started with ceviche, nachos, short rib flatbreads, queso fundido and chips, guac and salsa. For dinner, we had enchiladas and shrimp skewers. There was so much food and it was made so well. I think this is a testament to the quality of the food here - 30 people ate, ate well and no one complained. I had a few micheladas with my meal, which I love. Salty rules in my book and they did not disappoint. The ambience is great for a party and I can't wait to go back!Warning to those that are expecting a Chipotle experience -- this restaurant is mostly small portions of tasty food for exorbitant prices.
On top of that, Distrito's atmosphere reminds me of what Candy Crush would feel like if it weren't virtual. The service was just... weird, as in fluttery and dismissive and hurry-the-hell-up all at once.
Great tacos, delicious horchata, huge selection of alcohol. But we spent at least $60 and left hungry, which is a shame.Food: 4.5 stars
Location: 3.5 stars
Ambiance: 4.5 stars
Service: 4.5 stars
Price: 4 stars
Recommendations:  Distrito is beautiful.  I was not expecting the inside of the restaurant to be so well done and unique.  It was a very pleasant surprise.
We had the pleasure of experiencing the FRIDA KAHLO tasting menu.  It was so delicious.  We were served entrees that are not found on the regular menu:
1st Course- Guacamole with Crab; Spring Fruit Salad; Tuna Tartare/Ceviche
2nd Course- Carne Asada Street Tacos; Black Mushroom and Truffle Huarache
3rd Course- Lamb Chops; Lobster
Dessert- Pineapple Tres Leche Cake
I would highly recommend this tasting, especially since its a steal at $55.  The tequilla is flowing here and the margaritas are delicious.  Definitely a great experience.  I cant wait to go back for their brunch.
Overall: 4.5 stars (with only location preventing the full 5)Got dinner here on a Sunday night with a group of 4 for my friend's birthday and we were seated upstairs immediately (no reservation).  I had eaten beforehand, so I only got drinks and shared some items.  We started with the chips and guacamole, which was good, but I wish that when you ordered the guacamole, salsa would automatically come with it.  Also, we finished the guac before we ran out chips so I'd suggest using not too much guac if you want it to last for all your chips.  We ordered a pitcher of red wine sangria and it was delicious, but a ripoff.  A glass of sangria is $8 while a pitcher that is supposed to be for 5 servings is $35( for a group of 4 meaning $8.75 for hopefully a glass and at least a quarter of  glass more).  The pitcher barely had anything left once the original 4 glasses were poured, so we were better off just ordering 4 separate glasses.  We ended up doing that for the second round, and it was a lot better - the glasses were not only bigger (they ran out of the fancy ones which was fine by me), but the drink was stronger as well.  There are some places where ordering a pitcher can get you a glass and a half; Distrito is not one of them.  We got the cheese cake as a dessert and they brought it out with a lit candle so that we could sing happy birthday.  The cheesecake didn't taste like your typical cheesecake but it was DELICIOUS.  There was a cookie, banana slices, ice cream, and a coffee flavored syrup that came with it, and all those flavors went so well together.  When the bill came out, they gave us the cheesecake for free, which was really nice and awesome.  Overall, I thought it was a great place to celebrate a friend's birthday.
Random note: I really like the smell of their soap in the bathroom.Every dish my wife and Ihad was awesome. Service is quick, they explain what you have in front of you, and then just get into eating good food. This guy does not disappoint. Garces makes sure all of his places are sending out quality food. Had ceviche, guac with crabmeat, fish tacos, blood orange marg, and then lets get into how awesome his flatbreads are! Come on, truffles, braised meat, high quality cheese, herbs spices. I am about to have an accident in my pants right now.This place was good--very good, even--but it didn't really blow me away. Maybe it's because I had grand expectations from a big name chef, but, I don't know, I left sort of unsatisfied.
Or maybe it's because of the small-size plates that I was left wanting more. Or maybe because my frozen strawberry margarita didn't taste all that much of strawberry and was so thick it was difficult to drink.
Wow, I'm sounding negative. Don't mean to be. The interior is cute, the service was good, and the food is well prepared.
I'd say it's worth trying once.Margaritas are strong. Love the pod type of seating. We had a big group and the food kept flowing, all hot and delicious.  Will definitely come here again.I asked my boyfriend to take me to Distrito after hearing wonderful reviews.  We made a reservation for the entire family on a Friday night and had no difficulty getting a table.  The restaurant is hip, modern, and fun for the entire family.  The food came out pretty quickly.  I'm not too sure how I felt about the speed in which it arrived.  Friday night dinners are a time for you to hang out and have a few drinks.  Our meals were out within 5-10 minutes of ordering.  
While most of the food was incredible, we did have some of our taco dishes that were cold.  The mahi mahi tacos are RIDICULOUS!  I'm not one to order fish tacos but these were incredible! If you check out Distrito, GET THESE TACOS!
Overall, it was a good experience and we will definitely be back.Reservations are recommended as it's been hit or miss each time I've gone. Better to play it safe then sorry. I was happy I had one tonight it was packed.
Our server was pretty good but got slammed half way through our meal. It became difficult to order more food or get drinks at this point but I understand I was a server and we weren't in a rush.
Our food was really good as always. We had the guacamole with crab to start. Kobe tacos are always excellent!!  The flat bread with mushrooms is good but not that Mexican.  Lastly we had the chicken enchilada which I feel is over priced for what it is. Skipped dessert because we were so full but they brought out a round of shots for our anniversary.After hearing everyone rave about Distrito, I knew that I had to give it a try. Needless to say, I was underwhelmed. 
I ordered the fish tacos and a side of the Mexican corn. The fish tacos were very small (hence tapas, I guess) and pretty flavorless. I expected the corn to be corn ON THE COB, but it was just kernels with some weird mayo mixture. Not a fan. 
Distrito was not horrible, by any means, but Philadelphia is home to better Mexican restaurants.The guacomole was pretty good and addicting. We had the chef's table and the first couple of plates were mostly nachos, quesadillas, flour like stuff, beans and cheese stuff. The good stuff was at the end and by that time I was very full. The shrimp skewers were good and reminded me of the garlic shrimp from amada. My husband said the steak was good. Too bad I filled up on chips. Had lots of drinks and their margaritas, especially the Jefe was good. I had the horchata alcoholic drink was strangely tangy and wasn't that good but must be my taste and my expectations. I had the grapefruit margarita and pineapple margaritas as well. They should start making other kinds like mango and strawberry :) Otherwise it was a good experience and would go back. Recommend the karaoke room if anyone wants to bring a group along with them. We had a blast in there.pretttttty pretttttttttttttttttttttyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy pretttttttttttyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy good.  
and there's a claw machine in the restroom.  we got two prizes with one grab.  yippeeeee!Tried the tasting menu and we were not disappointed.  A bit pricey (to be expected) but everything we had was outstanding!Since my first review of Distrito a few months ago, I have since gone back 4 more times. I dare say that it's now one of my favorites restaurants in Philly. The food and service has always been consistently excellent. It's a great place to bring friends visiting from out of town for dinner & drinks as it has the best mix of a lively atmosphere and excellent food. I will continue to recommend the tasting menu (now priced at $45/person) for those who like to sit back, relax, and enjoy whatever comes out. 
Final thoughts...
{still} fun, fiesty, and {very} well done!Nothing short of amazing!  The crab guacamole, will blow your socks off.  I am looking forward to taking my entire family!Thought this would be a good pick for a quick meal, Tuesday evening, no crowd, and the floors were dirty, had to wait for silverware while our food was sitting in front of us.
Tacos were not terrible, though the mahi mahi was just a greasy fish stick, good sauce though.  The enchilada was about the smallest entree I've seen in Philly and at$15 not much of a deal, it was also burned and stuck to the skillet... flavor was disappointing as well.
$55 bucks for guacamole, three tacos, a beer, tiny enchiladas and a glass of white wine, sorry Distrito there are way better Mexican options in every neighborhood.When we sat down, our waitress introduced us and told us that she was also the bartender. We thought that would be fine, but the service itself wasn't great. Our waitress was not very tentative and pretty much forgot about our chips/guacamole/queso order until AFTER our entrees came out. 
Service aside, I thought the food was pretty decent, nothing out of the park. I got the beef burrito, which seemed a bit lacking. The meat was tender and tasty, but the burrito as a whole felt a bit bland. I thought there was a lot of potentials, but felt very underseasoned. The drinks are pretty good. 
Overall, I think if the service was better, I would have given Distrito a 4, but bad/lacking service can ruin an experience. I would come here if you want drinks or some decent Mexican food, but don't come here expecting incredible service or food.Tapas: Yum.  Mexican: Yum.  Jose Garces: Yum.  All three together?!  Mind-bogglingly good.  Given the quality of the food, it didn't even seem that expensive.  Lunch is a cheaper option that will still blow your mind.  My only worry about this place is that after a few years it will grow dated, but hopefully they'll change it by then to something newly exuberant.Probably my first 5 star review. The place wasn't too busy with 5-7 people in the restaurant. Servers were friendly and accommodating. Basically an Upscale Mexican joint. 
Appetizers - Guacamole, Queso Fundido.
Guacamole comes with coconut shavings on top which was a completely new concept for me but tasted amazing. Avocado was fresh and green. Lemon zing to the guacamole was a nice touch.
Queso Fundido - Tasty cheese melted to perfection with a crusty bottom. Comes with small tortillas. 
Lunch - I had a burrito with Ropa Vieja ( chipotle braised chicken). Honestly I haven't had such a delectable burrito in my life. Have tried multiple Mexican places but none stand to Distrito's comparison.
Only the chicken pieces were a bit bigger than I would have liked but it was completely cooked. Completely satisfied with my meal.
Overall - Wonderful place with great ambience. Worth the price. Definitely visit at least once.I got the chance to get dolled up the other night and head to Distrito. I had heard mixed reviews about the price versus proportions but regardless was looking forward to rewarding myself with a wonderful evening with a good friend.
The decor struck me as what Steven Starr aims for but misses in his restaurants. Bright lights and vibrant colors emanate fom every corner of the gastro-delight, all the while the enviroment was very relaxing and made you feel...familiar.
Looks aside, the food was a foodie's dream. Where as many argue that the price you pay for the portions does not match, I beg to differ on this topic. Jose Garces is very passionate about the quality of his food, therefore he is not willing to use mass produced food and vegetables from questionable locals.  Quality, not quantity is the sentiment that I am left with when describing the tapas size portions of the food. 
I will admit that I do know one of the chef's at Distrito, but I would not be writing a 5 star review if the experience did not meet and exceed my expectations.
The drinks were strong and seasonal. I had a watermelon margarita, with fresh watermelon muddled in the glass with the liqueur. The course salt that rimmed the glass brought out the juicy sweetness of the melon. 
The tapas range from around 5-18 dollars and you are recommended to order 3-4 per person. Honestly, two each would most likely be sufficient. 
I strongly recommend the Atun ceviche, with it's sushi grade thinly sliced tuna, lime sorbet, and coconut sauce to round out the savory sweet concoction. Unlike over ceviches I have had, this one was not overly acidic and was amazingly delicate as ceviche should be. The splurge of the evening would be the lamb which was perfectly cooked with a seared exterior and a  rare center.
There were about four other dishes served to us both at our chosing and as compliments from the kitchen. I suppose I could sit and talk about them all, but instead I will just let you know that if it were acceptable to lick your plate, I would have. 
Oh ps,  best tres leches I have ever had. 
I tip my hat to Jose Garces, who was there the whole time we were( over 2.5 hours)  and often times smiled at us and came to speak with us during our meal. 
Antony Bourdain once called Philadelphia "a two horse town, Perrier and Starr", well Garces will be giving them both quite the culinary competition.The food and service here are AMAZING! Our waiter, Mike, gave us great recommendations on the menu and provided us with excellent service with a witty sense of humor.  Will definitely be going back when we are in Philadelphia again!Visited for University Dining Days with my friend as we both had wanted to try Distrito. Utilizing restaurant weeks to try new places is ideal because I feel it helps patrons experience the full range of the menu. 
While it was busy, we had made reservations in advance, which I recommend as it appeared there was a decent wait for walk-ins. Overall, the decor was interesting and the colors made the restaurant feel like a fun place to be. Of course, one of the favorite tables that is a converted car, is a neat seating arrangement to have in any restaurant.
Between the two of us, we ordered the following: 
1st course - Ceviche de Camarones, Gazpacho, Esquites, Jicama Salad.
2nd course - Huarache de Hongos, Pancita Pibil, Tacos de Carnitas, Platano y Crema.
Dessert - Chocolate Torte and Torta de Queso
Drink - El Jefe (margarita) 
Overall, everything was delicious and my only complaint was that the Plantano y Crema seemed very sweet. However, the rest of the menu was on point and one of my favorites was the Huarache de Hongos. As to El Jefe, no complaints, but a bit over priced - even though there is the use of higher end ingredients, for $15 I was expecting a.) a larger drink or b.) the best margarita I ever had. 
I noticed the table next to us was a bit frustrated that their food came in waves, which left some people waiting. However, most of the dishes could easily be shared or passed between two people. One thing I did like was how food was coming out since our table never felt overwhelmed with options.
I would plan to return again and recommend Distrito for those in University City looking for some higher end Mexican food.I love everything about this place. We made reservations and had no trouble getting in when we arrived even though it was PACKED. (I really appreciate when your reservation is honored and you aren't made to wait.) I had the steak adobo fajitas, husband had the shortrib flatbread - both were phenomenal. We also shared the queso and an order of churros - also wonderful. Great food and great atmosphere makes this place a winner!distrito has great food.
Ive tried several different things on the menu.  but I just thought the price for the amount of food you received didnt match well.
other then that try there hamachi tacos, breakfast burrito, and there enchiladas.What a great dining experience! From the time we walked in, I loved this place. The decor is really bright and fun. Fresh fruit margaritas are to die for! We chose the Chef's Tasting menu, which was phenomenal. It is selections from their menu, chosen by the chef. This is the way to go since they give you a ton of food, two items per course, for 4 courses. Highly recommend this place to anyone, especially for couples, or those who like to order a bunch of plates and share amongst everyone.I was part of a group of 5 that went here this past Saturday 8/27/16 for a birthday dinner.  Let me start by saying the food (when we got it), was good.  The guac is a little bland, but I got the churizo and a mahi taco and both were excellent. Now, our story: 
We got seated, and our waiter took our drink orders.  It took a while to come, but it's a Sat. night in Univ. City, so we weren't complaining.  We get it.  Four of the five of us at the table have worked in the restaurant/event industry on some level.  We put in an order of chips, salsa and guac for the table.  He took the order, went away, and came back in a reasonable time to take our entree order.  Nothing too out of the ordinary at this point in time.  He was even kind enough to take a picture for us, which I know servers hate.  So thank you for that. :)  
Then, 20 minutes, 30, 45, an hour goes by. And we don't even have the chips, salsa and guac yet.  We were having drinks so we didn't even really think too much about it, until our waiter came up to us and said "Are you ladies ordering food, or just drinks tonight?"  
=/
We were so confused, we literally thought we were on a hidden camera show or something.  Like, we ordered food.  An hour ago.  Is this life?  When we explained this to him, he sort of mumbled something about his manager, and we were like, "No. We ordered food.  With you.  Not anybody else."  So he kind of nodded and walked away.  About 15 minutes later, our chips finally came out via a food runner, and I asked him to please make sure our other food was entered, since there was obviously some confusion on our waiters part.  (P.S., I feel like they have to have just a giant tub of guac and salsa back there....it's a freaking Mexican place).  Maybe 20 minutes after that, 3 of our 5 dishes came out via a different food runner.  He put them down and told us to enjoy.  He was nervous, and we felt bad about that since he had nothing to do with this.  When the waiter came back to check on us, we explained to him that 2 of our entrees were MIA.  He asked my friends what they got, they told him, and he disappeared again.  About 10 minutes later, the GM came up, and again asked my friends what they ordered.  She then disappeared, only to come back about 10 minutes later and yet AGAIN ask my friends what they ordered (which was one of their flatbreads and 2 tacos.  Nothing crazy).  At this point, we were just laughing because we were just beyond incredulous.  Their food did finally arrive, with a lot of apologies from the GM, and like I said, the food was good.  The GM then brought us over some shots of tequila, as well as took 50% off of our bill. 
I will give them another chance, and 3 stars instead of 1 because they did take actions to rectify the situation.  Though an admittance of guilt from somebody would have been nice, just say that you screwed up and have no recollection of who we are and whether or not we even ordered food, let alone what that food was.  Good food, good atmosphere, obviously the service is a little lacking.During a weekend trip to Philly, I stopped by Distrito at the recommendation of a friend. 
Despite having a reservation at 8 and arriving promptly, it took us 15 minutes to get seated. While the wait wasn't a problem, I was a bit upset that we were seated later than other parties of two that arrived after us. The hostess up front told us that it was because they had a hard time keeping track of who came in first, which I thought was unacceptable.
The rest of our visit was flawless. We ordered the queso fundido w/ chorizo which was delicious, and I got tacos while my girlfriend ordered the burrito suizo. The adobo chicken in particular is excellent; very juicy and flavorful. Our waiter was attentive and very prompt. I have no complaints about the actual dining experience and would recommend Distrito to a friend.First of all, the customer service here is excellent. The waiter and the manager were both very friendly and attentive, and also very knowledgeable about the menu. 
I came here for Sunday brunch with the boyfriend. He got Huarache de Tomate and I got the Huevos Rancheros. We started with the chips/gauc/salsa. The guacamole wasn't really to either of our tasting--we both like chunky guacamole and this was a really smooth guacamole. There also wasn't much flavor to it but overall, it wasn't terrible. The salsa was delicious!  My boyfriend pretty much ate the entire thing--it's a bit spicy but very delicious and tastes really fresh. 
My bf thought the Huarache was okay but nothing super special. I couldn't try it because there's bacon in it. The Huevos Rancheros was pretty bad. There was no flavor to it and the tortillas in it were far too thick and overpowered the entire entree. I also found a metal coil inside my entree, which I almost swallowed.  I told the waiter about it and he was incredibly apologetic and told the manager, who then came over to personally apologize. They didn't charge us for the entree and were incredibly apologetic about it. I thought they handled the situation very well and was ultimately, very happy with the service.
I really want to like this place because of the great service and because of how close I live to it (just around the corner).  But, I have yet to eat anything very good here.  The one thing I really liked was the Bloody Mary, but that's pretty much the only thing I would recommend here.We came for a dinner event in the upstairs lounge and the food and service were fantastic.  The mushroom flatbread/huarache and plantains stole the show, though.  The flatbread was paper-thin, crispy and topped with the perfect balance of cheese, trumpet mushrooms, and herbs.  And don't forget the caramel cheesecake!  Just get it.  Trust me.Was this place expensive? Absolutely. Was it worth it? Hell ya! Having spent close to 12 years in Texas, I was used to getting great BBQ and good Mexican food. My wife has spent 25+ years in Texas, so she knows her Mexican food as well. We both absolutely loved Distrito's and can't wait to go back and even try Jose Garces' other Philly restaurants. 
Distrito's is located in the University City section of Philly and it's pretty much street parking. Driving into the city on a Friday evening is not fun, but our 1 hour and 45 minute drive was worth it! This is a 2-story restaurant that is brightly decorated on the inside. I wish we could have dined in the car located on the first floor, but it was already taken. We ended up sitting upstairs, and in addition to regular tables, they also had a few where you could sit in a porch type swing to eat your meal. I like how you can look into the kitchen, but some of the tables were a bit to close together. It wouldn't have been much of a stretch for me to reach over and grab food off the table next to me (which I thought about doing as their meal looked really good as well)!
This is a tapas restaurant, so plates are small. They do offer a tasting menu, but they prefer that your entire table order that if you decide to go that route. We wound up ordering al a carte and went with the traditional guacamole, encarnacion nachos libres, mahi maui tacos, and the carne asada. For dessert, my wife had the torta de queso (lime cheesecake) and I went with the churros. Everything was simply delicious except the carne asade, which is why I could only give this a 4-star rating. The taste of the carne asade was just OK and there was a lot of fat on the meat. It just simply was not to our liking and as my wife said, she's had much better. But that aside, we thoroughly enjoyed everything else and would not hesitate to go back. There are plenty of other things on the menu that I would love to try.
Service was excellent and I dare you to try and get your water glass to be less than half full! Someone was constantly coming back to refill the glasses and if they could find a way to fill your glass while you were drinking, they probably would! Since this was our first visit here, our waiter really helped us out with the menu and with how much to order. When I left to hit the restroom during dinner, I came back to my napkin neatly folded up and placed on the table (I left it on my seat all crunched up).
As for the restrooms, they have several individual bathrooms, each labeled as either men's or women's and then there is a community type sink for washing your hands. While the bathrooms were certainly not bad, they could have been a little tidier.
As I said, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal and we will be back and we will try his other restaurants in the area!A family asked me this morning about where to get upscale Mexican and before my lips could say Dis... , the father asked my opinion for said restaurant. I looked at his young boy and said.. Go there!!!!! Not only does their second floor have a projector for movies like the Three Amigos but also a claw machine near the washrooms which have Mexican Wrestling action figures to take home! Have a soda or something much much stronger on their swing or just relax on in their swivel chairs or "bee hives"- if you see it you'll understand while enjoying some flavorful cuisine.  The portions may look small in size but oh so delicious that seconds are certainly in demand! Living near two Mexican restaurants means not having to go very far to enjoy food south of the border but there is something truly delectable about his choice of ingredients and how they mash up. To many, people feel that this is El Vez in West Philly but I have news for you.. Chef Garces may have opened both but Distrito stands alone. And I can't wait to hear how this family enjoyed this crown jewel of 40th!We had a work holiday party here. There was about 150 of us and we had the full upstairs rented out, the place is so beautiful and spacious.
Upon arrival, there was a few stations of guac and salsa, both were great. People were walking around with Sangria and Margs. You could also go to the bar to get a different drink. FYI we had an open bar. After cocktail hour we all sat at tables. The seating arrangement was set up well so it wasn't difficult to get seats with your friends. 
There was a fixed menu of tapas which a group of four shared. Our table lucked out and got everything. I forget exactly what we ate but I know it was yummy. Some of the other tables were missing dishes, had cold food, etc. 
I definitely recommend this spot for large private parties.While this place does have tasty dishes, the value isn't great and the service and ambiance can be a bit lacking. I've been here a number of times for corporate events and dining out in University city, and my reaction is consistently the same.
Pros: This place has a combination of traditional Mexican fare as well as American standards, giving plenty of options to the guest. 
Cons: The way the menu works is rather confusing, I find that when I need to order for myself, and food is not simply provided in a banquet style, I never know how much food to order, and leave hungry or annoyed at the wait staff for allowing me to order too much (presumably to add to their tip). Additionally, it does not make sense to have a family style menu that features tacos. They come in orders of three, which is NEVER the right amount for any party really ever. What I would advise the restaurant do is allow orders of tacos to be served in multiples of three if they'd like, or preferably to allow mix and match tacos that can be ordered alone or in any quantity you so desire. Lastly, this restaurant does a poor job of describing what their traditional Mexican fare actually is, leaving diners who are not used to traditional Mexican aimless and virtually confined to the tex-mex style.
Overall: This restaurant is decidedly elevated Mexican fare, however, it is not a great value, and the menu is very difficult to navigate.Meh, that's all I can really say to describe this place. The food was pretty mediocre. We ordered the queso which was pretty flavorless despite the appetizing description, chips and salsa - both disappointing, the salsa had chunks of jalapeño which was not fun, I had the fish taco - bleh and tofu chorizo which I couldn't eat more than a bite of because just wasn't good. My friend had the mushroom quesadilla which she didn't finish. We also had a few margaritas and they just weren't good. I might give it another chance, but probably not by choice.Distrito gets five stars for the butternut squash soup.  I know in my heart that I will never find butternut squash soup as tasty as the one I had here.  I won't even try looking anywhere else.  I know butternut squash soup isn't the most exciting item to dish about, but such enthusiasm over butternut squash soup should tell you something.  
Butternut squash soup.Delicious food, not one thing was disappointing as far as flavors and service. My huge group (15 people) decided to go with chef's choice.  $45 a person. Next time, I'll order from the menu. Not enough food for the amount of money. Everything was a small sampling, even the rice and beans only was enough for a tablespoon per person. Awesome food, not enough of a good thing. 3 stars because for $45 I expect to leave ridiculously full.Made my second visit to Distrito last night. Wasn't very impressed with service my first time in December. However after the manager Lesley invited me back, my friends and I decided to give it another try. It was well worth the second shot!! The Valentine's weekend specials were great. My friends and I enjoyed fresh chips and guacamole and salsa. Very delicious. One friend enjoyed a few beers and said they were good. My other friend and I enjoyed the margaritas. The margaritas are amazing! I enjoyed their Valentine's special the Chocolate Strawberry Margarita. Very delicious and strong (the way margaritas should be!) Our server was very attentive and the atmosphere was lively. Looking forward to visiting again.I must say i had a great experience at distrito.  I had the chefs menu (with nothing deep fried). I had some really good tar tares, a flatbread, tacos, octopus, so much food and it was all amazing.