Excellent food and a nice cozy atmosphere. 
Buy the extra pots though. Helping is big.Paid $14 for one of the best dishes I could get. Fresh hummus with freshly baked pita and meat. Top it with some other veggies and you'll have an amazing and healthy meal.Delicious! It looks and tastes like Tel Aviv! I loved the food and decor. Generous portion and reasonably priced!Love, love, love the hummus here! Always combined with healthy toppings and served with amazing pita. Minus 2 stars for the eat-in seating. Always freezing cold inside, dark and dank. Borders on unpleasant.Go here! For around $10, you will get a delicious hummus plate complete with Israeli salad (and of course, pickles!) 
I believe their hummus flavors rotate, but on the day I went, they had around 3-4 to choose from. I settled on beet/sunflower and was pleasantly surprised by the smooth taste. 
I'll definitely return, especially since they have some outdoor seating so I can work on those tan lines!Wow, this place was great. Came here with a friend and was intrigued by the funky interior, only to be further pleased by the excellent food! I had the lentil hummus and my friend had the beef one. Both were super flavorful, creamy, and light. The pita was soft and super warm. Perfect! Limonadas were great too. Definitely will go back :)Fantastic and creative combination of hummus spread around a bowl, with a center of oil and the "entree" part of the dish. All of this is also accompanied with a hot foil of fresh, pillowy pita bread. I had a beef brisket and potatoes, and everything was perfect. The hummus was extremely creamy, and the brisket was tender and flavorful, combined well with the brothy potatoes. The pita bread was also the best I've had so far. 
I didn't imagine I could make a meal out of a hummus dish, but by the end I was pretty full. The side pickles and salad were great as well, and definitely take advantage of the additional jars of toppings at each table to explore more ingredient/flavors to the dish.My sister-in-law invited me to lunch here. My goodness was it delicious. I tried the carrot hummus and beef hummus. Also you MUST get the boozy lemonana. It's heavenly. Quality food! The space is small but most of the time people seem to find a spot.Shut the front door. This place exists?! I'm stunned I didn't know sooner. I wish I knew before lunch! Now, I'll have to wait...I'm giving Dizengoff five stars before I go, because I've had Zahav's hummus and it's amazing!!!!! My day = made .Well worth the try if you're in the area. Simple classics done well.When a place serves up nothing but hummus, and you are expected to eat hummus as a meal and not an appetizer, then you owe it to yourself to check it out!  
And I was not disappointed!! This place surprised me. I didn't know hummus can taste this good. 
This is probably the best hummus I ever had. It's flavorful, soooo smooth and creamy. Just give me a spoon and I can eat it like a soup! 
I got the eggplant hummus and find the eggplant to be too salty for my taste. But the hummus is the real star here.Not much to say other than this hummus is SOOOO GOOD. It is my favorite hummus (super smooth and creamy), favorite pita (hot and fluffy), favorite everything. You can't go wrong with any of their menu choices for the day. Just go!I was finally able to eat hummus here, after several months. All my 4+ previous tries were unsuccessful due to hummus running out earlier in the day. 
Nevertheless, the hummus with tahina lived up to the hype. It was warm and creamy (that's what she said... ), delicious. The pita bread was soft and supple. Limonana on the side was very sour but nice. 
Try going here before 2-3pm to minimize risk of returning empty handed.I was very disappointed when I went to get hummus on Monday.  What happened to the portions?  I can get more when I buy a tub from Trader Joes for $2.99.  Really.  $11.00 for half a cup of hummus?  I have really enjoyed my meals from Dizengoff and I was a solid fan and recommended the restaurant to numerous people, but when I got my meal on Monday, I was highly irritated that I had spent the money.  I don't think I'll be back.  When I told a person at work about my experience they no longer were interested in spending their money and they hadn't even tried your hummus.  You could have gained a new excited customer and I would have come back.Very cool place and concept. You can just detect the level of hip upon entry to this place. No worries. The humus lives up to the place it is served. I never thought that I could eat a whole plate for dinner but Dizengoff is amazing. If I lived in Philly I would be a frequent customer.Who knew a place that sells hummus only could be good?  Same owner as Zahav which is one of my favorite restaurants so had to stop by and try this place.  The only thing on the menu is hummus and toppings that you add and I added the beef which comes with a pita bread and side of beet salad.  The hummus was really creamy and tasty.  I would recommend another side of pita bread if you are sharing and it is a pretty filling meal.Dizengoff is a delicious modern twist to hummus. It was hands down the most delicious hummus I have ever tasted. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed the chicken salad hummus. It is definitely the perfect stop for a quick, affordable lunch.We visited Dizengoff off of a recommendation and it didn't disappoint! We were a little worried that a hummus dish would leave us hungry but it definitely did not. I chose the onion hummus while my fiance had the chicken. I was torn between two and the waitress helped explain the dishes well. Come to find out, she even brought over a sample of the corn topping used in the other hummus I was thinking of trying. The side salad that accompanies is also very tasty and refreshing. The pita is warm and filling. I thought we would need an extra pita each but I believe one would be enough, or one extra to share between two people would suffice. The service here was amazing and our waitress Christina made this a great experience for us!!The best hummus I've ever had. Limited menu at the Whole Foods location but everything is great. The pita. The frozen lemonade. But especially the hummus.Food was absolutely incredible, service was fast, and the location is tucked away so you're off the beaten path of downtown Philly!AMAZING! Like everyone else says, spend the extra $1 and order an extra pita to make two meals for yourself (or split one order with a friend). I got the beef w/ hummus and pita. Fan-freakin-tastic. I'll be back :)Really really good hummus. It's smooth and not grainy at all. Myself and two other girls split 3 different kinds of their hummus- brisket & tahini were SO good. We also got to sit outside which was nice.I miss living 2 blocks from Dizengoff. This place ruined hummus for me such that all other places disappoint me with their hummus. When I raved about this place to friends and family, they didn't understand how I could be so passionate about it. After I convinced my mom to try it, she finally understood. After I made my boyfriend try it, he doesn't automatically resist when I suggest going there for a meal. Now that I live in Baltimore, I miss it so much. I tell everyone who goes to visit Philly to make a stop here. 
One order is definitely enough to share between two people if you order an extra pita. Sometimes I would get takeout and gluttonously eat the whole thing in one sitting, so maybe it is a good thing I don't live as close. The plain tahini is flavorful on its own but they have different toppings each day. I've tried the beef and the mushroom toppings in the past, and both have been delightful.Never disappointing. The new option to add an egg is great. Make sure to try some of the house made harissa.On my last day in Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I stopped by here for a quick brunch. This place is one of a kind and very good. I have never eaten anything like this before, but wow, I now wish I could find a place like this locally.
This isn't regular hummus you get at Trader Joe's or Costco (even though I do like those places' hummus, lol). The hummus they serve at Dizengoff is creamier and a lot smoother and you scoop it up with this delicious flat bread. It tastes super good with beef, cauliflower, or egg. I got one with beef while my boyfriend got the regular tahini with egg on the side. We were both really surprised and loved what we ate. 
The girls who worked here are super nice and very helpful. The place is clean, plus they have water pitchers so you don't have to ask for water refills.
Overall, I highly recommend this place!!!Not terribly impressed. 
$11 will get you 1 pita, plate of hummus, a pickle, and a small cucumber salad ( size that you would get at a Korean place, aka Banchan if you're familiar with that term). It is absolutely enough food to get you full, and an extra $1 will get you another piece of pita for dipping necessities. 
I enjoyed the pickle, it's very similar to a Taiwanese pickled cucumber, so that hit home. Both the cucumber salad and the turkey hummus I tried today were way too heavy on the salt. I don't know if it's always like that, but it was very very heavy on the salt which completely overpowered any other flavor. The hummus was a great consistency, nice and creamy and perfectly textured but the salt really overwhelmed everything else and made it unenjoyable. Based on this experience, I don't believe I will return, although I enjoyed most of the owner's other restaurants.Excellent hummus, phenomenal pita and even a good IPA.   Subtracted a star because the salads were just OK.We had lunch here last week.  I had a chicken hummus that was awesome.   We orders extra bread which was not necessary.  You can just keep what they give you and be fine.Stopped in for the soft opening over the weekend, and Dizengoff was already packed.
Communal style seating for about 20, which means that you're going to have to be content with take-out for lunch, because this place is going to be crowded.
We ordered one of everything on the menu, and, in what I think was a good sign, every person had a different favorite. Mine was the hummus with the roasted corn, which I'm guessing will be a seasonal special.
At $9-10 for a bowl of hummus, salatim, a fresh pita and some pickled veggies, it's not a bargain, but any combination of Solomonov and hummus is going to taste great.Really tasty hummus- a great spot for lunch. I love trying the different combinations, but the chicken salad hummus was my favorite. My only complain? They opened up a falafel place across the street. I don't understand why those have to be 2 restaurants. I mean, probably because this started in NYC and it's some kind of unspoken rule that everything in NYC has to be a big pain in the a$$? It would be awesome if I could just order some falafel with my hummus. All that said, would love it if they put a Dizengoff here in Chicago. It would do gangbusters out here.Loved the fresh hummus and the fluffy and light pita bread. The accompaniments were perfect as well. Great option for a quick bite.I stopped by here after work after looking for a place for dinner that was not too filling. I was also craving hummus for some time.
I was a bit surprised by the decor of the place. I thought it would be much brighter.
When looking at some pictures on Yelp before I arrived, I knew that I wanted to try the matbucha. Sadly, it was not on the menu.
I ordered the green tomato hummus and picked a table outside. The waiter brought out the hummus with the side of pickles, onions and salad out very quickly. The pita it came out with was nice and toasty.
The oil or dressing of the green tomato on the hummus made the hummus very watery and had to scoop after about a quarter of the way through. If you don't mind just eating it with the spoon it is still good. I did not feel the hummus was any special but I enjoyed the toasty pita and nicely dressed salads along with it.
I do not advice eating outside. There were tiny things hovering around the hummus as soon as it came out. At first there was only two but more and more kept coming out of nowhere.
As I was eating, a lady walked by, looked at the door and said "noooo" quit loudly. They had run out of hummus for the day. After this lady, couple more people came by and had the same reaction.
This place is good for a quick snack or light meal. I would come back next time I am craving hummus although I think it was a bit on the pricier side.Best hummus we have ever had. Got the eggplant dish, and added some of the harissa on the table. Amazing! Casual seating and a great vibe for such big flavor. Very friendly staff.Best hummus that I've had in Philadelphia. 
I will be getting more.
Hummus is silky smooth and everything comes together.The food is fantastic here. The hummus is perfect. The side salads are fresh and crisp. They have great drink options too. So why the subpar review?
I've had issues with the takeaway service. I've been handed bags without the pickles, without the drink I ordered, and today, horribly, without the pita. What gives?! Now I'm too far away to hike back and get my damn pita. I know I should have checked it before I left but really, that isn't my job especially since I was being shooed away so they could get another order together. There needs to be some quality control at the pass. It's clear if something is missing from a tray but the problems are harder to see from the takeaway probably because everything is packaged separately. I'm pissed I didn't get my pita. Pissed!I ask my boyfriend to pick up Dizengoff almost twice a week and sometimes more. 
It has been, hands down, the best and most consistent hummus I've ever had. Combine it with the pickled beets- hummus and pita, it's a bite from hummus heaven!
Get it with extra pita and cucumber slices.Another Solomonov hit.  It took me a few weeks to make it here because of the limited hours, but I was pleasantly surprised when I did.  I had the egg hummus.  Not entirely sure what was in it, an egg obviously, and then maybe kale, and something crunchy that reminded me of potato chips.  It was an interesting, but tasty combination.  I mixed in some of the cucumber salad and went to town with my pita.  I had considered ordering an extra pita, but I'm glad I didn't.  I had a little hummus left over, but I think a second pita would have been too much.  The line does get long at peak lunch times, but it moves pretty quick.  I'm looking forward to trying some of the other options.Found this gem orignally from a coworker and went back a couple of times already. They literally have the BEST hummus in the city! The menu will change slightly each time I visit but I love trying all different kinds of hummus there. My favorite one is eggplant hummus. They are so generous with the portion too - I always leave with a full stomach! Since this place is so popular, it is always packed during lunch time! But you can do take out so not a biggie. I will recommend this restaurant to any hummus lovers!!! Please check it out ;)I've tried this location and the one in Whole Foods. This last time (from the Whole Foods) is why I've finally decided to complain. 
I thought it was a fluke with our first order, but both times now the food was extra special salty!!!!! From the Whole Foods location we ordered the whole (small) chicken with salad (maybe 2 cups), hummus (2 cups), and pita (6 of them). The chicken was extremely salty and the sad excuse of a salad was even worse. 
Not only was the salad salty, but it was also ridiculously small. It comes in the same size container as their hummus and it's pineapple, cucumber, spices, and some other various things. I'm not sure how that is supposed to feed an entire family???  There's barely 2 cups worth of salad in the container. What!?!?! That's not a salad for a family, that's barely a snack for an individual!
The only good things about this meal - the hummus was ok...salty again, but more edible than the salad or chicken. You get 6 pitas...although, they aren't outstanding pitas and not really worth eating.  
For $36 plus tax, this wasn't worth the price. Throw on top of it that it was barely edible because of the salt content, and I'd say it was pretty much worthless! Dizengoff, you should cut back on your salt for all of your dishes. Then maybe we could actually taste your food. 
We are extremely disappointed and will never eat there again.This place is as good as you are going to get without being in the Middle East itself. Dizengoff has creamy and flavorful hummus with topping choices true to the food's origin. The hummus also comes with traditional Israeli salads and pickles. The pita is also delicious, I would recommend getting two pitas for one bowl of hummus as they are large portions. Every single thing I've gotten there is amazing and they serve drinks too, very unusual for a small joint in philly.The hummus was great - a little pricey ($13 for chicken). This is the second time I've tried eating hummus just for dinner, and I don't think it's for me. You definitely need the extra pita to eat up all of the yummy hummus. Only $1 extra.Yes yes yes
Staff was super friendly. Came and sat down with a friend for dinner around 5:45 on a Tuesday.
We shared a lamb pistachio hummus. Was a little salty but very tasty. Pita was also fluffy and deliciousThe perfect weekend lunch! I came here on an unseasonable warm day and my friend and I sipped some IPAs, ate delicious fluffy pita with amazing hummus and had a great time. The location is awesome and I love that the flavors change over everyday. If you're with someone definitely try the original tahina hummus and one of the specialty flavors. Get extra pita, you probably won't need it but you can pop it in the freezer for future emergencies. It's unbelievably good. When we went they had romenesco cauliflower hummus and I haven't stopped thinking about it...
I want to come back and try the shoushouka!Crazy good pita and hummus. Go with a group and eat all the flavors. The peas and carrots hummus dishes were surprise standouts on this visit. Also, they have good beer.This isn't the place to go for a cheap lunch but boy is it the best hummus I've ever had. The brisket was tender, the salad was fantastic, and the pita was warm and fluffy. I also got one of the frozen limonana lemon-mint drinks and it was as intense as I was hoping. Seriously quality all around and the portions are plenty big, though I think I'm going to start ordering a second pita just because they're so tasty!Visiting from San Francisco and I have tasted hummus platters, falafel and pita bread from different establishments back home, but Philly's Dizengoff has the best hummus I've ever tasted. I am also a skeptic that I would ever taste good falafel and I have been disappointed many times--over cooked, too dry, size too large, tasteless. Dizengoff's falafel was absolutely fabulous--the right size, so tasty, cooked just right--not overdone and dry. The pita bread was fresh, soft and the pickled side dishes were a perfect compliment. Love the frozen mint lemonade too! All a tasty combination--left me satisfied and happy. I would definitely visit Dizengoff again whenever I come back to Philly.Arrived with my husband on Saturday around 4PM it was quite busy. We ordered onion hummus & Tehina. Onion almond was very tasty, delicate taste. Pickles was awesome. Their pita bread was something awesome, fresh loved it. Fair prize. Frozen lemonade was also good.A friend recommended this place and I saw that it had great Yelp reviews so we tried it. I was a little confused about how their menu worked when I first walked in, but we figured it out. Had the mushroom hummus and the farro one, and both were really delicious! Their pita is so fresh and I love the side cucumber salad. I wasn't sure if it was going to be enough for a meal but I was really full and couldn't even finish it all. How do they make their hummus so creamy? Love that they constantly switch out their flavors. Will definitely be back to try more!Amazing pitas and hummus. All the best things about Zahav without the multi month wait. Add in a helping of style and some interesting other options on the menu. Great spot. Fact that Abe Fisher is next door is a +. Can always people watch the crowd at Federal Donuts.What a great restaurant! There are only a few tables so it can be crowed but food taste was absolutely great. highly recommended.Dizengoff serves hummus and only hummus as the main dish in this euro-grunge/uber-hipster hidden lunch spot. The concept is simple enough - hummus stars as the only main dish option. Who doesn't love eating hummus from the bowl?
The menu is small (about four different hummus dishes, served with bread, pickles vegetables and cucumber salad on the side), but big in flavor. I'm not joking when I say it was the best pita I've ever had -- floury, warm, and perfect for dipping. 
While I'm admittedly hummus-obsessed, this was easily my favorite spot on a recent trek through Philly. With cool indie music in the background, colorful poster collages on the walls, and quickly made food, it's the perfect lunch spot on a walk around town.So you're thinking, "It's hummus.  How good could it be?"
Sit down and let me tell you.  This is the caviar of hummus. (Even if you don't like caviar or hummus - this is on a higher plain.)  I had the basic hummus plate to get to the heart of the matter as a first timer at Dizengoff, but a seasoned hummus dinner.  It was a WOW, that is the creamiest hummus in the world!!  And I can say that since I have eaten hummus in several countries around the world.  But wait!  The pita, should be referred to as food of the angels.  It was the lightest, fluffiest and tenderest pita I could have dreamed of, but even better.  I immediately thought that one would not be enough, although I actually was stuffed before I got close to finishing my meal.  I did find the hummus to be a bit salty and I like a lot of salt.  My friend said that with the vegetable added, it balanced out the saltiness for her.  All the same, I will forever be disappointed with any other hummus from now on since I don't live near a Dizendorf:(  Hey, got any plans to open one in Atlanta?  Call me:)Crispy chicjen skin sprinkled with dill and is that tamarind chutney under? Whatever it was... it was magic. They don't serve hummus like this in California, and I am extremely sad about that :(Considering I go here for lunch once a week, I would say I love Dizengoff. I wouldn't even call myself a big hummus fan but the hummus here is fantastic. I was skeptical at first for "only" having hummus as a meal but believe me, this is filling (and you can get an extra pita for $1). 
I also love how they have different types of hummus and it changes up every day (my favorites so far are the chicken and fried chick pea hummus). Now that I am typing this, I want Dizengoff for lunch today.
4 stars because it can be hard to get a seat. Otherwise, amazing.My go-to quick spot in Philadelphia. The hummus with lamb and all that comes with it is probably my favorite dish in the city.
Please bring back the steak and other meats I see from your early Instagram posts! And roasted mushrooms.
Best hummus I've had. Up there with anything I tried in Israel. Also loved the roasted chicken with horseradish tehina and pickled red cabbage. One of the absolute best ones I've ever had.Go. Go, go, go, go! Like right now, or tomorrow or just really as soon as you can. ESPECIALLY if you can go on a day when the brisket hummus is on the daily menu! The cucumber salad, pickles and pita that come with the hummus is BOMB.I had no idea pita and hummus could be a satisfying meal, but thanks to Dizengoff I have been enlightened!
I tried the beef stew and found it to be one of the best I've had at a restaurant. No stringy, chewy chunks of beef here. Just moist, fork-tender beef that went perfectly with the hummus both in texture and flavor. The thick, creamy hummus was made even better by the soft, puffy homemade pita. And don't forget the house made pickles and salad! The tart cucumber salad was a refreshing accompaniment in-between bites of beef stew hummus. 
My only complaints are that I would have liked the pita to be larger, and the beef stew could have benefited from more salt. All in all, these are minor complaints and I undoubtedly enjoyed my meal. If you're in the area and like Mediterranean flavors, give Dizengoff a try!It would be an understatement to say this place has a few kinks to work out. Yeah, I get it. The new kid on the block is all the rage, so everyone is flocking there (including me) for lunch. Everyone is waiting in line at least 15 minutes to order. Everyone is then waiting an additional 10 minutes for their food to come out. But did everyone else finally leave with food in hand, only to realize 5 minutes later they didn't get any pita? Did I do something wrong? Did I forget to say "Hey, I want some pita with that hummus, yo"? No, I surely didn't forget to say it, and given that all orders are supposed to come with pita (Hummus For Dummies), I was disappointed to realize that mine was forgotten. Back at the restaurant (now 30 minutes into my lunch break and still hangry), the woman who was assembling the to-go bags gave me an odd look as if I had just demanded her first born. No lady, I just want my pita. Two actually, since I paid for two orders of hummus. And the hummus itself? Not that good. I mean, it was OK. But for $9-$10 per serving, it should be better than OK. Nothing about this place is memorable for me, except for the long line I waited in for mediocre hummus and no pita.Update - came here with my friend after flywheel and we split the spicy cabbage hummus. So amazing. This place is the best EVER. Staff is so friendly too!Amazing food from the folks at Zahav. I've gotten the tehina hummus and pita twice and have not been disappointed. The pita is fluffy and chewy, surprisingly filling with the creamy hummus. The side of pickled veggies was a pleasant addition (included) and balances out the platter nicely. Food comes quick too and haven't had to wait long in line so perfect for on-the-go lunch.I was blown away by the food here and I didn't even eat in! My brother brought home take out which included the eggplant hummus and the brisket hummus, pita and saltim. While I don't eat red meat, I devoured the eggplant hummus and literally could not stop stuffing my face with the deliciousness that sat in that bowl. The hummus was so earthy and smoky and had  such great flavor. The pita were amazing; even cold, they were incredible!!!!!!
I simply cannot wait to try the food from here fresh. What an amazing place!!! Majestic, Zahav and chef Michael Solomon!!!!! A true gem!!!Super tasty, incredibly quick, and utterly unique to lunch spots in Center City.Tried Dizengoff a couple weeks ago for the first time.  The hummus is amazing!  I wish they would offer grilled chicken or some sort of swarma with it, but if you are in the mood for hummus, this is the place to go.  Definitely ask for an extra peice of pita as one is not enough.Hummas to go? Healthy and filling. Love that the menu is constantly changing. 
If you have a chance to try the cauliflower you must! If not ask the chef for whatever is the current best. Always get extra pita won't regret it.Yes, yes, yes this hummus is DELICIOUS. Big fan of hummus so I come here often. Really doesn't get any better than a platter of hummus and warm pita. Don't go for dinner, they are usually out of the good stuff (or all stuff).Yum!! Finally got the chance to check this place out when I was out shopping with a friend mid-afternoon. We were hungry and wanted to split something.. this was the perfect choice! We opted for the regular tahini hummus with extra pita, but I was seriously eyeing the other menu options and will definitely be back to try the more unusual hummus concoctions. The place is small and cozy, but we were able to snag a spot at a table. 
The hummus is perfection- so creamy, flavorful, and a good size too. The pita bread is delishhh, warm and fluffy. For 1 dollar, it's definitely worth getting your own! The hummus comes with a cucumber salad and some pickled veggies to munch on on the side. For 10 bucks, it seems a bit pricey for hummus, but we were full and happy when we left so that's all that matters. Can't wait to come back soon!The pita is good. Music and decor are fun too, although suspiciously reminiscent of a famous Israeli restaurant called "Mahneyuda".  
The "salad" was stale, lazily cut cucumbers and tomatoes. The onions were weirdly pickled.  
If you like hummus with your cumin, than this is the place for you. My experience is that when one adds tons of cumin to hummus, its usually to cover up bad choices in tahini and/or the hummus beans. 
Anyway, won't see me back here. 
Two stars for the pita and atmosphere. One star for the rest of the food.Simply good. In every sense. The menu and dishes are simple and delicious. Love the fact that you're watching the pita bake right there. I can't wait to come back!Amazing food, feels like I'm in Israel! Pita was fluffy, warm, and endless. The hummus was perfect with a sprinkle of z'atar and some oil. Not to mention the pickles were delicious as well as the fresh, cucumber salad. Definitely a future go to, this will always be my first stop whenever I'm in Rittenhouse. YUM!!Ahhhh! HOW does Solomonov get his hummus SO DARN CREAMY and DELICIOUS?!?!?! And did he master the art of pickling? I foresee a forthcoming hummus party as the result of experimenting to create Zahav/Dizengoff-style hummus and I could eat the pickled veggies alllll day.
Can't speak to the establishment itself, as today I dined on take-out acquired by another, other than to say that I was sadly disappointed last time I made an attempt to dine-in ('cause they were sold out...sold out sadness!!).
In any case, all four hummuses on the menu today were fabulous. I think the lamb and the hominy were my favorite. The lamb itself was well-cooked and so flavorful: it paired perfectly with the hummus. Loved the blue corn in the hominy hummus: fun texture addition! The beet hummus was solid, too: beets were cooked to the perfect tenderness (not too hard, not too soft), and had a nice, not-too-sweet flavor. And of course no one can go wrong with the traditional hummus, particularly on Dizengoff's fluffy pita bread: more like naan than pita you'd pick up in the supermarket.
Will definitely return, though for elevensies, 'cause apparently by 11:26AM the line was out-the-door!I loved this place and it would give this place 5 stars one year ago. I fell in love with this place as soon as I had my first bite of the pita. 
However, I has been very disappointed given its recent changes. I took out one of the stars because they significantly reduced the portion size in both the hummus and the pita. The other star is because of the inconsistency of its pita quality (used to be consistently good, but now it's either burned or undercooked). Hopefully the owner can pay attention to these issues and bring back old customers.It's a small but really hip place with the BEST humus in the city. I got the humus with kidney beans and thought it was miles better than Zahav's. The pita was tearing off effortlessly and cucumbers were a pleasure to eat. 
Well seasoned sides, creamy hummus from the heavens and muslin-like pita - Dizengoff is officially my new favorite Israeli food joint. 
Tip: if you go close to 4 pm on Saturdays (when they close the kitchen) and ask for an extra pita half way through your meal they might just give it to you for free! ! They usually have excess that they can't use for dinner.This is definitely one of the best lunch spots in center city. You get an amazing, fresh baked pita, served up with a generous serving of creamy hummus, and a side of pickles/Israeli salad. The hummus offering rotate regularly and there is a huge variety of meaty and vegetarian options. I'm always surprised how full I am after a meal of just hummus, but it really is a feast. As a warning though, it tends to be crowded during prime lunch hours and seating inside is very limited. Plan accordingly or do takeout. In my experience, the food is not diminished by taking it back to the office or to a nearby park. Definitely check this out.Great Israeli cuisine.   Not a lot of seating but the bread and meats on really good hummus are fantasticI'm totally in love with this place! The hummus is so creamy! I've tried the pickle hummus, pepper walnut, and cabbage & pinenuts hummus. They never fail to disappoint. Definitely check this place out!!Loved it. Kicking outsells for not coming here earlier. 
Wanted to have the lamb hummus but it was not on the menu. Had the chicken hummus and the it was very good. The pittas are fresh and really good. Neighbour had the cucumber hummus. It too was out of the world.I came to know Dizengoff in an unorthodox manner; recently, my wife and I were at the coffee/donut shop across the street from their Center City Philly store on Sansom St when I had an unexpected restroom "emergency".
Donut shop sent me to see Max at Dizengoff who kindly permitted me to use his restroom. Aside from Dizengoff's gracious mannerisms, their shop has the best tasting Hummus around as well as their Pita breads all of which can be paired with a soft drink, water, or beer. 
So, when near the Sansom St (near 12th) store, stop into Dizengoff's to enjoy their freshly made Hummus and Pita bread. A variety of their Hummus dishes can also be prepared to GO. Dizengoff's super friendly shop keepers are always eager to assist with your orders and strive to please. Thank you Max!Sure, it's a little pricy for hummus, but it was delicious....  enjoyed the cucumber version.  Unfortunately I went on a whim with some folks at work and did not realize I should have ordered the extra pita!  So lesson learned - always check the reviews on YELP.......  If you want a place to sit, get there early.There should always be THIS hummus among us !
Cream-a-licious hardly does it justice.   
An utterly gratifying lunch.   Shared plates with a friend - the kale and the sweet potato were equally wonderful.  Be sure to use the wet spicy stuff in the jar on the table and the oregano/dried herbs combo ... both kick up the flavor fest in your mouth several notches!
Go here at an off-time (we did an 11a Saturday lunch) as it will get crowded quickly and it's a small place.  
Every server/staff member is kind and the service is extremely fast. 
Can't say enough good things.  Will be back for take-out given that they are within walking distance from work.I have attempted to eat at Dizengoff twice, both times very close to when they close at 4pm, (if they haven't run out of hummus yet!) The second time, on Black Friday, turned out to be a success. So, I did not have to deal with any lunch rush, line, or wait, which was awesome. I love the feel of the place and the rotating menu - my boyfriend and I split two different vegetarian hummus kinds, one with Tabuleh salad and one with Tahini. 
The hummus and pita came quickly to our table, with a few pickled items and a bit of salad. If you have ever had the hummus at Zahav, you are aware of the ridiculously creamy and delicious texture that is possible with this hummus. If you have not, be prepared to be amazed. It is seriously some of the best hummus I have ever had. I found the amount of food to be perfect and didn't feel like a second pillowy pita was necessary, although I am sure that I could have managed to eat one! 
We felt a tiny bit rushed just because they were closing up and we were the last customers in the place, but that wasn't a problem. Honestly, my only problem is the price. I know it's right in center city and has a chef's name attached, but chickpeas don't cost $9-11. If this place was a couple bucks cheaper, I would probably come all the time. However, I'm still looking for an excuse to go back ASAP.Such a fan of the concept of this restaurant! The decor is awesome and interesting (a literal garage with "art" that has no relation to the restaurant or restaurant concept).
A friend and I serendipitously stumbled upon this garage and were instantly drawn to the vibe. We had heard about it through press and were anticipating the opening, so it was awesome to finally try.
We ordered the Cauliflower + Pine Nuts hummus. The order came with a piece of pita bread and a small side salad (cucumbers, etc.) It was definitely pricey-- around $10 for the final order-- but the quantity of hummus is fairly generous. The ratio of pita to hummus is off, however.
The hummus was smooth and creamy, and the addition of cauliflower and pine nuts made a huge difference. Although a bit on the oily side, the hummus is definitely high quality.
The pita size was great, but I wish it could have been a little fluffier and warmer.
Would definitely try this place again to taste the other varieties of hummus. Such a cool spot, and a totally new concept-- check it out!There is not enough positive to say about this place. Always a great selection of hummus toppings but even the plain is great. If apprehensive, this is definitely filling enough for a meal (I often have it for two meals). The location at Whole Foods at Callowhill is awesome as well.Interesting concept, good food but not earth shattering. No complaints at all everything was yummy, quick and we got a seat no problem, just nothing life changing.Simple. Straightforward. Delicious. Hummus is smooth and flavorful. Toppings add just the right pop. Wash it down with a craft beer and you're all set. Go often.Best hummus in Philly, same recipe as Zahav. Any places that only does hummus has got to be good. I only wish they had better hours, they're only open for lunch.At the spur of the moment we decided to get some hummus. The concept is simple; hummus with variety of toppings. We had the potato, celery and regular. Each was unique despite having the same base. My favorite was potato. You can get as much pita and side dishes as you like. We were super full after. Good spot for vegetarian or vegan.Like this concept of hummusiya , first time trying hummus with different toppings and it was yummmyyyy. The hot pita bread is soft and fluffy and very filling. The hummus is a creamy delight which will transport you to a good place instantlyThis place is flat out AMAZING. The hummus is perfect. Rich and creamy and seasoned very well. The Pita is cooked fresh and you'll need/want an extra. Definitely add the egg... who would have thought!? I went with the cucumbers over my hummus and the smokiness to them was great! I'll definitely be back and here for lunch May times!My favorite spot in Philly! Never had a bad meal, huge fan of the chicken hummus and the pickled side salad.Best hummus, hands down, and I love the toppings which really make it into a meal of full, complex flavors.  For my birthday we went and got 3, as we couldn't choose just two.  They were happy to give us stuff to take the rest home with us.  I recommend getting there early.  We were able to get a prime seat right by the front, and the garage door like front was open.  This gave it a feeling of sitting al fresco and between that, eating delicious exotic food and an old church across the street, for a minute I thought I was abroad.  And that is a fabulous escape, even if just for 30 minutes.This was by far the best food I had during my week in Philly. The hummus, as others note, is incredible. It's silky, it lacks that weird store-bought acidity and sesame-ness, and it is far more savoury/oily. It's not overly spiced/seasoned and compliments it's toppings very well. 
I got the hummus with a pita and ground lamb. The pita was outstanding. Still hot, fresh, and with an excellent, almost buttery crumb. The lamb was outstanding. It was beautifully savory and nicely seasoned. This kitchen clearly really takes pride in producing quality food. Unabashedly 5 stars. This is a unique meal that renders the choice to attend the countless "american food" joints nearby utterly unintelligible. Go to Dizengoff immediately.Until you've eaten at Dizengoff or Zahav, I feel bad for your 'hummus eating' experiences. The hummus is amongst the smoothest & creamiest you can find; and not just around Philly. The pita warm, fresh pita along with the salad & pickles accompany whichever hummus & protein combination you decide to choose. 
Recommendations: the staff is very friendly & knowledgable so if you are unsure about something, don't be afraid to ask. And If you decide to go with others order different dishes so you can try as many as possible! The lamb hummus and beet & walnut hummus were my personal favorites.I love the concept of this place. Just hummus and pita!  The hummus comes in a big bowl, with one of four toppings you can order, plus some little side salads and a fluffy pita.
I tried the lamb hummus, which is their most popular, and it was amazing!  I also loved the little pickles and salads.  Try the condiments on the table, one is a fragrant spice mix and the other is a spicy pepper jam. These were great added into the hummus. I washed it all down with a frozen lemon/mint drink which was unusually refreshing and tart.  
The line was out the door, but since I was a single, I snagged an empty spot at one of the communal tables. Unless you are planning to get yours "to go" I would suggest showing up at an off time, either early or late. There isn't much seating here.
Overall, loved this place!!what a pleasant surprise.  My friend and i were walking pass here after yoga and decided to pick up some hummus to go.  I got the one with tahina which comes with a pita bread and small salad.  It was a little bit on the saltier side but still delicious.  Next time, I'll try one with a topping. My friend raved about the one with eggDizengoff serves the best hummus!! Had it for lunch topped with beets, pickled salad and fresh baked pita on the side. The menu is limited, a bit pricey, but worth it.Based on its connection to Zahav, we stopped in for a quick and casual lunch while in Philly.  Had the eggplant and pepper hummus. Great fresh pita.  Good cucumber tomato salad on the side.Stopped by yesterday for the grand opening and I was blown away by the interior design of Deizengoff. It's a small space similar to what you would see for a restaurant in Israel so I'm happy to see Solmonov is staying authentic!
I waited in line and got the Hummus Tahina to go which comes with delicious grilled vegetables and a pita the size of your face. I'm going to assume the hummus platter with lamb was delicious because it was sold out by 12:15! I cannot wait to come here more often during the work week. Great job Dizengoff!I went to Dizengoff after hearing so much about it from my two friends from Penn. We went on a Sunday afternoon, and it was a bit crowded but we were able to find seating pretty quickly. I was really excited because I love hummus and have never went to a shop specifically focused on that. The shop felt dimly lit even though it was bright outside and had many interesting posters on the walls.
The menu was very focused on hummus with about 6 options and the options for extra pita and egg. We ended up getting the beet and the beef hummus to share. Each hummus platter comes with some pickled beets salad, a pickle, and freshly baked pita bread that you can watch being made in their oven. The beets with the beet hummus were a bright yellow and dressed with olive oil. They were pretty soft and sweet and a nice contrast to have with the hummus. The hummus itself was creamy and not too thick like the usual store bought hummus which I liked. The pita bread was awesome and super fluffy. I definitely wish I got an extra pita bread. I had a little bit of the ground beef hummus which I wasn't too much of a fan cause it was a bit dry and didn't really appeal to me.
Overall, I would definitely love to go back to Dizengoff and try their other hummus variations the next time I am in Philly!Great hummus, hand made fresh pita, braised chicken, veggies. Two can share an order of hummus with veggies and get an extra hot pita for a dollar. Pay a little more for an additional veggie side. Don't miss the lemonnana, a frozen lemonade with fresh mint leaves minced into the drink. You'll pucker 'til ya punch ya mama. Small place with huge sturdy picnic tables inside, three umbrella tables on the street.I have been here once so far, but I plan on returning whenever I get the chance. If you're familiar with the bliss that is Zahav's hummus, you'll know just how fantastic of a concept this restaurant is. They serve three things; hummus, beer, and lemonade (i think). The hummus is very, very similar to Zahav (if not the same, the tehina is but I'm not so sure if the other options are shared on the menus). $9-$10 for the hummus, a cozy warm pita, and the usual spread of little israeli fixings (the name of which, I forget). big bonus, they have bottles of brawler for frickin $4; that's awesome. 
the space is small w/ communal picnic tables. the decor matches the minimalist menu offerings. it's such a damn good idea from Solomonov. his group basically took their concept for federal donuts and replaced the menu with hummus and beer. it's guaranteed to work.
my only issue; i have no idea how to pronounce the name properly. so for the time being, it will be known as the hummus place is my circle.This place is going to be a regular stop on my culinary adventures in Philly. I got very lucky and on my first time in the store, they had the lamb and pistachio available - and I got counter seating. That is a major victory, given its size, If you can be patient, you are in for a delicious treat. Or just grab something to go. The warm pita bread alone is worth the trip, but their hummus is delicious (it better be since everything is based on this feature ingredient) and the toppings fairly extensive, depending on the day. Definitely check this place out if you are in the neighborhood.If you are hoarded up in your center city office cubicle, and the highlight of your day is seeking out a new place for lunch, score!  I was headed out on my quest for a new and exciting place for lunch break, and had to try the "new hummus spot" on 17th & Sansom, because nobody could properly pronounce the real name. Well, Dizenhoff, bravo.  Your hummus was phenomenal.  I had the hummus with corn combo.  The hummus was so smooth, with the perfect amount of olive oil poured on top. Great presentation , even in my to-go container!  All the hummus dishes come with a huge, warm, fluffy, easy to rip open pita, which was one of the best pitas I've ever tasted.  The side of cauliflower/pickle/onion/beet mix was also good, but I wouldn't order it alone.  For the steep $10 you pay for a hummus plate, it was nice to get a little more than just hummus.  
There's really no front door, the entire "garage" style wall opens up and you just walk right in to order at the register.  If you're looking to sit down, look elsewhere, there's only 2-3 small picnic tables inside.  This place is clearly meant for carry out only!! 
The staff were funny and awesome, even when the long line was out the door and down the sidewalk.  The Israel decor was vibrant and kept your eyes entertained.  
Overall: Amazing hummus.  Long lunch line but moves fast.  No seating.  Great presentation.  Great staff.  Expensive.  Best pita ever.  Amazing hummus, again.  Just Try it!Excellent food and a nice cozy atmosphere. 
Buy the extra pita though. Helping are big.Delicious, fresh food!  They have a few staple hummus toppings, and one or two that change frequently (daily?), so don't go with your heart set on anything in particular.  You get a bowl of hummus (some of the best hummus I have ever had), a hot, fresh-from-the-oven pita, and a salad of cucumbers, tomatoes, and a pickle.  It's usually enough for 2 meals for me, especially if I get a second pita.  One of my favorites is their roasted red pepper hummus, although I have yet to have something I don't like.A few words, pretty fricking awesome. I have been really excited to check this place out ever since word came out that it was opening. The one thing that Zahav is known for is their hummus so I fully expected this place to be on point. We rolled in on a Saturday morning about 5 minutes after 10:30 when they opened. The garage door was up and there were already a few people eating. There is maybe about 20 seats in the place in the form of large picnic tables that seat 6 at a time. We stepped up to order and got the roasted tomato hummus and the chicken hummus both with extra pita. The menu changes almost daily but they do keep a core number of the hummus choices and then switch up the meat options almost daily. An order of hummus also comes with mimi-pickles and a tomato and cucumber salad. The pitas are pre-cooked a little bit then finished off i the oven when you order. The staff gives you a number while you wait and everything is delivered to you on a tray. 
I went in expecting that it was going to be good but what I didn't expect was the sheer size of the portions that they give you. I was thinking that this would be something a little larger than an appetizer but that by the end I would easily finish it and then still be a little hungry. Not the case, the portion size really makes this a full meal. The hummus was super creamy and smooth and was divine. The pita were hot and with just the right amount of fluff and were fantastic on their own. The sdie of onions went well with the hummus and the chunks of chicken were quite tasty. The EVOO they use is legit too, super awesome. 
All in all a fantastic experience here and we will be back, soon. Keep up the good work guys and I can't wait to try Abe Fisher's next store.Oh Dizengoff how I love you so
Warm freshly made pita but that hummus tho
So freakin silky smooth and spiced just right
I could eat you morning noon and night
SERIOUSLY. Go, eat all the hummus, try all the toppings, order extra pitas -trust me on this one. No one honors the chick pea better than this place plus service is fast & friendly. Then order takeout because you will want some more later but for now your belly is full and happy.I was craving real Israeli-style hummus, and this did the trick! I got the hummus with chicken and almonds, which was delicious!
The one thing I wish, was that there was more opportunity for customization. Like in Israel, I would've enjoyed the option to add more pickles to my salad and some hotness to my hummus. 
Overall though, this definitely fulfilled my craving!Best hummus ever! So creamy, so good. Get extra pita because you really need two to sufficiently mop up the bowl. I like it plain or with lamb/beef. Yum!!The humus was good, not great, and certainly not $10 great.  Pita was delicious though, one of the best I've ever had.  Overall not worth the long lines and small amount of humus spread out over a large bowl to make it look like you are getting more than you really are.you'll love this place if you love hummus.
i think this made me realize i don't like hummus THAT much to have an entire bowl of it for lunch. the hummus to pita ratio is off so definitely get that extra pita! 
i got the lamb pistachio hummus, because it was the only one with meat. not too many options for the non vegetarians (i really wanted to try the one with the crispy chicken skin!) the hummus was delicious and the pita was so fresh. i also really enjoyed the little pickled vegetables on the side.
if you're dining in for lunch, get here early! it gets packed super fast and not that much seating.I don't know why so many people give this place such great reviews. I love hummus and this place was very meh. Definitely not worth the $12. If you want to get ok hummus and an attitude at the counter, then this is the place for you. I came here and the stuff was not helpful with recommendations and the food was not great! Maybe a bad day but with so many options around it, I just wouldn't go back.In NY, a place like this typically is a bore, a yawn, and a money grub. Primarily because the novelty of hummus hasn't worn off yet. 
However Philly is light years ahead! The place is glorious, splendiferous, and any other adjective real or made up you feel like interjecting! 
My bf and I had the broccoli and peanut hummus. Served with a plain pita, and a few accoutrements as flavour enhancers. Smart!
The hummus is unlike any other hummus, except Zahav's!  It's rich, poignant, and utterly perfect. 
What really pushed me over the edge was the waitress who brought a pitcher of water over to the table where my boyfriend and I were sitting, mind you they were also closing and five!
With the enchanting hummus, the wonderful service, and great people, how can you not come back? 
Can't wait to sample More, and try the brunch too!!!!!Chicken Hummus and frozen lemonade. Yummy yum.If you love hummus, you must try it here. Absolutely delicious. I got the lamb with pistachios, which comes with two small sides and a fresh baked pita :)This is a review for take-out. 
Eh, it was fine. I added the beef meatballs, but found them somewhat bland. The best part about the hummus was how nice and creamy it was. Beyond that, I didn't find the flavor profile memorable. I was also not a big fan of the giant onion pieces in the side pickles. Pita was thick and warm, but somewhat dense and sat heavy in my stomach afterward. One pita, the meatballs, and half the hummus was more than enough to make a meal for me.
Service was quick, staff were nice, and I enjoyed the decor...but overall, it was not $13 worth of enjoyment!Just adding another 5 star review to the mix! 
But in case this is still news to anyone... Dizengoff offers a delicious shakshuka on Sundays only!! It comes with a foccacia type bread instead of the regular pita, and the tomato sauce has a slightly spicy kick. Perfect brunch dish. 
The menu items change all the time, but the radish and peanut hummus is one of my favorites! 
Also, you'll need the extra pita if you don't want your pita to hummus ratio to be way off... :)Lucky me! Looking for a hot and hearty meal walked into this place... and they serve shakshuka on Sundays!!  It was incredible.Hummus for a meal sounds like a weird concept but it works so well. It is super filling and DELICIOUS. Dizengoff is where dreams happen. The menu changes daily (different hummus toppings) which is nice because no two visits are the same. If they ever have a lamb option - get it. You will not be disappointed. Tomato toppings are also very yummy. Honestly everything here is so good. I usually order and extra pita because I sometimes find that the ratio is a bit off also it's only an extra $1. Their soft boiled eggs are also awesome and delicious for when you want some extra protein. Also an extra $1. This place gets very busy during lunch and early dinner so definitely recommend coming at a random time (I've gone at 3 a couple of times and it's empty).Love love love. The hummus never disappoints. The dimly lit hole-in-a-wall place is a nice little place to grab some honestly amazing hummus.If you like hummus this place is a must. The hummus is excellently crafted, the toppings are prepared in a delicious and creative manner, and the pitas are always fresh. One of my favorite lunch spots in Philadelphia.Had my first Dizengoff plate last week during a rainy winter day in Philly. When I first walked in it was very crowded (Noon on a Thursday) so I shopped around a little at Nordstrom Rack (a block away) before coming back. At 1pm, I was able to score a seat at one of the picnic tables for my boyfriend and I. The seating is communal so you'll probably end up sitting with someone you don't know and sharing a (free) water pitcher. 
After ordering, I watched the giant brick oven to see the pillows of fresh pita cook. It just made the short wait feel long haha. They also have a bunch of artsy pop art hebrew/israel posters on the walk that were interesting. When the food got was brought out to the table I was surprised to see that we got 3 pitas when we only ordered 2....=D I had ordered the Sweet Potato Hummus. There was a lot of bite sized pieces of Sweet Potato on top...not sure if there was any blended in....but dang it was good. It has a nice mild spice which you can amp up with the red stuff in the metal containers on the table. 3 pitas and the hummus were plenty for two people but you might not want to share cause it was THAT good.My favorite treat is Dizengoff hummus. I make sure that everyone from out of town gets their hands on this incredible dish just because first timers expect eating Sabra as a meal and then.. and then their taste buds shock them.
Fun fact: Bob Appetit magazine named this hummus the best dish in America for 2015!THE BEST HUMMUS IN THE WORLD! Friendly staff, hot pitas, no charge for extra salad.. Yeah, that's a winner!A place in Philly that only serves the infamous Zahav hummus?! YES PLEASE!
Anytime I am any where near Dizengoff around lunch time, it's just impossible for me not to stop in. The hummus is perfection and the fresh made to order laffa is just perfect with it. Each day, they offer a different topping for your hummus as well and everyone I've tried has always been delicious. Some examples I have tried are...baby beets, roasted carrots and red onions, ground beef and lamb and broccoli peanut pesto but the list goes on and on. 
The inside is very very small so either take it out or get there early or late during lunch hour but just get there. Trust me.Food is amazing, if you like hummus, this is the place for you. For sure get the brisket hummus - and can't beat the $4 beers either. Highly recommended.Amazing! Had the potato and egg and cauliflower hummus bowls. Very satisfying and filling meal. If you & your friend are light eaters, you may want to order 1 hummus bowl and 2 pieces of pita. My dad and I definitely did not finish each of our entire hummus bowls. But I'd also recommend trying all the flavors! So good!Very very very good hummus. Maybe the best in Philly and has a street food feel. The place is very dim and looks closed but is homey inside. It was hard to see the food. A little pricey too but you do get several sides.
I had the spicy cucumber hummus and would definitely recommend it. Super soft pita that I could eat for days!Very simple menu. Various hummus dips with pita or other Isralei dips.
Good spot for a quick snack but I couldn't use this as a full mealIt's so good. I want to bathe in it. I want to marry it. I've tried two vegetarian toppings so far and both were delicious. Great service too.Amazing little spot with delicious and simple options. So tasty! A great place for a good hummus snack. Delicious drinks too.A great lunch place ! I came here with some friends. We had the hummus and delicious bread. I also had the eggs for some easy protein but I really just couldn't get enough of the bread! The place is quiet small with communal tables which I think makes it part of the charm. Order, grab a seat next to stranger, chow down when they bring you your food. And lastly, enjoy! I will definitely be back !The moment I saw the fresh pitas being pulled from the wood fire oven and served hot, I knew I loved this place. For about $9-12 you can get a large bowl of creamy hummus with toppings like ground lamb, beef, cabbage, beets, or whatever else happens to be on their daily rotating menu. Each hummus order also comes with a crisp cucumber salad, pickles, and onions. The portions are big enough for a meal, and I sometimes end up taking some home.
Dizengoff is B U S Y during lunch hours, they don't take phone orders, but the wait is usually not too long. I would definitely recommend getting there earlier in the afternoon, it seems like they often run out before close.It's the lemonanna drink that earns this place five stars in my book. It is awesome. (I think the hummus is great if you like it on the salty side with a super smooth texture. I prefer it lemony, so the lemon drink was just the right thing to add some tang on the tongue. I will crave it forever. Yum!)Visiting Philly and I wondered in after multiple recommendations.  Food was fantastic.  Sat at the "bar," chatted with the staff, all super friendly.  Highly recommend.Yum!!!
Definitely the best hummus I've ever tasted. It's super creamy and nutty and unlike store bought hummus, it doesn't have a weird acidic aftertaste.
The pita is super fluffy and soft and the serving is pretty generous. My lunch companion and I shared one and it was plenty. We each had a shandy alongside our meal, which was a perfect summertime treat.
The harif is something I wanted to steal. It was smoky and spicy and a perfect condiment for the hummus.
There isn't too much seating and I expect it can get quite busy, but turnover seems relatively quick.Great place to try hummus. Cheaper version of Zahav. The zucchini baba was amazing! Flavorful and yummy! The chicken skin hummus was but salty for my palette. The hummus itself was good but the skin was too crunchy and salty.I've tried the food here about three times and each time it has been awesome, BUT today I found a large piece of plastic in my food. I understand that these things happen from time to time, but the restaurant should be more careful about quality control of the food they produce. This is especially true because the piece of plastic was pretty noticeable. I'm hesitant to go back for that reason, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.Best go to place for Hummus. Super fresh and delicious. The staff is extremely friendly, lots of veggie option as well. Definitely recommend to give it a try.If you love hummus... you must come here!! You would never know based off the name. I ordered the chicken hummus. The hummus was a creamy nutty savory masterpiece! At the center was a delicious roasted pepper with chicken inside. It comes with a hot pita and Isreali pickles. It's SO  good, I think I finished eating in 10 min. On a side note, I believe this is the same owner as Zahav. The hummus is off the hook at both places!! 
Ambience was casual and service was friendly. The  place itself is relatively small. I will definitely be going back again!Interesting concept for a restaurant, hummus with a mix-in. They are VERY generous with their hummus, I saved about half of mine for later and I think one portion could feed two people. The hummus is delicious, and comes with several spices you can mix in, along with a tasty pickled salad. I got the dragonbean mix in at the recommendation of the server. It's  a sort of crunchy bean kind of like a snap pea, I would very much recommend it. The pita is soft, fresh and delicious. I would maybe get two pieces though, it's a lot of hummus!If you like fresh, this is definitely your place. Pita bread comes out hot from the oven, the hummus is scooped into your bowl after its ordered, the cucumber salad is so light and refreshing, and you also can get free cold water. I've been here about 4-5 times already and I've never been disappointed.
Lines can get really long but don't let that scare you off. It does move pretty fast. The workers here know how to run their business. They are so nice and never rush you with questions you may have. You order, they give u a number, and you sit down and wait for the deliciousness to arrive.
One thing I recommend is to come with someone. I like having 2 types of toppings. The last time I came here, my friend ordered the beef (savory) and I ordered the carrot (for that slight sweetness). It was the perfect balance. Of course though, you can still come alone and still get amazing hummus here. Definitely one of the best in the city.Every once in a while, I don't agree with lots of people on Yelp concerning a restaurant and that is def the case with Dizengoff.  I was pretty nonplussed with my meal in this hyped (over-hyped) hummus eatery.  First of all, the hummus was good .... but exceptional??  And I realized all the flavors for the hummus are added at the time of serving and are not integrated into the hummus in preparation.  The flavors in many ways remain separate that way.  I had the beet and pistachio hummus.  I tried to mix the beets which sat on top of the hummus into the hummus itself so there was some flavor combo.  The few pistachios played no role in taste or consistency.  I did add Harif Sauce but I found this particular rendition of the Yemenite hot sauce not very tasty at all...actually it had an odd taste compared to other Harif I've eaten.  The mild Za'atar also didn't add much in the way of flavoring. Pickles and a small salad were served on the side - nothing memorable.  The one pita you get with your order was of good quality. This meal also wasn't very large in quantity and yet it still wound up costing with drink and tip & tax around 17 dollars.  I'm def not in the fan club for Dizengoff.After the third try this place was finally open.  The two times before they had closed early- why not make enough hummus to be open at least past lunchtime?
The best part of this place is the pita- soft, pillowy and warm right out of the oven.
The hummus is- good. Not spectacular. Not mind blowing or even worth another trip really.  It just tastes like good hummus from any other middle eastern place that makes their own hummus.
The pickles served with it were also good and pretty standard with the exception of the small pickled cucumber which was very good.
I would go back if I was passing by with friends and wanted hummus, otherwise, I tried it, it's good, but that's about it.Wow...so delicious.  The best hummus and I had it with the steak.  It came with a salad and pita and was about $10.  All very good.Holy smokeroos. Ugh, remember dunkaroos? My mom would never get me that shit in school and I was so pissed. Anyways, I came here on a Wednesday night and was a little.. distraught over giving up valuable sips time but I have to admit that it was worth it. 
I met someone here and upon my arrival they were sitting OUTSIDE, in this HEAT-STROKE-WAVE. I was horrified at the potential suggestion he was trying to make to sit outside but we ultimately took the party inside.
So you go in and order at the counter, I'm not sure if they have anything other than hummus at this place food-wise but who fucking cares, hummus is the shit. I went with tehina and my date the chicken one. He also ordered this lemon beverage thing that he knows bc of israel and I went with beer in a can bc who can resist anything in a can.
They serve you the shit in a big bowl with a little bowl of tomato and cucumber chunks and a baby pickle. Pita on the side. In the tehina one is some green stuff in the middle. I did notice something was stringy in there. Relative to the vast majority of the hummus that is available in this area, this stuff is really spectacular. It's not the best hummus I've ever had, I MIGHT be able to make better hummus (no you cannot come over) but it's really great. 
One pita isn't really enough and I believe you have to pay for more which is bull shiz if you ask me. 
I'm actually getting so hungry thinking of this that I just opened a bag of rold gold tiny twists original. Yes I did tilt the bag towards my oral cavity to get that last bit of salt at the bottom. Recent research suggests that sodium doesn't affect normal, healthy people so chillax. 
The service was also really great, we were there past closing just chillin' like villains and they DGAF, they told us it was totally cool to chill for a minute. When I used to work in restaurants in college I would get SO PISSED at people who wouldn't GTFO, like just fucking go already.
Anyways, I'll definitely be back, I might even be back after happy hour today if I'm going to be honest.
Bye have a good weekendThis hummus is lick the bowl clean good!  Same amazing taste from Zahav but more creative options for toppings and just perfect for a quick lunch.  All of the options are between 10-13 dollars and that comes with one pita and small thing of pickled veggies.  It may seem expensive, but this is the best hummus you'll ever have.  Follow their instagram for daily specials.  I got the crispy chicken skin twice and would get it again when they have it!  If you're gluttonous like me- just get the extra pita bread for $1 ... it's so good.Seriously ridiculously awesome good hummus is all they do. And they do it so well! 
So far I've sampled the chicken and the egg and crispy potato chip hummus (yes this was a thing and it was delicious). 
I think my husband has a budding hummus addicition as he works nearby and goes there almost daily for lunch. His favorites so far are the brisket and lamb but he claims they just keep getting better. He also loved the pickles on the side.
Definitely a must try in the city!Amazing.  The last time I visited Philadelphia, I got here too late and they were sold out.  Believe me, I wasn't going to make that same mistake twice.  I was at the door the minute they opened.  I was not disappointed.
They told me that the menu changes daily, I chose the hummus with roasted eggplant -- think one step before baba ganoush.  It was served with pita bread, traditional Israeli salad (tomatoes and cucumbers) and pickles and onions.  Let me say this was the best meal I ate during my visit to Philadelphia.  
You can't get hummus like this in Boston.  You can get hummus like this in New York (Hummus Place), but this is just another level.  The pita is freshly baked in the store, they've got a few beers on tap (if that's your thing), and the vibe of the place was chill (maybe that changes when they get busy!) I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here and would highly recommend getting yourself here asap.
It will be one of my first stops next time i'm in Philly.Never been here before.  Was recommended by a friend for lunch.  I did not get a chance to really digest the environment as we were talking business.  What I did see is that the staff is very attentive and precise.  So much so that they are extremely proficient.  I paid for my lunch and within 5 min had it at the table.  The Hummus is beyond amazing and the pita bread is fresh.  What more can you ask for?  I will be back and I will provide a full in depth review.This place was so good! I had been waiting to go for months because I no longer live in the area and absolutely love Zahav, and I was not disappointed. The hummus and pita were both phenomenal. Everyone in our group ordered a different hummus and they were all great. It's very affordable. I thought I would be hungry afterwards but I couldn't even finish. I also had a frozen lemonada and even though it was snowing out, it was awesome. Finding a seat wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be and I can usually find parking on Sansom. I wish I would have gone earlier in my trip back home because I would definitely have returned.2nd time going. First time got the eggplant, it was decent not memorable. 2nd time got the lamb which was AMAZING.  The portion was insanely smaller tho.  25.00 for 2 small portions of hummus? If they downsize this they will lose customers.  They might have even lost me this time bc no matter how good it was it doesnt justify the cost for so little.Stumbled upon this Philadelphia phenomenon as I was walking down sansome street. Thought I'd jump into the long line that went fairly fast. Omg. I do not normally like hummus but I just got converted. It is the best I've ever had. Ordered the chicken almond lunch and while it didn't look like much food I was stuffed and way satisfied. Can't wait to come back to Philly!!!  The minty green lemonada was a great compliment to my lunch.I could literally eat their food everyday and never get sick of it! Everything is amazing! The hummus....best I've ever had by a long shot! I would love to know how they make it so creamy! Also, the chicken is amazing! I wish they gave you more meat when you order it because I always want more! Highly recommend this place!This is salt ground with chickpeas... If you're giving this 5 stars I hope you're on blood pressure meds. If not, take out a life insurance policy for your family's sake.This place is amazing.  I have tried 5 different hummus combinations and all have been nothing short of amazing.  Always worth waiting in line for.Holy cow, this place is legit! Perfect for lunch, the hummus is so smooth! You will fall in love with this place.This was great. I don't think the hummus was quite as other-worldly as it is at Zahav, but still excellent, and among the best I've had in New York.
First visit, we got:
- Sabich hummus, with eggplant, egg, amba
- Ground beef hummus, with kidney bean and onion
- Shakshuka
- Three salatim (pickled beets and turnips, carrots with harissa, and yemenite pickles)
I thought all of it was excellent, and I'll definitely be back to try more variations of the hummus .Hummus. ..hummus ..and more hummus!  I had the brisket hummus and it was delicious!  The brisket just fell apart and it was so juicy!  It paired so well with the hummus!  It's a very small place,  but excellent if you are in a hurry!I am not a big fan of middle eastern food so I was very skeptical but Dizengoff is pretty good! the pitas were fabulous - some of the best I have had anywhere - and the different types of hummus were good. I have ordered the kohirabi hummus and the solomonov's hummus - both are very good. the pickles are also delicious. the line is always really long at lunch time, so try to go during the afternoon when it's not as busy. the food is good but not necessarily worth the wait with so many other options for stellar food in the area.(1). The worker at the cash register had the worst attitude ever!!!! Like, why are you so angry?
(2) So this really grossed me out. The two workers that were preparing the food, did not wear gloves or something to cover their hair. She would prepare the food, then go around the counter to clean off tables. This action IS disgusting!!!!
(3) I immediately got a stomach ache, once I ate the chicken hummus bowl. Point of this review....I won't be back.was looking forward to salads, none were available. Great pita, unfortunately no wholewheat option available.  Humus is out of this world, but at  $10+ is overpricedBest lunch/snack spot! Ive probably visited this place around 30 times in the last year and I don't even live in the city, but if I did that number would be more like 300. I've never had a topping I didn't like. Be sure to check out their Instagram page for daily toppings, but honestly you can't really go wrong.After many tries to eat at Dizengoff we finally succeeded. Usually when we show up at 3pm the "out of hummus" sign is on the door that never deterred us from trying 10 more times. The wait was worth it and the  brisket and the carrot hummus was exceptional. The homemade pita that was still warm after driving 10 minutes home with it really added to the whole experience. Who knew we could love hummus that much?Solid hummus. Ultra fresh ingredients and quick service. The protein options vary, but all are appealing.We found this place walking by and are so glad we did! It's tremendous. Everything is delicious. We then went to the NYC location when we returned from the trip. Again, fantastic. 
Definitely a must stop whenever nearby.Excellent hummus place. They rotate the kinds every day so you never know exactly what you are going to get except that it is delicious. The bread that comes with is fresh made right there and just oh so tasty. This place is owned by the same people as Zahav which you know is also quality.Best hummus I've ever had! Michael Solomonov knows good Israeli cooking, and what a fantastic idea for him to take the pita and hummus from his premier restaurant Zahav and offer it to the masses! The hummus is literally the only thing on the menu--you can choose from a variety of toppings, which vary day-by-day. On my visit, I got the sunchoke hummus, which came with beautifully roasted sunchokes, herbs, and olive oil. But the best part, of course, was the light, ethereal, perfectly-spiced hummus. It's so hard to describe why it's so good, but it's absolutely perfect for dipping and eating with the fresh, fluffy pita. An order also comes with Israeli salad and pickles on the side, which were a bit on the sour side for me.
Come here for the hummus! You'd never think that such a simple food could be done so well or taste so delicious, but Dizengoff really executes it perfectly!Immediately returned here after a week.  Follow them on IG for daily menu updates.  After seeing chicken skins was on the menu for the day, I knew i had to return here ASAP!  It was everything I imagined it to be. Crunchy and crisp, wish there were more pieces. If only I could ask for more of the chicken skins :(. The side salad consisted of carrots this time.  Again I would recommend sharing if you don't want to be to full, just grab an extra pita. Love the outdoor seats on a nice day.First, just to set expectations, this place serves hummus. That's it.  They say if you're only going to do one thing, you better do it well. Message received by Dizengoff. I ordered the hummus with lamb pistachio on top, extra pita (gotta have that extra pita). As soon as I took my first bite, I was transported to another universe - FLAVORTOWN. The lamb pistachio had the perfect balance of spices. The hummus was smooth and simply melt in your mouth delicious. The next time I am in Philly, I will be sure to stop in again.Ehh...expected this place to have more than just hummus. Pita was ok. Overpriced. Happy they had good beer but again, overpriced.A coworker recommended Dizengoff to me as a lunch option, and I finally decided to stop by.
The restaurant is small Israeli hummusiya tucked into a cozy area of center city, with some simple, and industrial decor. It was neat that the walls were also lined with authentic and colorful posters that came straight from Tel Aviv. I decided to stop in a little after the lunch rush on a weekday, but it was still pretty full. I had trouble trying to find a seat, but I was eventually settled in at an outside table.
The menu is simple and fresh, and has something for everybody, though it seems small. I got the zucchini hummus accompanied with a pickle, onions, and a small, crisp, cucumber salad. I also ordered a frozen mint lemonade. At first, I thought that the warm, fresh-baked pita that came with my meal wouldn't sufficiently mop up all the smooth and rich hummus, but the pickles, onions, and salad were crisp and bright additions to my meal and made it feel less like I was just dipping things in hummus and more like a substantial lunch. The frozen lemonade was also extremely refreshing and bright, and made the entire meal feel light.
Overall, Dizengoff was a great experience. I am definitely going back, and making sure I grab a piece of strawberry Bazooka Bubblegum from the counter--it's even in Hebrew and comes with a cute comic!Post spin class hunger is real! On one had you want to eat a horse, on the other hand you don't want to undo the hard work you just endured. What's a couple of gals to do? Eat Hummus!!
Delicious warm hummus, who can argue with that. The pita bread it comes with is heavenly. I needed 2 pieces to finish my hummus tho. They have different hummus fixings and I think they change them occasionally. 
The inside is fast-food like. Some benches to seat on. Not a lot of seating space to accommodate a city center lunch crowd. I got the sense most prob took their food to go.
Serving was large enough for me to eat the next day for lunch.Oh man, it's like Mike Solomonov read my mind. Every time I go to Zahav, it's such a struggle to not eat all the hummus before the food comes... now I can literally just have the hummus as a meal. 
Many other reviews have already covered what I would say about the hummus - clearly the best in the city, and there's no other place like it. I want to come back to try the different flavors - I had the regular one. 
Next time I would probably order an extra pita though - just one wasn't *quite* enough for a meal. Also, they are so generous with the hummus - if you aren't careful, you'll end up with no more pita. 
On a side note, their website is atrocious. Whoever designed it should be ashamed. Like sure the first time I go through, it's sort of cool. But after that, it just gets *really* annoying to have to mouse through all of those panels to find what I'm looking for. I'm sorry, I don't want to memorize the position of each menu item. Seriously, rethink your design.Absolutely delicious! The only problem I have with this place is the size of the restaurant. I wish it had more seating space. Thankfully Liberty Place is a block away so you can eat there if you can't find a seat at Dizengoff.After one visit, I'm officially a huge fan of this spot!!  
I was a little nervous when I arrived; the place was jam packed and the limited seating almost had me choose another spot.  But then! A seat outside opened up and all was right with the world. 
Service was super speedy. The hummus was fab. The pita--even better!! Try the frozen lemonade...its minty deliciousness had me interested in a second serving. Go here for a light, delicious, affordable lunch!Amazing. I got the hummus with beets and hazelnuts and gf got the cabbage and crumbled pita chips. Both were fantastic.
Will def be returning for more ASAP.
Friendly ppl, good clean food. Doesn't get much better than this.Tiny place with big tastes! I had the Lamb Hummus and it was hands down the best hummus I have ever had. Try and get there early if you want to sit at the few seats available (picnic style benches) or be prepared to get it to go as this place is very popular with the lunch crowd.Perfectly delicious hummus. That moist chard fresh bread. We loved the fermented pepper topping. A real value. The best part was the frozen lemonade mint gin slushy!The food was amazing and Jason was very happy to provide some great recommendations while we were visiting Philadelphia for the weekend. He made us feel incredibly welcomed, we can't wait to try the location in NYC when we get back home.I've been a loyal customer at dizengoff and recommend it to a lot of people. However, after supporting your sister business Goldie for a salad I was craving a nice pita to go along with it. I stopped in since it clearly says "pita $1" on your daily menu. I was told that I cannot buy just pita bread since I didn't buy a hummus platter. I won't be back. Take it off your menu if you don't want to lead people to believe they can purchase it.Good spot if you want a quick and casual meal. At first, I would have never considered bread and hummus to be filling, but usually when I go, I can barely finish half my meal before deciding to save the rest. It can be VERY carb-heavy, since it's mostly the bread and chickpeas that you're eating. I'd also like to mention that even if you aren't planning on finishing the hummus, at least try not to save the pita, which always tastes best when it's fresh from the oven. (Trust me - I've tried leaving it over for dinner, but the bread quickly loses its crisp.)One of the BEST hummus spots in town. Consistent. Delicious. Simple. The pita is baked perfectly. The hummus is SMOOTH and light. Truly like nothing I have ever had before. I love that they offer shakshuka on Sundays too. Best $10-11 I will ever spend.As a huge lover of hummus and pita, Dizengoff is a great place to stop by. Their hummus is super smooth, thick and well spiced, and their pita serving sizes make it easy for you to polish off the bowl. During my stop here, I ordered the beef hummus, which had a solid balance of herbs, spices, protein, olive oil and dip. Overall, a very solid combo for lunch and would definitely recommend if you're in the Philly area. 
As a native New Yorker, I'm super excited to make my way to the Chelsea location.I'll admit I don't know if this is the best hummus I've ever eaten. It was really good and like most hummus from reputable establishments, it was smooth and creamy. Now, with that being said, the fresh baked slightly charred pita was the best pita I've ever had, and the frozen lemonanna was truly amazing, delicious, and so refreshing on a sweltering summer day.Very good hummus, and that pita is so FRESH and aromatic and delicious! The frozen lemon drink... blanking on what it's called but it's nice and refreshing and not overly sweet which I appreciate. I can see that being a summertime craving. It was busy but they were efficient. I'l be back!I've had this place on my list for a while and I had a chance to take my sister visiting from Malaysia.
We shared the roasted asparagus hummus with 2 warm pita and a soft boiled egg. It was more of a snack and perfect for the 2 of us. 
The hummus had a little more cumin that I'm used to but overall it was creamy and so savory. I can't wait to go back.
Normally the hummus comes with 1 pita, a side of cucumber salad. Next time I plan on ordering the one with chicken salad for extra protein.What can I say??? I'm obsessed!!! I have been to this location only once, but I am a frequent patron of the one at Whole Foods, and the hummus is just so darn good. I can't even say which one is my favorite because I always try new combinations and they have never failed me. 
I do love the ground beef one -- it feels substantive enough for a full meal. The pickled veggies they give you on the side perfectly compliments the denseness of the hummus, providing that extra texture and acidity that completes the meal. 
The pita is phenomenal as well. A+! Please give this place a try. You might think it's a steep price for hummus, but it's worth it, trust me.Never a bad experience at this place. Staff are always friendly and the food... it's amazing! Best hummus you can find. 
While the spot is small, I've never had a problem getting a table - even during the lunch rush. 
If you haven't been here, you're missing out!Pretty awesome quick serve place to eat.  Went with the chicken hummus which was ground chicken on top of Solmonov's patented hummus.  Also served with a side of beet salad.  On a warmer day you'll find a line.  There is a potential to eat in but limited seating will have you waiting for an open table.  Great food!I really loved my first "Family Chicken Dinner." At $36 seemed ok for three adults and two young ones.  But the second one did not have the pickle in the cucumber salad and the potato side that came with the first order was not included.  What gives?Two words: YUM EEEEEEEE. Can we please get one of these in Nashville?!?! As a vegetarian who nevertheless makes sure to pack protein into every meal, I could eat lunch here every single day. The staff was really friendly, too, especially given that I came in to chow within the last hour of business. No subtle (or not-so-subtle) GTFO treatment at Dizengoff! Craving it now, just writing this review.These are one of those rare places in philly we can add to our brag book. So good. I got the chicken hummus and there's no turning back. Great local beers too. Can't wait until it's warm and they open up the front.Wow, this was fantastic!  I love hummus and I'm amazed at what they can do with it to kick it up a notch.  
Today I tried the Sweet Potato Hummus.  It came in a bowl with a drizzle of olive oil, some yummy chunks of sweet potato, some kind of seed or nut (whatever it was, it tasted good) for crunch, fresh herbs and a drizzle of tahini.
The pita was amazing, so fresh and soft and ripped perfectly to dip into the hummus.  I managed to make it through 1/2 the hummus and 1 pita and I was full.  Good thing I got an extra hummus, because that will add to the leftovers for dinner!
I've found a new favorite :-)My boyfriend and I stopped in today after reading nothing but great reviews on yelp. Excited to try the lamb hummus, we were surprised upon ordering that their menu is constantly changing  and the lamb hummus was not available. The menu was limited but we selected their original hummus with chicken and figured we would go elsewhere for a main course since we weren't overly thrilled with the options. The hummus was VERY good although portion was considerably small for the price. I would recommend this place if you are looking for a small bite over a drink, although the drink selection is also limited. Good food, but we were disappointed by the portion size!Awesome! This place rules. You get a huge serving of the best hummus you'll ever have accompanied by a big warm pita right out of the oven and some veggies in the side. There are always 5-6 options both vegetarian and meat, maybe vegan I'm not sure, but the prices are great for what you get. The food is ALWAYS consistent and served fast. I highly recommend.The (much better) Chipotle of hummus. The tehina is out of the world, I could eat it with nothing but a spoon - but it's way tastier with an extra pita.I absolutely loved the hummus bowl I got from dizengoff for dinner last week(early dinner cause they close at 7!).. it was the potato salad special one which was super light because it's no mayo all tahina I think. The hummus was super smooth and rich and the pita was so fresh. They let me have a free side because I told them it was my first time there so that was super nice! Got the beets and they were great tooI never realized hummus could be good until I tried the hummus here. I thought it was all just the the grainy, cold gloop in plastic tubs at the grocery store that you reluctantly pair with sad baby carrots whenever you feel obligated to eat "healthy." But no, it can be smooth and warm and delicious, at least at this one place in Philly that is very far from my home. I came twice in my three days in town, once for a late lunch of hummus with fattoush and it was so good that I brought my husband back for a shakshuka brunch on Sunday morning. Everything was absolutely delicious, including the limonana. The shakshuka is even better than the hummus plates, if that is possible. 
The place is very small and dark and tight, no seats during the Sunday brunch rush that began right as we were leaving. But the food is basically out of this world, so all logistical inconveniences ought to be tolerated for that reason.When Dizengoff first opened I was skeptical that I would ever frequent a restaurant which only served hummus. Don't get me wrong, great hummus is a wonderful appetizer; but, only hummus? Several months and many trips back, I now get it. It is eclectic, focused, and wonderfully executed. The hummus is superlative; but, the fresh pita is, to me, the star of the show. The staff executes extremely well, and moves things along even when the place is teeming with people (which is often). The oxtail hummus is a personal favorite, and I'm also a big fan of the lamb. I have enjoyed a lot of the unusual items they have used to garnish the hummus; but, of course, the downside to a rapidly changing daily menu is that often they are without my favorite varieties. Small complaint for a location which doesn't try to be all things to all people. A great addition to the Philly culinary landscape.amazing hummus. i dont want to eat hummus from the supermarket ever again. get thr eggplant hummus. just yummy!!!