I am a long term frequent customer of this establishment. I just went in to order take out (3 apps) and was told they're too busy to do it. Really? The place is maybe half full at best. Does your dick reach your ass? Yes? Go fuck yourself! I'm a frequent customer AND great tipper. Glad that Kanella just opened. NEVER going back to dmitris!Dmitri's is the best Greek food in town. If you're a seafood lover, go for the shrimp pil pil and the octopus. The grilled lamb and chicken entrees are the only non seafood items, but they're fantastic. Make sure to get the hummus - it comes with unlimited warm grilled pita and baguette.
Also - BYOB! And they don't take reservations. Kitchen closes at 10 so make sure to get there by 9:30.If I could give this place 6 stars, I would.  Food is consistent, simple, and good.  People who are complaining about the cramped space and pissy waitresses need to relax- this is what a good BYO in a little homey neighborhood in a big city is like.  If you want room, go to Applebee's and request a booth.  Won't miss ya.
My husband and I always get the same thing- 1/2 and 1/2 (a combo plate with half hummus and half baba), sauteed mussels, smelts, shrimp scampi, and grilled octopus.  If we have room, the rice pudding is great.
FYI- plan in plenty of time to find parking, BYO, and cash only.We love good food and would rather have a fine meal in a mediocre space than a lousy meal in an elegant space.  Alas, our first (and last) experience here gave us a lousy meal in a mediocre setting.
* The space is drab and dreary.
* Tables crammed too close together
* Noise level excessively high - impossible to have a relaxed conversation, have to compete with too-loud talking at too-close tables, flatware and plates rattling on the stone tabletops
* Cheesy, cheap paper napkins at a not-cheap restaurant
* Worn, scuffed, cheap diner-type flatware 
* Bread that came with the hummus was stale, tasteless
* Rice and vegetable accompanied all four entrees - rice tasteless and lukewarm, greens mushy, overcooked, oily and unrecognizable
* Entrees rushed out before we had finished our apps
* For our wine, we were given old, small, worn-out flute-shaped glasses - totally inappropriate 
All in all, an entirely disappointing BYO meal at any cost, but especially so for close to $160 including gratuity for four apps, four entrees, two desserts.Yes, yes, yes, yesss! Dmitri's is a wonderful BYOB with delicious, fresh, flavorful food. The QV space is tiny, but not cramped. You get a great amount for the price and I have never had a bad dish. Only downside is I have experienced a "3" level service on a few occasions, but the food keeps me coming back.Love this BYOB.  Albeit the environment is cramp and loud, so not a good place for an intimate dinner.   However, the food always lures us back.  The grilled, whole fish is wonderful.  My husband is a big fan of the lamb.   It's a good lively night out, with wonderful full flavored food and attentive, friendly service.I've been to dmitris a few times and their food has never disappointed. It is authentic and fish is always fresh. Their food is hands down five stars. I am giving them four stars only because they require you to place your appetizers and main dishes at the same time but do not always allow for adequate time between courses. I don't mind placing orders for both at the same time, but they should definitely plan out the timing a little better. Other than than, dmitris is a great byob in queen village.Dinner was absolutely delicious. Everything is fresh and made in an open kitchen. Had the salmon and it was so tasty! Definitely worth the wait!I've been to Dmitri's twice, and both times I ordered the same entree.   I love squid, and it's always a rare treat when you find a place that serves it grilled instead of deep fried.  I love the concept, but for me the taste of the squid was overpowered by the taste of char from the grill.  When they say grilled, they mean GRILLED.  I used some extra lemon wedges to brighten it up a bit, which definitely helps, but I don't think I'll order that dish again. 
My boyfriend on the other hand, ordered the seafood combination - a tomato/garlic based broth with a ton of seafood.  I had total food envy.   The seafood combination pretty much had it all - shrimp, clams, mussels, tilapia, scallops.. super delicious. Next time, I'm ordering that.
Our appetizer was the shrimp scampi, and it was good, but they lose points for serving shrimp that hadn't been properly cleaned.  If you see that long, thin black "blood vein" in your shrimp, diner be ware.  That's not a vein, and it's not blood.  It's the digestive tract, and therefore I bet you can guess what that actually is.  (Ew)  
In the past I've had the shrimp pil pil, grilled octopus and hummus and those were pretty tasty.  Some of the smaller octopus pieces were overcooked, but overall it had good flavor.  
Will I be back? Yes.  But next time I'll be more "in the know" on what to order and what to skip.As a former patron of the Pine Street Dmitris, I had certain expectations. 
First off, I had no idea that this (and the northern Liberties locations) were BYO. I really wished I knew that ahead of time. It's always nice to have a glass of wine with a nice meal right? I was bummed. 
Secondly- the menu at his location was missing the saganaki (fried cheese) that the other now closed location had.
Perhaps my overall disappointment clouds my review but the only thing that stood out was the shrimp pilpil. Outstanding! Everything else was good. But I didn't leave as satisfied as I did at the other Dmitris. 
We ordered the grilled veggies which were good. 
The meatballs were eh. I had to ask what kind of meat they were and please be aware there is veal in them. I don't eat veal. I am
bummed once again. 
Fried calamari platter: needed salt. What the deuce guys? 
Overall the experience was unimpressive. 
While the ambiance is lovely, the waitstaff is banal, and I wish I had gone there prior to the other location because I would most likely have an entirely different take on the experience. 
I miss my Pine Street Dmitri's location. I hear they're putting in a Tria. Eh. Whatever.Yes, yes, and hell yeah.
Perfect little neighborhood place. Every dish was executed simply and flawlessly. The pics are 100% accurate and representative so if they appeal, then you'll be good here.
Maybe the best way to describe the food at Dmitri's is that everything they make really tastes like what it's supposed to. They don't hide behind sauce or spice. The overall experience is "authentic."
Orange almond cake for dessert was wonderfully unsweet. However I would much rather have had ice cream with it than the supplied whipped cream. (Thankfully the cream also was unsweetened - yea!)
The only significant improvement I can imagine is if they would make their own pita bread (vs store-bought). Though they do char it on the grill before serving - very tasty.
OK the only OTHER improvement I can imagine is if the chef would have personally spooned his piping hot scallops down my gullet, which did not seem in the cards, at least not on my first visit.Dmitri's is our family go to restaurant as we have been coming for the past 15 years. The food has been consistent - always fresh .. we never miss soft shell crab season with them.  The sautéed mussels are like no other - the hummus hands down best I've ever had. We frequent the best restaurants In Philadelphia - this is definitely one of our favorites. The restaurant has servers that have been there for years and that's just icing on the cake. We love Danielle - always a comfort  eating here.   Oh and don't forget the Greek coffee and rice pudding ! The best.I lived in Philadelphia about 10 years ago and loved Dmitris.  It was always a long wait but the food was great and service good.  I was back in town for a 15th year college reunion and decided to reminisce by coming here again on a MONDAY night for a good friend's birthday celebration.  When I arrived at 6:30pm - the restaurant had many empty seats.  We were a party of 5 but only 3 of us arrived early.  We were seated immediately.  The rest of the party came about 20 minutes later.  After 5 minutes - our waitress came over with an irritated "Is the rest of your party coming soon?"  After another 5 minutes - they basically said very rudely "Where are they?"  Meanwhile - there were still MANY empty tables (another table of 5 open) - I looked and there was nobody waiting.    When the rest of the party arrived, the waitress came over immediately to announce the specials of the day before my brother's butt touch his seat!  They're undercurrent was still hostile at best.  The restaurant did not fill up until 30 minutes after our entire party arrived and no more than 2 people were waiting at a time to be seated the entire time we were there.  I felt that the waitresses were rude and acted like it was some kind of sacred privilege to eat at Dmitris.  To add insult to injury - the food was NOT the way I remembered it.  The grilled octopus was dry and did not taste fresh.  The rest of the dishes were okay-good but not spectacular.  I feel that Dmitris is resting on its previous laurels.  I read a few yelp reviews and many complained about the rude waitstaff.  I will not patronized this establishment again and informed my Philly friends and family of the same.  This is America and who wants to pay to eat at a snooty mediocre place?My favorite restaurant - I bring everyone here and it is always a hit.  First, it's a BYOB which I like.  Parking is a bit tricky at times but not impossible.  The Mediterranean plate is quite tasty and large enough for 2-4 people.  It includes hummus, beets, lentils, baba ghanoush and tzatziki  (cucumbers) with pita bread.  Everything on the menu is excellent but my all time favorite, as well as everyone that has been here with me, is the fried flounder.  I am not a big fish eater, and I have no idea why it is so good... but it is amazing.
Oops this is a review for the Northern Liberties location.My suspicion about too-tough octopus being a regular problem has been confirmed...kinda disappointing.Very, very disappointing. I went here this past weekend for dinner and had a VERY mediocre meal. It was actually one of the worst meals I have had in the 6 years I've lived in Philly. Everything was very bland, like not even seasoned with salt and pepper bland. We ordered the grilled octopus appetizer which was very chewy and tasteless. The only dish that had any seasoning to it was the shrimp pil pil appetizer, which was tasty but nothing all that special. The entrees we ordered were all served with rice and escarole. Completely bland and unseasoned rice and escarole. My squid seemed fresh but had no seasoning at all. My dinner companions had similar complaints about the dishes they order (flounder, soft shell crab). Again, the fish seemed fresh but had no flavor or seasoning. I can't even say that the food was under-seasoned, it was just plain not seasoned.We went on more than a few recommendations so we were disappointed when most of our fish was overcooked.  We ordered the octopus, shrimp, and smelts.  It was really unfortunate because the hummus was wonderful and the service was fantastic.  Its so cozy in there and they don't rush you even though there is generally a wait.  It may have been an off night but there are really too many other places to try so we most likely won't go back.Food is off the charts amazing.  Got lucky and got a table for 2 quickly on a Friday night, but generally be prepared for a bit of a wait.  FYI this place is BYOB and only accepts cash or checks.  The food is SO worth it though.  Amazing.Love this place. A go-to favorite of ours. Very intimate so get there early on weekends since they don't take reservations. 
Food is delicious and quite reasonably priced. Love the Greek salad (no greens) and citrus avocado salad to start off. Spinach pie is great. The escarole pasta is a garlic lover's dream. Shrimp PilPil is usually a favorite of people. Grilled veggies, beets, etc all great sides for your meal. 
They always have good fish specials to check out. 
Never get tired of this place and we're never disappointed.THE BEST restaurant in Philadelphia, period! We've been coming here for years & it is & always has been consistently AMAZING! Everything is fresh & made to order. It is always busy, which is great. The service is always friendly, efficient & smooth! Even when it gets crazy busy here, it's always "service with a smile!" Nothing is too much to ask for, more napkins, ice.. whatever! I love the staff, they work very hard! The chefs are also so nice & friendly. It's really cozy & friendly here, they always remember us & greet us with big smiles! I love these gals... and boy oh boy, can they filet a fish or what?!   We LOVE the Shrimp Pil-Pil, of course the Octopus, salads are great....Branzino! Oh, & save room for the RICE PUDDING!  The best I've ever had! THANK YOU D'mitri's!The food here is really good and the menu is accommodating for different wallet sizes, which is always nice.  The only real problem with this place is the size.  It's a tight fit no matter where you're seated, and larger parties (any more than four) will DEFINITELY be cramped.  It's a nice quiet place for a small party, though, and don't forget to BYO!Dmitri's does simple food right.
It blows my mind how delicious they can make seafood taste. This small restaurant is the epitome of a Mediterranean BYO.  
They also give you a ton of food so it's even more affordable than it seems!
A can't miss: the grilled octopusWent there again tonight - and while the decor sure ain't 5 star - the food absolutely is!!!
Shrimp Scampi .
The world's BEST baba.
Simple grilled veggies with chunks of feta.
So cheap (cash only at this location) and so tasty.
Killer waitresses - they attack - beware!Teeny-tiny BYOB, tight quarters for dining indeed (is this the reason behind it not taking reservations?), especially if you're eating at the bar tables by the windows. Teeny-tiny tables with teeny-tiny wine glasses. Had to put bottles of wine practically on the floor because it wouldn't fit on the table. They barely fit our dishes, water glasses and wine by dinner time...
Came in around 7:45 and waited about an hour at New Wave before we got a table...
Small price to pay for good food you say? Meh. The food was good, not outrageous-pump-your-fists-in-the-air good.  Simple flavors and seasonings - I wasn't pumping my fists. I was Meh. 
Had a few of the small dishes.
Shrimp Pil-Pil stood out.  
Had the Ciopinno steam seafood combo. Broth was decent, seafood was good - but shrimp were tasteless and rubbery as was the calamari... Tasted the escarole and rice accompanying the scallop dishes (and the other dishes too, I presume) and it was a resounding bland meh- both needed salt - and god almighty - some Oomph - somewhere - please - although the scallops (both grilled and pan-fried) were pretty tasty. Still... an overall resounding Meh it my book.  
Had dessert, meh once more with the almond cake (other picks were rice pudding and a flan - Yawn!), looked sloppy - tasted alright. Served turkish coffee - in gasp! - coffee mugs.
Service was hurried, but pleasant.  Always refilled the water. They didn't rush us out of there after we were finished and let us drink our bottle of iced wine and gave us new teeny-tiny glasses with which to drink.Delicious and perfect. My friend and I went and brought two bottles of wine. We ordered all food and desserts to share. Service was great. Food was delicious. Space was tight, but that was expected. I wouldn't suggest this place for a large party but for a small intimate meal with friend or family, it's perfect :)Top 3 restaurants in Philly.  Try the Shrimp Pil Pil.  Simply Amazing.  I went to the Northern Liberties location and sat at the bar.  Great experience and looking forward to my next visit.Succulent seafood and fresh vegetables in ample portions. I would eat here every day if I could afford it.  You must try the octopus. Perfect for both an intimate date or a big group, as the menu accommodates adventurous eaters and the simple sort and dishes can be shared or devoured individually.   
Plan in advance or prepare to wait, unless you are an early eater.  No reservations. The queen village location is the smallest, and you may have better luck snagging a spot at the NoLibs location.As good at the other locations, I love Dmitris.  The baba is super smokey and delicious.  The salads are fresh and well dressed.  The fish is excellent.  They know how to do flavor here.  
Portions are large.  The servers at this location are super efficient.  This place is a tight squeeze and gets busy.  Dmitris is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly and I need to eat here more often.
* NOTE: Cash only.My friends and I went on a Monday night at around 7:30pm it was a nice quiet night the service was good. We had the calamari, scallops and salmon. The entrees were good but I thought the sides (rice and cooked lettuce) could have been better or at least have some options. It was a little pricey for what you received. Then we split the creme caramel which was ok it was very plain for a dessert. Overall not a bad place at all but wish there were a few more side options for the price of the dinner.On the weekends this spot is crowded but the wait isnt all that long. Besides if the wait is long just walk across the street to the bar, have a beer, throw some Dawts, or play pool. The waitress/hostess from Dimitri's will walk over to the bar and grab you when your table is ready!  BYOB -  bring the bottles of wine!  Probably white as Dimitri's serves Greek seafood.
I went to Dimitri's for three consecutive weekends. Once on a men's date (me and three other dudes). We ordered nearly every appetizer and a couple entrees and ate family style - thanks to the four bottle of fermented  grapes we cashed everything they brought out.  The octopus and is the best and I usually don't eat octopus.  Calimari is def noteworthy.
After that experience I really enjoyed myself but wasn't sure if it was b/c we feasted like viking beasts or b/c the food was really delish.  So the next weekend i took my GF. We had mussels, the fish of day, and hummus w/ pita. Oh yeah we had a bottle of wine too. When it's BYOB how can you not drink wine with every meal?. Anyhow the food was delish. The ambiance was date worthy; the open kitchen, seductive lighting in small dining area(8 tables) and small bar area (equivalent of 6 tables) gives a intimate yet  comfortable aura. The next weekend my GF and I went on a 2x date, and after a second successful dining occasion Dimitri's is now me and my girl's top three restaurants in Phil-a (we both love Tiffin too for our date nights).The best soft shell crab I have ever had! The sautéd mussels were amazing too! Great service. A bit small, very loud, and cash only.Great food, great service! Overall a great atmosphere and delicious Greek food. Price is great, though bringing your own wine eliminates the alcohol portion of the bill. Win/win really.
You may have difficulty getting a table so get there early. Also, bring cash, no credit cards.Absolutely love to go with a bottle of white (Byob) and get the grilled octopus, every time! The mussels sauté is amazing! The shrimp scampi is out of this world! The pita bread and olive oil are great! Sharing a whole fish with your date is fun as well, I like to get it deboned ! A must go for seafood and Greek food lovers!Consistently great seafood at decent prices.Sorry to say the service was just awful!!!! Really waitresses couldn't be bothered to get extra napkins, change plates in between courses, wipe off a table with water all over, bring take home containers ..So besides being placed at a tiny table for two ( we were three) the noise level being above normal , and terrible service I'd say the food was as good as any other Greek restaurant.Love, Love this place. 
Everything is good. Seriously. The waitstaff is friendly, and, in my opinion, the calamari is the the best in the city.  Try their bluefish - fish lovers won't be disappointed!food was bland, outdated, and expensive.  this is not an innovative restaurant.  octopus was chewy, rubbery, tasteless, and lacked any grilled flavor.  
we had the blue fish which was like a greasy fishy stew.  everything was just pretty awful. 
sad we wasted our money there.  definitely do not recommend to anyone.Hands down the best Greek restaurant in Philly. We love this place. Sea bass, grilled vegetables, olive oil w pita, not too noisy and not over crowded. Best neighborhood spot around!Dmitri's continues to be a certified go to spot for a great bite to eat. The place is small yet cozy, but not as stuffy as some other BYOBs in the area. As per normal, the meal starts with some freshly grilled pita and olive oil. We ordered the avocado citrus salad that was fresh and a good size. Many come to Dmitri's for the seafood, but my default meal is the lamb. It is always top notch. You can't go wrong with any of the standard seafood menu offerings.
In the winter be sure to sit towards the back of the restaurant. The consistent traffic of customers and people inquiring about the wait time through the front door tends to result in gusts of arctic through the front half of the place.Just re-discovered this place after forgetting about it for many years.  Food has been consistently excellent: spinach pie, shrimp pil pil, bluefish, octopus, grilled squid, etc.  Unadulterated classic clean flavors.  Only reason I give 4 and not 5 is that these guys could invest in some infrastructure like cutlery that does not easily bend, glasses that aren't chipped, chairs that don't feel like they will wobble and give way any moment.  All that said, great place to people watch, may be too loud to actually talk to your companions.  Don't worry, the deliciousness will offer enough to amuse you.I've been going to Dmitri's for the past 8 years or so a few times a year.  The food has always been delicious, fresh, and consistent.  The hummus is amazing.  The lamb is worth writing home about.  The beets, the calamari, the whole fish...the list goes on.  Part of the fun of the experience is checking in to wait for a table (very small place) and going across the street to the New Wave Cafe, a great little place in its own right, for a drink or two before dinner. The staff has even remained the same for years, something you rarely see these days - and they are all awesome.  If you're looking for a personal, fun little place for dinner with reasonable prices and a great vibe, check them out.
Quick tip - they are BYOB and cash only, so plan ahead.  The closest ATM is a few blocks away in a market...just like the others said, the wait is long. but boy is it worth it! the seafood is great, the service is a little weird at times but in all in all they were friendly, polite, and they definitely don't rush you out.. that is what i can't stand.
i recommend grilled scallops and fried calamari.  the reason this place gets 4 stars is because the rice tasted microwaved.  i could make better rice at home.  and the sides were overly cooked greens identical for the calamari and scallops.
if you don't want to wait and can afford to buy booze then go to the non-BYO location near rittenhouse.  
peace young ninjas, 
kGreat food, BYOB, but very poor service... always... I go a lot, but they rush you and are rude.  I suspect they think they are being cool but just being aloof and rude.  They tend to close the kitchen 15-30 minutes early if it's slow and push everyone out.  Young servers, always new ones.  Could be 5 stars if they adjusted their attitude in favor of costumer service.  The poo attitude must start at the top.... such a pity....The food is wonderful and fresh. The ambient noise was so LOUD I thought my ears would bleed!!! 
Grilled octopus even pleased a diner who thinks he doesn't like octopus. Grilled whole branzino was delicious but huge enough for 2 so I am glad we shared. This is a BYO so bring a good white wine like Sauvignon Blanc to complement their excellent seafood menu. 
I love the food, but will only go again very late or very early to avoid hearing damage.Went here on a Monday night at 8pm with two friends. They do not take reservations but luckily had a table available. The table was shared with another couple and VERY small. 
To eat we had the tomato and mozzarella salad, hummus, spinach pie, grilled octopus, shrimp pil pil, and seafood combination. Everything was very tasty. 
It is a byob. There was no room on the table for all the food. And the servers were not that friendly. I would go back for the food and hope the server is having a better day!I fell in love with this place when I moved to Philly about 8 years ago and for good reason.  The fish is amazingly fresh and the restaurant is, shall we say, an experience.  It's very small with an open kitchen so you actually feel the heat.  This location is BYO which is always a plus.  The hummus is fantastic and the octopus is one of my favorites anywhere.  If you're not local, parking around the place can be as hard as Chinese arithmetic.  Also, expect to wait for a table most nights as the place is popular, crowded, and tiny.  They'll likely send you across the street to New Wave Cafe to wait for your table.  Don't worry, they won't forget you.As a person that comes from a very similar cuisine background (West Turkey), I love to go to this place! The small plate dishes, the fish, all the seafood... everything reminds me of the good old mediterranean cuisine back at home! Since it is a BYOB restaurant, of course I dont forget to bring my Turkish Raki to accompany it! I even brought my parents from Turkey to this place during their visit and they loved it as for them it was the taste that they were used to at home... :)
For food recommendations, I would not recommend just going for the big entrees not because they aren't good but more because you want to taste more stuff than going for a one big meal. That's the mediterranean spirit! My usual combo is: Half hummus, half babaganoush (yes you can do that if you ask for it), the grilled octopus (a must!) and either one of the shrimp plates (I m a fan of the garlic one), a small portion of the calamari (they make big plates in small  and if you are more people also maybe an entree per 2-3 person to share. This way you can taste much more and still pay a reasonable amount!! :)
P.S.: 4 star is because of the waitresses because they are sometimes super rude and not friendly... but the food makes it worth!This is a fantastic seafood place. The food is simple, fresh, and delicious. You won't be able to mess it up the way they prepare the food. 
I havent had better calamari in this city and I've had a lot of calamari all over this city. The waitstaff is fantastic even when you go late. This place has great decor and ambiance. Perfect for a nice bottle of wine and a hot date.Love this place ! It's byob, first come, first serve, and hard to find parking. However, when all the stars align and you manage to get in and seated, this place knocks it out of the park! Service is fast and friendly. The atmosphere is lively and you can see the cooks doing their magic right behind the bar. 
The food was fresh and overall tasty. They start with bread and the chimichurri type sauce. (I don't know what it is but its parsley, herbs, and oil) it's by far our favorite. We had the tomato mozz salad which was relatively large portioned and delicious. The only disappointing thing was the hummus. The texture was fine, but the flavor was bland. I asked for more of the herb dipping sauce and mixed it in for flavor. 
I had the shrimp scampi which was so good! I rarely eat shrimp and this was delicious. I also ordered the plum pasta but was so full I only ate a bite. I will be enjoying my leftovers today for lunch ! My friend got the escarole pasta, and my boyfriend got the octopus platter. All had rave reviews. 
We left stuffed , reeking of garlic, and fully satiated with promises to be back soon! Eventually I would like to make it to dessert but that hasn't happened yet ! Next time!Short and sweet:  fresh healthy choices combined with good service.  Very small and tight space. I didn't like the idea of seeing the a box of cubed ice floor level near the coat rack.  I had the broiled scallops, it was good.Two words. Grilled. Octopus.
'nuff said. And try to get Sammy as your waiter 'cause he's the best.Dmitri's is another one of those "must go there while home" places I never miss on a trip. The octopus is done perfectly, and the fish selection is always fresh and fabulous. Philly just doesn't get much better than this, friends.I am one of those that have lived in Philly for years and has heard all the rave about Dmitri's and never made the trip into Queen Village (4 blocks from my house!). 
I was not disappointed!  The food was amazing, the service is speedy, and if you are not the waiting around type (there are no reservations allowed), put your name in at the door, head across the street to New Wave, have a beer or two, and they will come get you when your table is available.  I will say if you aren't prepared to wait 40-50 minutes, eat in a relatively loud and boisterous environment, and come out smelling like grilled seafood, this isn't the place for you.  As for me, all these things remind me of meals I used to eat with my family at home on LBI, so I thoroughly enjoy this atmosphere.
Our group of four started our meal out with 3 appetizers, the tomato and Mozzarella Salad, Hummus, and Olive and Feta plate.  All were large portions and I wish we had only ordered 2 between us, as it was a little too much food.  Every one was amazing - the best was the Hummus, with the Caresse Salad in a close second. If I could pick one to pass on it would have been the Feta and Olives.
For my main course, I had the Seafood Linguine,  the seafood was plentiful, large, fresh shrimp with the tails already cleaned off, clams, muscles, and a white buttery broth.  My only comment about this dish was I wish they would ease up on the broth, it overcooked the pasta by the time I was halfway through the dish.
My husband got the grilled salmon, which came plated with rice and steamed escarole.  It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, one of the best pieces of salmon I have tasted while dining out in Philadelphia.
Our friends ordered the grilled scallops and they couldn't have been more perfectly cooked and seasoned as well.  Most of these dishes come plated with a hefty portion of rice and escarole.Yup, the food is as good as everyone says.  Love the flat bread and bright green olive oil, love the whole fish specials, love the sauteed mussels, love the hummus, love the desserts.  Things I'm not crazy about - the wait (we live nearby and will only go if we can get there by 6 on a weekday), the cramped quarters, the rushed feel you get from the servers occasionally.
Hint - if you forget to BYOB, you can pick up something 'to go' at the New Wave across the street.Excellent. The food (I had shrimp saute) and the service were great. A little short on space, but well worth it.God I love their grilled octopus appetizer.  Just thinking about it now is making me salivate.  It is cooked in a little bit of lemon and olive oil-- pure, delectable simplicity.  Which could be Dmitri's motto if they had one.  Their style of Greek cooking is basic--there are no fancy twists on things, but when you have something that is this good to begin with, why change it?  The Dmitri's on 3d Street is a BYOB and there is always a wait to get in.  In partnership with New Wave,  which is the bar directly across the street, they've come up with a great method of dealing with this potential problem: Dmitri's patrons can sit at the bar at New Wave, have a cocktail and wait for the server to come and get them when their table is ready.
For entrees, try the bluefish or in fact any whole fish they have on the menu.  It comes with a rice dish and collard greens.  Absolute yumminess!I will admit that Dmitri's is very good, but I don't get the cult-like following this place seems to have. The fish preparations are very basic, which allows the full flavor of the fish to shine through. You're not going to get a macadamia nut encrusted trout or anything exotic. Just plain broiled or grilled fish.  All the entrees come served with escarole and rice.
I really don't have much to say about this place. It's a nice BYO, but it's boring. The menu isn't that exciting, but if you're in the mood for just a piece of fish, then I would suggest this place.Food is good.  This has been our neighborhood restaurant for almost 20 years.  Unfortunately we will not return.  The service is rude, indifferent, and unprofessional.  There are plenty of other places to go.  
We were a party of three and seated at a 24' two top.  When asked to be seated at a four top instead we were abruptly told no and that four tops were reserved for larger parties.  In almost 20 years we never had to cram ourselves in a two top when we were three guests. 
One in our party left disturbed by the attitude.   Two of us stayed, and during the hour of our meal there remained four open four tops. 
Sorry to manager Ann.  You lost not only one cover tonight, but three local regulars.   
Have a nice day.I've been a fan of the Fitler Square location for a while, and finally got around to trying this one.  Loved it.  The food was the same, I'd say, but I think the atmosphere at this location beats the other.  Plus, it's BYO, which helps make the delicious, inexpensive food even more of a bargain.  I also love that they send you across the street to another restaurant's bar if there's a wait for a table.  Then they actually come to the other restaurant to tell you your table is ready.  Very casual, which suits the mediterranean style.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. As for Mediterranean I am torn between Dimitri's and Kanella.  
I've been to both Dimitri locations and really like both a lot, maybe too much. I've enjoyed everything I've ever had there which is probably more than half the menu at this point. My biggest dilemma is that I always want to go back to my comfortable favorites of grilled shrimp, mussels or shrimp pil pil but also want to try something new which leads me to always having leftovers. 
My bf and I came here on memorial weekend which was great and hardly a wait since half the city was missing. Memorial and labor day weekends are a great time to dine here since the wait will be much less.
The shrimp pil pil is spicy with a great texture, slightly crispy.
Recently we also tried the seafood Fettuccini and lamb entree dish. Both dishes were delicious and big.
And the hummus is a must. 
I've also find the service to always be good.
Only downside is cash only and the place is pretty small.I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this is my favorite restaurant in Philly. I don't usually like to limit myself to only one favorite (when it comes to anything), but there's just something so magically right about the cozy space, open kitchen, and WONDERFUL food here. Every time I've come here, we've ordered the hummus, grilled octopus, and snap peas (usually snap peas are nothing to rave about but the ones here are crisp, tender and come with the most delicious tomato sauce and feta combination). Coming here is kind of an event and it might take multiple hours (but hey, it's the mediterranean way) so put your name down, get a drink across the street at New Wave and wait until they come and get you. Then once you're sitting down, you can pop open your preferred BYOB wine and order a buttload of the most delicious amazing fantastic food to share (it's the best way to do it). Then hours later, you'll realize you're in a food coma and you might need to undue the top button, but it's okay, because everyone around you will be so content and happy they won't care.The food here was amazing.  I had the:
1.  Fried calamari
2.  Tomato and Mozzarella Salad
3.  Seafood Combo (more like seafood soup).
Everything was prepared just to the point of deliciousness, nothing too fancy or over-thought.  The smells coming the kitchen could almost be an appetizer on their own.
The only fault I have with the restaurant has to do with space.  We went with a party of 8 and were crammed into 2 tiny tables (I think because they were simply trying everything they could to get us in- which is great!).  So, it is probably more suited for small, intimate groups.Something's amiss here!  these people are clearly reviewing Dmitri's at 3rd and Cathrine while this page clearly says Dimitri's at 225 S 12th St, which I've never heard of.
Yo people, WTF?You broke my heart, Dmitri's. I was a loyal and frequent lover who made no demands. In return, you always gave me a satisfying experience: consistently delicious, fresh and simply-prepared dishes. 
Perhaps you fell victim to your own success and spread yourself too thin. Maybe you got a new sugar daddy. Or it could be that you just got bored looking at the same four walls day after day, year after year. I understand. But clearly your love for me has faded. Your octopus, once plump and perfectly grilled, with the texture of lean, tender beef, now is limp, chewy and cold. Your fish, when available, is prepared with none of the care or love of years past. And your once-famous generosity, too, is nowhere to be found, your classic plain white plates dwarfing your once-ample portions.
Saddest of all is your coterie. Oh, how your ladies-in-keeping-us-waiting have changed. Once energetic and full of the charm of knowing they were slinging the best hash around, the new breed seem sullen and annoyed, more interested in the intrigue of their court than the satiety of their courtiers.
Alas, nothing lasts forever, nothing gold can stay. 'Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.So we came here for a Sunday night dinner to enjoy good Mediterranean food + wine.
Had Grilled Octopus and Shrimp Pil Pil. I really liked them both. It was first time trying Pil Pil and I am glad I chose it over the scampi. (it has a little spicy kick)
For entrees, we had Seafood linguini, Grilled scallops, Steamed seafood platter and Grilled chicken kabab platter. All pretty good. The scallops were my favorite and then the steamed seafood platter since it had everything in the delicious broth. We asked for bread at least 3 times. Lol
We were seated right away probably since it was a Sunday night (around 7pm) and the service was great. Food came out pretty fast and of course we enjoyed BYOB.
Strongly recommended! The price isn't that bad either. ;)Love this place! Simple yet delicious dishes never disappoint.  We crave almost everything on the menu that we end up always ordering way too much food.  Makes for great leftovers the next day.I've tried to eat at this restaurant twice before but each time the servers would accommodate older people who would arrive after me, so both those times I just left and ate elsewhere.  Well, considering my boyfriend and I live around the corner from Dmitri's, and it is frequently a busy restaurant so we assumed it must be good, we gave it a third shot.  It was a rainy Thursday evening so we were promptly taken to be seated elbow to elbow with another table of two.  Considering there were other tables available, I requested a different table in which I waitress politely said she'd prepare.  When we were seated we received our water, had our bottle o' red uncorked and unpoured into small rimmed glasses that only allow you to take the smallest sips(I feel sorry for those with BIG noses!) and were verbally given the specials.  My boyfriend is hearing impaired, so he did need them to repeated, and considering it's such a loud atmosphere, they should offer the specials on paper.  Soon after we were brought some warm, grilled pita bread, which would have been tasty if it wasn't burnt on the grill, accompanied with a low quality olive oil, red wine vinegar and some herb which did nothing for the tasteless dip.  There was also some bread in the basket so I asked if they had butter, and they said they had no butter.  Okay, fine.  We ordered our appetizers, shrimp scampi and steamed mussels.  The shrimp was very fresh, yet the dish very salty.  The mussels were served in a SOUP of bland garlic broth, topped with giant slices of tomato, spinach, green pepper and onion.  Interesting to say the least.  I thought maybe music could tone down the loud atmosphere, and when I requested some be put on, I was told there was music on but the noise inside exceeded it.  There wasn't any on though because we were seated below a speaker, and would have heard atleast a faint sound at any more silent moments.  Finally we get our entrees, Fried Flounder and a Mediterranean whole white fish, which came filleted as a requested, both served with sauteed spinach and yellow rice.  The flounder was very fresh, but like our other dishes, bland.  However, my white fish was incredible.  A very rich, savory, melt-in-your-mouth goodness.  My white fish aside, the service, portions, food, prices were just good.  It's too loud, small, and nothing on the wall that is appeasing to eye.
I think next time I want some fresh fish at a BYO, I'll head a few blocks down and try to get a table at Little Fish.  Mmmmm.The food is fresh and delicious, I highly recommend the shrimp pil pil!! The hummus, grilled scallops and broiled tilapia are also amazing! I also love that it is a BYOB!!I go there all the time and it never disappoints.
I'd suggest going either a little on the early side or a bit later, so like 5:30 or 9. If you have a big group, this location is not the best..so take it to their No Libs location.
Usually, there is a bit of a wait, so we put in our name then took a nice stroll to get some wine and beer. By the time we made it back 17 mins later our table was patiently waiting for us.
Hummus is a must have, the pita is always so warm and fluffy. usually get the grilled octopus too, pretttyy pretty prety good. 
Other apps that cannot be missed are the meatballs...they are SooO good. 
And last night we tried the shrimp pil pil cause all these yelpers were raving about it so we went for it. it lived up to the hype.
We split the seafood combo. It wasn't bad at all. It was a nice steamed medley of everything in the sea. Probs won't get it again, and go back to my go to of the salmon.
*HOT TIP:!*&%*
Hummus, octopus, and meatballs are perfect for takout on the weekdays
,
S & PAnother great night at Dmitri's 
Shrimp Scampi - I love that slightly burnt garlicy taste and the huge Greek Salad w/ greens was so fresh and delish. So good.This little hole in the wall is the best. No liquor license but you can sit across the street at the local bar and have the hostess come over when your table is ready, What a treat. Do not miss the grilled octopus it's the best I ever had and I've had it just about everywhere. Fabulous grilled whole fish, the Pompano happens to be my favorite. And the Greek salad is wonderful also. If you love fish, the bluefish, Greek style will fit your bill. Be patient...because the wait is worth it. Enjoy!!!If you are into food and cooking, sit at the counter near the grill. (It is hot but the A/C is adequate). The whole grilled sea bass was the best I've had in years. The grilled octopus, scallops and tomato basil salad were excellent. Every dish that came by made us wish we had ordered it. At $68 for two people without drinks, it is not cheap but well worth it. I plan to return with my teenagers who are now fascinated with cooking. Otherwise it is not a place for kids.Have you ever heard the acronym K.I.S.S.?  It stands for Keep It Simple, Stupid, and I suspect this is the driving mission behind the original Dmitri's in Queen Village.
BYO and cash-only, Dmitri's gives you only straight, pure flavors in elemental preparations. Complimentary pita is charred on the grill, the scorchy lines bringing out the comfortingly homey bread's aroma and fluffy bite.  A generous portion of chopped octopus tentacles swims in lemon and olive oil, tenderized by double cooking.  A new menu item, spinach pie, was delivered to the table piping hot, steam escaping from its flaky onion, spinach and feta-lavished layers. 
If you need fancy preparations and upscale atmosphere, this is not the place for you.  If you love a great deal on tasty, healthy food and enjoy pairing your own wine or beer to save mad ducats, take a date here and exploit the footsie potential of your cozy nook.Another amazing BYOB spot in Philly. Le sigh.
We ordered a few plates and shared for an hour long frenzy of lip-smacking, pita-dipping, appreciative-groaning good times.
The Grilled Octopus- VERY generous portion for $12. Whatever it was marinated in was so so tasty. The meat may have been slightly overcooked as it was a bit chewy, but my dear Dmitri's veteran friend assured us that it is usually more succulent. Still delicious.
The Shrimp Scampi- Ahhhh! Scary good. This was my favorite of everything we sampled. After the shrimp was gone, the extra oil/sauce was quickly obliterated by pita bread.
The Fried Scallops- HUGE scallops! So silky, juicy, lightly fried. Just delicious.
Chicken Kabob- Yummy yummy, juicy chunks of chicken that I unceremoniously slathered in tzatziki. Mmm, so much dill.
The service was great as well. Our waitress was friendly and prompt. She immediately corked our wine and asked if we'd like our bottle of white to be kept in the fridge. By the time we finished it was almost closing time, so she sent us away with a few loaves of bread. Ace!
*Cash only!Was really impressed by Dmitri's.  Sometimes simple is best.  Dmitri's does simple very well.  Dmitri's does seafood well.
A good amount of the reviews talked about the Grilled Octopus ($12) here and those folks did not lie.  That is an amazing dish.  Along with that we got a plate of Hummus and Baba Ganoush ($7.50), the Citrus Salad ($8.50), Mussels Saute ($12) and Seafood Fettuccine ($15).  This is definitely a good place to order a bunch of dishes and share.  That is exactly what this group of 3 did.
The salad came out first.  Needed more avocado, but the slices of orange and grapefruit were a nice touch. Next up the hummus and baba ganoush with bread and pita triangles.  The baba ganoush was especially good.  Might be the best I have had in a long time.
From there we went more into the entree section of our meal.  The octopus and mussels come from the "Little Dishes" section of their menu.  Not large, but not small by any means.  The mussels were a bit on the dry side, but that didn't seem to take away from the dish much.  The dark horse here (not really a dark horse as a few of the reviews I read highlighted this dish) was the grilled octopus.  I could eat this dish forever and ever and ever.  It is that good.  I couldn't even tell you what kind of sauce this was.  It was very light.  Possibly just some white wine and lemon and some garlic.  Nothing crazy.  Doesn't take away from the taste of what you are actually eating.  Sometimes places go crazy with their sauces and you lose all the flavor of what you are eating.  Not here.
For the main main course we had the Seafood Fettuccine.  Fettuccine in a garlic and white wine broth (I think) with mussels, clams and shrimp.  Again, very simple but oh so good.
Dmitri's seems to be a local Philadelphia chain.  There are 2 others scattered around town.  That certainly shouldn't dissuade you from coming here.  If you sit at the bar area you can watch them make the seafood right in front of you.  The action is right in front of you and the smells are just amazing.  Seems like they've been doing this for years.  Seems like they will be doing it for quite a few more.My seafood fettucini was excellent. The escarole and rice sides were bland--and this is coming from an Italian girl who loves escarole. I think my expectations were just really high because I've only heard amazing things about this place. I would be willing to give them another try, especially considering they're super close to me and a BYOB.TLDR: wouldn't recommend take out or the kabobs, not a great experience with either.
I decided to try this place as take out after seeing that it fills up quick to dine-in. Just wanted something easy and requested the Greek salad with greens and grilled chicken. She told me they can't add grilled chicken to the salad (weird, but ok?) but she'd put on a side of kabobs.
I showed up and found out my side of kabobs was $14 ($4 less than the platter, so I'm assuming they deducted for not including the sides?). I was surprised... I expected a side to be smaller and definitely less expensive.
The kabobs weren't great (Not worth the $14+tax) but the salad was good.
Ultimately I was most put off by the fact that my take out was not rung up anywhere but just told to another server who then pulled out a wad of cash and gave me incorrect change. I realized after having been home for an hour or so, she must've too, because when I called back she knew who I was and told me she'd be happy to give me my remaining change. She also apologized that I was confused about the way overpriced side of kabobs. It was nice that they fixed the mistake and gave me my correct change but overall that was enough of an unpleasant experience that I won't be back.My favorite BYOB in Philly! I must have eaten here 20 times now. It's unpretentious and just perfect. I hope they never change a thing. 
Favorites: grilled octopus, pil pil shrimp, soft shell crab, grilled whole fish, bluefish with pasta, almond cake, and really anything else on the menu.Update:  Mediterranean plate and fried flounder are still amazing !  One of my favorite spots.The 4 star rating is soley based on the food. We ordered the shrimp pil pil and grilled octopus appetizers, then split the whole grilled sea bass. The shrimp pil pil is a dish of shrimp lightly dusted in flour then cooked in a cherry pepper and garlic paste. In general, I find it blasphemy to coat seafood and fry it, but this shrimp was an exception. It has a nice crispy crunch on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside and smothered in a delicious, flavorful paste. This is not a dish for those who do not like garlic.
The grilled octopus was exactly what you would imagine. Fresh octopus grilled and served in a lemony light sauce. Sauce might be stretching it, as it was more of a clear broth. Anyway, it was pretty good but I still preferred the shrimp pil pil. (Note: I recently had the octopus dish at LIttle FIsh so with such an outstanding dish in recent memory, it is not surprising that Dmitri's octopus would pale in comparison.)
For the entree, we had the grilled sea bass. I love whole fish. The fish was cooked perfectly and presented beautifully. The rice and escarole sides were unmemorable, just as other reviewers commented.
Finally, the pita bread they served was delicious. I loved the taste of the smoky grill on the bread, although I have to admit the interior tasted almost gummy like it was just a minute or 2 undercooked (underbaked?). The "baguette" should not even be served at all. It tasted like mediocre italiam bread in the shape of a baguette.
Even though my review and rating was supposed to be solely based on the food, I feel I should comment on the atmosphere. My recommendation is to avoid this place on a busy night. You are crowded into tables so it feels like communal seating and it is so loud you can barely have a decent conversation without yelling. Despite the less than ideal atmosphere, the food is still worth it.I've been going to this place says Iversen play for the 76ers. A friend and I were looking for somewhere to eat before a game and from that point I was hooked. The cooks there or just so consistent with the Dishes.  The food still taste the same from the first time I went.  Everyone I take here returns on their own.  Great food, Ambience and staffAuthentic Mediterranean food that always tastes fresh. You can't go wrong with a BYOB & great food. The place is tiny & doesn't take reservations but worth the wait if a wait happens.We went for a birthday and ordered the octopus, shrimp pil pil, tomato & mozzarella salad. They were all amazing. Honestly way more delightful then our main meal. 
Then we put in an order for the seafood combo - I was shocked that this was in broth and served with rice. No flavor to the broth. It was awful. I wish the servers would have actually told us how it was prepared or at least that it was in ... soup?
Also, the seafood fettuccini.... we all had honestly thought it would be seafood in fettuccini Alfredo style sauce. Once again, not soup. It was gross. We both picked out the main fish and threw it out. 
However, the Appetizers were to die for. I will give this another shot and specify I would like to not have a fish with broth in it........The. Best. Scallops. EVER.
The BF and I shared the Grilled Scallops entree, a side of grilled veggies, and a small plate of Grilled Octopus. The Grilled Scallops were AMAZING and the grilled veggies was really good too. 
I'm not sure why everyone's so excited over the Grilled Octopus. I've had octopus lots, but for some reason, the grilled octopus here just kind of taste like chicken. 
I heard the line gets long, so we got there at 5pm and people were already waiting outside!I'm not a big fan of non-salmon colored fish, but when I feel a craving for something different, Dmitri's immediately comes to mind.  This is probably the best place for Mediterranean seafood in all of Philadelphia, and perhaps an even better testament of their culinary prowess is that every time I go, I find myself downing their bluefish so fast that I feel like hurling.  Yes, it's that good.
Elbow room is a luxury here, but you'll deal with it.  Service is pretty friendly, and you can choose between a normal table or a seat near the cooking action.  Dmitri's does not take reservations, however, and the lines are always long, so it is best advised to go during non-peak hours (around 5 PM, or after 9 PM).
My one major gripe is with the olive oil provided on the tables.  There is a dish of olive oil on every table, and this same dish is used for different groups of patrons.  Maybe I'm just being picky, but for food this good, I would expect them to be less tacky in this area, and a lot more hygienic.
FOOD:       %%%%1/2
SERVICE: %%%%
DECOR:    %%1/2
VALUE:      %%%%1/2
------------------------------
OVERALL: %%%%
(out of %%%%%)
%%%%% = Must Try!
%%%% = Pretty Good
%%% = Average
%% = Not So Great
% = Hall of ShameIf you don't mind sitting on top of one another, some of the best seafood in townQueen Vs. Fitler
Though Dmitri's Fitler Square location is much more spacious and inviting, I think the Queen Village digs are the way to go.
First of all, they give you bread AND grilled pita when you arrive. Fitler Square just offers bread. Second, their rice is NOTICEABLY less mushy and more flavorful. I actually wanted to eat it this time.
I thought it was odd that there was one less scallop on my plate than when I ordered the same entree at Fitler Square, but it's alright. 
For a date- go to Queen Village. For a family gathering- take it to the Square.Consistently very good food, great small plate choices.  Parking in the area is a pain, but worth it.I really can't think of a bad thing to say about Dmitri's. We had the Spinach Pie, Bluefish Greek Style, and the Steamed Seafood Combo.
The pita was fresh and light and the oil was flavorful. The bread was dense and chewy. 
The spinach pie was delicious, though I am not crazy about the bit of dill they had in there...but that's just personal taste.
My boyfriend's blue fish..I would describe as a robust flavor with those green peppers and onions.
My seafood combo was awesomely delicious. The fish was perfectly cooked and firm, I thought the squid was super, and there were plenty of clams, mussels, and shrimp floating around in a light, spicy tomato broth. I didn't care for the rice side dish but the greens were fantastic and really complimented the seafood well.
What else is there to say? Well, the water was cold and wet and was refilled frequently, and the portions were generous. The small corner restaurant has large windows facing 3rd street and is full of tiny marble tables, well suited for 2 or 4 diners. There is a grill with a bar right in the front, though we sat in the back.
A more satisfying meal would be hard to find, and at 8pm on a Sunday night, the restaurant was a couple tables short of full and we were seated right away. You must go here!I feel like Dmitri's doesn't get nearly enough props. Back in the late 90s when Philly was a relative food wasteland, Dmitri's was the hot young thing.  But now that the city has exploded with BYOBs, Dmitri's doesn't seem to turn as many heads. But do not overlook this reliable little gem. 
I love so many things on the menu, it's hard to pick what to rave about. The grilled octopus, the sautéed mussels, the seafood combo, and so on and so on. The shrimp pil pil is probably one of my favorite things I have ever tasted.  It's vegetarian-friendly, too! There are plenty of options from hummus and baba ghanoush to grilled vegetables, snap peas with feta, and escarole pasta.
I was marveling with a friend of mine who is a chef how they do so much here with a few ingredients: olive oil, lemon, parsley, garlic.  And everything is delightful.   
Even the sides that come with each entrée, rice and escarole, which used to seem sort of boring to me, have this homey vibe to them that's like eating your mother's cooking after a long absence. 
The other thing is how reasonably priced it is. You feel like you're on a nice date, but you could afford to eat here every week (or multiple times, really). 
My only complaint about this place is it can get super loud when it's crowded. But don't let that deter you. You'll be too busy enjoying your food to notice. 
Tips: Get there early--or late--to avoid the dinner rush.Food is fresh and simple, but personally I would never wait to be seated. It's average good. It's a cute and convenient neighborhood spot, but the servers need an etiquette lesson. Lots of reaching over you and clumsy handling of plates, I was envisioning oil spilling all over us as they cleared the plates. They are not attentive at all, it's not deliberate, I just don't think they've been trained properly. For instance, they bring 3 napkins when there are 4 of you. They clear the plates and place your cutlery on the dirty table instead of asking if you'd like a clean set, they'll ask if you'd like dessert, but they don't offer you coffee. They do the minimum required in a clumsy fashion and it's rather disappointing. 
Owners/Managers - a little training goes a long way. This is basic restaurant protocol that enhances the dining experience and brings back business.Solid BYO.  Always a favorite.  This is my go-to hot spot for quick delicious affordable seafood in QV.  I am always most satisfied treating it like a tapas style restaurant.  Its great for a couple or a double date.  I order the scampi or the pil pil, the fried calamari and dip each piece in the feta arrabiata sauce that comes with the oh-so-wonderful sweet al dente snap peas.  I start the meal off with the greek salad and end it with a rice pudding.  Always leave with a smile.  Its loud and sometimes rushed but if you're looking for a delicious seafood treat its fantastic.  Octopus is nice too as is the ciopino.  I would order more entrees but I'm not a rice or escarole fan so its simply not worth it.  The portions have gotten smaller and the prices seem to be creeping up but I get it...the market is struggling.  Every bite is still worth it!  (Keeping it a BYO helps the pocketbook).  LOVE DMITRISIf you like fresh seafood with simple, clean preparations Dmitri's is your place. The prices may seem a little expensive, but the portions are quite large, especially for seafood.
We started with the hummus followed by the greek salad with greens. Both were big enough for 3-4 people. My husband had the grilled scallops, which are good if you like an intense char. I had the seafood fettucine, which included an abundance of clams, mussels and shrimp in a savory broth. We probably could have shared an entree there was so much food (see my pics).
For 2, our bill came out to $60 including tip. A steal in my opinion considering we ordered more than enough. Next time, I'll take Tony N.'s advice and sit at the counter for dinner and a show.
*BYOB & CASH ONLYThis place is top three best spots I've eaten at in philly! The shrimp scampi is unreal! I never order shrimp out, but this is some quality shit.  If you're looking for a quality byo.. Look no further than this joint.Omg! Delish! Had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. Luckily, there was a bar across the street. Though tiny & crowded, very good food. Can't wait to return.I was super excited to finally try Dmitri's-- we had the hummus to start and I have to say it was very lack luster and I thought it would have been great.  The greek salad was great as well as my shrimp scampi, but everyone else's entrees left something to be desired .  
I will definitely give it another try, but we were certainly disappointed after hearing so many wonderful things.Excellent service! Wonderful location/atmosphere! Delicious food! BUT...$8 hummus or baba ganouj with NO pita bread? (They charge $1.50 per basket and you probably need 3 baskets to finish the plate of hummus.) Seems like a pretty silly policy, to me...am I really going to eat a plate of hummus with a spoon and no bread?OMG I am addicted to their Grilled Octopus appetizer!!!! And the tomato mozz salad AND the shrimp pil pil! So incredible. 
Minus one point bc it's cash only - but five stars otherwise.Food OK. Service, wanting. Atmosphere is all right -- if you like dining on an airport tarmac. (Noise level would deafen the deaf!). Prices just about right. Though I didn't appreciate the sparkling water scam: Small bottles ONLY, so you have to buy multiple bottles so as to jack up the overall price. Go late when the crowds thing. Jeez, we were there for 5:30 opening (our dinner companions are Americans transplanted from the Midwest, you see), and the place was already jammed. -- Hotspur for The PJ.This place is one of my favorite restaurants hand down! Great food and BYOB! Can't go wrong with that! Makes the bill so much cheaper! I love everything on the menu! It's kind of small in there so groups of 6 or more will definitely be cramped! The only reason why I didn't give this place 6 stars is because the parking SUCKS, which I understand is out of their control but I also think the waitresses could be nicerDefinitely going back!  We were going to try out Hostaria down the block but it was closed for some reason so we took our two bottles of wine here.  They only take cash, which is annoying, but the food is DELICIOUS and you get a huge portion.  Well done!Oh Dmitris, how I love you. Let me count the ways. There are so many. You are amazing. 
Dmitris is a SMALL BYOB that does not take reservations or credit cards, so be warned. As one of those annoying people who never has cash (Why yes, I would like to pay for this 99 cent pack of gum with my card!) I'm not thrilled with this policy, but remembering to hit up the ATM is a price I'm willing to pay if it means I get to eat at Dmitris. And there's no corkage fee or judgement when you roll up with a group and each of you has their own bottle of wine. Cheers!
The restaurant is small but never really feels super tight or crowded, even if it is a packed house, and there's always an interesting mix of people here - couples on first dates, kids, people dressed up, people wearing gym clothes...no matter what the occasion, Dmitris can handle it - Let's celebrate Tuesday! The kitchen is open, which I always think is a cool touch, and it's always nice to see how fresh your food is. Because, it's like, super fresh. 
I basically get the same thing every time I come here - spanikopita, hummus and the tomato and mozzarella salad (which, for some reason, is always called a Special, yet they always offer it. Strange). My boyfriend is a loyal devotee - ok, obssessive fan - of the baba, hummus, and shrimp scampi. All the dishes are just fabulous, and huge portions. We always end up packing up leftovers, although depending on how much damage we've done on our wine, sometimes we forget to actually take them home with us. The pita here is amazing, and they make this awesome olive oil/herby dipping stuff that I could drink. That would be inappropriate, but it is just that good. 
The waitresses kind of work as a team, which sometimes I don't love, but they manage to pull it off here. They are all incredibly nice and never seem to be flustered or overwhelmed, even though there's always a lot going on. 
It should be noted that it's 10:00am and I'm ready to go get some hummus! Ugh, thanks Dmitris.Went to the smaller Dmitri's in Queen's village with my boyfriend for his birthday. It was still early, and there were plenty of seats, but the waitress tried to sit us elbow to elbow at some table where other people were already sitting. Mind you, the bar area was completely EMPTY! So, we told her we didn't wanna sit next to people and were finally able to get a seat at the bar. Waitress was kind of snoody as well, which kind of ruined our initial vibe. Oysters were WAAAYY too salty and they didn't even offer the spicy shrimp special! I recommend the Dmitri's on 23rd and Pine 100x over this little craphole!!!The food was outstanding as it has been for around 20 years. The seafood was perfect tender and fresh. The lamb Delicious, tender and cooked to perfection. Same for the deserts and appetizers! But the service unfortunately doesn't hold the same magical appeal. It was a special occasion and the servers ruined it!!! They're rude, and have a air as though your doing them a favor by coming in!!!! Heaven forbid you try to strike up a short conversation they just stare at you!! Is this the new of in the Queens village area? Serving style aka alien abducted style!! Ohhhh wait it just hit me it's the hipster style/cool to be rude and stand offish. At least the food rocked and my families Italian so not much can ruin a night out for us!Random dinner with two other people and hour before they close - sorry! but oh was it so good! From the no wait time till the great service! Hard to believe this small BYOB can deliver such flavorful food! :) Not sure why the AC was on which made it slightly colder. 
Pros:
Grilled octopus was delicious! tender and zesty with powerful flavors. 
Shrimp Pil Pil was awesome - my favorite small dish that night! its cooled with some garlic and pepper flakes but it doesn't taste spicy at all
Baked fish of the day was delicious. I also ordered the baked talapia but that wasn't nearly as good. 
There really wasn't a horrible dish though, so this is definitely on my list to come back and try some more entrees. 
The place has a old diner type feel too it, so it's a bit cozy. You can actually see the chefs work their magic behind the counter right out front, which is always a plus. It's not a really big place, so parties of 6 or more be warned!If I had to choose one perfect food in this world it would be the grilled octopus at the original location on 3rd St.  The texture of the octopus, the smokiness from the grill, the good olive oil, red wine vinagar, and  a bit of parsley...  
Go there, bring cash and wine, eat lots of octopus, some salad and a whole grilled fish.Right across from the New Wave Cafe, you would never expect this small little place to dish out their accolade-ridden dishes.
It is simply, though. If you like fish, you will love Dimitri's. Do not miss their calamari.
Oh, and because it's a small place with the kitchen right next to you, I would recommend not taking a first (or romantic) date here.Ignore everyone who gave this less than 5 stars. They must hate great food. This is by far some of the best food I've had in Philadelphia, let alone Greek food.  Every place you thought was a 10, well they go to 11.  It's now our favorite place. Hummus is spectacular, shrimp pil pil was just flavorful and tender, pan fried scallops cooked to perfection, meatballs just delicious beyond belief and rice pudding to die for. Better yet, it's a BYOB that doesn't break the bank.  Friendly staff as well.
Update - went there a second time and just as delicious as the first. Our only regret is that we waited this long to try.  11 starsWe LOVE eating at Dmitiri's. We ALWAYS go early & get a seat at the open kitchen bar... otherwise it gets REALLY crowded & you get stuck sitting close to "strangers"!  When you sit at the bar you get a meal AND a show. The guys cooking are fun to watch. We LOVE the grilled ocotpus & the new shrimp dish on the menu. Also a fan of the grilled veggies 7 hummus with fresh grilled pita bread. We rarely order entrees b/c it is just way too much food. We usually order 3 or 4 appetizers between the 2 of us & always have leftovers. We also LOVE that it is BYOB.
The servers are always super cool.Best Greek food in the city, hands down.  This place prides itself on simply prepared but fresh dishes.  My boyfriend and I normally get a bunch of their appetizers and share them.  Our favorites are the grilled octopus, grilled veggies, spanakopita, and the baba ghanoush.  Four appetizers is usually more than enough to feed both of us (and we're hungry people).  
We did end up getting entrees once, and they were also delicious.  The seafood stew had more sea life than I've ever seen in a single dish:  mussels, clams, scallops, shrimp, and squid in a nice tomato broth.  
If you're on the fence about this one, just try it.  It's small and cramped but that adds to the intimacy of it all.  Plus, you can watch the cooks making everything right there in the heart of the restaurant.Just a straightforward great neighborhood place to check out.  No frills, tight, often busy BYO.  Nothing wrong with any of this.
Pil pil shrimp are awesome - spicy, garlicky, addicting.  Octopus is served as heaps of tentacles rather than the sparse portion you get elsewhere (for more money, too) and fried smelts are a great dish to share along with everything else.  Not much else to say except...go!OK, I''m doin' it.
I am giving this mom 'n pop, cash only BYO the full 5 stars - based on that 5 star food.
Simple, fresh flavors - like a party in your mouth.
Yes - it's cramped and close quarters.  And there's a sign on the back kitchen door that says, "Beware Attack Waitress" and they are not kidding - those ladies can work it!  Yes - there are 3 terrific Laotian cooks, grilling up greek fish.  And it somehow all just works.
Perfectly.
A close friend and I (tip - do not come with an odd number of people - a single gets stuck at the counter, and a 3 will be forced to do a deuce with an extra chair) ate dinner here.  We split everything and ordered just right.
Mozzarella & Tomato salad was delicious, fresh, easy to eat and cut up home-style.  Perfectly seasoned.  Baba (no Ghanoush - ha, ha!) was some of the BEST I've ever had, bursting with charred eggplant flavor, olive-y richness and fresh garlic zing.  Not too oily.  Just AWE inspiring. (Great with that char-grilled pita.)
Next came a perfect Scampi (or Gambas if you were in Spain) with an abundance of fruity olive oil, garlic  and paprika.  Delish.  (Dip some of that pita in the oil when nobody is looking!)  And they are not skimpy with the shrimpies.  We had at least a dozen.
And a platter of grilled veggies - mostly Zucchini and Green Bell Peppers, but also a few red onions, pepperocini & olives.  It also had 2 BIG hunks of fresh (bulgarian or greek??) feta. I would have liked to see some RED peppers and EGGPLANT in there.
Drinks & Desserts are mothing to speak of here - and I coulda used a nice Lemonade - but the house brewed iced tea (in a teeny tiny glass) was good.  I had 2 of 'em.
I can easily seeing just giving this place 4 stars - it is NOT fine dining and there were a few service related flaws, but for pure, simple Greek/Med cuisine (and perhaps the East Coast's BEST BABA) I give them 5.
And I can't wait to go back.
And I kinda want to try the other location on 22nd Street, too.Aways delicious. Pop in weekly and have a great meal with friendly waitresses.A long time favorite of mine I have been going there for years and years now and never a bad experience yet. 
They have simply prepared great Greek fish and seafood. If you can brave the noise from the other customers and the open kitchen you will enjoy a great meal. 
I love the fried Calamari - the best I've had ever. Grilled octopus is very good also. Blue fish Greek style is nice and very moist, I always try to go for the specials which are fresh and tasty - when the flounder is on the menu get it - same for the soft shell crabs and any kind of grilled whole fish. 
I like the smaller dishes too - the peas are very refreshing, the humus and baba are great - I usually ask them to make a dish of half and half. 
If you have room at the end of the meal - try the rice pudding. 
It's a fairly small place - there are no reservations. There is often a wait - but you can go across the street and have a drink after you put your name on the list and they will call you. I try to get there towards the end of the evening - it gets more quiet and there is less of a wait.This is one of my wifes favorite resturants in Philly.  when it comes to resturants, the hardest thing might be finding one that serves food simply, allowing the natural flavors of the food to come out.  I believe that Dimitri's has managed to do this well.  
My favorite is the grilled octopus.  It can get crouded, and tight.  Bring a bottle of wine (or two) and get your name on the list.  This place is about quality food, cooked simply.  
A great summer resturant.
P.S. don't forget to bring cash.Five stars for the food. One star for the service. 
Absolutely do not ever, ever go to this restaurant if you have a larger party than 4. Six people and four people all get the same space arrangement: two small tables pushed together. They will refuse to allow three tables to be put together and they will insist that 3 people sit on each side and not allow two people to sit at the ends. 
They will not seat you if you don't have everyone ready. They don't split checks and they only accept cash.They don't let you order in stages and will force you to pile all 14 plates onto the small space they have condescended to give you. 
But once you start eating, you want to forgive them for every service sin. The food here is absolutely amazing. It's simple but everything has an incredibly bold, vivid flavor profile. The portions are more than generous and I strongly advise against ordering one dish per person because there will be too much food left over. 
We had two orders of the hummus, it's a very creamy, nutty texture. They serve it cold, it was obviously pre-plated and kept in the fridge, but still went wonderfully with the warm house pita bread. Between six carb-loving girls, we emptied the single basket of pita triangles 3 times and had to ask each and every time for a refill. 
I had a plate of the grilled octopus which was amazingly tender and not at all fishy. The texture was unlike any other seafood, it was more like chicken. I would strongly recommend this for those that generally avoid fish dishes. A few pieces were charred and crispy which I personally enjoyed.
My friends had a variety of salads including the Avocado citrus salad, as well as an order of the scallops and spinach pie. I shamelessly stole bites across the table. 
The avocado citrus salad is gorgeous with glistening slices of peeled grapefruit and orange. I really enjoyed the spinach pie because it was composed almost entirely of spinach with a flaky crust and the cheese was only sprinkled throughout. It didn't feel heavy or greasy at all. But the scallops. The scallops were king. They come in a thin coating of breadcrumbs and melt on your tongue. You barely have to touch your fork to them before they flake off into succulent bites. I would do a lot of things to eat those scallops again.
We ordered such a huge variety of dishes that the waitress actually missed one, a small plate of the beets. It never came out which was probably a good thing for our stomachs but when the bill came, they didn't include an item-by-item list so we had no way of checking if they charged us for the beets or not. 
Of course, it took us a long time to work through the meal and we tipped over the mandatory 18% they already charged us on the bill but we were still standing around the table and pulling our coats on when they started clearing our dishes away. Even before that, a series of 3 different waitresses came by to ask us if we wanted things to go.
I've never been so torn about a restaurant before. I loved the food but is it worth the experience? If you factor in the price point, I think my answer is going to have to be no.Loved this place, although it is probably one of the most cramped seating arrangement ever.  
Get the grilled octopus, fantastic, along with the warm pitas, with hummus.
The wait is long, but there is a nice bar across the street you can wait in, and the hostess will come and get you.
Miss this place a lotAfter going to the one on 2nd and finding the air conditioning was broke and it smelled like a fish market we located this one assuming the  food would be the same. WRONG! Service was unfriendly and nearly threw the hummus on the table at us. While sitting outside around 9:30 at night I was told I couldn't smoke  however had to eat among peoples dogs sitting around me. The hummus was the most bland Ive ever had and we added salt, pepper and even hot sauce to try and make it better. My SO had linguine with fresh plum tomato sauce again lacked any spice or flavor. The only reason this place gets 2 stars is for the shrimp pil pil and the lamb meatballs which were both done very well. No sides come with the shrimp or pasta, everything is a la carte. Rude service, less then average food for over an hour wait. I would never come back.Grilled Octopus is a must and keeps me coming back to Dmitri's. It's tender, has that grilled flavor with a light dressing and fresh herbs, and the portions is generous. The atmosphere is intimate, a hidden jewel tucked away in queen village. You can't go wrong with any of appetizers: hummus, meatballs, olives and feta are my favorites. The Whole Fish entree is a must.BYOB and come early or wait. this place is very small and always packed. our service was excellent and my grilled octopus was amazing. i had no complaint and will be back soon.I came here with my siblings (brother's treat, yay), and was a little nervous since we just picked this restaurant randomly while walking by the piazza. But I'm glad we stopped by here. It seems like a really cute BYOB place.
The shrimp pil pil was great, and the mussels was out of this world.. I sopped up all the jus with the bread they gave me and drank it down. Service was good, I had no problems, and they didn't seem bothered when I asked them to redo the grilled octopus.
Which brings me to the things I didn't like about Dmitri's.
The grilled octopus was so chewy and gross, I couldn't get past the texture, and neither could my siblings. I thought it was overpriced for the shrimp pil pil for the amount they gave as well.
Overall, it was a great meal. I'd just avoid the grilled octopus and bring a bottle of wine next time.Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants anywhere!  It's byob which makes it great to start... they don't take reservations but you can put your name down and go over to the New Wave Cafe across the street and grab a drink and someone will come over and get you which is also awesome!  The food is delicious and fairly priced.
The grilled octopus is amazing!  I'm one of those people who don't like my octopus real chewy and natural like some seafood lovers do so the grilled octopus here works great for me!  The mussels in the white sauce are also amongst the best I've had anywhere.  I'd probably say that Melograno does it better than they do but other than that, I can't really think of another place I've had better at in Philly.  The Hummus here is great and also amongst the best I've had in Philly.  The food is just really done well... nothing really fancy, just simple cooking that hits the spot!One of the few places that I would give 5 stars. I have made it a tradition to celebrate my birthday at Dmitri's. Pick up a nice bottle of wine, get the grilled octopus and oysters. All the fish on the menu that we have tried are superirro. The pan-fried flounder -- I swear they put the breading on with a laser beam; it's so thin and perfect. Noisy, boisterous and cramped -- I wouldn't have it any other way.
 What always amazes me that the chef staff is all asian, cooking Mediterranean food.Now that we have moved here and found an apartment just a couple of blocks away, d'Mitris is our default go to place for dinner. Food is consistently good. Service is friendly and efficient. It can get crowded and loud on the weekends. 
Solid four star for sure.Absolutely love this place. The food and staff are wonderful and never disappoint. I've bn coming to this location for years eat in or take out. 
After a horrible and very disappointing experience at the 2nd st location, Danielle was very accommodating and took the time apologize for the experience (despite it not being her fault or same location).  Nikki our waitress was also awesome in the service she provided. This places never disappointsThree of us came here for Friday night dinner after reading positive reviews and a trusted friend said this was authentic Greek food. One of our party is a Greek native. Also, we liked the BYOB idea. 
Disappointing experience overall. From the rude staff, to the impossibly noisy space to the inauthentic 'Greek'  food, we were sorry we came. We ordered multiple plates of starters to share. The avocado citrus salad was romaine lettuce smothered in slivered almonds atop five grapefruit slices with 2 tiny mushy avocado slices hidden underneath. No flavor dressing, no hint of lime,Wonderful, not-too-expensive seafood. Delicious, actually. It's BYOB, so you should have some expectations about atmosphere - knowing also that it's a small space. 
Staff was excellent. I noticed that whenever our waitress checked on us, she quickly mopped up my clumsy wine pours. It's the subtle things that set great service apart. 
Shrimp Scampi might have been the best shrimp I've ever tasted.Possibly the best meal I've had this year was at this little gem.  Our party of four accidentally arrived before the restaurant opened, but when they did there were already enough people waiting outside to fill every seat.  We wanted to try almost everything, so ordered several apps and entrees to share.  Our food came out at a good rate, we were never waiting between courses or had more plates than could fit on the table.  And the food. Was. Just. Wow.  Pita bread, shrimp pil-pil, and soft shell crab were the stars of the evening, but everything was good.  My only regret was being too full for dessert.  The place got a bit loud and they don't encourage lounging around with a line out the door, but if you come with an appetite, a couple bottles of wine, and talkative company you'll be sure to have a great time!Met with a friend who works at Jefferson's Hosptial and he recommended this place for my fiancée birthday. 
First and foremost, parking was a bitch. Took us about 25 minutes to find a parking spot, very typical for this area of Philadelphia. So plan ahead. While speaking of plan ahead, it's a cash only venue.
The restaurant itself is very small and intimate. We had high table in front for 3 people. It was a small table and with a few condiments on there, it took up a majority of the space.
I really enjoyed the complimentary grilled pita bread and oil. 
I ordered the Shrimp Pil Pil ($17), it's lightly breaded shrimp with a garlic and chili sauce on top. It's very garlicky with a kick! The portion came very generously with about a dozen shrimp .  It was overly salty for my taste bud. The shrimp was crunchy and hard, each was a little inconsistent.
For my main course, I had a the steam seafood which I was told that it's just a bouillabaisse with mussels, clams, tilapia, scallop, and shrimp. The portion is huge and it comes with a side of rice and steam escarole. The food reminds me someone little grandma cooking's. It was okay, the flavor was good but again a little heavy on the salt.My first time eating here and it was delicious! There was bit of a wait and it was cold that night, so that was not fun! We decided to order a few appetizers and entrees to share for the four of us. There are lot of suggestions to try the octopus. It was very tender and we gobbled it up. The sautéed mussels were also a favorite. Everything else was pretty good except for the chicken kabobs, they were really dry. Def a plus because its a BYOB. I wish they had more space but regardless I would def come back.Pretty much echoing everyone else, I realize:
- The grilled octopus rules
- Whatever variant on "mixed grilled vegetables" is on the menu that day must be ordered
- Cash only
- Enjoy your wait for a table across the street at New Wave Cafe.Consistently great food. Good for vegetarians and vegans (not a ton of options, but what they have is SO good). The hummus is my favorite in the city and the beets are amazing. There's a great snap pea dish with tomato sauce that can be vegan-ized by getting it without feta. Also a really good citrus salad with grapefruit & avocado. Yum!Yes, it's tiny, cramped, and noisy.  Yes, *some* of the waitresses make you feel like you're an inconvenience.  Yes, you may wait 2 hours to be seated.  But going to this place, you should know what you're in for as far as that's concerned, and just be ready to enjoy some killer seafood, simple and fast, without the fluff.
They love their grill here, and that starts right off with the bread basket.  Skip the uninventive white loaf and go straight for the pita with olive oil (which could use a little seasoning, but I just add s & p to the little dish and it's fine by me).
The grilled octopus is also a standby appy.  Some might find it lacking in seasoning, but, like most of the seafood here, I find it to be so fresh and high in quality that I prefer them to let the natural flavors speak for themselves.  Also as a starter, the avocado citrus salad is out of this world, with huge gorgeous slices of avocado, fresh fruits, and a light vinaigrette.
The grilled scallops are so succulent and sweet that, once again, they need little more accompaniment than some lemon.  The entree sides are the same across the board, escarole and rice, which are pretty ho-hum, but are really just plate decoration anyway if you truly came there for the seafood.  They also serve an impressive seasonal whole fish, which you can have delivered to your table either pre-dismantled or, for the more adventurous, looking like it just came out of the water.
To quell the waiting time, I've had the most success getting seated when arriving just as they open their doors.  Get in and out before the place gets crazy packed, and snicker at the latecomers trying in vain to secure a table while you're enjoying your seafood.  Failing that, chill at New Wave across the street - really reasonable drink prices, and you can pick up a 6-pack on the cheap if you forgot that Dmitri's was BYOB.  Not that that's happened to me...What a disappointment!  I'm not exactly sure how this place shows up on so many "Best of Philly" lists (I guess they must pay their PR people quite well).  But there's no excuse for the inflated ratings on this website... I expect better from you, Yelp Community!!
The food:  The grilled squid was heavily charred - completely overcooked and DRENCHED in lemon juice... some of the worst I've had. The "Shrimp Sauté" came out on a gigantic plate loaded up with about 2 pounds of bland rice and escarole, but only 8 tiny shrimp.  It reminded me of Chinese takeout (no disrespect to Chinese restaurants, who in general do this type of dish so much better).  The escarole pasta was just odd (it sounded odd on the menu, so I guess partly my fault for ordering it).  80% escarole to 20% anything else... I don't know how else to describe it other than a warm salad with pasta mixed in, very weird.  The Branzino was incredibly dry and flavorless - completely overcooked.  I actually liked the Spinach Pie, but I was the only one that did.  
Now, If the issues with our meal were merely technical, I'd maybe just assume the cook was having a really bad night.  But this menu lacked any hint of creativity or complexity, and was generally unimpressive in every way.  
As for the service:  Very poor.  We waited outside for nearly an hour for our table after being told that it would be a short wait.  Once we were seated the waitress was inattentive and noticeably distracted.  It was very loud in the restaurant... not uncommon for tiny BYOs, but here it just made a miserable situation even worse.  
Basically one of the worst restaurant experiences I've had in a while...Although there are a few different locations we keep coming back to the original. Where else can you put your name in with the hostess and drop off your wine , cross the street to the New Wave Cafe for a few drinks and the hostess will come for you when your table is ready.  We have been here MANY times over the years and the food has NEVER disappointed. We came here once with a party of six and the wait was very long so usually we keep it to a party of two. Its also easier to snag a table the earlier in the evening that you arrive. The menu is mostly seafood and is some of the freshest and tastiest around. We always order the octopus and ave sampled everything on the menu. Every couple of months one of us gets the hankering and we are off to 3rd & Catherine. Can't wait until our next visit.This place gets busy fairly early in the evening. I love the Greek Salad (skip the Greek with Greens - the plate is to large for the tiny tables), Baba ganouch, and their Pita - right from the stove and crispy around the edges. The appetizer size of the Calamari is out of this world. Ask for a side of red sauce for this. The scallops are incredible. If you can't get a table.. sitting at the counter is a really cool experience. You get to watch this asembly line of wait staff manage all these moving parts of the restaurant. You'll also get an ear shot of some of the wait staff bashing the customers. While the restaurant runs very efficiently, there is this air of arrogance from the wait staff that can be diasppointing. They are not there to speak to you, only to take your order, serve you food, and impatiently wait for you to leave so the next in line can have a seat. They use very little spice in all their meals. It's basic, satisfying, with no frills. Bring a bottle of white, and enjoy.Supposedly this place used to be good, and i ate here a few years ago and it was great, tonight my fish was overcooked- burnt in fact, the sides were bland- nothing i couldn't have made better and cheaper myself.I still dream of my meal here.  The shrimp pil pil was to die for.  The seasonal soft shell crab was perfect.  The mussels were amazing.  I loved the charm of this place, just remember to bring your own wine.most  love it, some hate it; i love it.
simple ingredients, fast service, great citrus salad, good escarole.
bad: uncle bens rice, not a fan...
oh yea, this is another one on my list for 'write a real review'....We've been going to Dmitri's for almost a decade, and we've loved many of our visits and introduced it to many people, but after last night we've had enough of the jerky servers, their lackluster service, and the increasingly disappointing food.
The service has always been a little cheeky, but in the past they were friendly and they did their jobs well, especially given the space and the way the tables are handled (servers plate a lot of the apps and desserts). But over the past few years the service has declined to being terse, distant, and careless. Last night we weren't asked how any of our dishes were (three were not good), and we ran out of water and bread, though the place was only about half full. We had a few problems with our plates, and the main reason we didn't say anything is that we didn't want to get into it with the server, who gave off a vibe somewhere between "please don't bother me" and "I dare you to try me". We've just had enough of it. Maybe it hasn't gotten worse, and we used to think of it like hip or whatever, and now we're too old to deal, but whatever has happened, fuck it, we don't want to deal anymore.
The food has been getting worse over the past few years as well. This time, the spinach pie (which I think they microwave to serve) was barely warm, and holy dill, it had waaay too much dill. Dill for days. Dill for dogs. The grilled octopus, which was cooked perfectly (as usual), swam in a pool of flavorless, low-grade olive oil, with barely a hint of the red wine vinegar that typically makes the dish sing. And lastly, the branzino was lying in a pool of the same shitty, flavorless olive oil. We did our best to pick around it but it was a stupid thing to do to an otherwise excellent dish. The hummus was really good--as usual--but only hitting on 1 out of 4 dishes last night, after a couple of years of wobbly food and the bullshit service, means we're done with Dmitri's. They're not the only place selling octopus and branzino.i'm not in the habit of giving poor reviews unless it's to bash some douchebag spot, in which case i'm only all too eager.
however, based upon my one visit to dmitri's last night, i'd have to say that i'm not sure i went to the same restaurant as all these other people.
too add insult to injury, my original plan was to go back to pif night at ansill which is pretty much as sure a thing as there is in this town.
i figured seafood would be a little bit lighter after the weeks gorging and i love greek food so i thought i'd try dmitri's
(i had one good meal and one laughably bad meal of crap rotisserie chicken at estia where my dad and i got the pre theater dinner before going to the kimmel center)
got the grilled octopus which was chopped into slices and precooked before getting a hit of the grill. the octopus was not fresh and this dish tasted like charred rubber bands with olive oil and lemon.
a few years ago i spent three weeks in athens and  paros with greek friends and we'd eat grilled octopus and salad every day. now i'm not so stupid to think i'd be getting anything like that, but this dish was such a bummer. (to counterpoint: the stuffed squid dish at estia was really delicious).
almost got the pasta with blue fish. 
my question: what is "bluefish"? 
answer: "its more of a fish eaters fish"
what the hell does that mean?
instead, i got the cioppino. which essentially tasted like some clams, mussels, shrimp, and a  hunk of cod overcooked in a pot of boiling water with a handful of chopped tomatos, bell peppers and onions thrown in. dreadfully overcooked not fresh seafood with nearly no flavor. what a bummer.
another counterpoint: the cioppino at mercado (for only 4 dollars more) is delicious although you might ask for the capers and olives on the side as it can get pretty salty.
also, i'm not interested in getting people in trouble but the service left a little to be desired and i had to ask for my 2/3rds full bottle of wine to be returned after it had already been stashed in the back.  there were a few other things but i'll just keep it to the food.
sigh.... i could have eaten at ansill.... :(
and little fish was just down the street too.... :(Couldn't take pictures of the food fast enough! Everything was delicious and so fresh. The restaurant is very tiny and you can't make reservations but totally worth the wait. The food is amazing! Tasted just like Greece. We got with the hummus, shrimp pil pil, meatballs, lamb, calamari, pan seared scallops. By far my favorite are the shrimp pil pil and the scallops. Get the scallops pan seared, they were perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside.  I didn't try the meatballs but they were everyone at the tables favorite dish. You cannot go wrong with whatever you order. Can't wait to go back! Don't forget it's BYOB and cash only.I would definitely go back here!  It's BYOB and has speedy service.  I think it's due to the limited space, but as long as you go at a good time before there is a long wait, you're golden.  My friend and I each got the greek salad WITH greens (if you order it without saying with greens, it's a delicious combo of cucumber, red onion, green pepper, feta, olives, and tomatoes but I like lettuce in my salads).  We also split the spanikopita, which was plenty for two and super yummy.  Our waitresses were friendly and efficient.  We sat at the bar where you get to watch the chefs prepare the food and enjoy the lively environment of the restaurant fully!Oh my! What a hidden gem this place is. Our friends live a block away and we are very jealous. This is a seafood lovers dream!
We went on a Friday night around 8:30 and it only had a couple people there. We a table of 4 got sat immediately. This is a BYOB place so we brought two bottles of wine. 
We reviewed the very simple menu and decided to get the start with the Greek salad. It was tasty and easily shareable between 4 people.
We then got the shrimp pil pil, meatballs and octopus as the appetizer. The octopus tasted like chicken! It was so good. The shrimp was slightly spicy with some sweet red pepper sauce. The meatballs were good, a little too much filling but tasty.
For the main course we got the lamb, seafood combo, bronzino fish and of course the soft shell crab special. The lamb was succulent and juicy, the fish was soft and flavorful. The seafood combo was good. It had muscles clams and tilapia. The soft shell crab was perfect. 
Our meal all in came to $156. Not bad. Most dishes are $20. Highly recommend! Bring some friends.The avocado citrus and steamed seafood were amazing and the cooks prepared the food in front of us. Definitely go on a week night when it is less crowded!I've been coming to Dmitris for years now. It was one of my first experiences with BYOBs before they became de rigueur in the restaurant scene in Philly. This place never fails to meet expectations. If you like fresh seafood that is simply prepared in a relaxed and noisy atmosphere then Dmitri's is the place for you. The menu is limited and I think they had  "small plates" kinda like tapas style before it was made famous by Jose Garces. If you like quiet restaurants with formal service and cloth napkins then I wouldn't recommend Dmitris. 
To really enjoy this place you have to expect that there will be a wait for your table sometimes 10 minutes or sometimes over an hour all dependent on what time of day and what day of the week you choose to go because they don't reservations. But if you go with this in mind and are willing to wait either on the benches outside or across the street at New Wave then you're ahead of the game. 
Whenever I eat here I always order the mussels sauteed (I think they're actually lightly floured and then pan fried), the grilled octopus, the shrimp scampi and the baba ganoush from the small plates section and then typically we'll order a platter to share. You can rarely go wrong if you choose one of the specials for the night. I also love the endless grilled pita they give you dipped in the oil that's left over from the shrimp scampi. It's garlicky goodness :) The next time you're in the mood for some fresh seafood bring your favorite bottle of wine or beer, bring a few friends and check this place out.They pack 'em in here at Dmitri's but it's worth the tight quarters and the wait; grab a drink at the bar across the street (New Wave Cafe) and the waitress will come and get you when a table opens up.
My wife and I arrived just after 9 on a Friday and ended up spending a half-hour  waiting across the street.  It's worth it though.
We ordered the grilled octopus, which seemed to be a must based on the reviews here. It was so-so..good grill flavor and swimming in olive oil & vinegar. It seemed a bit too tough and hard to cut with the dull knives...maybe it was tougher & dried out because this order was later in the night? I'll have to go back and try it again to see if it was a fluke.
The smelts were delicious...lightly dusted and fried crisp, it was like seafood french fries.  Just as good as fried anchovies at Amada.
The portions here are on the gargantuan size. My wife witnessed the table behind us received a pile of feta cheese blocks the size of a small brick. 
We split the lamb entree. Roasted, sliced and grilled, the lamb was full of char-flavor...only regret was the lack of decent knife to slice it with.  
The lamb rested on a bed of roasted peppers and was served with a cucumber-yogurt sauce that smoothed out the intense smoky flavor of the grill.  The warm olive oil drizzle greens and rice was a decent & simple side. 
See my pics of the dishes above.
Service was friendly and fast. Great night out for under $45...this is a BYOB that's cash only...and if you're ordering the lamb, make sure you BYOK...Knife!How on god's green earth to people think this place is good?! 
Okay, so I'm critical of food but I know good food. And as a former service industry employee, I would NEVER send food back, complain about service, or tip less that 20%...and I didn't...but I wish I did.
So allow me to be a little passive aggressive via Yelp.
My bf and I checked out Dmitri's on the stellar recommendation of my trusted foodie ex-roomie. Upon arrival, we were seated quickly despite a seemingly long wait potential. The decor was cozy, with an open kitchen and brick walls. Upon realizing it was a BYOB, I snuck away to grab a bottle of good beer from The Foodery nearby. Apparently the whole 20 min I was gone, a server hasn't approached my bf once...this after I told the hostess on the way out that I'd be back and he would like to order while I was gone! 
So the service was consistently bad. The server took exceedingly long to check in on us, if at all. Maybe of the two hours we were there, she checked in thrice. We were never told the specials and she didn't sound at all enthused in the food. Probably with good reason, because it sucked.
I hate to say it because we heard such good things, but service aside, Dmitri's was an overall disappointment. The baba was decent, but that and the cucumber tatziki was completely under salted. The grilled octopus that followed tasted very Sysco--double refrozen and fishy, with a gritty and chewy textures and far too much vinegar as a tenderizer. We didn't eat more than 2 bites of it thinking it was rancid and could cause food poisoning.
Next was the plum (tomato) pasta and seafood combination, essentially a mish mosh of not-so-fresh seafood, over cooked to rubberization in tomato juice. It was okay. The pasta was WAY overcooked and not at all seasoned (how does this happen at a food establishment?!). The sauce looked like it was made with canned tomatoes and a few shreds of basil...and nothing else. Again, we barely had two bites of it. Our server had cleared our app plates and never brought us new silverware or plates. We picked at the "food" before packing it up and heading home. I doubt we'll eat the leftovers. I mean, you can't really reheat overcooked spaghetti. 
The only saving graces were the decor and the sweet couple never to us that sparked up conversation. Sadly, we won't be back to Dmitri's as we both left craving ANYTHING but that. (Like seriously would have rather had McDonald's...ew. And that's sacrilegious to say as a foodie).
Maybe you guys will have better experiences but we won't waste our time, money, and tastebuds again.Terrible service, tasteless salmon, rubbery octopus, and BEWARE the 18% tip on the bill.  We went to Dmitri's on Saturday, with 3 friends (a total of 5 in the party).  Even though it was prime dinner time (~7 pm on a Saturday), the place was not even half full, so they were able to seat us immediately.  The service started out mediocre, and then got progressively worse as the wait staff rushed us through our meal.  The waitress made all the 'specials' sound uninteresting, and she took the appetizers off the table before we were finished.  When she refilled my water glass, she poured over my partner's food, so that water dripped into his food.  For appetizers, the beets were tough; the grilled octopus was so rubbery that we couldn't finish it; the mussels were bland; and the grilled vegetables were mediocre.  The hummus was good.  I ordered the salmon, and it was TERRIBLE.  It was tough, dry, and inedible.  The rice had no taste and had the texture of rice that has been sitting out too long.  My partner ordered the escarole and garlic pasta.  It was also mediocre because the escarole was overcooked and mushy, and the overwhelming flavor was of garlic.  We've been to this Dmitri's before, about a year ago, and loved it because the food and service were terrific.  In fact, the last time we were at Dmitri's, I raved about the grilled octopus.  We specifically went back to Dmitri's for the grilled octopus, but this time, the octopus was among the worst that I have ever had.  (Judging from other Yelp posts, the grilled octopus is inconsistent - sometimes good, sometimes rubbery.)  Overall, we are very sorry to see that the restaurant has gone downhill.I was here with Miss Tina last night and it was a totally different experience then the other Dmitri's and I loved every second of it. This location is BYOB and we brought a bottle of chardonnay to kick it with the yummy seafood we were about to eat. We sat right in front of the open grill at the counter and got to watch them make everything for everyone- it was hard to decide what to eat because of this and Tina actually changed her mind when she saw them make the escarole pasta! 
We started with the now standard grilled octopus, yum yum yummm. I love that they give you oil/vinegar to dip the bread in here as well. I ordered the steamed seafood this time, amazing- seriously. It was a huge bowl of tilapia, clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari and scallops in a tomato sauce that had a bit of a kick to it. It was seriously so good, however I was craving a little pasta with this- I made up for the missing carbs with bread and grilled pita. Tina got the aforementioned escarole pasta which was super yummy and our other friend ordered the calamari which was lightly fried and not greasy at all. 
I love that both locations offer totally different vibes, one for each mood. This one seems more fast paced and where you go with friends compared to the more mood lighting arena in center city.Citing a craving for hummus as my number one push to go here last evening, my husband caved. He wanted to go to Chick's, but I wanted Greek, so we accommodated both desires with small plates (him) and Greek (me!) Dmitri's menu is the same as their other locales, but the ambience at the Queen Village location is more reminiscent of Audrey Claire. Airy, open kitchen, teeny, big windows. Our server was delightful and the shrimp pil pil knocked it out of the park. I think 4-5 small plates could easily satisfy a couple. There is no need to order the larger plates!Dmitri's restaurant is honestly one of the reasons I was so excited to be moving back to Philly.  I've been to the Queen Village location dozens of times and into the Pine Street spot once.  The food is excellent, on point, fresh and healthy.  I've had practically everything on the menu- perfect if you are a fish and seafood lover. The fried calamari is some of the best I've ever had.  I love the shrimp scampi and the shrimp pil-pil is a must try- shrimp and spicy hot peppers. My mouth is watering as I think of them... you could feast on the apps alone, which I would recommend.  The greek salad is great, the mozzarella tomato salad is usually offered in the summer and is also delicious. Other standouts include the beets, the hummus and the baba, the steamers and the red mussels. Everything is served with hot grilled pita and some thicker italian bread for dipping.  For entrees, I love the flounder when they have it.  Don't get the pasta- it's a waste with so much other great stuff to try.  Any of the whole fish offerings are usually excellent.  I love the small set up, open kitchen, the hip decor, and the staff is super-hip, prompt and friendly- Philly style.  Don't forget your cash or your byo wine...  Vegetarians would definitely be happy here.  I love trying new places more than anything, but Dmitris is such a reliable standby with such high-quality food, it really makes it hard to go elsewhere.With so many people raving about this restaurant (both in-person and what I've seen on Yelp), I had to give it a try. I live only a block away so being aware of the Fri & Sat night wait, I went earlier in the week when it wasn't crowded at all. Boyfriend and I both agreed that it was just okay.  We got the beets and hummus as appetizers and those were pretty good, but the entrees were a little bland. I ordered the chicken kebab and rice and it just didn't have a whole lot of flavor or seasoning. I forgot which seafood platter my boyfriend ordered but he had the same thought. The restaurant only takes cash and personal check, and the waitress seemed annoyed when we opted to pay by check. Not sure if it was just an off night or if we ordered the wrong things, but based on my experience I probably wouldn't go back.great food with good flavors. nice, quaint atmosphere, even though i was sitting next to the door to the kitchen... 
the reason i give it three stars is because our service was lacking. our server never welcomed us nor explained the menu (we were first time customers). she treated us like we were a burden, and rushed us to order, never checking up on how we were doing.We developed our formula for Dimitri's in the late 90s, departing from the tried and true just once when my parents were visiting from out of town:  We get there around 15 minutes before opening, park ourselves on one of the benches outside, and wait to hear the ritual unlocking of the door, and for the warm wave inside (alternately, you can go to the bar at New Wave after you've gotten your name on the list at Dimitri's, and they'll come get you when it's your turn).  This is slightly unorthodox, I will admit, but soon you'll be basking in the essence of impeccably pristine fish on the grill, some toasty pita, the loud din of happy diners, and all will be well with the world.  
There are entrees and specials and a bluefish pasta that sounds yummy, but, I need to be honest:  we ALWAYS order the same things.  We start with the tomato cucumber salad, some hummus (with extra pita), usually the feta and olive plate, to share.  Then, we both order an appetizer portion of the grilled octopus.  If we've planned wisely (sometimes this is more of an impromptu thing), we'll have a bottle of Torrontés or some Rogue Honey Kolsch with us (the restaurant is BYOB).  We usually skip dessert.  
The tomatoes and cukes will be very fresh and refreshing.  The hummus is not Zahav or Dizengoff level, but still quite tasty.  The feta and olives will be served with a little glug of olive oil and some herbs, and will absolutely hit the spot.  The grilled octopus is braised first to a lovely tenderness, then given some serious char on the grill, dressed with what looks like some more oil and a touch of red wine vinegar, some parsley, and a couple of user-applied lemon wedges.  There's a kind of briny sea essence, meaty depth, smoky char, and refreshing acidity.  I have brought many who were skeptical of octopus here, and they all come away questioning when we'll be back.  It's just really, really delicious.  
The quarters are cramped, the service is wry if workmanlike (and not at all ingratiating, but that's fine).  There will be a long wait if you're not part of the first wave when they open.  I feel that there's a slightly lengthy list of caveats and measured expectations for the uninitiated.  After a few visits, you will either understand the slightly eccentric vibe and sign up for another visit, soon; or you won't, and you'll go back to the Bonefish Grill.  Meanwhile, the rest of us will be happily plunked down at the too-small tables, watching wistfully as our personal caches of grilled octopus dwindle, yet somehow secure in the knowledge that a.) a dinner at Dimitri's is ten times better and significantly cheaper than Bonefish, and b.) the grilled seafood mill on 3rd and Catherine will be at it again the next day, churning out seriously swoonworthy fare to an appreciative and savvy crowd.I went here AGAIN with my mom. We go a lot...
They practically have to roll us out the door, we eat so much. Everything is always excellent. This is the only place I have ever eaten and liked red beets. Ever.Their hummus is nothing to brag about and their spanakopita had too much filling. I was expecting the lamb to be amazing, but it was like flavorless flank steak. Go to Effie's. You can't beat their hummus and their spanakopita puts Dmitri's to shame - their lamb chops also rock.This place has been my neighborhood staple for many years. the food has always been good and very consistent.  Prices have always been reasonable ... I would recommend !If you were to ask me where I want to go out to dinner tonight, chances are the first word out of my mouth would be Dmitri's.  This is definitely some of the best cooked seafood in Philadelphia.  There is nothing better than visiting Dmitri's on a Friday evening after the work week is over!  Upon being seated we are served a delicious basket of freshly grilled pita with an oil and vinegar dipping sauce...very tasty! The fried calamari has become a favorite of mine, the calamari is well prepared, its not at all greasy or too chewy as calamari sometimes is, and just melts in your mouth.  Another favorite is the Bluefish served over pasta.  The blue fish fillet is served over a bed of pasta with a tomato based sauce with capers - delicious!  I am also a fan of the seafood fettuccine - served with shrimp and clams and mussels in the shell served in a tasty broth.  We have also enjoyed the tilapia - pan seared deliciousness.  On one occasion when we had room for dessert we ordered a delicious orange almond cake served with whipped cream-  yum! Will definately be returning soon with a bottle of wine!Delicious. I come here pretty regularly for the hummus & baba ganoush (get a half order of each - perfect combo), the snap peas, the octopus, and the sautéed mussels - always delicious. All the food is simple and tasty. Best of all is the almond/orange cake, which is always a struggle to save room for. Completely worth the trip, don't expect fancy just tasty & simple seafood & Greek fare.Food = 4 Staff = 2 average 3 
A BYOB place in Philly should be an automatic hit . The food at this place is delicious .  My friends and I ordered a slew of appetizers and a few entrees all of which were delicious.  The highlight of the meal were the shrimp scampi, octopus, whole fish and grilled vegetables . Everything was made fresh with the best ingredients.  My only criticism of the place is it's staff . Our waitress took a good half hour before coming over to take our order . She forgot  two of the items we ordered and generally gave off the impression that she hated her life . The check took another 20 minutes and she never came over for us to get change. If you have lots of time & patience, bring a bottle and don't mind the slow/sloppy  service . If you are hungry and looking for quick & efficient service , go somewhere  else .This is my favorite BYOB.  The food is absolutely amazing to me but if you dislike tight seating this is NOT the place/location for you.  They don't take reservations but if it is crowded when you arrive you can grab a drink at New Wave next door and the servers will get you when your tables ready- awesome!!  I have been coming here for about five years and have my ordering down to a science.  I start with the hummus, then split the Greek salad (good for two),  and finish with the Shrimp Pil Pil.  My Ma swears by the grilled Octopus.  I would recommend the fresh fish.  They always have unbelievable fresh fish specials I just cannot stop ordering my favs :)This place is a gem and I feel that I do myself a disservice by reviewing it. It may make the wait longer for a table. I have not once ever had a dissipointing meal here, and I LOVE food. Tall dishes are delicious. The hummus is the creamiest I've ever had. 
This spot is small but the staff is incredible and keeps the place humming.Excellent food. The octopus is to die for.Excellent Place!
We enjoyed the Chicken skewer, Octopus and Antipasto Salad. Food was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. I would recommend coming with a small group since its such a small dining room. 
I would have to say the best part of this place was the servers. Very helpful, very polite and everyone there felt very "family". I like how you can sit at the counter and watch the kitchen in action. 
Thanks, we'll surly be back.Decent  food, but extremely frustrating place to try and get takeout from.  I live down the street, prior to moving in I was excited to be so close to them.  
Three times now we spent the time to put together an order, called in to make an order and then have been told that they are not taking any take-out orders at the time.
Once was a Friday night (okay, understandable), the others were week nights (typically around 830).
To me, this is just a bad customer experience.  Perhaps if the person on the other end of the phone had more tact it would not be as big of a deal.  Busy? Fine tell me it will be ready in 90 minutes, or tell me to call back in an hour.  Every time though I get a condescending tone telling me that they simply cannot take the order, as if I should have known better then to call in and try and place an order over the phone. 
If you allow take-out then ALLOW TAKEOUT, otherwise simply state that your policy is no takeout.This place is def small.. but not super small.
They don't take reservations so you may have to just wait. I fortunately got there within minutes of dinner time so there was no wait. 
We ordered the grilled Octopus, hummus and feta&olives.
-I never had grilled octopus before and I liked the texture. Flavor wise it was lacking though. 
-The hummus was nothing special...the pita bread was grilled too long and it had a bad "burnt" taste which didn't please my taste buds. I mean who likes the taste of burnt anything?
You can't go wrong with Olives...the feta that accompanied it threw me off tho. They were basically 4-5 BIG cubes of feta cheese. 
I would have enjoyed these things more if the pita bread was actually enjoyable so that I could have ate it with the olives, feta cheese and hummus.
Main meal- we got the platter of Bluefish-greek style. We ordered one each but we prob should have just shared it. 
The fish was a disappointment I must say. No flavor just lots, and I mean LOTS, of olive oil. I mean olive oil has a distinct taste but not enough to stand alone and make a fish flavorful. 
I ate half of it and took the rest home to add some more "KICK" to it.
We forgot it was BYOB so we had nothing to drink but our water. 
The experience wasssssssssssss anti-climatic.Totally overrated and very underwhelming. 
Octopus was chewy and not good at all.
Shrimp pil pil was nothing special.
Lamb platter Meh. I've had better.
Steamed Sea Food Combo probably the best thing we had, but it is something I can make at home as long as I got the ingredients.
I am shocked this place has so many good reviews.
Why are all the good byo's closed on mondays??I was craving seafood and found Dmitris listed on yelp! The small restaurant is a little loud and the hostess spoke the specials with lightening speed but overall it was excellent! The grilled octopus was amazing and the scallops were cooked perfectly! The side of vegies was a lil pricey but when it came and was served with feta cheese and banana peppers I was cool with it. My boyfriend got the salmon and it was so flakey and melted in your mouth! I also like the open kitchen so you can say hello to the excellent chefs back there! I definitely recommend giving it a try!My friend and I decided to go to Dimitri's for some seafood delights. The moment we walked in, you can smell the fresh cooked seafood, sense the cossy vibe of the restaurant, and hear people laughing, enjoying everything that Demitri's has to provide. The whole restaurant seats about 25 people, it is warm and full of life, people BYOB their favorite wine, and taste the fresh seafood.
I have to say that, I've never taste such fresh seafood with the Greek style of cooking. Everything that on our table that night are just right and simple. For starter we had; Eggplant Baba, Greek Grilled Octopus, and Smelt, which is deep friend small fishes. For entrée we had Greek Style Bluefin Fish and Soft Shell Crab. They were what the freshest seafood suppose to taste like. We end up paying only 40 bucks each, I wonder how much we would've pay to have such a meal in San Francisco? :)I wish I could give 3.5 here as I'm not quite sure it's a 4 but it's not a 3 anyway.... Cute neighbourhood restaurant, knowledgable and pleasant staff, BYOB and conveniently located. The food was nice, not amazing but not bad. Scallops were tasty but a little greasy, seafood stew was very good, grilled lamb entree was amazing, hummus was hugely disappointing and oddly it was freezing!  Reasonable prices.A little disappointed from reading all of the rave reviews. I'll give that everything was fresh and good quality I felt but, like another reviewer stated, food needed some salt and pepper. The best thing, in my opinion, was the bread and seasoned olive oil that came before the meal :-/Dmitri's does SO many things right - relationship with the bar across the street (New Wave) so that patrons can wait and have a drink until their table is ready; BYOB and always ready with an ice bucket to chill wine; and the food... ah, the food! Went with my partner and another couple and ordered (too much): octopus, shrimp pil pil, sauteed mussels, pea pods, hummus, soft shell crab (special), and grilled oysters (also a special). Everything was good, but the mussels and shrimp were clearly the stand outs! Pea pods are also unusual and delicious (served with a tomato sauce and feta). The octopus I dream about, and it was only good this time, not outstanding. Tried the Greek (Turkish?) coffee to end the night - VERY good! Prices are reasonable ($120 for four of us, and probably over ordered by 2-3 dishes). Food comes out when it's ready, which is nice (although sometimes at a very fast pace). One drawback, though, is the service, which was surly at best. The specials were rattled off so fast we were lucky to catch the "soft shell crab" and "oysters". Very terse, although attentive. We will definitely be back, just not expecting a leisurely dinner or a happy waitstaff!Dinner here was the highlight of a fantastic weekend in Philadelphia. The scallops and soft shell crabs were exquisite. Make sure you BYOB.Such a great place. Truly fresh food. Simple preparations. BYO!  Best octopus value in the city. Love the hummus and baba. So affordable!Grand daddy of both Philly BYO's as well as Greek with their signature grilled octopus a must on any visit and rightly so.  Fresh whole fish, squid, olives, feta, pita and many Greek and Mediterranean meze plates here. If you don't especially like simply grilled foods this may not be the place for you as almost everything winds up on the small grille that you run into on walking into this corner Queen Village landmark.  Seasonings beyond fresh lemon and good olive oil not happening here, but these people don't need much more to make you a great, and authentic, meal.  Greens such as escarole simply boiled it seems and tastes it but can be juiced by olive oil and salt, but nobody's complaining.  A very noisy restaurant, the high decibel level not helped by the hard surfaces and fueled in part by the animated conversation among diners.  Actually made the New Wave Cafe across 3rd street a star in its own right as patrons waiting the better part of an hour for a table would go there and sip a drink while waiting and now offers a pretty decent menu with a loyal following of its own.To answer my own question, it is the same ownership. 
I took Nicole's advice, and had the octopus sampler, which is also marinated in red wine overnight, to really make it really divine (and more chewable). Equally, the mussels app was outstanding too.
Still, the best of the best was the pasta with bluefish. It's the best preparation for bluefish I've ever had, and a great tomato sauce, lots of peppers and peas, and some good homemade linguini noodles. 
I love restaurants that treat you with respect. The hummus, pitas, and breads kept coming. The service was outstanding, and the food was even better. Although the second location is in my neighborhood and much quieter/more low-key, I'm almost inclined to say that I prefer this one.Great food at decent prices.  We had the waitress order 3 appetizers, 1 pasta, and 2 entrees for us.  Our appetizers consisted of grilled oysters, shrimp phi phi, and grilled calamari, pasta was linguine with bok choy?, and entrees were seafood stew and scallops.  The appetizers were fantastic, grilled calamari was on the light side so make sure not to eat anything overpowering (shrimp phi phi) before trying them.  Pasta was alright and seafood stew was delicious.  The scallops were my least favorite dish as they were breaded and heavy.  
Overall, I would normally give this place 4 stars but one of the members of my party got bad food poisoning, so I docked a star.Fantastic food for a great price, plus BYOB.  Dmitri's always has great specials and good vegetarian options as well.  While you wait for a table, you can have a drink at New Wave across the street, and they will come let you know when your table is ready!Went there 12/20 for my mother's birthday. I am a regular at Dmitri's at their northern liberties location, so I figured this location would be the same. Service was horrible. Three women were working, they had no personality, were rude, and standoffish. They were in short, miserable and accommodating. The restaurant is also in need of some tlc-- paint was chipping off the walls and the floors were filthy.  On top of everything, they charged an automatic 20% tip on our check!? We were only a table of 4...... I'm embarrassed I took my mother here on her birthday.let me just say that i've never made it to the entrees in about 17 visits here (and to their sister shop, as well). there is so much hummus and baba and pita to be had that, in addition to my staple order of grilled veggies, i simply couldn't force it in if i wanted to. i and i do want to, because the above-mentioned bits are so damn good, and enough for two. 
as for the place itself, it gets loud and crowded. the service is on point, and the atmosphere is actually pretty sexy, not in a s.starr kind of way, but in a byob and run your kitten heel up the man's calf kind of way. meow.I think you mean Dimitri's.
See my other review on this small, cash-only Greek staple with terrific baba ganoush.My experience here was ok. I got there early to get our name on the list- but they don't let you do that until your entire party is there. So I waited half an hour for my friends to show up- luckily there was no wait by the time they arrived.  All of our food was good- but I thought I could have prepared it the same way in my house. I didn't feel like anything we ordered was special.  I'd probably try Dmitri's again- but in a different location. CASH ONLY!It kills me to do this because I love the Dmitri's near me, but apparently they just aren't created equally.
My family and I chose this location because we all had off on Monday (the one in GHo is closed on Mondays) and my dad had been wanting to eat here for like 10 or 15 years or something. We got there around 8pm and my first impression of the place was how small it was. There were only like 8 seats at the "bar", which had a smaller, open kitchen behind it. That was kind of neat because you could see exactly what was going into your food, but other than that there were 3 tiny high-top tables and enough tables for MAYBE 20 people in the back section. So, being that we got there at peak dinner time, there was a wait. The hostess was really cool about it and said we could wait at the bar across the street (where we were tempted by their lobster macaroni and cheese special) in the mean time. After she came and got us, she placed the 4 of us at one of the tiny high-tops in the front area. It was super cramped and we really didn't have much room. Strike One.
Strike Two was the service. I know that it was almost a full house, and I understand that completely, but it took almost 10 minutes to get greeted by our server. To compound that, she wasn't even that busy. We watched her stand at the food bar almost the entire time talking to her co-workers. She had no personality and just seemed really indifferent to us. 
Strike Three was the food. Like I said, I love the Dmitiri's near me and I really don't understand how the same restaurant could be so different. The menu is INFINITELY smaller and a lot less appetizing. The grilled octopus was really tough, chewy, and tasted like it had been pre-cooked. The baba and hummus that we got was really bland, which really annoyed me because it's really hard to screw up hummus. The mussels, which were pre-shelled, were served without a sauce or broth of any kind. They were alright, but again, lacking in flavor. The salmon entree that my sister ordered was WAY overcooked, and served with bland rice and watery cabbage.  The calamari was really good though, and remains to be some of the best in the city, in my opinion. It's lightly fried and not chewy at all. 
It was just a really huge let down. I felt horrible for my dad because he had looked forward to eating there for so long and basically everything was terrible. We left full of food, but almost nauseated by how bad it was. 
We learned two important lessons, though. The first is to never return to that location, and the second is to never turn down lobster macaroni and cheese.Looking to try a new byob, I decided Dmitri's would be a good pick based on reviews and a recommendation from a coworker. We arrived early on Friday, right around 6, and were seated right away. The restaurant is small, but cute. We were told the specials, given water and wine glasses promptly, and soon our waitress came over to take our order. 
We decided on the hummus and the grilled octopus as appetizers, and I ordered the seafood combo for my entree based on a recommendation from the waitress, Ben ordered one of the specials, a bluefish pasta dish. To be honest, I was slightly disappointed in the hummus, it was not very flavorful. The grilled octopus on the other hand far exceeded my expectations and was a large portion. The bread and dipping sauce was also tasty.
Our entrees came out and both were very large portions - the seafood combo was a heaping, hot, bowl of clams, mussels, calamari, etc in a red broth, served with rice and greens as a side. Ben's pasta dish was also quite robust. We took our time drinking our wine and enjoying our dinner, not once did we feel rushed, and our water glasses were kept full throughout the entire meal. It did get a bit loud despite not being terribly crowded, but it wasn't unbearable. Overall a very good meal at a very reasonable price in a casual setting - will certainly return to try their other offerings.I have been wanting to try this place since I saw the reviews on Yelp. We finally got to go there last night. Friends of ours are regulars and when they suggested it, Frank and I jumped on it.
It's a byob which is always a good idea. 
We decided to go for a bunch of little plates, in order to try more offerings. Everything was fantastic. From the Babaganus and hummus to the Shrimp Pil Pil and pan seared scallops. 
Finish up with Greek coffee...
Saturday night at 8ish, after heavy rain every seat was taken.This is the first review I have ever written.I eat out 2 -3 times a week at nice resteraunt  ,usually byob's.My food was overlooked had to place my complete order at one time "I usually pick an appetizer or two then my entree.was told the chef likes everything at once.First time I have ever heard such nonsense.the place is dirty and we got rushed in and out in a half hour didn't enjoy my food or wine .Not sure what the hurry was that night and there was maybe 5 other people in the Restaurant .I was truly disappointed.It pains me to write this review because this is a small place and if it gets too popular we may not be able to get a seat.  But it's only fair to give credit where credit is due-Dmitri's makes delicious food, including shrimp pil pil which we could probably eat every day. Cash only, byob, and heavenly.Saturday was my second time at dimitris. I live just around the block and was there for the first time a little over a year ago. I was unimpressed my first time but I have friends who rave over it and I decided to give it a second shot. It did not disappoint. Food is easily 5 Stars! I love that they have a large small plates menu because you can try more and share more! 
The octopus is similar to most traditional Greek octopus..seared and tender with lemon, olive oil and vinegar but it's cut in strips which is better for sharing!!! Shrimp scampi is also delicious, served at just the right temperature with plenty of flavor!
Pro tip you can get 1/2 & 1/2 of the dips (hummus, baba etc) if you can't make up your mind.
The standout however was a special, grilled haloumi with diced tomatoes and onions. It was delicious!!
The only reason I'm knocking off a star is the service. It's slow at best and sometimes not the nicest. When paying our bill we said yes to change back and when she handed us our change she said here's your chump change. We needed smaller bills to compile a decent tip for them...I thought that was a little odd...Nice homey vibe.  Imagine nice Greek restaurant had a delicious child with a diner with an intolerance to liquor licenses.  Good neighborhood spot.  I'd go back.I was so excited to try this place, and I have to be honest, I was a little disappointed. I met two girlfriends for a night out and everything was pretty average. I really enjoyed the pita and bread combo to start. The oil that came with the bread had some sort of limey zest to it, which I loved. For dinner we had the salmon, grilled scallops, and the calamari. The calamari was probably my favorite. Everything was cooked well, but the scallops and salmon didn't really have much flavor. Each entrée came with the same two sides- rice and a wilted green vegetable. The rice was good, but neither would have been my top choice. For dessert we had the creme carmel. I liked it, but my two friends weren't too impressed. I thought it tasted like tapioca pudding without the beads. I think if I came back I'd pick a few small plates for the table to share. The restaurant is nice, but very tiny. It would not be ideal for large groups; and although we were seated right away late on a Monday night, there would probably be a wait during peak hours. No reservations, cash only, and BYO- because everything is better with your own bottle.Unique seafood can be scary... but not at Dmitri's. The food was excellent and plantiful. Atmosphere is casual. Staffs are friendly. After 9pm is easy to get a table and a lot quieter, before 9 may have to wait a while since they don't take reservations. Overall I will come back often, but not necessarily make it a place for special occations.Crowded and loud with no reservations, but an intimate date spot nonetheless. Best octopus I have had anywhere in the world; they marinate it for hours before grilling, which makes it chewy, but not rubbery or slimy. The beets are delicious because they are pickled with red onions. They can be strong, but mixing them into thr mild avocado-citrus salad has become a go-to move of mine. Shrimp scampi is buttery and garlicyand amazing. Anything with bluefish...even if you think you don't like bluefish. The pita is amazing, but the hummus and baba are just ok. Grilled lamb is incredibly tastey...if a little chewy. All the desserts are worth getting...if you still have room, which I never do.A non-Philadelphian recommended Dmitri's to me about a year ago. When I saw her six months after that initial recommendation she asked me if I had made my way to the restaurant, and I shamefacedly had to say no...but I finally got myself down south to give them a go.
My dining companion and I chose to circumvent the long wait we had heard about by transforming into senior citizens and getting there a little before 6. There were a few over-50s in the dining area, but it was definitely still early in their service.
Service was good and friendly. I tried their gazpacho, which was nice - not too thick or tomatoey. We shared the grilled octopus, and that is really something. I've never had such tender tentacles. I went with the scallops pan fried for my entree. I had expected perhaps three big scallops, but ended up with about eight smaller ones, each crispy on the outside while still moist and yummy on the inside. The rice and greens sides weren't all that memorable, but the portions were generous. My dining companion tried their chicken kebob special, and it was also generous in size. The chicken had a good taste to it, though it was maybe just a little dry. 
I'm not giving five stars mainly because, while the food and service was definitely good, I wasn't truly blown away by any of the food (maybe with the exception of the octopus).Recently visited on a Saturday night. Doesnt take reservations. Hostess stated abt 45 min wait. She was nice and chilled our bottle of wine while we walked directly across the street to a cool bar where the owner was so friendly and accomodating. 
Dimitris was packed. We ordered salads to start which consisted of all fresh ingredients. I chose branzino filet and it came with rice and green veggies. Just real fresh and delicious.I love this BYOB.  Delicious fresh food here!!  The grilled octopus was amazing!!  soft, slight chewiness, full of flavor.  we also loved the beets and yummy yummy meat balls.  There might be a wait since the space is small but cute and cozy and worth the wait ;)My all-time favorite restaurant! There is nothing here that I did not like. Their breaded mussels are soooo good, their seafood pasta dish is amazing, I can go on forever. I also like their wine selection and it's not too pricey either, and if you don't like it, they do BYOB as well. The atmosphere and ambiance is great.Is just the best!!! Everything is fresh and delish!  Very small place with no reservations and cash only BUT 100% recommended!Food was Bland
I enjoyed our meal, but thought it was slightly bland. I ordered the babajanoush app., with pita (great) which was my favorite part of the meal. 
----Dinner, I order the pan seared flounder.  Was disappointed. Basically tasted like boring fried breaded fish but with no sauce, relish NOTHING!!!! Then the sides were not impressive....They were braised escarole with no seasoning and a rice that was also on the bland. All dinners come with the same sides so keep this in mind. If I was to go there again, I would order a bunch of small plates (appetizers) and not order an entree unless you just want to eat the protein and skip the rice and greens!Expect a crowd, expect loud, expect a walk across the street for a drink or five while you wait.  Face it, it's just what you have to do in life if want good grilled octopus - plain and simple.