Great pizza + great beer= Fantastic local Brewpub! 
The salads are great, and the pizza is inspired and tasty.  They even have a vegan pizza (with pesto, veggies, and tofu) that my Vegan friends love, so we can all enjoy a dinner out.  That's saying something!By far the best pizza I have had in Philly, and this is said after living/studying/working in Italy on multiple occasions over a number of years.  High quality ingredients consistently prepared to perfection.  I am also not a big beer drinking, but almost always take advantage of sharing a beer flight with a friend during the meal.  Perhaps my only complaint is that they are not located in CC, though that might be better for my waistline. Either way, looking forward to going back for sure.I would consider this to be one of the best local bars/restaurants in town.  I think they have quick service and really good pizza.  I am planning on visiting again soon.Where to begin. Lousy service. The beer is not good at all. The employees act like beer snobs. Was seriously not impressed at all. First and last time I will ever go there again.Dock Street has excellent beer and awesome pizza! Their pizza is made in wood burning stoves = yum! Very casual. When I was there awhile ago they had tables outside which is nice in good weather.What can I say that already hasn't been said about this place? I wouldn't say that this has the best pizza ever but it is a unique way of presenting pizza. I like that you can have small pizzas and get your own without just ordering one slice or everyone sharing the same kind of pizza. I like that they have all kinds of weird options. I like their beers. I don't think this is the type of place that I would go on a regular basis but I would trust to eat and drink here again in the future.Dear Dock St: please please get some not-disgusting wine! I come often. Your pizza is yummy, your burgers are so tasty, and everyone says your beer is good, but I don't/can't drink it. I want to come more and I would, but no liquor and disgusting wine makes me sad.Dock Street is probably my favorite place to get pizza and beer. I used to be there about once a week when I used to live in West Philly. Nowdays, Nomad Pizza is closer and is an acceptable alternative, but my wife and I still make it out to DS from time to time. Our favorites are the Fig Jam and Flammenwhatever pizzas. My one stickling point is the beer selection, but maybe that's because they used to spoil me. During the era of the first 2-3 brewers, their beer selection would have earned them 5 stars from me. It was creative, and rotated on a regular basis. Now they always seem to have the same core beer offering, with an occasional new beer rotated in and out. Don't get me wrong, the beers are good, but the lack of change removes some of the incentive to go back regularly.Fresh brick oven pizza made to order and house brewed beer, what else could you ask for.  The prices are totally reasonable and I love the neighborhood feel too.  Dock street is that perfect place to go when the rest of the city becomes too boring or you get tired of the "usual haunts".Some of the best brick oven pizza in the city. The Flammenkuche is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. And the beer is heaven! If only they delivered!!I frequent Dock St. on a fairly regular business and I must say, the service has improved drastically over the past few months. The pizza is great, the beer has become a lot more consistent lately and the best ever.... are the sweet potato fries! They must be using a new technique because the last few times I've been there they have been outstanding.
If you were disappointed with Dock the last time you were there and it's been a while, I'd give it another try.I've been to Dock Street several times, but haven't had a chance to write about it.  I stopped by last night with a few friends.  We waited a while for an outdoor table, which was worthwhile because it was so nice.  Dock street was pretty busy, inside and out, so it was pretty weird that they weren't taking names for tables.  The whole place seemed to be understaffed, and possibly suffers from poor management.
On my other trips to Dock St the service was good, but last night it was terrible.  The table we had been waiting for was sitting uncleared for quite a while, so we just decided to sit down before someone else took "our" table.  After waiting about twenty minutes without our server stopping by, I headed into the bar to buy drinks.  The food order took about an hour to come out, and wasn't brought over to our table until we tracked down the server and asked about it.  I have had great service here in the past, so it's safe to say the service is hit or miss.
For food, Dock St excels at pizza.  They have several different specialty pizzas that are great thin crust guys made in an open wood-burning stove.  There are also sandwiches and appetizers on the menu, but I recommend sticking to the pies.  Dock St is a respectable micro brewery that serves up pints, pitchers, and growlers of their own beers.  In fact, they only tap their own beer.  They usually have a selection of about five brews that rotate with some regularity.  Last night I had the summer session, a light wheat beer with a lemon grass flavor, and the hoppy Bohemian pilsner.  Both were good beers.  I've always been able to find something on their tap list that suits my mood and palate.  
Dock St has a great open atmosphere with a long bar and lots of seating.  It was great to sit outside on such a nice day, too.
Bottom Line: Despite my negative experience last night, overall I think Dock St is a good stop.  They make great beers that aren't widely found in other places across the city.  They change beers and have enough variety to make regular stops dynamic enough.  The pizza is good, especially for sharing with three or four people.  It's one of the better stops in the neighborhood.I want to love this place but I finally had to give up.
Dock Street must hate making money, because every time I've come here has been a service nightmare (and I've been coming since it opened).  All the delicious beer and pizza in the world won't make up for the absurdity of visiting here.
On a not-busy Saturday around 3pm during beer week, I was seated at a two-top with a friend.
45 minutes later, my beer and her soda arrived.  About 15 minutes after that, my order of fries.
For a while, I contemplated just going up and pouring the beer myself.  I should add that after about 25 minutes of just sitting there, our waitress came over and asked for our order again.
A family seated after us flat out gave up and walked out in the time we were sitting there.  My friend eventually had to leave, so I sat there eating fries alone.  What a great place.I don't drink but went here with some friends and it was a real boost to the neighborhood. I hear the beer is awesome too.Well. I've been coming here for a long time now (about a year since they've opened) and I have been putting off writing my review. 
so. 
Dear Dock Street,
You have wonderful food options, and delicious beer. Now, if you could only get your shit together... When you stock 6-8 beers at a time and run out of 1 its a big deal. When you run out of 2 its an even bigger deal. Other brew pubs don't seem to run out of shit like you do. You know that you are a hot spot. You know its always busy. Now why cant you get it together so that you can provide good service across the board? Also... STOP running out of food. srsly. You've been open for over a year and have had the same traffic for that time. Order enough shit so you don't run out of certain foods EVERY time I go. And update your beer list to reflect what you have. Its a fuckin chalk board. You run out? Erase it off the list. Real easy.
Don't get me started on the ordering a keg snafu... I called you, you told me all I had to do was come on down, I came on down, you told me I needed to call and reserve a keg. Then you took an hour to get me the keg. You also told me that a tap was included in the price. Then I got there and you told me you didn't do taps. WTF? Get it together PLZ!
I still love you. I love what you are doing for the block. I love that I don't have to leave west Philly anymore for good pizza and beer in the same spot.  I really do love to love you. Just please, organize yourself a little better, and crack a smile every now and again when its busy. Busy = Money.
sayin.I'm disappointed Dock St. hasn't been getting better reviews! I think the pizza is delicious...my favorites are the veggie and flammenkuche (caramelized onions and bacon..mmmmm). I also enjoy their beer, quite tasty. However, It is in a random neighborhood so it's kind of hard to get to....but I think it's worth the trip! I also went here for lunch one day when the weather was nice in the fall and they had a couple tables set up outside so it was nice enjoying the pizza and beer while soaking up the sun :) I never had a problem with the service, the wait staff was always pretty quick and attentive to my needs.First of all, I think it's pretty cool that Dock Street had the guts to re-open, especially in this neighborhood. Yes I know...it's not the worst neighborhood, but it's certainly not the best either. I'm guessing this building in an old firehouse...pretty cool! This place gives me an excuse to take Baltimore Pike (I mean, "Ave") into the city, which I almost never used to do. It's a pretty "scenic" drive, if you can appreciate the old-time architecture of the homes & buildings nearby. Anyway, I like this place, it's a notch above a typical Iron Hill, Kildare's, or John Harvard's (RIP). The beer is micro-brewery beer, so don't walk in there asking for a miller lite or bud. Actually, for goodness sake, don't walk in ANYWHERE and ask for a bud! (Just puke first and save yourself the trouble of drinking).  The servers, though busy at times, do know their stuff, and they can set you up with a beer you'll enjoy. I'm assuming this place draws a lot of Penn & Drexel people, being so close to University City. Either way, it's a nice crowd...don't let the location scare you away.Beers were OK; nothing special. Chocolate Saison (that's what she said) was smooth, OMG Pale Ale was nicely hopped and easily drinkable,and Rye IPA was good. Not much of any aroma coming from these 3. Oh well. Pizza was OK; not great. Got a Sicilian but could not taste or see any walnuts, sun-dried tomatoes,(skimpy on the roasted garlic too )or fresh basil- just sauce,cheese and capers.Probably will return but not in a hurry to.First off, Dock Street is one of  few ways I can manage to lure my non-West Philadelphia crew out here.  
The beer is nothing short of incredible (when all you're used to is warm lager and PBR in hipster dive bars).  There are usually five to six on tap, served properly in the right glass, and bartenders gladly will let you sample each and every kind.  It's hard to say which one is a favorite, due to the menu changing roughly every few weeks, but usually the beers run from the lighter to the darker or stronger.  I was never an IPA fan, but since my weekly attendance at the place, that opinion has changed.  The espresso stout, made with beans from the Satellite Cafe (next door), was great, and I hope they bring that back soon.
The pizza, of course, is out of this world: the Greek and the vegan pizza are highly recommended.  Probably some of the best you will get in Philadelphia.  The fish and chips are also a pleasant surprise - damn tasty.  They make some great fries for munching as well.
A little loud, but what can you do.  It is an old firehouse, after all.  It's great to have such a superior place like this in the neighborhood, if not slightly dangerous on the liver and the pocketbook.i was here once i remember thinking the pizza was amazing!I love you, Dock Street, but we need to talk.
Why must you always run out of my favorite beer so quickly? And what's with all the stouts? I went last week and there were like 3 stouts on tap and not a single belgian. That shit is unacceptable. Belgian style ales are what you do best! Prisoner of Hell placed at the World Beer Cup in 2012, for God's sake! Make more of it! 
Admittedly, I'm not much of a beer drinker. I drink wine. But here are the four instances in which I will partake in the juice of the barley
1. When it's free
2. When it's the only drink under 12 dollars available and there is no good wine
3. When someone left some in my fridge and I'm having a hard day
4. When there is a good belgian dark or sour ale on tap
So when I go to Dock Street anticipating my favorite dark belgian and I end up with a pilsner instead, I am displeased.
 I end up having this conversation with myself: 
"You should have gotten a growler or a few 6 packs when you had the chance, you imbecile." 
"I know, I know... I just thought, I thought I'd have more time." 
"That's your problem, isn't it... always thinking, never taking action!"
*sobs*
But in all seriousness, you're a great place. The pizza is truly delicious. The wraps are too. Good vegan and vegetarian options. Friendly staff. Beautiful Building. If you go late afternoon/early evening the sun streams in the windows from the west, casting this hazy glow on the room. It's very nice. 
Dock Street would get 5 stars from me if they did two things: always had a Belgian on tap and maybe tried brewing a GF beer and had GF wrap options. My gluten free friends always whine about not wanting to go to Dock Street.Was looking forward to trying this place, but wasn't too impressed after my first visit. The beers were alright (not bad but nothing too exiting considering the micro-brew trend). The vegan pizza was delicious but small for the price.  
The happy hour also ends prematurely for the city at 6pm. And there was a funky smell in the place (waitress said it was from the used hops but never experienced that foul of a smell at other breweries)Great pizza, great chicken, great beer. Try their rye ipa and any pizza. Better to eat there but always tasty. A lot of fun to sit outside in the summer.I almost missed this place.  Dock Street was on out to do list. My girlfriend wanted to take me here, but we got held up in a terrible rain storm pretty far from the car, so we almost didn't make it.  BUT WE DID!  And I am glad we did so.  We didn't get there until pretty late, but I had time to drink a few beers and buy myself a Growler.
Les start off with the outside of the building.  Beautiful.  I think they told me it is an old fire station.  There was a lot of outside seating, and all of those tables were in use.  The day was terrible, but it shaped up to be a nice night, so people were taking advantage of that.   But we decided the bar was the place for us. So in we went.  
A nice open space dinning area.Plenty of room to move around in there. Not to many tables packed into a small space like you normally find in the city.  And there was a little lounge area off to the side.  I really liked the stack of wood by the bathrooms.  A stack of wood you ask.  They have a wood stoked pizza oven,  And this you can smell, that is good.  Although I didn't eat anything while there, I saw some food coming out and it looked like something I would like to put into my belly.
But on to the reason we went, the beer!  If you have seen any of my other bar/pub reviews, you will know I kind of like beer a little bit. 
I am sad to say I forget the name of the beers I drank while there, but the first beer was a nice brisk wheat beer.  It had some lemon grass in it I believe.  It was hot and muggy and a cool crisp beer was the right thing at the time.  We didn't stay long, but long enough for me to pick up a nice growler and haul it back here to Scranton to drink some nice micro at home.  My only problem with Dock Street is, I was in Philly last Saturday and I forgot to bring my growler and fill it up.  So I guess, my problem is with me and not the bar, check it out.  If you like beer, you will like it!The pizza is amazing! I have tried several different pizzas, but my all time favorite is the greek. Who would have thought putting salad on a pizza could taste so good? Plus their beer is always good and I enjoy the variety, they change them out really often.Great spot!
My wife and I checked out this place because we like microbrews. What a find!  Great neighborhood a little away from the beaten path of the city. 
The beer was amazing. We got the sampler and all 6 were great. We got a growler of the lemongrass beer and took it to a friends to go with a seafood dinner. 
We had just eaten, so we didn't get the pizza - but it looked and smelled amazing. They have a brick oven pumping out some amazing pies!  We will definitely be going back to try it (and to get more beer!)Awful service. If you like a hipster paradise go here. Waited for over an hour for my food because I guess that is how they operateDock Street has amazing pizza and amazing beer. The pizza menu has a variety of pizzas that run the spectrum and use interesting and unexpected ingredients. They are great for vegetarians and meat-lovers alike. I am a fan of the Veneto and the Brie. The beer is always changing but has been delicious every time and you can tell they take a lot of time perfecting their recipes. It has a fun hipster vibe to it and definitely worth the trip!Come for the wood-fired pizza, stay for the house-brewed beer. Try the sampler to narrow down the beer as they are hit-or-miss (for my tastes at least), but as far as pizzas there isn't a bad one on the menu.We brought some friends here from out of town.  We love home brew and pizza so going to Dock St was a no brainer.  Plus we live in the neighborhood and always want to support our local spots.  I have to say we were not impressed.
The beer was great (love the growlers) and the pizza was good, it was the service that really turned us off.   No one was overly rude to us but all the employee's we encountered had an air of pretension as if we were a burden to them.  As someone who has worked in restaurants for about half my life I can empathize with the demands of the job and usually brush off bad service as a fluke.  However, after numerous similar experiences here, it just seems like what I have come to expect.  As other reviewers have commented, I want to love this place, but it's just not happin' for me.  I will continue to fill my growler here but, unfortunately, I don't think I will be back for dinner.
A restaurant with bad food, and a bad atmosphere can be redeemed with great service.  A restaurant with good beer, decent food, but habitually bad service can be easily avoided.Dock Street is one of my favorite places in West Philly that's not an Ethiopian restaurant. A great rotating selection of beer brewed on location (with a list of what's coming next), the only drawback is if you discover a favorite, it could be gone on your next visit, but you'll find something just as good on the next batch. I always get a small Veneto pizza, which is baked in a brick oven and never disappointing. Perhaps the best part of Dock Street is the staff. Everyone is really friendly, not in the fake I have to friendly way of corporate restaurants, but people who are genuine and seem to enjoy each other and most of the customers (I'm of the opinion a majority of bad service complaints are really bad customer moments). It's great to see a local brew pub succeed out here.So i have been wanting to try this place for a long time! We went on a Friday night at about 7:00. It was pretty busy but there was space for two at the bar. The mood/scene is unlike any other micro-brew that I have ever seen. Usually there is a standard theme and darkness in them. This one just seemed like a place that found magical recipes for excellent beer and decided to just make a fun environment to serve them in. 
We took the advise and tried the pizza. Our waitress/bartender recommended the barbecue chicken. We also ordered some sweet potato fries as an appetizer. I have never been given this large of a serving of sweet potato fries in my life. And they were simply perfect. 
The pizza took a while longer to make, but was well worth it. I don't know what goes into the barbecue sauce, but I know they make it fresh in house. It nailed this pizza into one of my favorite pizzas ever.
Our waitress was super nice and by the end had invited me to go out on a pub crawl this upcoming weekend. Apparently there are 50-60 getting together and riding bikes around the city to the microbreweries! Her name was Danni (guessing on spelling) and I would highly recommend sitting in her section. 
The beer....wowowow...I love trying micros...I also enjoy getting the samplers that each produce and trying a little of each. I fell in lust with the espresso beer...Yea, that's right, espresso...the aftertaste was just that...The only let down was that I really wanted to get a growler of it to go and they wouldn't sell it since it was a fresh made batch and high gravity....booo....fail...
As for the environment...the outside looks like a sweet brick building...inside is just a concrete floor stuffed tables...there is random music playing...mostly random hiphop and dance types of music...my guess is the staff setup the playlist...i was fine with this since it was enjoyable music...not too loud...and they were all happier dancing and singing around...happier waitstaff equals happier customers...the most classic moment was sipping down some high alcohol espresso beer at a new microbrewery and hearing the thong song coming on...priceless
i even decided to go back the following sunday just for a espresso beer and to try the homemade chocolate mousse (they were out of it friday)...but they are closed on sundays...blah...just an fyiThis place is simply amazing.  I always try to bring friends new to Philadelphia to Dock Street.  It's especially nice to come on a warm day when you can eat outside and watch the trolleys go by.   
While the tables aren't as fancy as the local artwork for sale on the wall, they've got their priorities straight:  Good food and delicous beer!
My goal is to try all of the yummy pizzas!  My favorites are the Vegetarian, BBQ Chicken, and Fig Jam.  You really can't go wrong with any of them.  The Trio Fries are also amazing!
When it comes to the beer, I enjoy their seasonal brews most.  I'm still learning the intricacies of beer so I enjoy tasting and learning what I like and don't like.  
All in all, Dock Street is awesome.  Very hipstery and laid back and I never leave disappointed.I have gotten food there a few times, and it is always excellent. The beer is really good as well and they sell growlers if you want to pick up a jug for a few of you.
In my experience, the Fig jam pizza and Sicilian pizza are both excellent. The trio fries is a great side, and the salads are really good although a drop small.If there is a heaven it no doubt has pizza and beer, right?   So get a sneak preview ( if you've been good )     I've enjoyed most of the pizzas and the beer is very good.   In a funky old firehouse in a cool neighborhood.  Be sure to visit the tasting room next door.I just wish this place was open on Sundays. Great pizzas, good drinks.Nice outside seating, pizza and salads looked great but just went for a beer. Beer was also very good, fresh, refreshing, crisp, and hoppy.I've been here a few times now. The food has always been good (the Mellow Yellow pizza is awesome, as are the panko mozz sticks!). 
I almost never write reviews based on service, 'cause I'm pretty easy to please and as long as my food comes out in a decent amount of time and the server is friendly, I don't care. However, the service at Dock Street is so incredibly inconsistent. The first time I went, the server was nice and attentive (it may have been a Thursday night or something). The second time, the server was friendly enough, but hardly stopped by our table and forgot a couple of things. 
On a Saturday night, after calling for wait times and getting a 30 minute wait time, we show up and the hostess tells us 1 hr. (Had no idea she was the hostess- I thought she was a customer the way she causually stood in the doorway and gave us a blank look). She doesn't smile and is not nice to us. She's confused on who we talked to who told us 30 minutes (it was her). We're about to leave but then ask if we can sit outside (there were quite a few open tables). She tells us yes (okay, why not mention that before...). 
Our server recommends that we order apps since the food wait time is long since they're swamped (like every other Philly restaurant on a Saturday night, but whatever). The apps take forever to come out, but are delish (hence why I return here!). Food takes forever. Five minutes after everyone else gets their food, the waiter tells me they had to remake my pizza because there was a hole in it. I beg the waiter to just let me have it, I couldn't care less. He tells me the cook wouldn't want to send out something looking like that. I was very hungry at that point. 
The hostess comes by to refill waters. My sister asks her for some sauce, and she tells her to ask our waiter for it the next time he comes around since she's just refilling waters. So, instead of relaying the message (like literally every other hostess/staff person does at a restaurant in my experience), we have to wait another 10 min for him to come around to ask him for it. 
If you decide to dine at Dock Street, my recommendation is to do so on a weekday. And beware that the many of the servers are completely aloof.Needs more vegan options. Give us some cashew ricotta, get some daiya or teese! Stop putting parmesan cheese in your "vegan" pesto! Even just a tomato pie with veggies that isn't going to cost me $13 for a small would be great.Good-  but we couldn't do half one half another on pizzas- which makes me think that they are not freshly made  but other than that, pizza was good as were the sweet potato fries. Nothing AMAZING and I think I would prefer zavinos on chestnut- about a 10 min drive away. But Even though we were seated at a corner table we never felt neglected, and servers were quick in getting us what we needed (ketchup, pepper flakes, more water etc).You know, you pay about 19$ for your shitty delivery pizza, the kind with maybe a few sad veggies or greasy blobs of meat on top.  Pack it up and head over to Dock Street, where for 18.50$ you can get eight slices of mouthgasm.  Seriously, mouthgasm.
The Parma has a TON of different cheeses and prosciutto, BUT you don't get swamped in cheese as the pizza has a lot of tomato to balance out the flavors.  I've also had the pie with bacon and caramelized onions.  It was a little sweeter than I was expecting but superb once I got past my expectations.
The beers are obviously great.  I am not a beer person, so I get whatever is closest to candy ... the cherry one does it for me.
Service here is weird.  It is always slower than average, even when it's not terribly full.  I have waited 30+ minutes to be served my one pie, and the waitress was not particularly attentive or apologetic in that horrible hungry lull.  There is definitely a certain kind of person serving at Dock Street, but it's West Philly (ie, other Yelpers who are complaining about hipsters are clearly not natives).
However, the food is more than worth the wait time, and Dock Street is definitely getting to be one of my regular indulgences.Really some of the best thin-crust pizza I have ever had--this coming from someone who had all sorts of good pizza while living in NYC for three years.  Carmelized onion four-cheese--delicious.    Beer (champagne aged?) was great too!First-time visit and I was impressed with beer, food, and the atmosphere was lively and bustling. About a $14 cab ride from the area near City Hall\Reading Terminal Market/ downtown Marriott. Worth it. In an old firehouse, so that's cool. Next door is their cannery and lounge. Flights available, tried all the beers, all were quite good. The IPA brewed with wheat malt and orange peel was my fave, like a white IPA, called Winter Haze. Seasonal although I would vote for year-round for this beaut. Loved the food. They have an open flame brick oven firing up an array of pizzas with all kinds of toppings, cheeses, and options. The menu had a lot of good choices, veg options, I saw a lot of things I liked but they had me at pizza, once I saw they had anchovies as a topping. Nice crust, I wanted more anchovies and the pizza man quickly brought me more and they had been warmed. Brilliant, as adding cold anchovies just isn't the same, it needs to meld with the sauce. But the real star of the evening from my perspective was the fried Brussels sprouts. The best I've ever had. Crispy bits, dressed with salt and lemon. I almost licked the plate. If there was ever a dish that could win over a Brussels sprouts hater, this is surely it. Seriously, you must try them. And do pair them with the Winter Haze, as the lemony citrus notes make these two fit like a hand in a glove.Being a former resident of the West Philly/University City borderland, I have visited Dock Street Brew Co. on several occasions.  Never, on any of those occasions, have I experienced the poor service as mentioned in prior reviews.  Thursday night is my go-out-and-be-social-without-my-boyfriend night, and hence it is the night I most often went to Dock Street.  Perhaps Thurs. night is the best time to go for the best service?  Between 8 & 10pm the place isn't that crowded.  As far as the food goes...when writing reviews, I don't like to comment on the food & drink since taste is purely a subjective matter.  What I will say about the beer and food is that both were of the quality fitting of the prices charged- if not slightly better.  My final word of advice- sit outside if you can, since it is a bit noisy inside (re:clanging plates & silverware echoing off the concrete floor).Probably my favorite pizza in the city. The Florentine pizza with red sauce and pepperoni.  I've had it there many, many times throughout the years, and its always good. I've had good burgers and calamari here as well. 
Been here for a 5k charity run, and at the end, you got a free beer! 
Their staple Rye IPA is always a winner in my book, and they always have new creations ready to share, as well as special releases that they bottle for sale. They also have a few six packs and growler fills for their beer.  Normally I go with the IPA, saison, or a special bottle.
Never had to wait too long for a table to pop up and service has always been good and fast to me at least. It helps when you order everything right away.Went to Dock Street tonight after hearing great things about it from a good friend, so my expectations were pretty high.  I started off with the Hop Garden Double IPA, which I really enjoyed, and the boyfriend had the Rye IPA, which he really liked and had a few more of.  I had heard the pizza was dynamite, so I ordered the Fig Jam - smoked bacon, gorgonzola, figs.  It was good, but not amazing.  Boyfriend had 1/4 chicken and liked it pretty well.  
Overall, I liked the beer, and would definitely try the food again, but I was hoping for more.  Atmosphere is also a little lacking - it seemed sort of cold (and not just the temperature).This is the kind of place West Philly loves, which is to say the kind of place that wouldn't make it in, say, either of the Portlands or Brooklyn or Chicago or, for that matter, Madison, WI. 
The pizza is good, yes, but only if by good your comparison point is other neighborhood pizza places. 
The people who work here hate hate hate their customers. 
And if you don't order the pizza, well, veggie burgers that are charred on the outside and frozen in the middle (no exaggeration); calamari as slimy and fishy as vomit. 
The beer, which is what we're here for, right?, is pretty tame and safe; one high note is the Rye IPA, but you can get that same beer at White Dog or Queen of Sheba for the same price ($6) but a real pint (16 full ounces) instead of the delicate lady's glass you'll get at the actual establishment.
So, really, my two cents say that the best way to enjoy Dock Street is to go somewhere other than Dock Street.Fun place to go if you are looking for a nice night out in west phily. I've been here with my boyfriend for a dinner date and with a friend for dinner as well. Both times I got pizza and both times it was a pretty long wait because the restaurant was packed. I didn't mind either time because I had nowhere to be afterward. Also, it was nice of the servers to warn us both times about the anticipated longer than normal wait. I had their nice things ipa and was impressed. Delicious! Their pizza is very very good and made in a wood burning oven to get that smokey taste and soft and slightly crunchy texture. Last night I had their fig jam pizza. Oh baby was it good! I will be coming back here but definitely not if I have somewhere to be afterwards!best pizza in philly, holy shit - spread the word!!!!!!!!!!!!!Terrible place to get a beer. I would recommend going to one of the other breweries. I definitely don't recommend the drumpf beer. The staff and owner of this establishment are tasteless and crude.This is an old review from a couple years ago. But I had my birthday gathering here and they were very accommodating. I picked the pizzas out beforehand so they were prepared for our reservation, and paying was a cinch. Great casual atmosphere with good food. My favorite is the Parma pizza by far! As some had never been there before, they loved getting the beer flights.As long as it's not too busy, I really like this place. I can relate to Josh F's experience of ridiculously slow service. It seems that as long as you arrive before 8:30 or 9, the crowd isn't too bad.
The food is nothing special but the ingredients are always fresh (except for the fish) and there is casual fare for everyone, whether your vegetarian or a meat eater, starving or in the mood for something light. My boyfriend and I tend to split the Vegan pizza which we thoroughly enjoy even though we're not vegan.
Some of the beers are better than others. I'm a big fan of the Sudan Grass which is made with some sort of grass instead of wheat. It's really refreshing. The Golden Stock Ale is also top notch. Occasionally some of their beers have overly eccentric flavors which get old after a while but over all, good beer!I think that over the years the service here has only improved, the beer has become more consistent, and the pizza has remained awesome.  I can't say enough about the pizza as it is always very good and it is still amongst my favorite, even with the new "gourmet" pizza places opening up all over the city.  
The beer is very good and interesting.  They make the only pumpkin beer that I like.  There are subtle flavors in the beers, instead of overwhelming ones. The Man of Trouble porter is always good, as is the Rye IPA, and the pilsner.  Whatever mood you are in, there is surely a beer to satisfy you.
Keep it up, Dock Street.I work in West Philly and love coming here for happy hour. Appetizers are only $2.50 and are DELISH. I like the panzarotti, they're sorta like mini calzones. 
The beers are great. My favorites are the OMG Pale Ale and the Bubbly Wit. Both are clean and citrusy. 
Pizzas are also great and big enough to share between two people.The food is decent, but the lack of beer options can make this hit or miss. 
Location-wise it isn't the the most convenient, but the six pack deals are awesome.This is the place to go for a taste of specialty beers and brick oven-fired pizza in West Philly, and possibly in all of Philly. The prices are better than at Nomad's, while the quality is comparable (the style is slightly different). The individual sized pizzas are $9-10 and the toppings are delicious. (Large pizzas are about twice the cost.) 
I've been here many times and have always had consistently great experiences. I have introduced this place to many friends, none of whom have ever been unimpressed. My personal favorite pizzas are the Parma, the Flammenkuche, the Sicilian, the A La Cocca... oh wait, I just realized I was about to name the entire pizza menu. I guess you can't go wrong with any of them. The crust is perfectly charred and the amount of toppings is just right. This place has ruined regular take-out pizza for me. I really can't go back. 
The other foods here are also good. They have a decent selection of appetizers, salads, and sandwiches. They also have dessert. I've never had anything here that made me regret my decision to come in, but given that you can get similar non-pizza items elsewhere, I would stick with the pizzas when dining here.One of my favorite places in West Philly! The beer is good and the pizza is better. Try the trio fries for an appetizer if you're here.I would have given it 5 stars if the beer selection was much better. Every time I go in there, there is only a handful to choose from and I may be like one or two. I give 4 stars because I love that section of Philadelphia, and because the pizzas are to die for, amazingly delicious.The Best point blank. I got friend's that want to go there everytime there on my side of town. How many places grill chicken, make fresh pizza in your face and TASTE BEER while you buy. Hello it ain't delivery and it's not Digiorno. Beat me there don't meet me there.I am decidedly not a beer person (I'm more of a wine person) but ordered at ABT 12 and it was delicious. I'm not gonna pretend like I know how describe beer profiles, but it was slightly sweet, nutty, and not too hoppy and might I say a bit crisp. Also ordered the sausage pizza and it was awesome. Expertly thin crust, chewy dough, plentiful sausage, sweet onions and great sauce. Oh and our  waiter Roman was super friendly and attentive. Overall good neighborhood spot.Went for a Saturday afternoon brewery tour and had a great experience. The brewery tours have to be booked online in advance. They have a nice selection of brews with something for everyone including IPAs and lighter beers. On the tour you get to sample. We contemplated getting a growler to fill up with some brews to take home because they were a pretty good deal. 6 packs to go are only $11.50, comparable to many other microbrewery prices. The tour was a good experience. They explained the process, the history of Dock street and told us some amusing anecdotes about the business. On the tour we got to try some of the brews that are coming up next, and I am excited to come back here to try them once they are on tap.
And the pizza- WOW! It smells amazing and tastes just as good. This is probably the best pizza in town that I have tried thus far. The dough is soft and flavorful and they must use some amazing olive oil because it was superb. The freshness can't be beat.So hot and humid in here.  Give me a beer.  Wait, you only serve like 5 beers?  One liquor drink only after 9pm?  Hmmm.  I must not be "cool" or "hip" enough to enjoy this torture.
Weirdest wait staff.
Decent pizza?  Not sure, but I ate it anyway.
I doubt I'll go back to find out if I could potentially like this place when I'm not dehydrated from the heat inside.This place has great pizza at a affordable price and I love that the beer is made in house and it's well made. The service was a wee bit slow but it was a Friday night so I'm not angry. You can tell that it has a wee bit of a hippie vibe to it and it is usually not my scene but I enjoyed it and I'll definitely come back!I must agree with other reviewers here that I WANT to like this place more.  Cool atmosphere in an old fire station.  The beer has always been tasty.  The food is pretty good too.  They focus on the pizza which is tasty.  I wouldn't recommend against trying it, especially if you live in the area.  But . . . I've always considered it a bit over priced for what it is I guess...  Many other great local beers can be garnered a lot more cheaply at better restaurants in more interesting sections of the city.  It's just how it is...The food and beer were wonderful! The trio fries are incredible! Potatoes, sweet potatoes, and leeks, all fried together! The vegan pesto warp and hummus were great, and my friend liked her fish and chips. The service was absolutely perfect!!!I came here on a Monday night with a group of friends for pizza and drinks. Both the pizza and beer were high quality and I thoroughly enjoyed both. 
I ordered the Parma pizza, which has prosciutto and multiple types of cheese, and it was very, very good. I am partial to proscuitto, but I really liked the way the tastes of the different types of cheeses came together. There are beers for every taste as well, I had the Beer of Excellence, which I really enjoyed. 
My only complaint was that the service was extremely slow. Maybe this was because it was a Monday night and it wasn't that bus. However, I look forward to coming here again soon!We have been many times over the past several years and made a stop today to get some pizza - because they're pizza may be more reason to visit than the beer - very delicious.
Vibe is great, with a nice location on tree filled Baltimore Ave near an open triangle along the street which makes for great outside seating. Inside is open with high ceilings and long bar perpendicular to the entrance.
Quality of the food and beer are very good. Beer selection is usually about 6 taps with a cask ale. Food selection is sandwiches, salads and pizzas. The pizza is probably our favorite in the city, nice thin flat crust with good sauce and cheese. We crave it.
Service seems to be good across the team, nothing to note or complain about. 
Selection of taps is somewhat limited compared to some other brewpubs, which may limit variety.
Food is quality, but I'm basing this on our craving of their pizza. It is exceptional, starting with the crust which is thin and crisp on the bottom, sauce is flavorful and the cheese is plentiful.My husband and I ordered 2 pizzas and 2 salads, to go. One of the salads was a Ceasar. The price was $6.95...it literally came with a few sprigs of yellow romaine and a container of dressing. No parm, no croutons. To top it off the lady who took our order was so mean....will not be back for over priced food and poor service.Pizzas are really very good and this is probably my favorite place to go to for gourmet pizza. The mellow yellow is my favorite that hey offer. It's pretty high up on my list of all time best pizza. The souness of the vinegar and the tang of the gruyere make an nice flavor profile. Flammenkuche, fig jam, Sicilian (add anchovies for amazingness), and Parma all really good.
Beers are ruitinely good. The only really great beer I've had from these guys is the Johnny Berlinerweisse. 
So, 5 for pizza, 4 for beer.Locals, be ready for security at the front door and a limited selection of actual alcohol. Bring cash and patience during a busy night because the front manager will hustle you to eat and drink, quick.  Delicious pizza tho!West Philly and beer equals Dock Street in my mind after this. We searched for a spot to meet with my friend and while we were waiting got the trio fries. Fries, sweet potato fries and leeks. Leeks are tasty, kids and while not a real fan of sweet potato or fries they were pretty good too. The fries? Fries are always tasty. I also started out with their rye ipa which was good. I'm not generally a fan of RyePAs but the subtle rye flavor was there without blinking out the hops flavor.The hops also weren't overpowering the rye either. We also got the Flammenkuche pizza which had enough bacon in it to keep me interested but with other toppings that made it more than just bacon pizza. 
The man full of trouble is a good porter with a tasty, creamy finish. The Irish stout like a classier, lighter bodied Guinness and the cranberry kölsch is fruity but surprisingly better than a "chick" beer.I'm not much of a beer drinker, so I can't comment on their beers. I hear their growlers are a great deal.
But damn, their pizza is good! Recently had the Flammenkuche, have also had the Fig Jam and Brie pizzas. All (especially Flammenkuche) are deeeelicious.
Space is very loud, service is mediocre. But it's a cool place with excellent pizza.I don't get to West Philly much, but when I do!
I love the space, it's so darkly cozy, and it doesn't feel strained for either a couple or a group.
Good pizzas, nice beers, outside seating a plenty.Went here yesterday as a party of 7.  We sat right down in a cozy corner, and were totally WOWed from that point onwards.  We wanted beers, and Danny, our server, made some awesome recomendations.  We enjoyed several pitchers throughout the duration of the evening.  Then we got food... I went for a greek salad with beets.  It was pretty standard, but I knew i wasn't ordering the most exciting thing on the menu... and being the day after new years.. .that was fine by me.  Some of the other people in our party got more adventurous though... and the array of pizzas ordered blew my mind!  Bacon and fig, barbequed chicken, tons of cheese and proschutto, and then the classic margarita... which i had a bite of.  The pizzas are delicious no matter what your taste!  They're cheezy, but not too cheezy, PACKED full of flavor, and a good size for the money... and for your tummy.  I didn't quite have orderers remorse, but I really want to come back here and do it right!
Also worth mentioning- the staff is amazing, you can buy a craft case of bottled-there-beers to go, and the decor is just so cool.  It feels like a ski lodge (or maybe that's because it was snowing while we were there?)
We'll be back!The best thing about Dock Street Brewing is, of course, the beer. Oh, the beer. So good! Their cranberry Kolsch was deliciously refreshing (And served in the right "stange" glass too, beer nerds). 
Dock Street does a "tasting" of all their beers on tap-- this is the best way to pass a lazy afternoon, especially if you add a basket of their frite/sweet potato/leek fries. This is the best bar snack I have ever had, people, the Platonic Ideal of bar snacks. Get a large, or you and your friends will come to blows over the last bite of salty, crispy leek. Don't say I didn't warn you. 
Is Dock's basket better than the frites at Monks? I think it is! Oh heresy! *ducks a hail of angry frites*Tried this place with a couple of friends and we liked this place just fine.
The Trio Fries were surprisingly good, especially with the way they cook the leeks to a crispy texture.
We got the Flammenkuche pizza and one other I forget but nevertheless, it was some real good and flavorful pizza.
We had the Rye IPA and it was definitely different and interesting in taste and it was quite good.
Nice environment with a small park looking across the street for the view if you choose to sit outside instead.I finally made it to Dock Street.  Halle-freakinglujah!
I have no excuse for taking this long to get here.  I've been drinking Dock Street beers for a few years and I've lived in Philly a few years.  This is my tale.
I finally came here after work on Friday with some co-workers.  We walked into the Man on Fire taproom and grabbed seats at one of the rickety high tops.  I began with a flight of beers.  From light to dark, I didn't prefer the kolsch or the pilsner but the Rye IPA and the Satellite Stout definitely made it in my book.
We ordered fried calamari and a Flammenkuche.  The calamari was perfectly cooked, not rubbery in the least and had a tangy dipping sauce.  The pizza which I probably would have passed over was thin and crispy just the way a pizza should be.  The creme fraiche really made it.
I'm sold on this place.  It took me too long to get here and well I'm going to have to start making up for lost time.The place is incredible. It is a little out in west Philly, but you won't feel it that way. I went there just one time, but definitely planning to visit again. 
Beer selection is great. I order the beer sample and from there selected the one that I like it the most. If you can manage to sit outside, the experience only gets better.
I tried the pizza with the caramelize onions and the margarita one. The one with onions was much much better. I highly recommended. 
Overall, the service was amiable and quick. The waiter always kept our glass full of water and as soon as our beer was almost done, he came to ask us if we wanted another one. If you are looking for a place to hang out with a date or friends, you should go there.Went here on the recommendation of our Airbnb host.  It was a great introduction to West Philly breweries. My wife and I loved the Rye IPA (very well balanced and spicy!) and the Cascade IPA (floral and dry). The trio fries were great, but a little burnt IMHO. Never had leek fries...they are my new favorite! We split a small vegetarian pizza (creme fraiche base, sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, spinach)...fantastic and perfectly cooked!  Service was great and kept the beer flowing.Once again, great pizza (crispy thin crust, delicious toppings). Beer made  on premises: excellent (and I'm not generally a beer fan). And the scene on Saturday night is lively and makes one feel that West Philly is a weekend night destination. The big room was full when we arrived but we found 2 seats at the corner of the bar, and had our meal there. Perfect. Saw lots of friends coming and going. Our server - the bartender - was nice if a little confused by the needs of all the people around him.I attended this location with a group of 10 ladies for a special premiere of walking dead. I was unaware that 8pm on a Sunday evening was not regular business hours so I was disappointed to say the least when the only food options available were slices of pizza and only plain or pepperoni at that . Seriously only pizza slices ??
I also noticed that all of our water glasses were different sizes. From huge to teeny tiny. I unfortunately received a teeny tiny class and had to keep having it refilled. (annoying)
The pizza was tasty however and our server was very attentive and friendly. I'd give it another try so I can have my choice of the menu.Where to start... What appeared to me first was that the atmosphere was top notch. The servers were super friendly. The decor was very well done with a fun punk theme. And the view of the beer brewing process is always a great idea! As for the food and drink- amazing. The beers were all really good in their prospective types. I recommend just getting the flight and try all six, you'll probably appreciate each one even if a porter or a stout isn't your cup of tea. The brick oven pizza is just the icing on the cake with delicious crust and pizza options! Only drawback? The website isn't updated enough and although the beer is inexpensive, the serving sizes are all slightly smaller than normal sizes. But the pluses certainly outweigh the minuses of this place. In fact, I can't wait to go back!Great atmosphere albeit a little dark and can get crowed but that's due to popularity,  they also have outdoor seating. We ordered tri fries which tasted great,  potato, sweet potato and leeks all deep dried together. Then we ordered 2 of the small size pizzas for my so and I. A small pizza was a good size for one person to eat alone. Both of the pizzas we ordered were very good.  Our server was very friendly and great,  very knowledgeable about what was being served,  and even though it was so busy service was on time and not slow.  Beer was wonderful. They even have  a barrel tap which is an interesting take on beer,  they even sold the beer in 6 packs,  growers and kegs.  We ended with a wonderful tiramisu.Well. I know a 3 seems really low for a place with fantastic beer.  I have no complaints - only compliments - about the beer. But the food? I was disappointed by the execution of what was described and what was delivered. For example, I ordered a spring mix salad, and it was only spring mix. Not a tomato, not any other vegetable on top. There were two, crisp baguette slice croutons on the side which was nice. But a pile a spring mix is not really a salad.
I also ordered the Mellow Yellow pizza. It promised yellow mustard, creme fraiche, portobello and white mushrooms, mozzarella, gruyere and scallions. It had all of these things but in a proportion that surprised me. It was very heavy on the cheese and just a few scattered pieces of mushroom. Not really even a sprinkling. The crust tasted good, but it was weighed down by the overload of cheese.
There is nothing terribly wrong with this restaurant, but with all of the other bars in the city with great food and beer (Local 44 for example) I won't go back.Seating is a little tough but the food is delicious and the beer is wonderful. Get the fig jam pizza and the veneto. You won't regret either.
Buy yourself a growler and come back for refills.If  Dock Street wasn't so far away from my place, I think I would order their pizza regularly. I've had the Margarita pizza a bunch of times and have never been disappointed. It's thin crust and all the ingredients are really fresh. The pies themselves are pretty large, larger than most of the other pies except maybe Allegro's in the West Philly area. The fries are also pretty damn good. As for the beer, it isn't too bad considering it is brewed on site. My favorite is probably the Bohemian pils, and whatever seasonal brew they have there during the summer. The staff are usually pretty nice, none are too chatty but they get the job done. The prices aren't too bad, for some reason I feel like it should be a little cheaper but its definitely tolerable. All in all Dock street is pretty cool to go hang out at every now and then and grab some dope pizza.Yeahhhhhhh friendly staff, delish pizza & all-business brews! Go and bring friends :DAwesome beer selection. But nothing compares to their pizzas! I had a delcious breakfast pizza - one that I had never tried before- and it was orally stimulating. Every bite was a piece of deliciousness. If you like creative places with a fun, young, and delicious environment, check out Dock Street!Mmmm, beer. Mmmm... brick oven pizza. 
This is one of my hangouts of choice on weekend nights in West PHilly. The beer is always good, the food is good (for what it is--if you're looking for a three-course gourmet meal, go elsewhere.) The service... well, that's hit or miss. They seem to be understaffed on the weekends. Most of the waitstaff are friendly and competent, it's just that there aren't enough of them. Other than that, I can't complain. As a huge fan of both craft beers and pizza, I couldn't be happier that this place exists.Great craft beers at reasonable prices, unique pizza toppings.Enjoyable Brewery / Pub...   Excellent beer and food.
Sunday brunch was fun with great music.
I will be back for sure!This bar is what greatly improved Baltimore avenue!!! So happy to have it around. I love how they make beer on site. The beer is super awesome and there is always variety. We can also take our favorite  beer out in growlers!! Yay!!!! The pizza is superb!
Also during the summer super awesome outdoor seating!Dock Street is perfection. It has the best gourmet pizza in Philly, and the best house brew to go with pizza in Philly. I have never been done wrong, in any season. 
Some of my favorite pizzas:
Fig jam pizza (comes with bacon)
Flamenkuche 
Pear and Brie
The beer is made in house - you can see the brewery past the kitchen and pizza oven. Their summer ales are amazing. Actually, I'm a cider drinker but always love the beer at Dock Street. They only have the beer they brew, and some wines, so a limited selection if you aren't into craft beer. But really, why bother going to a brewery?
The restaurant is located inside an old fire station, and is very rustic and loud. They have outdoor tables that are perfect in nice weather, especially when events are happening in the park across the street. And when you've had your fill, head over to Little Baby's iced cream a block over for electric but delish ice cream flavored.Dock street just so happens to be at the end of my corner, so when it first opened I thought "OH! WHAT CONVENIENCE!"
The only problem is that a beer is $4 plus tip so an average night of drinking would end up costing $20 for beer and then another $10 for a personal pizza. This quickly drove me into the poor house...but for good reason!
The beer is great (my favorite was the espresso) and the pizza is some of the best in the city. I would definitely consider this place a must if you frequent west philly. The staff is also super warm and friendly and they'll talk with you for hours.
The UPenn kids are still pretty petrified of anything past 45th street so the crowd at Dock Street is definitely well behaved (being mostly residents from 47th to 50th), but sometimes loud.
All in all, Dock Street is a great place for food AND drink. Just be prepared to spend more than you normally would on pizza and beer.
Oh, most of the beers have a pretty hefty alcohol content too.
Ye be warnedIt's a good place to order take out, but even if you call first it takes forever! I love the vegan pizza with pesto, no complaints, really good crust. 
The beer is good. The service is OK. Sitting inside is strange because you can't hear the person next to you because the sound just bounces off the cement walls and floor....hello? Acoustics?? 
One time I went and our waiter had THE worst smelling feet! I mean every time he came over....it REEKED of FUNK! If you are going to work in the food industry defunkisize yourself before coming to work! 
Bottom line: Either order take out and eat it at home where the only feet you smell are your own, OR eat outside (which is lovely when weather permits and has proper ventilation)For my first review I will appropriately pick the place where I heard about yelp. Last night I met a good friend for a refreshing bevvy (the summer selection I believe) and the Dock's fantastic brie and pear pizza. Yeah, I said BRIE and PEAR on a PIZZA! Dock St. is my favorite place to be on a summer afternoon sitting outside with good friends good food and drink. This place is definitely where the hipsters go, nevertheless it's fantastic. Always a good eclectic crowd with good eclectic music, I would recommend this to all my friends.I think that the pizza here is very good. I think the beer here is pretty good. I think that the prices are reasonable. I like the sidewalk dining in the summer (if not too hot). And after dinner I like to go across the street to Little Baby's for ice cream. I wish this place delivered.Ordered a rye shandy, which is whiskey, rye IPA, and ginger ale. It was pretty good, and only $5 (on Saturdays). I didn't try any of the food, but have heard the pizza is pretty good. Kind of has a hip grunge feel to it. For a busy night we got seated pretty quickly, and the waitstaff was very attentive (almost too attentive, she asked us if he were okay every five minutes or so).Came here from out of town on a Thursday night for some good eats and beer at the recommendation of some friends. Three hours later, left happy:
- Food: impressive range of pizzas at reasonable prices with some salads/sandwiches thrown in for diversity. We tried the Parma pizza (tasty, less prosciutto than expected but well balanced), the sausage calzone (awesome; caramelized onions definitely a highlight), and the plain Americana pizza (...plain). Being from NY we have pretty high pizza standards and this definitely stands up. 
- Drinks: Beer is their thing, and they opt for quality over quantity in terms of options. Maybe 6 beers on tap but all brewed in house. We settled in with the Berlin Summer Ale which was light with a tangy finish. Also tried the Prisoner of Hell which was overwhelming at 8% ABV but flavorful to say the least. 
- Service: attentive, quality service. Zero wait on a Thursday evening. 
- Ambience: nice, abundant, dog-friendly outdoor seating; spacious interior. 
Overall a great experience and would absolutely come back. No frills, comfortable place to have pizza and beer with your friends.Great Pizza each bite one tastes the freshness of ingredients. Amazing beer a must anytime in Philly!So i live on the wrong side of Philly to be as in love with DS as I am, however, I'm not ashamed to admit, I love it quite a bit. Places like this make me think I could even move over to the B-more side of town (except then I think about public transportation, hyperventilate, and stay living on center city) 
Dock street has great beer and great eats. it's slightly pricey, but as long as you come prepared for that it's good times. It's a noisy space, but fun, friendly even. I think calling it a gem is pretty accurate - although I think this area has a decent number of secretly awesome places, so its a gem among other gems. 
I definitely look forward to more trips here even if it is on the other side of town- it's worth the trip.I came here recently with some friends and it was totally unplanned. I have been wanting to come here in the past but plans have fallen through and I never quite made it.  So when we finally came here, I was super excited as I've heard many great things about it.  First impression, the place isn't very big but had a nice rustic industrial yet homey feel to it with the wooden tables.  
Being a fan of beer, first order of business was to order a beer especially since i was dining at a brewery.  Being fall is pretty much around the corner, the pumpkin porter was a no brainer! Hahaha. It had a dark brown color with a light cream colored head. The pumpkin flavor wasn't very strong, I personally would've preferred more and a thicker porter.  It was more like a black ale to me.  Overall, it was easy to drink.  
The pizza was really delicious! With the toppings they offered, you really cant go wrong with any of them.  The pizza is thin and crispy, just the way I like it!  The crust is really good and has a nice chew to it! 
We also ordered the trip fries! There are tree different types of potatoes with leeks! I love a nice crispy fry and crispy they were. The leeks in the description was what got me interested because I love anything in the onion family.  Unfortunately, the leek was overly dehydrated in my opinion and lost a lot of its flavor.  I would've preferred the leeks to be less fried and had more of its familiar texture and flavor.  But the fries were still pretty appetizing!
I hope to randomly find my way here more often. There's so many beers and pizza I want to try! Oh, their sandwiches are really good too!  I didnt personally try it but my gf did and she didnt share with me. So I assumed it was pretty good! Hahaha.arguably the best pizza in philly. the beer is also unreal. and the combination made my eyes roll to the back of my head. also in one of the coolest spots in philly. highly recommend. good energy here.TERRIBLE service.  Came in and sat down at the bar, right in front of the kitchen doors.  There was TONS of staff, standing behind the counter there, walking in and out of the kitchen.  I was there a WHILE with menus in hand.  Nobody even looked at me let alone greeted me.  Left hungry and annoyed.  How hard would "hi" be?  Wont be returning.  Pretentious and tbh I dont love their beer anyway.Something has happened in the past couple of months --- people working here have grown much friendlier. Not saccharine or anything. Just kind.
Also, I discovered their pitchers, which unlike their pints are poured to the brim. A pitcher of the Rye IPA plus a couple of their amazing pizzas makes for a super sweet evening.We stopped here before dinner to grab a snack and a beer.  The neighborhood was kinda confusing to me.  As we walked around the are I was scared in one block and window shopping in the next
 We went in on a warm day and did not feel any air conditioning inside.  The outside seating seemed nice but was full.  The place was packed on a weekend so I expected good food.
 I was not disappointed.  The pizzas looked amazing.  I got the Saison DuPotts and it was awesome.  The Pale Ale my wife got was also very good.  I find that sometimes microbrewerys have either too watery or too bitter beer.  It seems like here they know what they are doing.
 We didn't eat much but we did get the trio fries.  The fried leeks were awesome.  Also they use organic beef and chicken for the green people.  Prices are a little high but its a good place to tryThey can be a bit slow, but the pizza is well worth it! My favorites are the barbeque chicken pizza and the fig jam pizza.hipster galore. 
i was visiting philly for the weekend and my friend brought me here for dinner yesterday.  total hipster chill out zone, from the waiters, bearded bartenders, atmosphere and the bottle soft drinks.  though not my usual kind of scene, the pizza was pretty unique and delicious.  we got the bbq chicken that had a spicy tang to the sauce and some flammunchke.adjfalkd that i can't pronounce or spell that tasted great with its creme fraiche and smoked bacon toppings.  
besides its great pizza, the concept and events that dock street has sounded pretty cool like movie tuesdays. also i liked how prompt and pleasant the service was.  our waitress misheard our order and gave us the wrong pizzas at first, but she promptly and gracefully fixed it without being a grouch.  extra tip for that :)Pizza and beer is what Dock St does really well... last night we ordered 2 small pizzas and 1 large pizza for 4 people - it was just the right amount.  The parma pizza is excellent; the sausage pizza also really good; the vegetarian pizza was good but I prefer my pizza with a little meat. We also ordered some vegetable fries as an appetizer which were definitely overcooked and kind of burnt.  We also shared 2 pitchers of beer (Bohemian Pilsner and OMG) - both were really good.
Service was pretty slow but we were seated quickly and were catching up with friends over beer while we waited for the pizza (about an hour in total?!).  The atmosphere is always nice - lots of chatter and people catching up with friends over pizza.
Price is pretty reasonable - $60 for 3 pizzas and 2 pitchers of beer for 4 people.  Not bad. 
I'd recommend it to anyone as a cool west Philly spot.  When the weather is good, it's nice to sit outside and watch the street trolley roll on by.So you know that awkward first meeting with a friend's new significant other? The one where you have to force your own significant other into going with such lines as "he's supposed to be pretty cool" or "it'll be fun, I promise" or even the super supportive "suck it up, it's only an hour"? Well that was my evening last night at Dock Street Brewing Co. Luckily, the guy was cool and even more importantly (for a yelp review) the food was a total winner and everyone was happy!
Dock street is the perfect place for a group that likes beer and pizza. It's pretty much that simple. The beer is a cut above the average selection because they make all their own beers and the varieties change fairly frequently (be sure to get the satelite chocolate stout brew when it comes out). The pizza is also above average with creative combinations like fig jam with gorgonzola and bacon (not as sweet as you would think and totally delicious). You can get  a plain cheese, but why would you when you have options like prosciutto or pears? I had the A La Greek which is pretty much a greek salad on top of a pizza. It was super yummy and I'm looking forward to round two at lunch today.
The highlight of the evening though was a beer on their current list called Triskaidekaphilia Dunkel Weisse. Don't try to pronounce it, but definitely try it. Everyone at the table sucked mine down leaving me only a sip so before leaving we had a full round and a growler to go. All I can say is "banana". I don't know why it works or if it even really should but it was a complete hit and everyone that drank the growler later that night was equally enamored with the dark banana beer with the name noone could remember.
As for the standard review questions:
Ambiance: 3, nothing notable - just a big room with a bar along one end. They do have outside seating when the weather is nice though.
Service: 3, I've had good and bad experiences. More often than not it's just slow, not bad, just a bit slow.
Price: We had four pizzas, two rounds of beers and a side salad for about $65 so definitely worth every penny.I've visited several times over the last year. Good pizza and craft beer. Relaxed environment.Nothing was bad, nothing was memorable.   I could have easily had the same meal, experience, service at any chain restaurant I think.  Their pizza is so.....boring.  In this day and age of Vetri, Stella, Nomad, pizza trucks, Kermit, Beddia, Pizza Brain, this place doesn't really hold a light.  
I do like it for this neighborhood because I like the neighborhood.  The craft beer, and the bike cafe attachment makes for a sufficient hipster hangout, but for food,  I'd likely go elsewhere.I have been dying to check out dock street ever since I heard they have some of the most flavorful pizza in philly. Anddd as far as I can tell, the rumor has proved to be true!
Gathered some friends up and used university city dining days as an excuse to finally trek to the west philly establishment.  Lo and behold - a beautiful brick building silhouetted by the post-storm sunlight. The inside? An open yet dimly-lit dining room encased in an air of rusticness.   And although there were no lit cigarettes in the crowd, the space had a somewhat "smoky" feel - hello, enhanced coziness.  
$15 prefixed menu including a house salad, 6 of their to-die-for pizzas and dessert (tiramisu, canoli and some type of cake that's apparently not worth the sliver they give you - thanks for letting us know, punk rock chris).  Tried the Sicilian and Buffalo Chicken pizzas which were both absolutely amazing followed by a cream-filled canoli. Love.
Oh and their beer!  I had the summer session - crisp, refreshing and overall delicious. Totally wish I could have brought some home but with the lack of bottling facilities and a $34 price tag it's only worth it if you live close enough for easy-access refills.I might be writing this review based on mostly nostalgia, since I'm moving from West Philadelphia in two weeks...my home for almost 6 years.  So maybe take this review with a grain of salt (like Capogiro's "Salt" gelato...read my review...plug.)  But recently, I've been learning to control my guttural reactions to things.  So you could also take this review with A LOT of salt.  
I truly do like Dock Street.  Their beer is good...the Rye IPA and the not-available-now "Gold Stock."  I give them props for their smallish brewery.  Their pizza is delicious...always.  Flammenkuche is by far my favorite, with caramelized onions, bacon, gruyere, creme fraiche, fresh thyme...a delightfully fresh and salty combo.  And then...then there are the fries.  The TRIO of fries, to be exact.  Fried Leeks, sweet and white potatoes.   WOW.  such salty goodness...that they need no special dipping sauce.  The service is ok...not the best.  But really, THIS time, I'm satisfied with the food, with the occasional good service.
So, I think that I really really like salt.  many grains of salt.A little ways out of Philly we took an Uber here from our hotel while in town. The main reason I wanted to go here is not only because I love breweries but because they had a great sounding Session IPA on tap that I read about on their website.  We arrived and got lucky there was 1 open table for 6 and we had 6 people PERFECT. I knew they were known for their pizza so we ordered the prosciutto pizza and the margherita pizza. Both were fantastic and easily fed 6 hungry guys.  Waitress was also great and even though they don't have stickers or coasters she tracked some down for me and brought them out..VERY good service! But now onto my two complaints..1 it was an oven in there, WAY too warm.  Second, the beer I went there for wasn't on tap..which yeah I know it happens but when I asked about it the waitress said they had it  over a week ago which means their website is updated once or twice a month..not acceptable when you're a brewery and you post a taplist.  If you are going to only update it twice a month, please at least have a date you last updated so I know it's old and I could call to check. But the Rye IPA we got was still pretty good and I do really like this place, just fix two simple problems!one person in my party got a BLUE RUBBER BAND in her pizza. she pulled it out of her mouth!!! the waiter was laughing when we told him. he offered to pay for her pizza (the one she didn't eat because it had a rubber band in it!) then he asked us if we wanted to see the manager. we saw the waiter and manager talking and laughing about it. the manager came over and was pretty rude. he said it there was a rubber band in the pizza it would have melted during the cooking process?? we were pretty upset at this point and the manager said, "What do you want me to to about it?" we told him to figure it out, we were not here to tell him his job. as a last resort, he said ,"What, do you want me to pay for your entire bill?" we said YES and then he said, FINE and walked away. What an awful way to treat guests who just found a foreign contaminant in their food!! I used to bring a group of friends in there monthly but i will NEVER go there again. They really need to brush up on their customer service skills, not to mention their food safety and sanitation skills. DONT GO THERE TO EAT OR IF YOU DO, INSPECT YOU FOOD - and God forbid, don't complain or you will be degraded as we were!!I have had three positive and one negative experience at this place. Three times I had waiters that were awesome, friendly, and patient. I've sat outside and inside - I prefer outside, but sometimes that isn't possible. One time I had a waitress and was with a group - she was so incredibly rude to us. However, I'll go back because the pizza is DELICIOUS. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but my friends that are say they love the beers at this place. I wish they would spice up their alcohol menu a bit so you could get wine and other drinks as well, but I get that they want to uphold their image.I've been to Dock street twice now, and both times have been a great choice. They have a nice collection of beers, and last time I did a flight tasting, decent pours. I had the buffalo pizza which was delish! The dough was thin, but had a nice chew to it. The fiancée had the burger, it was basic, nothing exciting, but it wasn't bad either. The only reason I deducted a star was because of the service. We were seated outside on a nice day, and it was as though Bc we weren't a regular, our server did not check in on us as frequently as the other diners who he had long conversations with. 
Other than that, I would definitely recommend this place.After my first weeknight trip here, I was ready to write a 5 star review for incredible service and incredible pizza.  I decided to backburner it though after reading all of the really negative reviews.  After a Friday night dinner here, I still don't understand the negative comments on the service.  Our first trip here found the bartender chatting with us all night.  This weekend our waiter was busy, but he was nice and plenty attentive.  The margherita pizza is the best I've had in Philly.  The brie pizza is such a wonderful flavor combination, and the bite I tried of my boyfriends de-baconed fig jam pizza was delicious.  They do lose a star for being extremely noisy and not having anywhere to put the immense crowds of people waiting for pizza on a wintry Friday.  I highly recommend this place if you want some pizza (and beer, my co-diners seemed to like the selection here a lot) during the week, but weekend nights, enter at your own risk.WOW. My last review was for another favorite pizza place in the city. Theirs was a solid triple, but Dock Street has just knocked one out of the park.
The food was unbelievable! We started with the Trio fries -- white and sweet potatoes with leeks. I love me some sweet potato fries, and the leeks just sealed the deal on this one. Then the pizza...so many delicious pies to choose from. We ordered two of their 10" individuals ($8-$9 ea.) to split: the Flammenkuche (caramelized onion, apple smoked bacon, gruyere, creme fraiche, fresh thyme) and the Florentine (creme fraiche, spinach, sliced tomato, leeks, fresh herbs, mozzarella). The crust is thin, slight char, but not TOO crunchy. Perfection. My mouth is watering just thinking about the leftover slices in my fridge. The caramelized onions were unbelievable. Vegetable candy, how can you go wrong?
As for the beer: the Saison was soft, not overly hoppy. It was nice, though I prefer Victory's Saison Du Buff (a little more body). Dock Street's Hop Garden Double IPA packs a serious wallop! I'm anxious to try their Rye IPA.
Our server was friendly and attentive when we arrived, and then let us linger without hovering, very nice. The place was pretty empty when we got there and took a table by the window, but a few hours later it was packed. Definitely louder at that point (big open room with high ceilings) but we didn't have any trouble carrying on a conversation.
GREAT food, great price. Dock Street, I will be back!The Parma is fantastic...the calamari, not so much. Good happy hours, movie nights, etc...definitely a cool place!Delicious vegan pizza - check
Option to sit outside - check
Beer - check
Takes credit cards - check! 
What else do you need?  This is THE place to go after class/work to relax and grab some food/brews.Oh Dock Street how I have missed you :-( 
I used to be a regular... Tuesday movie night, random weeknight, any excuse for delicious pizza kind of regular. Unfortunately I moved and cannot get here fast enough or often enough.
I hate artichokes and mushrooms, kinda weird dislike for being a long term veg but whatever.  I will gladly eat these two nasty veggies upon a Dock Street, thin crust, flavor bursting pizza.
Beer is also good stuff, although I wish Bubbly Wit was always in production with my name on the vat.
In order to work here (male) you must have an awesome beard or mustache or combination  of the two.  If you know this before entering then I believe you might enjoy your experience more.  This is West Philadelphia.  This is not a fancy, uppity, let's impress the masses kind of establishment.  This is a drink good beer, eat good pizza, relax and enjoy your time kind of establishment.After walking 3.6 miles from Center City,  I could say it was worth the effort for the combination of  good beer,pizza and lively establishment.  Venetto was our favorite pizza downed with a wit beer.Dock Street Brewery is a great place to relax. They have a great selection of beers, pretty good food, and the wait staff is always attentive. I took 1 star off because the kitchen can get very slow. I understand that Dock Street is making their food from scratch - and I appreciate it! - but don't go there thinking you'll be in and out quickly.As a former fan of Dock Street, it pains me to write a negative review on this site. Unfortunately, my experience last night was extremely upsetting and I feel like I need to warn others. 
I've been going to Dock Street for great beer and delicious pizza for years. Recently, I started following a mostly vegan diet for health reasons, so eating out has become more daunting. I always try to figure out what I can eat before heading to a restaurant so that I don't get stuck once I'm there. I was thrilled when I found out that Dock Street has several vegan options. Before leaving I checked out the menu on their website and looked to see if any events were going on last night - none were listed.  
After we drove the 40 minutes to get to Dock Street, however, we were seated at table with a tiny piece of paper on it stating since the restaurant had to pay a 3% fee every time someone used a credit card, they would no longer be accepting credit cards on Wednesdays. I asked the waitress what the deal was, since there was no sign outside or on the website to warn us, and she said something along the line of "Well, that's how it is and we have no ATM. Sorry." 
We definitely would have just brought cash if we had known this was an issue, but we were stuck with no way to pay. Thank goodness we didn't order a drink before seeing the little note! It wasn't even on a proper sign. Anyway, we had to leave and I was furious, hungry, and embarrassed. We ended up at Memphis Tap Room, though , so all turned out well. That is truly a lovely establishment with good food, plenty of vegan options, a lovely staff, and no shady notes on the table.Love to come here to get the greek salad and margherita pizza.  It's a simple, comfortable, and fun micro-brewery/pizza place and easy to get a table.Sausage is good, decent beers, nice service. Too many families for my taste earlier in the evening, but that's the way it is in this neighborhood I guess...I stayed a an Airbnb house pretty close to this location. Hung out at the bar for a few beers, staff were super nice and fun to be around. Food looked wonderful. The beer was good. I had the Rye IPA. One if the better RYE's I've had in a long time. I would check the place out again if I'm in town.I feel compelled to always split up any restaurant I review, only because the food and drink and the wait service can be completely separate in making or breaking a review.
With all that, the food.
My fiance and I ventured there last evening for pizza and beer. We've been there before and as always, the beer is delicious. I had the Rye IPA, which was what I expected. My fiance wanted the Triskaidekaphilia Dunkel Weisse, but they were out. So, she settled for the Summer Ale, whic she said was good.
We ordered two small pizzas, the Flammenkuche and the Sausage. Both pizzas were great. definitely would go there again based solely on the pizza and beer.
Onto the service. Not up to snuff. It always appears that they run on a slower mode. Lengthy intervals between visits. Once the check is delivered to you, there is a definite lag between dropping it off and picking it up from you. I dunno if they don't want you to feel rushed, but the opposite was felt. Next time we're going to sit at the bar.
The only other thing that wasn't so wonderful was how hot it got in there. My fiance was definitely uncomforatble for the last half of the meal.
Worth the trip if you are in no hurry to do anything else except drink beer and eat pizza. If time contraints are upon you, you might consider somewhere else.Ehh, it's not far from my house & Baltimore Ave has always been colorful, b4 you hipsters "discovered" it! I had a burger and the salad seemed to come from the park across the street. And my glass of beer was warm!!!I had heard a lot of good things about Dock Street, so I was super excited to check it out for an early dinner on New Year's Eve.  Since they don't take reservations, I was worried it would be packed, but was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't.
I have to admit that Dock Street looks like a total dive bar...and this isn't necessarily a bad thing. The venue is converted firehouse, so there's plenty of neat things to look at...even though it's pretty dark inside.  We happened to be there on Tuesday which apparently is movie night. Sadly, we didn't stick around for the movie, but I'd definitely come back to do that one night.
We started our meals with cranberry kolsch and the man full of trouble porter.  The porter was awesome; the kolsch wasn't my cup of tea - it was a little bitter, which I'm assuming is from the cranberries. Round two was much better - the dry Irishman and the bubbly wit. Both were delicious with the bubbly witan my favorite of the night. It was light, bubbly (as the name would imply), and full of flavor. We ended up taking home two growlers that night (the porter and the bubbly wit) at a reasonable price of $15/each.
For food, we started with the calamari. It was a pretty standard dish - a touch salty - but the spicy chipotle mayo that was served with it was fantastic. We decided to split the Flammenkuche and Parma pizzas.  Both were excellent! The crusts were perhaps the best I've had in quite a while - soft and chewy. I liked the Flammenkuche best bc I love caramelized onion and bacon on a pizza. 
Good food, good beer, great service, excellent prices - I'll definitely be back in the near future!The food there was delicious, I highly recommend the Trio Fries App. The beer was good. However I was highly disappointed in the manner which I was treated by the host. 
My partner and I chose this restaurant because we wanted to enjoy the warm summer night with our pup and online it indicated they had outdoor seating and even brought a water dish for your four legged friend. Upon arrival I saw an open table outside. I asked the host, who was wearing a galaxy dress, for outdoor seating. She told me the open table outside was only for parties of 3 or more, which is understandable to an extent. She asked her manager if she could seat me there and they said no. I went outside to ask my partner if we should stay and wait and we agreed we would. Then another couple popped in front of me. This host put them ahead of us on her list even though we were there first. Then she told me one of us had to be inside the restaurant when she called us because she would NOT be taking two steps outside to see us standing there and to seat us, which makes no sense when we are being sat outside and she would have to walk outside anyways. I was not about to spend a half hour by myself at their bar, which is what she suggested, open a tab for one drink and only to close it and not be able to enjoy my drink with my partner who had to wait outside with our dog. The table we were not allowed to sit at outside remained empty for about a half hour, then was sat with a party of two who were waiting for their third person to arrive, who didn't show up until after we had already been sat. Then the other couple who came in after us was sat before us. It started to feel personal, like the host was being accommodating to everyone but us and I'm not sure why. I get that she was doing her job and fallowing the rules she was told to. My complaint comes down to two things- firstly the rules of this restaurant made it difficult to even get sat and the way in which they were enforced by the host was downright rude. While the food was good and the server we had was great, we will not be returning because of the unapologetic host who would not look me in the eye or attempt to be accommodating. Customer service from management and host staff was rude, very rude.Pizza and microbrew beer. $9 flight with 6 beers where you can try all the beers on the menu. Pizza is thin crust with a bit of fluffiness to it. Great during the summertime with the outdoor seating. Inside is really dimly lit and loud. Fig jam pizza is really unique, get it if you want something both sweet and savory.A friend and I came here on a Friday night and they were PACKED, but we only waited about 10 mins for a seat at the bar. The menu was really interesting and it was hard to chose what to order since everything looked so good. We tried the beer flight, and ordered a couple of pizzas (margherita and the brie and pear). The food and beer was super delicious, but the service kinda sucked. That aside, I'll probably be back to try a few other things off the menu.I went to Dock Street with a friend for an and had a good experience. The atmosphere is nice and the service was fine. We had the pita and hummus and then the four cheese pizza. The bread for both the hummus and the pizza was very well baked and tasted fresh. Both dishes were very good overall. As for the beer, I tried two of them, the MFOT and the Royal Bohemian Pils. The MFOT was good, but I enjoyed the Royal Bohemian more. This was a surprise to me as typically I prefer darker beers. Overall, I like this place and would happily take another trip out to West Philly to go again.I was really hoping more from this place.  Pizza was good, beer was great, vegan burger was not to my liking. The reason for the 2 star rating is due to the waitress that was tending to my friend and I.  She was visibly intoxicated and ruined our experience.  Not certain if or when I'll return.basically everything here is great (beer, pizza, trio fries, calzones, etc.).  i've read alot of complaints about the service but ive never had any issues with it.  its certainly not super speedy but i find dock street a good place to just hang out with friends so i'm never in a big rush.  the staff has always been very friendly.  the prices could be a little lower, but 4 bucks for a true micro isnt bad, and the pizza is so delicious they could probably charge more and i'd still eat there.  
their keg prices are fantastic though.I am embarressed to say that as a phildelphian who loves craft beer and really good food, i am just making it to Dock Street , but all i have to say is WOW!!! They had really great service, some very solid beers, and the food was pretty good as well.
The service, our bartender was litterally in 10 places at once as it was super crowded and he seemed to have half of the tables in the place, but man, he didn't miss a beat, he was on it, "another beer," "pizza'll be right out," etc...
The beer, i really liked the russian imperail stout, which was around 10%, I liked it so much that I had 3 of them, lol, yep, in addition to a couple of their rye ipa's, that were pretty good but no founders red's rye. For those of you who are readin this and have no clue what a rye ipa is, it is an ipa (India Pale Ale, very hoppy/bitter beer) brewed with rye instead of barley, for a bit of mellower taste as compared to an ipa brewed with barley.
The food was pretty solid, we got a pizza of some sort, tastey...
So if you haven't been you need to go, and drink some of their beer, which i've seen more and more at different beer bars around the city.Even if you live nowhere near West Philly, Dock Street's worth checking out. Tucked away on the corner of 50th and Baltimore, this monstrosity of a building offers the yuppies of the now gentrified West Philly an oasis for freshly and finely brewed beers. The building's exterior looks like a bank turned brewery.
I'm a fan of the pilsner, and the pizza even lives up to its reputation. I only tried a slice of the plain, but the rest of the menu's offerings looked pretty appealing. The desserts, not quite as tempting and should I say, slightly boring.
It's great to sit outside and enjoy the soundtrack of kids playing in the park across the street. It's definitely one of the best spots for beer in the city, and being there makes you feel like you've discovered something no one else knows about...until you run into a fellow yelper.Pizza and beer.  You really can't go wrong.  I enjoyed their selection of both.  Great for a lunch or a very casual dinner.Such good pizza. The only reason to go past 45th street. Totally worth it, and the beer. Great beer. LOVE their movie nights.First time, I came for a group dinner with over 25 people. One member organized the event and pre ordered the food and just split the bill evenly amongst everyone. From what I heard, he said the restaurant was easy to work with while organizing such an event. Food was good but because the menu was pre decided, I didn't get to try much but the pizza ( margarita and buffalo chicken) I had was average. Plus, the place was very loud and service was relatively slow.
The second time I came, the waitress gave us some serious attitude for wanting to move outside after originally being seated inside (before ordering). But can you blame us after being seated near the door next to a bunch of flies? Got 4 small vegetarian pies for 5 people - all were decent but nothing to call home about. 
Good beer and pizza but just really far from CC. I don't think I'll be back here unless I'm in the area.Pizza here is amazing. The margarita is great and the greek pizza is awesome, but try the mellow yellow: totally weird, but totally delicious. I'd put their crust up there with any of the other snootier pizza places in the city (I'm looking at you Pizza Beddia). 
Other commentors are raving about the trio fries, but I thought they were only mediocre. Also, the beer is only OK, but it's not expensive, so go for it.I only had one beer here, which was good.  My husband and I shared a pizza margarita.  Not my favorite pizza.  Not memorable at all.  What I do remember is the smell of the place.  It was early - maybe 5 pm- but the place smelled like dirty mop beer/ toilet mop water.  Gross.  Maybe it isn't like that all the time.  Maybe the smell goes away after they really get the kitchen crankin.  I don't know.  Change that mop water regularly!This was by far THE WORST dining experience I have ever had. So last night a special person and I decided to have drinks here. We were outside, and up walks the most clumsy waiter I've ever seen. She dropped her tray and notebook on the floor, I asked for reisling which was on the menu and she said, "we don't carry that" she substituted her incompetence by bringing me Chardonnay it was HORRID, tasted like they added rubbing alcohol to it. To make matters worst.....a colossal, New York feline sized rat, YES RAT went traipsing by like a regular ol foodie...we quietly but quickly exited this nightmare on 50th street. 
Disastrous, disgusting, horrible. I shudder to think of what that rat contributed to the meals coming from the kitchen that eveningI've been here a few times and enjoy the great pizza and great beer.  The service could use a bump, you sometimes feel like you're bothering the server when asking for something.  Maybe it's just me, but I've experienced that a few different times and think it's a little odd.  It's an easy five star if the service is right.
Probably my favorite pizza in Philly.Recommend if you around brunch to get the pizza because they were pretty solid. Sadly I didn't try their IPAs. But next visit will surely try it.Ok this place is awesome   Great beer and the calzone I had was great. So often these are overly doughy. Rye IPA on cask was note able but what on cask is not?Sincerely, from the bottom of my heart, the best gourmet pizza in the entire world.Here's some advice to all of you meat lovin' midwesterners out there: nix the beef, add some leeks and consume potatoes. Leeks and potatoes - Dock Street does it right. 
While seasoned fries always trump regular fries, and sweet potato fries always win the prize, there's not a fry dish better than the one served at Dock Street: crispy leeks, mixed with seasoned regular fries (or season them yourself with red pepper flakes, generic green Italian seasoning mix, garlic and salt), and sweet potato fries, this trio is one worth sacrificing calories for.
And to compliment your hipster leeks and frites, do yourself a favor and consume an entire pizza made with fig, gorgonzola, and bacon. (Bacon isn't meat...it's in a food group of its own.)Not gonna lie, I'm cheap. Dock Street is definitely on the higher end of what I'm routinely willing to pay for food, but it does make a nice treat.
Highly recommended - trio fries. I don't even like leeks that much, but they are so worth it!
The pizza is by far the best you'll find around here, in that kinda yuppy gourmet way. Crisp, perfectly seasoned, and plenty of unique offerings.
And we can't forget the beer. I've never had a beer at Dock Street that hasn't been worth it. If you ever happen to be there when they're serving the chocolate stout - go to there.
Finally, I have to give a serious round of applause to the wait staff. I went in with a group of about a dozen people on a Friday night, meaning we were every server's nightmare. Despite the busy restaurant and huge group, we never had to wait for anything and our server didn't make a single mistake, right down to always rememberingwho had ordered which beer. For a group that big, that is a huge achievement.I paid $9.50 for the roasted beet and goat cheese salad. There were three small pieces of goat cheese and the equivalent of a quarter of a beet. I also couldn't detect a bit of horseradish. A total ripoff and really disappointing. And this was after calling three times. No one picked up on my first two tries. I should have given up.Since I work across the street I was really hoping this place would be good. Other than the look of the place, it was Such a disappointment. waited 30 min for a chicken Ceaser salad (on my 1hr lunch), chicken tasted like it was partially frozen when they cooked it, no croutons, no cheese and it was $11? Confused. Oh well I guess I know not to stop there for lunch :(Pizza here is great. Becoming more popular in west philly as a restaurant and a take out. I would recommend morning glory and flammenkuche. Has seating indoor and outdoor. The people are great and love to talk if you're up for it. Beer selection changes often and always a good one on menu.1.  Whatever beer my husband ordered for me was really tasty.  Some sort of IPA.  
2.  The outdoor seating option was great.  
3.  The food was mediocre.  Maybe we should have ordered a pizza but we had a calzone because we didn't want leftovers.  It was fine, but nothing great.
4.  The french fries were over cooked in dirty oil and all tiny little stubby bottom of the bag pieces.  
5.  The server didn't seem interested in listening to us.  She didn't look at us when we ordered, she took away our silver ware when we had ordered more food, she was never around when we needed anything, didn't come back to pick up the check.  The kind of service that doesn't deserve a tip at all (but I'm not that tacky).
If I am in the neighborhood again for some reason, I would maybe go there for a beer, but the food is so not worth wasting money on.I often find myself dreaming of a Flammenkuche pizza. I always order it with extra bacon on it. I have to restrain myself from eating more than 4 slices. I really love me some Dock Street. As for beer pairings, you can't go wrong with the Rye IPA (or lovingly called the RyePA by my house mates). Get there. You'll enjoy it.If you like pizza and beer, then this is the place to go if you live in West Philly. I usually post up at the bar and order a Mellow Yellow pizza. You would think that mustard and pizza don't mix, but then you would be wrong. Their Rye IPA and Berlin Weiss are the way to go.Must have passed this place a thousand times before finally deciding to give it a try... We dined on a Thursday early evening around 6ish... 
To be fair I have never been to a "brewing" type restaurant... which is odd cause I sure do enjoy a pint. 
Atmosphere: High ceilings, sticky menus, extreme close seating (more on that later) and lots of bad tattoos. 
Food: Pretty good! We got the Flammenkuche pizza. Very tasty, wished we had ordered the large. My wife loved her Greek salad but had to ask for more dressing as there was next to none as served. The trio fries featuring leeks was surprisingly tasty. My pale ale was cold and delicious.
So why the two stars? The place itself... I personally don't enjoy eating elbow to elbow with strangers. Don't get me wrong, I'm far from unsocial but at least 4 different times our quiet conversation was interrupted by the two tables on either side. I "get it", folks where just trying to be friendly... but found it annoying. What can really be said about the screaming kid next to us? I'd like to think you wouldn't have to deal with that later in the evening but can't say for sure. The most disturbing thing however was the lady behind us openly breastfeeding feeding her child. Sorry folks, that's just wrong... Not everyone needs/wants to look at that while dinning. 
So, other than the above plus the fact my wife was in the mood for a cocktail (No spirits here) it was ok.
Our waiter was a cool guy and even helped explain a few of the menu items.I came to Dock Street with my friend who had been raving about it on a random Sunday (?) night. 
The place was pretty much empty, the atmosphere is that of a warehouse- which I thought was pretty cool. It kind of seemed like it was in the middle of nowhere in a neighborhood- not very many other places to go nearby.
The beer was really good- I believe I ordered the IPA which was nice and hoppy and refreshing :) The reason I am giving this place 3 stars instead of 4 is that I wasn't that impressed by the pizza. I ordered the vegetable pie and it was weirdly greasy... definitely not the best pizza I've tried. I'm willing to go back to try something else on the menu... but for now I'll leave my review at 3 :)I don't live in the area, but from what I've seen while visiting friends there aren't a ton of dining options around here.  I stayed with a friend last week who lives nearby and Dock Street is their go-to pizza place.
We dined in for dinner.  There were some interesting pizza flavors but I played it safe with a spinach and cheese calzone.  I was tasty and I was happy.
My friend ordered a vegetarian calzone.  After the first bite, we realized it was actually a sausage calzone (with extra sausage, it appeared.)  Luckily she's not a vegetarian, or I imagine she would be pretty pissed.  The waiter apologized and made her a new calzone at no charge but she had to sit and watch the rest of us eat.  It wasn't the waiter's fault and he gave us a free beer, so no hard feelings.Dock Street is a West Philly CLASSIC (even after its relatively short time here).  What place has better pizza-beer-atmosphere combo?? (seriously though, if you know of one, let me know asap).  
First things first - this place is a full-on Brewery, and I'm hardly disappointed by the beer.  Most taste great, I'd recommend the Rye IPA, it can hold its own.  The gluten-free one?  Nice thought but pretty awful taste.
Second - the PIZZA, oh the pizza.  I've had nearly every pie on the menu, and let me tell you, they are ALL fantastic (some to a further extent than others).  When my pizza-traditional friends come we get the Italian style pies with all the sausage and tomato sauce and cheeses, but when I have free reign, I either get the flammenkuche, my favorite, or the fig jam and gorgonzola.  No matter what you get, get the sweet trio fries!!!  Regular potato, sweet potato, and fried leeks, nice and crisp and salty.
Last things last - the atmosphere is artsy and hipstery, due to the nature of the place and the area it's in.  Don't let that bother you!  The wait staff is not there to judge, although you may feel like the other patrons are.  
The best way to do Dock Street in my experience is to come here with a group of 6, load up on pitchers, and order pies to your heart's content to try as many as possible.  You will walk out of here pleasantly satisfied.I really enjoyed my meal here . My friend and I shared fries which consisted of sweet potatoes, white potatoes and crispy leeks.  Not a combination I have ever tried, but really liked it!  We ordered the parma pizza (small was enough for two of us to share plus fries).  The pizza had prosciutto and 3 or 4 different kinds of cheese.  Service  was a bit slow, but it was busy and a Saturday night, and I think there was only one waiter working outside, so no worries.  I had root beer from some soda company they carry, which was also very good.  I absolutely loved the pizza and fries!  I cannot wait to go back and try a different pizza.  This place is awesome and makes great food in, to me, a kind of random location in West Philly.  Go here-you will like it!This place seriously has the best pizza I've ever had...and I've eaten A LOT of pizza in my day!  (Even worked at a pizza place back in CA.)  I've only been here once, but I was highly impressed.  My date and I had the Flammenkuche (?) pizza....and it was out of this world!  Side note: I don't typically eat red meat, including pork, and this pizza almost made me go back to eating regular bacon...almost.  ;)  Also, their beer was great.  I had the Galaxy Pale Ale, which is hard to describe.  It's a little on the fruity/hoppy side.  You'll understand once you try it.  My date had some kind of Porter which was pretty tasty as well.  
The staff we had were friendly and informative.  It's evident that they really care about this place, and about their customers.  
I'm thinking of having a birthday get together here at the end of the month so I can introduce some of my friends to this awesome place!  I hope it's just as good (and dare I say, even better) as the last time.I give Dock Street two stars, although we at least pick up a pizza here every month.  Why do we keep coming back?  Sheer desperation.
Dock Street is the best pizza in the area.  Hands down.  It's not cheap, it's not unique, we always get the same thing (the Portabella and Gorgonzola number), and the atmosphere is crummy.  But there's really no place else to get a decent pizza around here.
If you do need a good pizza and are in West Philly, though, we'd recommend getting take-out.  The space is big and looks as if it was originally intended to be industrial, but in a futile attempt to warm it up someone had amateur craft night and spattered their work all over the walls.  The staff is, generally speaking, slow, and working too hard to affect how icily chic they are to serve you with any sensitivity or consideration.  The beer is actually all right, but five bucks for beer brewed on the premises (which costs very little, despite the spiking cost of hops) and served in a tiny glass is just too much to bear.  We hope never to have to eat in the restaurant itself again, although we'll certainly spend our hard-earned money on a palatable pizza, once in a while.  That's the price one pays to live in West Philly, I guess.It's close to my house, so I go there a lot.  Really good food, reasonable prices.  The only thing is I wish they had a better variety of beers.  I'm not a beer snob so I can't taste if it's brewed in the back room or somewhere else, so the fact that they brew their own beer isn't really a selling point for me.  The waiters and bartenders are really nice so they get 4 stars.If you're ordering pizza, it's fine. But, don't make the mistake of ordering a wrap. They fill it with lettuce (rather than chicken as it is advertised) and they come rotten. A good indicator that they make  wraps with excess ingredients prepared for another dish...I like this this place, but I think it's just a little pricey for what it is.  Don't get me wrong, it's really cool and the beer and pizza are great.  I just think you have to pay a little bit extra for that hipster-ish-ness. Lots of veggie options! :)The first restaurant I remember eating in when I visited Philadelphia was Dock Street down on Logan Square. With that as a distant memory, I went to Dock Street's reincarnation in West Philadelphia before attending a fabulous Irish concert that was part of the Crossroads Concert series.
The restaurant building is part of an old firehouse which it shares with a bike shop and a cafe. The high ceilings resemble a loft in the East Village. It has an urban hip vibe, which compliments the vegan friendly pub food offerings. 
I only had a short amount of time, so I snagged a bar stool and was promptly served a delicious porter. I ordered the calamari, which were lightly fried, not greasy at all and accompanied by a nice spicy aioli.
Cannot wait to return and try their wide assortment of pizzas and the Rye IPA.Seriously - the best beer and pizza combo in the city. The wood fired pies are delicious and the fresh beer just makes for a wonderful 1-2 punch. And eating in an old fire house is just very cool.Nothing beats an evening of homebrewed beer and delicious pizza with friends at Dock Street. It is definitely worth venturing out to 50th street.The pizza is delicious - the best I've had on this side of the river, and among the best anywhere in Philadelphia. Delicious marinara sauce, good crust, the perfect amount of cheese, and tons of interesting vegetarian options, though I usually just go for a plain cheese pizza, which never disappoints.
The beer, however, always leaves something to be desired. They typically have 5-6 beers on tap, which tend to be dominated by IPAs, porters/stouts, and tripels - not my cup of tea. I'd love to see a hefeweizen or saison.
The service is the worst part. The hosts and servers always seem stressed and overworked. I don't mind waiting for a table when the place is full, but the kitchen always seems to move very slowly, and the servers frequently fail to check on their tables. Yesterday, I ordered a Florentine pizza and asked them to add marinara sauce (which is my favorite part of their pizzas). When my pizza arrived, it did not have marinara sauce. Our server did not come by to check on us for about 30 minutes, so I wasn't able to let them know that my order had been messed up. We also didn't have the chance to ask for another round of beer or water, since we had finished eating by the time the server came by. At that point, we just got the check and left.are you hungry? you are better off groveling for a bagel at the worlds slowest coffee shop next door. did ya want to eat pizza IN TWO HOURS? are you not hungry at all maybe you've never been hungry before but you were wondering what if might feel like? I highly recommend dock street to weaken you, slowly, so slowly with their slow pizza slow slow pizza. delicious food. terrible beer. im so hungry.Nice spot on Baltimore Ave.  I went during the University City dining days and had a salad, pizza, and dessert for $15.  The salad and dessert were nothing to get excited about but the pizza was excellent.  Lots of interesting topping combinations are available.  I was very pleased with my beer selection, and there were a number of others on the list that I would have liked to try had I not been driving that night.  I have a friend who lives a couple blocks away and is a big fan of their growlers.  Definitely has the West Philly hipster vibe, but nothing too over the top.Okay, so I'm giving Dock Street 5 stars despite the problems I have with the place.  I just got done writing a review on Local 44, and figured I'd need to write my review on the superior competition now.
My complaints about Dock Street:  Most of the bartenders are somewhat incompetent, take forever, and don't acknowledge your presence.  The service can be slow, especially when it is busy.
Upsides:  The servers are all really nice, and some of the bartenders are great, but if they aren't great they're terrible.  The beer is the best in Philly, as is the pizza.  The beer and pizza are that good that I'm giving the place 5 stars.  The prices are also great on the beer.  I love to get growlers from here or kegs for my kegerator.  I just wish the church wasn't screwing Dock Street.  They can't serve spirits, on Sundays, or late because of it.  It's a shame about the Sunday's thing.  I don't drink liquor so I don't care about that.  Anyway, if you want GREAT microbrewed beer served as fresh as you can get it, then I highly suggest drinking here.Recently stumbled across this place and took a chance and tried it. 
I'm not a huge craft beer person but I always try em. I got a flight and I actually like all of the beers a few weren't something I can drink a whole glass of but I didn't hate them all. The summer in Berlin was by far my favorite. Light and refreshing. 
We also ordered some food which I had no complaints. The calamari was great as well as the chipotle sauce to dip it in. Fried mozzarella was amazing and we got the Cuban pizza which was simply wonderful. Great flavor and just good. 
I would totally go back, place was so good!Dock Street has the best pizza in West Philly. Hands down, not even close.
Sure, you can order a $6 large from some crappy joint and save a few bucks, but Dock Street's gourmet pies are the real deal. Worth the price tag every time, especially since the small size is exactly half the price of the large (instead of places that do $10 smalls and $15 larges to entice you into buying the bigger size).
Do yourself a favor and buy a few small pizzas instead of a large so you can try more of their delicious offerings. Haven't had a bad pie yet, but favorites include the Flammenkuche, Fig Jam, and A La Cocca. Seriously, try them all.
The trio of fries is also a unique treat that's worth a shot if you're dining in.
As for beer, I've never been blown away by their stuff, but it's never bad either. Their Rye IPA is a dependable go-to for me and is also available at a lot of local joints (like White Dog Cafe).
Great local brewpub!Contacted Docks less than three weeks before my wedding - was taking care by Larry with professional, simple, straightforward approach via email. One of the easiest and more simple vendors I interacted with.
Beers arrived on time to the venue and all the guests enjoyed them on a very hot Sunday wedding. Serving a local beer was an added value.
Thank you, Larry!Everyone raves about the fries, so we got them. I thought they were ok, but not great. The pizza was much better.
We got the Brie and Pear, Fig Jam, Greek, and Four cheese pizzas. Our group loved the Fig Jam pizza, the Brie was a little disappointing. The Greek was also really good. Definitely the best pizza I've had in Philadelphia. 
The beer selection was also good, the summer brew had a great lemongrass flavor and was really refreshing. This is a good place to go with a large group because there is something for everyone.First off I would like to say I love dock street food.  The pizza, burgers and salads are all amazing and I used to eat there multiple times during the week.  I would go in and get a personal pizza for myself when my girlfriend was at work.  Very recently they implemented a credit card limit so I have to buy more then just my pizza if I want to use my card.  I really didnt think this was a big deal.  Earlier today I was taking the train back in from center city and called to order pick up.  I was told they are no longer accepting credit cards on wednesdays.....  Excuse me?  
What kind of bar expects everyone to pay in cash on a weekday.  I know you are trying to be this hip neighborhood hangout but that doesn't mean everyone coming to your bar carries wads of cash with them when they go out.  I know that if I had walked all the way there in the snow only to find out that they would not take my money there would of been a serious problem.  Overall the food is good but is it worth putting up with mediocre customer service and constantly changing credit card policies.  Make sure to always bring cash because there is a pretty good chance you will show up on the "first day" of their new NO CREDIT CARD ON FRIDAYS policy.Ordered the Margherita, Brie, BBQ Chicken, and the Flammenkuche pizzas. The flavors were fantastic but the coverage on 3 out of the 4 pies left a little to be desired. The beet salad was excellent.It used to be a fire department before it became a brewery. I like the brewery tour they offered and I still had the beer glass from them. The wood fired pizza tasted very good with the beer. But the service was very slow.Dock Street Pizza is the neighborhood standard-bearer for pizza. Some of the pizzas may be a bit avant-garde---here I have in mind the fig jam, the brie, and the mellow yellow---but they are still quite tasty. The crust is thin and well-cooked (sometimes a tad bit overdone). My personal favorites are the Flammenküche and the sausage pizza.
The beer isn't bad either, though the selection is heavily weighted toward trendy "ale"-type beers. (I don't understand the fascination with IPAs and beers that taste like a hop solution.) My go-to is the Bohemian Pilsner. 
The place is crazy on weekend evenings. I suggest trying it for a weekend brunch. I often go here after church on Sundays; the brunch menu has some unique pizzas worth trying. 
My one complaint, which holds for basically all restaurants in West Philly, concerns the service. Servers tend to be a bit inefficient, and a few are unfortunately rather sullen. But that's what you get in West Philly.The food was really good and the service was meh, but not bad.  The trio fries were good but not great, the fried mozzarella was amazing, and the pizza (we got the veneto) was really really good.  The beer was also delicious.As far as pizza and beer places go, this is the best  in the city and quite possibly the universe. Wood fired pizza for realz. And their beer is international recognized and envynized.My girlfriend and I had a pizza when we ate here and it was one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. I don't remember the name of it but it had a fried egg on top which was delicious. Their beer was also very good. If you are a beer drinker I highly recommend.I've tried a bunch of their pizzas and you really can't go wrong, my favorites are probably the sausage pizza and the fig jam. The only one I might not recommend is the mellow yellow, which is good for about one slice, but a whole pie of mustard is too much for me. Their trio fries are also great: the fried leeks are amazing, and I now freeze the tough green parts when I use them at home to fry up later.
Aside from the pizza, they have great beer that changes very frequently (their Walker is really good, but rarely available, and they're currently brewing a line of anit-Trump beers, which have been amazing so far).I have been here on multiple occasions so this review is quite overdue. The pizza is great, the calzones are solid, and the beer is fantastic (and rotates quite frequently). I have even stopped by for brunch a couple of times because who wouldn't want to drink some beer with their breakfast pizza? As someone who never used to touch pizza without sausage or pepperoni, even I have to admit the veggie pizzas are excellent (and potentially even better than the meat options).
The ambiance is pretty hipster, but it's west philly so if you were expecting something different, you should have gone into center city. My servers have always been super nice, and are always willing to offer a recommendation (even when my family visits from out of town and asks which beer is the most like coors light...). I will say that the appetizer selection is a bit spotty, so don't expect to fill up on those before the pizza.I've been to Dock Street many times. Great vibe, affordable, stellar beer and delicious food. I've tried several of their pizzas - vegan, mellow yellow, Greek, Sicilian and florentine. They were all great (but I recommend getting the vegan with pesto instead of red sauce). I've also had the trio fries (salty and great with sriracha) and the vegan burger (one of the best ones I've had in the city). 
The beer selection is great and I haven't had a bad one yet. So far, their Rye IPA has been my favorite. 
Try this place out!So this used to be an old fire station until it transformed into Dock Street Brewery. We learn something new everyday. :)
We came in for dinner one day and the wait wasn't that bad. It was half full as well. We took an Uber to and from here so both trips were decent.
I had pizza along with an orange soda that came in a glass bottle. I ended up pouring the orange juice into another glass with ice myself.Finally got to try Dock Street with my dad last week and I felt as though my experience lived up to high expectations.
We were able to enjoy a casual dinner outside in the nice weather. We both had their Summer Session Ale, which was crisp and refreshing without being heavy.  We split a large barbecue chicken pizza for dinner. Unlike most barbecue chicken pizzas, the sauce didn't overpower the pizza, and married nicely to the red onions and chicken. The crust was crispy and flavorful.
I'm definitely looking forward to returning and trying some more of their pizzas and beer.This place is worth checking out even if you are not into micro brew beers. We came in for dinner before the jazz concert in nearby Cedar Park. They have pizzas which I heard were really good, Salads, Appetizers and Sandwiches. Typical pub grub, but very good. We tried the Panko-crusted Mozzarella cheese sticks with Marinara Sauce which was pretty good and then we each ordered our own pizza. I ordered Margherita Pizza and my friend Pepperoni. The small pizzas were huge. They are thin crust and taste wonderful. So, check out the menu for their gourmet pizza. I know I will be back.I so wanted to love this place but the staff just wouldn't let me!  After being seated at a table on a not so busy Wednesday evening, we were left to sit for 25 minutes with nobody stopping by to check in. We finally got up and say at the bar where we were greeted and served beer after a few minutes, but our order of sweet potato fries was never placed, so we got them after a reminder and another 25 minutes later. Sheesh! The staff was friendly but seemed to be enjoying drinking their way through the shift. With 2 "staff meetings" they had several rounds of shots of beer. I work in the service industry, I get it that it can be busy and stressful and patrons can be a total pain, but seriously, serve your customers before you serve yourself. Making us sit and wait for our beer while you drank didn't win you any bonus points.Wow I'm shocked that I have yet to write a review of Dock Street.  I have lived so close to it for years and it is a common gathering spot with friends or a nice place to bring visiting relatives who enjoy good pizza or beer.  Let's see.
PROS
The food is quite tasty.  Pretty much all of the pizzas I've tried are very tasty and their is a pear and gorgonzola salad that I absolutely love.  The building itself is very pretty and they rotate a display of local art, which is fun to look at.  The staff are generally friendly.  Prices are pretty reasonable.
CONS
Probably my biggest issue is that they only serve beer and I don't like beer.  So it's not really an ideal place to get together with friends.  When I went tonight I had to pregame and drink at home since I knew everyone else would be drinking beers.  My second biggest issue is that it is usually quite loud, which makes it hard to have conversations.  Thirdly, they never have hot sauce which to me is essential for pizza.  (Tonight I got around this by making my girlfriend smuggle in a giant bottle of Red Hot in her purse...)  While the staff is generally nice, I find they frequently forget items or take a long time to refill water pitchers.  Also, I always seem to get sick after I eat here.  The pizza is really greasy, which could be the problem.  I often end up running to the bathroom midway through the meal.
In the end, Dock Street is such an iconic hipster West Philly destination and I do really enjoy the pizza.  But lately some of the cons have been overshadowing my enjoyment.  I don't mind going now and then if friends want to go but it's not really a first choice for dining for me anymore.Disclaimer: I love pizza of all sorts. Anything from Dominos, to Ellio's frozen pizza squares. So it's no surprise Dock Street is one of my favorite places to grab dinner. 
A friend of mine actually recommended DSB as a good date spot (which it is, depending on the date!) a year or two ago, but I've found myself frequenting it much more than for just its intended original purpose. It's a great spot to hang with a group of friends over some delicious pizza or to catch up with a friend from out of town. While DSB is by no means upscale, it has great atmosphere and tons of character. My friend described it best as "hipster". You'll feel like you've discovered a great secret ahead of the curve when you dine here. 
In terms of food, easily the best pizza I've had. Like Five Guys is to McDonald's, DSB is to Upper Crust (or...Dominos to you non-Bostonians). I've enjoyed the sausage and chicken bbq pizza on every occasion. Anything with their caramelized onions is a safe bet!Dock Street was our very last stop after about 8 hours of Erin-Expressing. I've never been so far west in West Philly.
Once glance at the menu and it was settled. Three of us would share the "Sicilian" pizza, which was in no way like your standard thick, square-cut tray pizza. Super thin and crispy, this giant pie was topped with olives, capers, walnuts, roasted garlic, sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella, red sauce and basil. HOLY FLAVOR. 
Same goes for the completely unnecessary cocktail I ordered, which was a mere $5 and made with sriracha sauce and oranges. A bloody Mary of sorts, for the night time hour. 
While pies run a bit steep ($18.50 for our large), that wood fired taste is absolutely worth it. Dock Street is my #1 reason to return to West Philadelphia.We don't drink but heard the pizza was good so we gave it a go. We were not disappointed. Pizza was very good. A Small were perfect for one person. Nice variety and fresh ingredients. Good variety of appetizers. They had Brussel sprouts! We had fried mozzarella which was delicious. They also had boylan soda which made my day.  Good atmosphere and smart table set up that could allow for small or large parties.  I would go back anytime!3 suggestions:
1) desserts! They need a few of them! Maybe a fruit dessert pizza to share??
2) add the black cherry boylan soda to the options
3) better indoor lightingIf you're looking for solid American fare along Baltimore Avenue, Dock Street hits the spot.  The food is fresh and tasty compared with the greasy pizza/hoagie/cheesesteak joints that one had to rely on before Dock Street opened.  The pizza is cooked on a wood-fired stove and can come with an interesting array of toppings.  The burgers are sumptuously thick.  The fries are crispy.  While I'm not a huge beer drinker, I'm told the beer quality is fairly good.  And behind glass, you can see the giant vats they use to brew it!
The building itself is an imposing former firehouse--making it cavernous and echo-y inside, especially when they turn the music up loud.  Inside you will find West Philly hipsters, families with baby carriages, and the more adventurous brand of Penn students.  There's usually some crazy-looking local art up on the walls.  It's lovely to sit outside on a nice summer day, with live jazz playing at Cedar Park across the street.
To be honest though, Dock Street is not completely ideal.  At times, the waiters seem to double as bartenders, which slows up the service a bit.  (Consider ordering for take-out if you're in a hurry.)  Sometimes the pizza comes with random leeks that you weren't expecting.  Sometimes the burgers are way too rare.  The atmosphere inside is a bit generic, especially compared with the farmer's market it replaced.  And I always have a craving for Dock Street on Sunday, when it is closed.  
For all that, though...Dock Street represents a decent place to for burgers & beers in West Philly, so four stars it is!Super casual in a good way. Friendly staff. Amber ale was exceptional. Trio Fries blew my mind. Leeks fries? What!? Try the chipotle mayo!!!
A little warm inside, but great atmosphere.We got 
the Margherita: These pizzas are a little different then the Neapolitan style I am used to in New York. Instead of the classic tomato sauce, they used the whole peeled and canned tomato chunks. They were also more generous with the sprinkling of basil and mozzarella (which I very much loved) . The dough itself was on the thick side, but with a skinnier crust, and was chewy and hardy. Though it was a hardwood fired oven, there was minimial char, but cooked threw and threw. I really enjoyed this pie, it was a "meater" version of the delicate margherita. The tomatoes were delicous, soft, and juicy without making the rest of the pie watery. Overall I would recommend to traditional pizza lovers.
The Brie: This was my favorite slice of the night, composed of sliced pears, toasted walnuts, brie, and rosemary. I loved the nuttiness that the walnuts gave, which complimented the sweet pear and creamy brie beautifully. They found a wonderful flavor balance in this pie.
The Fig Jam: This was made with fig jam, gorgonzola, applewood smoked bacon, and fresh rosemary. A stronger flavor than the brie, the bacon added a great smokey flavor that went well with the sweetness of the jam. Again, the flavors balanced each other out wonderfully.
I love, love, love this place! To see more details and pictures visit my food blog, the website is on my profile! :)