Doma would get 4 stars if not for my reservation hassle.  I called a couple of days prior and got voicemail.  I left a detailed message (name, party size, date, time, etc).  By the next day no one had called me back so I called again and this time was able to make a reservation for 7:30 pm the next day with the hostess.  Or so I thought.  She confirmed my info, explained that if you're late they hold the reservation for 10 minutes blah blah usual stuff.  The next night my friends and I showed up at 7:30pm starving, with wine bottles in hand....but there was no record of my reservation! Great.  The hostess took our name/number and said she'd call when a table opened up.  Good thing Kite & Key is next door because we didn't get that call till almost 9pm.
I was craving Dok Bok Ki and it did not disappoint.  The Korean tacos (with bulgogi) and the agetofu were also delicious. The rolls were solid: no complaints but nothing amazing - although I really liked the crispy sticky rice in the Naked Tuna roll.  It was different than any other roll I've had. For dessert we split the molten lava chocolate cake and the banana tempura thing.  Both were very good but the banana tempura was my favorite. 
I'll give Doma another chance but would go mainly for the non-sushi dishes.I'm so glad this place is right a round the corner.  It's so delicious.
The fish is fresh, the staff are friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  Did I mention that it's a BYOB?  It is.  The only cons, otherwise they would get a full 5 stars, are that it takes a little bit more time to get your food (not excessively long, but it's well worth the wait), also the place is very small.  So if you want space to have some privacy, this is not your place.  All in all, this is my new favorite spot for sushi.  Their fish is perfection!Just had their yellowtail belly and albacore sushi. Best sushi in Philly so far imo...pretty much on par, maybe even better, than Sagami in nj.Best sushi in Philly - without question. Love the medusa and dragon rolls! Shrimp shumai rocks! Lightening fast service and delivery is quick as well. If I ever leave Callowhill I will definitely miss the smiling faces here.No complaints about our recent visit to Doma. The sushi is very fresh, the ambiance is lovely, the service is top-notch, and the menu is really creative. We had several exciting rolls and hand rolls that we had never heard of before - very unique combinations that were all delicious and satisfying. We brought along a big jug of sake and they heated it up for us as much as we wanted. The prices are completely fair for the high quality of sushi here! It's great to have Doma in the neighborhood.A happy medium of Japanese and Korean.  I got my fix of both sushi and bibimbap.  We arrived 30 minutes earlier than reservations and got seated right away, mind you it was a Saturday night.  The place itself is small your most likely to bump into the next table.  The decor is very chic with the clear chopsticks and clear chairs.  Although ,the chopsticks are not useful once your order of bibimbap arrives.  No worries they provide disposable wooden ones.  I'm not sure if the air conditioning in this place is broken or just on low but it was so humid inside.  It made dining a bit uncomfortable.  We ordered the soft shell tempura.  I'm a fan of soft shell anything so this was a hit to me.  I could've ordered a couple more of this dish.  The husband got bulgogi bbq on a stick which he said had nice flavors but portion was small.  We also got the triple spicy tuna roll.  It had a very nice kick to it.  The bibimbap was a bit of a miss.  The flavors was lacking.  It could have used more gochujang sauce.  I'd like to stop by and try the other rolls that sounded amazing.What a great place! The decor is clean and modern and the service is impeccable. They have an Asian fusion menu with some interesting combinations. My favorite was the Hot Stone Bibimbap with spicy pork. WHAT A DISH! I would definitely eat here again!!I'm certainly no sushi aficionado and really only enjoy sushi once in a long while but it was very good. Had the tuna club, bibimbap, and naked salmon rolls. Very unique display for each. Love the creativity. Overall, the sushi was not a home run but definitely intense heavy petting.I love this place. Definitely some of the most inventive sushi creations I've ever seen. I had the hamachi verde which has kiwi and jalapeno and it was unreal. I would go back to Philadelphia just to eat here again.The staff is really friendly , super accommodating and they food is really good and fresh every time . The triple spicy tuna roll is really good!I came here with a group a friends, though the atmosphere was suited better for a date. I ordered sushi and thought the portion size was small. I usually expect 8 pieces of sushi in roll, this place only had 6 pieces. I won't lie the sushi here is definitely good and better than your average sushi place. I gave this place 3 stars because I thought the food is a tad pricey and the service could have been better. I came with a group of 5 people and we were placed at a table for 4 only. During the dinner we were cramped for table space and seat spaceThis is a little (literally... the place is pretty tiny) gem in the hood... very, very reasonably priced, fast service, and delicious sushi.  What more could a girl want??
There is nothing I love more than a good BYOB and this one doesn't disappoint.  The sushi is slammin, and won't break the budget like some other BYOB sushi joints in the area, and good for date night or a spontaneous casual dinner.  
The servers are super friendly and I've never had a problem getting a table here.Thank you YELP!!!!  I would have never found this place without you.. Great new restaurant in the Art Museum area- plenty of parking on Callowhill- we're off to a good start!! The restaurant is small with super modern decor. Lots of clean lines, light wood, silver accents- its screaming modern and clean. I wanted to run home and redecorate my entire house in Japanese decor..
Service was attentive with prompt refills of green tea (yum!) and water. Our server was definitely working overtime and earning more than his fair share of tip. We started out with the dragon and salmon roll with mango. Both were delicious!! The dragon roll still had that yummy warmness from the eel being cooked and the salmon was super fresh. Didn't run into problems with huge cumbersome pieces of sushi.
We also ordered the beef and egg bibimbap (my new obsession- Korean food). I've only had bibimbap once and it was awesome. This wasn't nearly as awesome but still good!  For dessert we split the banana tempura with green tea- soo good!!! Deep fry anything and it tastes good..
There's plenty of different options on the menu ranging from bento boxes to sushi to dishes like pork tonkatsu and a few Korean dishes thrown in as well. Sounds random but it worked for us!!!Love this little piece of sushi restaurant heaven.
Doma is a byob on callowhill's restaurant row and provides some delightful speciality rolls.  Great spot to go with friends or on a date.  All plates are easy to share.  However, fighting over the last piece is sure to happen; my advice, be the bigger person and let the other person enjoy.  :-)2.8
We have been spoiled in the Bay Area. This place looked adorable from the curb, and was close-by to the Sheraton for a nice evening stroll. But, for us, the place looked better than the food tasted.
Cute and charming, small space, but done warmly, and well.
Ordered agedashi tofu and 2 specialty rolls that averaged about $15 each. Believe the names were island and double spicy tuna roll. Rice not fluffy enough and the pieces were sliced unevenly. Overall taste was just average for the price charged. As well, agedashi tofu could have held much more flavor, and had a more delicate fry and fluffiness to the protein.
Don't think we would come back for another visit, cuz we are here for a bit. For $40, just a bit disappointed overall in the quality of the food.This is a very cozy, beautiful, and modern-looking sushi/Japanese-Korean fusion restaurant. This BYOB offers a wide selection of sushi, sashimi, and colorful combo platters to choose from, as well as a good selection of appetizers and entrees. Though we didn't order any appetizers, I noticed that they had some items that I don't typically see at other restaurants, like okonomyiaki. The sushi is very tasty - maybe not Morimoto-quality, but for the much more affordable price tag, it is very good sushi. I tried the hamachi verde and naked tuna tartare. Both were very delicious, but I will need to go back to try some other signature rolls. 
Sometimes, i judge places by their choice of bathroom decor, and the bathroom in this place is simply gorgeous. After all, if a place can't keep a clean bathroom, then how can they keep a clean kitchen? The staff is friendly, and though the restaurant is small, there are several types of seating to choose from. While it wasn't busy when we came in, I would highly recommend reservations. But if you can't make it in for dinner, they also offer lunch and take-out.Very nice and cozy place.Their bentos are really good,especially a kalbi one. Prices are reasonable and the stuff is very friendly. Loved their free green and black rice tea a lot!We were visiting Philly for the weekend and stayed at the nearby Embassy Suites and we needed a nearby and reasonably quick place to have a meal with 2 kids. Our kids love noodles.
The place is relatively small and not the most kid friendly place. There are no high chairs and everything is stylish but all seemed very fragile. However, the staff were very accommodating and gave us a stack of napkins for our 2 year old to sit on and we always bring our own kid utensils so it worked out nicely.
The kids had a nebeyaki udon and it was plenty for the 2 of them to share and they loved it. Like others, we were disappointed that the pork belly tacos were no longer being offered. The bulgogi tacos were very good as a substitute. The doma roll was also not quite what we expected even though it was exactly how it was described on the menu. Maybe it was just not our thing.
Overall, we were very happy with the restaurant and would consider going again if we were in the area again in the future.Had spicy garlic edamame, mushroom steam bin, Rachel roll, spicy tuna, tempura philly roll, tuna avocado, and the naked tuna. The special rolls, edamame and buns were 5/5, would have given it a 4/5 because of price and bland regular rolls but we knew the prices going in so that would bE unfair. Cool atmosphere though, recommendedDoma serves high quality seafood, and it's clear that's their claim to fame.  That said, you definitely pay for it here...it's not one of those unassuming "woah" type joints.  I ordered the sashimi deluxe, and at around $30, it's the most I've paid on the east coast for some pretty standard offerings. 
Sashimi came with maguro, hamachi, sake, a white fish, ankimo, uni, and one other that I don't recall.  While these were all high quality, fresh pieces, with the exception of the last two they're pretty standard fare, and with a "deluxe" option I expect to see some of the more exotic choices.  Still, for the quality, they deserve 4*.  
Not much else to say here.  Maybe if you sat at the bar, you'd get some more of the sushi tsu-type offerings, but otherwise be prepared for a quality, though common, meal.The naked tuna roll is horrible. It is stacked on top of something that tastes like cardboard. The sashimi appetizer was not fresh at all. We sat next to the kitchen and had to deal with the awful smell coming from the kitchen all night. I have had much better sushi at other places. Fat Salmon, Kai, and Vic's are much better.My Favorite Roll: Omakase!!;)
Honorable Mention: Sunomono, Hamachi Crudo, Triple Spicy Double Tuna, Medusa, Lobster Tempura, Hamachi Verde, Hwe Dup Bap & Bibimbap (not sushi) (BYOB!!! Closed Monday & decent $) I'd like to deduct a star because they don't make the Omakase for take out, but I'll take the high road:/Hands down one of the best Sushi places to eat in Philly. Loved the Korean tacos and the steamed buns.Since my last update, we have been to Doma 3 or 4 times including New Year's Eve (amazing) and last night just me and my 6 year old.
She ate 2 orders of Shrimp Shumai. and a bunch of edamame.
And then she said, "Mommy, I don;t want any chocolate lava cake this time".
Smart kid.
I had the Naked Salmon roll (sans jalapenos) and it was so good, I ordered a second one.
And that was it.
2 rounds of Shumai 'n salmon.
And we were stuffed.
Dan & the guys are so great with my little one.  She loves to sit at the high-top tables in the back.  (I prefer the regular tables, but I was out voted.)
Oh - and if you go to DOMA - save room for dessert (if you can).  The mochi-coated strawberries dipped in fudge and chocolate lava cake (sounds trite - but they make a good one) are amazing.We've eaten here twice. The first time, we ordered their sashimi specials including giant clam and scallop. lovely presentation in the shell. Fresh and delicious. I also ordered the sea urchin -- it was sweet and not overly pungent. The second time we tried their stone pot Bi Bim Bop. High quality, reasonably sized portions. Doesn't quite stick to the ribs as in some places, and the kim chi is extra. This bi bim bop is more upscale, less comfort food. Recommend. Staff was friendly both times.After a long day of pseudo-studying paired with a few glasses of wine, myself and some of my friends headed to Domo on a "we want sushi and sake" whim.  It was kind of a bummer when we found that it was BYOB, but I guess that fault lies on our shoulders- we know to check before we go.
Very cute place, the decor is interesting, in a good way.  For such a small place it felt both warm and open.  The waitstaff were very nice and attentive, but not too attentive.  I got the miso soup, a spicy crunchy tuna roll and a sweet potato tempura roll.  I was a little underwhelmed by the sushi.  Not that it was bad by any means, it was just a little bland, which may have been my choices.  I usually get spicy tuna... this one just didn't pop to me.
Going back, I'd like to try some of the entrees on the menu, and next time I'll be sure to bring a bottle of sake.Excellent sushi. Signature rolls are delicisous and expertly created. Found my favorite sushi spot in Philly!I don't have a ton of Philadelphia sushi experience but have been here and to Umai-Umai and prefer Doma.  The sushi at Doma is every bit as good, the prices are more reasonable, the waitstaff friendlier, and they have good Korean food too.
I adored my bibimbop - vegetarian.  They have saba, which is hard to find on menus these days.  My friends had the fried tofu, which were light little pillows.  It was so good they had a second order.  Everything is super fresh.  My dragon roll was great, tightly rolled.  I like the presentation here, the food is beautiful but in a very simple way.  They let the fresh items speak for themselves and don't have to go wild with fancy placement or crazy artistry.  
I was expecting a little hole in the wall dive.  Which would have been fine too.  But instead it was a chic little nook.  Sleek yet unpretentious.  This will be our go to sushi place.  
I need a little more experience with sushi in Philly to know if this place is 5-star compared to elsewhere; it very well may be.My husband and I have always loved the sushi here but so disappointed in their service tonight :(. Used to live in the area and spent a number of special occasions dining at Doma...tonight drove an hour to have an anniversary dinner and they said the sushi bar was closed - 35 minutes before closing time!  So disappointed, just think that's poor service.Outstanding place - a great find in the Museum area.  Relatively small, but great food and service.  They offer takeout, too.  If you like sushi, don't miss this place.What I got: Sashimi deluxe ($30) and a separate order of fatty tuna ($8). Take-out.
Benchmarks: Fuji (PHL), Sushi Yoshida (NYC) , Sushi of Gari (NYC)
Doma is a stone's throw from me, so I did a take-out. Since I provided my own soy (an import from Japan which went through a 2 year process) and rice (import from Japan, Sasanishiki from Niigata, cooked in a top of the line IH rice cooker), actual experience at restaurant may be different.
Sashimi plate was a 16 piece deal consisting of tuna (probably blue fin), salmon, whitefish (probably rockfish?), managatsuo (white tuna), yellowtail and another tuna (probably mebachi). This is on par with Fuji, but lags behind my NYC benchmarks by far. I would prefer a sashimi plate from Mitsuwa (Edgewater) over this.
The separate order of fatty tuna (o-toro) was not impressive. Perhaps better than Fuji, but it is a cut from a very fibrous part of the fish. It's definitely not from harakami-ichiban - probably from the kama section. This section requires careful aging to make it edible (aging sometimes amplifies the strong fishy tones). They certainly didn't do a good job.Everytime I dine here, I have a good time. The waiters are quick with the service and will try to answer all the questions you have about the menu or explain each dish. 
App-Tuna Yook Hwe - has a combo of tuna, greens and some has brown looking thing and they told us to each of the components altogether. This combo was very refreshening and I will get it again. The soy sauce tuna tartar was not too salty or saucy so i liked it even more.
App-Pork belly bun & Spicy pork bun - I liked the spicy pork bun more than the pork belly. The spicy pork is sweeter than the pork belly which was more bland of course yet tender. One order comes with 2 buns and you can mix the meat you like (which is how we got the two).
Sushi- Triple Spicy Double Tuna - The seared albacore on top and the spiciness makes this this signature roll really different and unique. I loved how the soft tuna inside the roll has a total different texture from the harder albacore. I'm pretty good with spicy food and at first I didn't think the rolls were spicy but it def hit the spice level when I was working on the last few pieces. I will get this again and recommend it. 
Last time I was here, the Medusa roll was veryyyyyy good. I wanted to try new things which is why I didn't get the medusa before. My friend had the toro scallion which apparently is fatty salmon (according to my friend). I wasn't used to this fatty portion and wasn't the biggest fan of the clumpy texture, but def worth trying it if you are for new things :) 
Doma is my favorite sushi place in the city. It's BYOB, price isn't crazy compared to other places (prob avg and similar to other places) and MAKE A RESERVATION BEFORE YOU GO! 
I'll be back soon~I'm giving this sushi spot 4 stars bc they have very reasonable prices for their rolls and very creative ones too with mango and other items. I had there specialty roll (the Yukuza) which was filled w soft shell crabs and topped off w even more. Very delicious ... And this is a byob venue! So remember to bring a bottle or two.
I didn't give it 5 stars bc the food was yummy but mind blowing and the service was just ok since I had to ask for help often and he forgot my hot sauce I requested. I wish they just offered more.  Also food takes for ever here which I was surprised by.My sushi spot in Philly and my second date with my wife. It is small and warm. I love coming here for a date or with a group of friends. It is good for a group up to ten, otherwise it is just too small.  The sushi is great for the price. But the fried banana is wat I write home about.The sushi and entrees are delicious and affordable. He ambience is great - great for intimate dinner for two or a medium-sized group. I've been a few times and haven't ordered anything that I didn't like.Doma has made me a Sushi convert!  The sushi is consistently good whether eating there or taking out.  They really do deserve 5 stars, but there are just two things that knock them down a peg:
1.  The wife and I come here just about every week.  Being a small business supporter I would hope that they recognize those customers who are loyal.  Every week we come and every week they pretend like they don't notice.  We tip well!
2.  The high tables.  I'm sure this is done for effect and perhaps some people like them, but I cringe when we are sat there.
Again, really great Sushi and food!  Try it, you won't regret it.This is the best sushi place in Philadelphia area. We have tried many many others but we keep going back to Doma. Great staff, great sushi!finally some amaaazing japanese food! 4.5 stars for excellent efficient service and a quality meal. the hamachi appetizer is our usual go-to and it was very tasty! loved the fresh jalapeno and cilantro on top but we missed the grated daikon that it comes with at other places however the generous hamachi slices made up for everything. 
the side salad with my meal was perfectly refreshing with its ponzu dressing. my "sashimi regular" was the best part of the night! it had amazing quality slices of fish with our favorites being the albacore tuna and the salmon that just melted in your mouth. the striped bass was refreshing and a nice contrast to everything else. love their knife skills on the sashimi.. everything was perfect about this dish except i wish i had more! the wasabi had slices of green onion in it which was different but didn't add much for us and we ended up having to mput more wasabi than usual in our soy sauce to get the usual kick we desire.
bf had a standard miso soup and kalbi entree. the quality and grill of the kalbi was on point but just a tad lacking in flavor from what our spoiled fatty tastebuds are used to from back home.  
it's BYO, casual environment, and clean. the walls aren't buffered with sound absorbing textures so it can get very loud --not the ideal place for a quiet romantic dinner if that's what you're looking for. i can't wait to come back and try more sashimi and try out a bunch of rolls. prices are fair considering the quality of the fish for Philly having been disappointed by the small amount of Japanese offerings around here. this is officially our go-to spot for Japanese in Philly :DSushi lovers: be alarmed if you have yet to discover the secret world of doma. Perfect combo of Korean BBQ and sushi- the rolls never disappoint. Large selection and have everything for even the pickiest sushi eater. Start your meal with the tuna flat bread.... So good I dream about it. Medusa roll never disappoints, and I am personally a huge fan of the naked salmon. Bring an abundance of wine- nothing about this place makes you ever want to leave. $35 a person give or take... And well worth every penny.Amazing sushi!!! And great service for us!!!!!!
Super great! The chefs choice sushi dish was amazing, they picked very delicious and very easy to eat items. It was a great experience:)Doma!!!!
What a treat to be able to dine here again.
Tonight re-affirmed that Doma is one of the best restaurants in the city.
It's my fave and my 9 year kid (who has been coming here since age 3 or 4) loves it too and scarfs down salmon sushi, edamame and her favorite - BIG shrimp shumai.
I had a delectable Kalbi dinner with 9 large pieces of tender, juicy short-ribs.
DH had a variety of sushi including our love - the Naked Salmon.  (try this!!)
Thank you DOMA (and Pat and staff) for wonderful food and service for all these years - and hopefully many more.
We love you!! (And we miss you - now that we are out in the 'burbs.)Excellent sashimi! Great service and great food! Extremely fresh with great presentation. No liquor license which was fine with us. The appetizer of marinated short rib charred on skewer was a 10 out of 10!!!! Best sushi in PhillyDoma is consistently delicious. The triple spicy tuna roll, sashimi sundae, and island roll are my go to favorites. Always a plus to BYO.I'd say more like 3.5 stars but there are some key dishes and the service is incredibly kind, so I'll round up to 4. 
My friend and I actually first tried Doma in 2012, but I still remember eating the naked salmon sushi. That's how amazing it was! It has crunchy rice topped with spicy salmon and jalapeño. So obviously we ordered it again and it was just as I remembered. 
Unfortunately the spicy tuna fell flat for me. It was more filler than tuna and as a result, kinda dry and flavorless. My friend got the eel cucumber avocado roll and it looked alright. I'd like to try the chirashi one day but I'd stick with things they're more popularly known for, like the naked sushi.
I also got a dish from the specials, which was a salmon hot stone bibimbap. It was basically bibimbap topped with raw salmon and it was delicious. It comes with a gochujang sauce to mix in and the rice gets crunchy and delicious. It's a little pricy, but I'm always willing to pay a little more for a hot stone pot.
Our server was incredibly sweet and the atmosphere is nice and clean. Overall, a bit pricy for what you get, but they offer a large variety of Japanese and Korean food. Good for dates! BYOB.The first thing I noticed was the rice on the sushi - it was awesome. The sashimi was good, rolls were good.  Lobster roll was too cooked.  Edimame was awesome tasty with garlic and hot sauce!  Beef was a little fatty.  Don't forget to BYOB...Excellent food, service, and atmosphere.  I was in town on business and saw positive Yelp reviews.  Didn't dissapointCame here last night for dinner for the first time- felt a little cold (to be fair it was really cold outside), hip bright colored interior. This is a korean japanese restaurant owned by Koreans. There was a table of basic yoga chicks next to us eating rolls. They seemed happy. Husband and I got: korean tacos, tuna pizza, mushroom steamed buns, a seafood tofu soup special, agedashi tofu, and an otoro sashimi. Everything was good and flavorful, they can adjust spicy level according to your preference. The korean stuff is great for a cold night!Doma claims to serve Japanese and Korean cuisine, but its menu is certainly Japanese-heavy.  Nevertheless, it was an oddly cold spring evening and I was craving dolsot bibimbap (Korean dish of rice served on a hot stone pot to create the requisite crunchy cooked rice feel).  I also figured that since it was my first time there, I should try something that would be hard to screw up.... and thankfully they didnt screw it up.  (If you do order it, beware: your clothes will smell smokey.  The strong aroma produced by the steam of the hot stone pot combined with the Korean hot pepper paste has permeated my clothes and Febreze will not neutralize that smell.)
Upon perusing the menu, I was pleased that the Zoma had a focused menu and that it didnt emphasize the "experimental" Asian (con)fusion concoctions that other places will prepare to appeal to a "broader" audience.   Of course, if I wanted better Korean food, I would have explored the enclave of reputable Korean establishments in North Philly, but suffice to say that this was a decent place for my neighborhood.   No panchan (variety of small Korean hors d'oeuvres that precede main meals) is served here.  
I found the modern interior of the restaurant appealing.  There is a bar/counter area that accommodates 3-4 guests.  There also appears to be a private area for larger parties that can accommodate up to 8 guests.  
Service, on a whole could be improved.... my water glass was not filled immediately and upon indicating the lack of water, I had to repeat my requests.  Specials were not announced automatically by the person who took my order.  The requested check/bill was not brought over promptly. 
Will I come back here?  Sure, why not?  Next time, to try the Japanese side of the menu.Delicious Sushi, Reasonably Priced.  One of my favorites in the City.  BYOB is a plus.This place is like any other sushi place but has more korean flair to their menu. (See: dok bok ki, bo ssam, bibimbab, etc) It definitely adds more spice in a good kind of way. Great list of hot/cold appetizers and the entree selections were also very diverse. I definitely took some time reading every page of the menu! If my tummy allowed it to happen, I could have had just about everything on the menu. Everything seems interesting and delicious fo sho!
So, when the time came, we ordered what sounded most interesting. Jenny K. ordered spider roll with soft shell crab and salmon teriyaki. Teejay S. ordered spicy pork gyoza salad and steamed pork belly bun. I ordered 3 pcs of nigiri(uni, ama ebi and saba) and nabe udon. I know, my order is not really interesting but it's what I order at every Japanese restaurant to taste the best of both worlds - kitchen food and sushi bar food, I'd like to call it.
So. from above dishes, I definitely enjoyed the nigiri pieces. Saba seemed like it was cooked just right and uni wasn't runny - somewhat fresh. Ama ebi was also very firm and tasted fresh, surprisingly. However, all the other dishes were kind of meh-. The spider roll was kind of soggy in the middle? It was a bit spicy which was a nice touch. Salmon teriyaki...I know this will make me sound like a complete jerk but the presentation was totally off. Teriyaki sauce on the plate was really watery and wasn't too appealing to eyes. Spicy pork gyoza salad was an interesting dish. The spicy asian slaw went well with gyoza but the gyozas were deep fried. Very crunchy and....oily! Also, the steamed pork belly bun was a bit of disappointment as the bun kind of tasted of flour? Then there's my nabe udon. I've never had a nabe udon with shrimp tempura. The purpose of nabe udon is to concentrate on the chicken and the egg deal, I think. The presentation was very pleasing but the udon wasn't really impressive either.
Now, I will totally go back again and again until I find something that works for me - just because this restaurant is so darn cute and it's a BYOB! I love, love, loveeee the decor. One negative side about decor - where is the sushi bar? There definitely is a sushi bar but there are no chairs for the sushi bar... bummers!
I really can't wait until I go back and eat something amazing and bump up the rating. I am so happy to have Doma in the neighborhood anyway!On a work project in Philadelphia and in need of aYelp inspired lunch choice for our crew of 8. Everyone was game for sushi... The die was cast and Domo was our target.
A short walk from Franklin Institute and we were welcomed and quickly seated, presented with menu and we were off and running. Doma is a modestly sized restaurant, maybe 13 tables, yet not squeezed together like NYC
The menu is tantalizing broad & creative selections of Asian fare. Our group is as diverse in personalities as in food priorities and we traversed Doma's menu and ordered across the board, not missing a nuance.
When presented with our lunch, they were visually beautiful as much as delicately tasteful.
Our "Road Warriors"... veterans of many a sushi city and countries, were all impressed, delighted and satisfied. Cause after all, this restaurant review thing is all about getting satisfied, isn't it ?
Doma is that... Satisfying, but with many subtleties and wonderfully tasteful surprises.
When in Philadelphia... 
                                      Get Thee to DomaUpgrading to FIVE STARS,
Went back to Doma for a pre-theater dinner with a girlfriend. I told her how amazing my first experience at Doma was, and kept buzzing about how fab it will be.
AND IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!
We had the tuna flatbread and edamame for appetizer. The flatbread was amazing: we will be making this at home. It is an unexpected combination of tortilla, spicy mayo, guacamole, fresh slices of tuna, topped with shavings of red onion, a sliver of jalapeño and a tiny sprig of cilantro The edamame was perfectly steamed and seasoned.
For the main course we ordered the triple spicy double tuna roll (still fab!) the Yakuza roll :fried shrimp tempura with spicy mayo and other ingredients (amazing) and the Ooki eel and avocado roll (abs delicious).
No room for dessert. Make your way here -  you will not be sorry. Bring a bottle of your favorite libation, enjoy your meal, your company, and just enjoy life.Doma has become one of my favorite little neighborhood spots in Fairmount.  They skirt the curve a bit in that they don't use opentable for reservations however they do take them and are really great about calling you back to confirm.
I love that their menu is an eclectic combination of Korean and Japanese which makes it a great date spot for picky eaters who are not into raw fish.  Steamed buns or Korean Tacos + Sushi anyone?  
Their beef bi bim bop is one of my favorites.  The bowl comes out sizzling and crisps the rice at the bottom.  The only dish that I have not liked here has been the seafood version of this delight.
Sushi wise their BLT role also makes a really great starter.  Packed with a large portion of fish and avocado.  Their Chirashi entree is also the best that I've had in town as it has really large pieces and great variety for the money.I have only been here once but was over-the-moon impressed. We took a nice walk along the Schuylkill River Trail to find ourselves in Fairmount Park on a Sunday night. This restaurant came up as I scavenged through Yelp reviews. 
First off, the restaurant decor is modern-looking and festive. Just the right amount of hanging lamps and glass chairs. It's strange, but even the bathroom here is beautifully decorated and kept clean. I really like the waiters, not too pushy and full of recommendations. Our glasses were always refilled but I didn't feel like someone was hovering above us to clear the table.
There is a wide selection of specialty sushi rolls on this menu. If you are looking for the $5-8 rolls or cheap deals, this isn't that sort of place. The specialty rolls run at $13-15 each but they are really worth the price, super filling with about 9 pieces. We got the ISLAND ROLL, MEDUSA ROLL, and DOUBLE SPICY TUNA plus SEAWEED SALAD and MISO SOUP appetizer for 2 ppl. We left just the right kind of full and in the best mood. 
I will definitely be coming back here with family and friends. Since the restaurant is small, I would recommend a reservation on Friday and Saturday evenings. Next time, I will bring my own wine as it is BYOB.Ughhh...get it together yelp. This was the worst sushi ive had in a long time. I was so excited to eat here..various yelp threads ive read praise this place to end of the world and back. 
We ordered 5 rolls..so we sampled alot of different things...and when the california is the best, and by a wide margin, something is wrong. Service was fine..lol..but everything was fishy, sopped in sauces, with ridiculous amounts of rice. The novelty tuna club was a glorified rice sandwhich. Ill stick to almost anywhere else...im still just so disappointed w how bad it was.After taking my first bite of the Dom Bok Ki (don't ask... just get it!) at Doma last night, my first thought was 'why don't we come here more often???'  I love Doma - from the inviting, warm, minimal modern atmosphere to the easy parking to the creative half-korean/half-sushi menu - and vow to start coming here more often!  We loved the triple-spicy-double-tuna roll and the naked salmon roll (served on top of an amazing crisp fried rice cake) - and especially the Dom Bok Ki appetizer, which is hard to describe - but I have dreams about the spicy sweet sauce that comes with these funky ricey treats. My only criticism is that due to the small size, there is no sushi bar seating... and you can't really see the fish/sushi preparation.We had an event at the Franklin Institute and since we hadn't tried this place, we decided to give it a try. Making a reservation was easy-peasy! I was disappointed that I did not know that this is a BYOB, otherwise I would have come prepared with a bottle to go with the fabulous food.
The service was quick and the food was so so good! We had the korean tacos and steamed buns to begin with. They let us choose a different meat (pork and bulgogi) for each taco and bun, which was amazing because we got to try both. Both were amazing, though the bun-to-filling ratio was more bun-heavy and thus a little doughy for my taste. We also tried the naked tuna, that was AMAZING!! They also served a spicy, sticky, sweet sauce, and I loved it a lot. After I told our server that the sauce was amazing, she gave me some sauce to go home with! That's the extent of their great service! The portion sizes were huge, so we ended up not getting a dish - turned out to be a good deal for us. Definitely cannot wait to go back with a nice bottle of wine!
I also saw a couple people come by for their pick up order. Sad that Doma is not in my neighborhood - could definitely see it being a staple.Yet another fantastic sushi place in the city and the topping on the cake being the BYOB.  
We tarted with the Sunday sashimi and it was fantastic.
The next we tried was the Korean Taco soft taco with spicy asian slaw, and with bulgogi. It had amazing flavors,a tad but sweet, but really delicious.
The 3rd came the Medusa shrimp tempura, avocado spicy sprouts, spicy mayo lump crab salad, wasabi mayo, red tobiko scallion, one of the best of our dinner, definitely to be tried.
The Sashimi Regular assorted 10 piece assortment of sashimi, the best of which was the Chilean bass which will make you forget a cooked bass and you will always want to it in a sashimi style.
This was followed by a sinfully delectable dessert banana tempura with a. Chocolate caramel drizzle with vanilla ice cream and trust me this was a sinful dessert which you cannot skip. The perfect end to a perfectly delicious dinner.
We had a light Rise wine from the Mendocino county California which complimented our dinner.
Any sushi lover must give this place a try not once but many more times.
Just one negative thing about our evening was some rude, loud female with no consideration for others, so hope you don't get her company when you are at Doma the next time.
We will be there soon to enjoy the many other dishes they offer!!It was raining pretty hard when we got here, so I didn't get a chance to take my usual photo of the outside so I settled for a pic of the sushi chefs at work. I was excited for this Korean-Japanese fusion (not the usual fusion, but more of a modern take on things).
we started off with the kalbi skewers because I was craving some Korean BBQ. I was hoping for more than 2 skewers but the marinade was your typical korean bbq. yum!
This has got to be one of my favorite dish of all times, so any time I see rock shrimp tempura on the menu, I have to order it. I don't know if this one has the same caliber as Pod or Morimoto, but it was prepared well and tasted great.
I was expecting a lot for this roll but the lobster flavor was completely lost. I do love soybean paper wrap.
The medusa roll has shrimp tempura, avocado, spicy sprouts, and spicy mayo on the inside, with the lump crab salad, wasabi mayo, red tobiko, scallion on the outside.  This was by far my favorite roll of the night. It was delicious and had great texture on the tongue.
I was not a fan of the triple spicy double tuna which had tuna, spicy sauce, siracha, tempura crunch, and scallion on the inside with seared albacore, simichi pepper and sweet glaze on the outside. I don't know what it was about this roll, the flavor would not settle on my tongue. I definitely was getting the heat, but not in a good way.
Since I had only enjoyed one of the three rolls we had, I ordered the island roll right before the kitchen closed for the night. The island roll has salmon, spicy aioli, tempura crunch, with mango and wasabi tobiko. This roll saved my night. It was delicious and the mango added a very refreshing factor to it. A very nice way to end the night.Please note - this is a review of Doma's sushi only.  And it is not good.
I just don't understand the measuring stick others are using to judge the sushi at this place.  I could not have been more underwhelmed.  And I was dying to LOVE this for many reasons; BYOB for one, in my 'hood, nice decor, and stellar reviews.
What I found was courteous albeit slow slow slow service (w/ only a few tables of diners and 3 chef's behind the sushi bar it took 45 min. to get our first order) then it went down hill from there.
Bland bland bland is the overriding theme of the night.  Starting with the soy sauce - not very complex or flavorful except for the heavy emphasis on vinegar.  The wasabi, I could have eaten it alone and not felt any heat or flavor for that matter.  Then the fish and rolls - yes the texture spoke of freshness, but the flavors were completely lacking.  Both for the fish itself and for the rolls we had. 
So on I march for my favorite sushi bar in the city......Fresh, well executed.  Small place with nice staff, fantastic tacos.   Will return.Came here last night with a couple of girlfriends and the end result? Already looking for an excuse to go back!
On a whim, we called around 8:00pm on a Saturday night, looking for a table for three, and we got a reservation for 9:30pm. The restaurant is on the same block as Kite and Key, so if there is a wait, you can always pop over there for a drink. 
From the decor to the service to the food, everything here was well above par. The place was busy when we walked in for our reservation, but we were seated within five minutes, water was delivered, our wine (it's a BYO!) was opened and we got the run down on the specials, promptly. 
After we had ordered, we got back to our conversation. After not that long at all, out waiter brought over edamame, apologizing for the delay in the food - which none of us had noticed, but we'll certainly take the edamame, thank you very much. 
I ordered the special soft shell crab roll - which literally melted in my mouth - soo good. Our table had ordered a selection of rolls everyone was happy with their meal. 
Afterwards, our waiter asked us if we'd like to try the mochi strawberries, to which we said "bring it on!", as well as an order of the chocolate lava cake, because, heck, why not? The mochi presented a bit of a texture thing that some of us had to get over, but once you did, it was strangely addictive - and came with a chocolate dipping sauce. 
Doma offers, hands down, the best sushi I've had in a long time, and is more affordable than the other places out there (especially as a BYO).They are amazing!! First visit to Philly and first sushi bar to taste!!! They DO NOT provide their own alcohol but they suggest for you to bring your own in. Great family, casual setting with FRESH amazing tastes of all sorts of dishes!!!I have been here multiple times and I feel it is necessary to share the wonderful experiences I've had. First off, the place is small yet wisely laid out so you don't feel overwhelmed (mind you I have only been for lunch for what that's worth). The ambience is quite nice as the owners have obviously taken the time to decorate in a classy yet not over the top way. But honestly, I couldnt give two shits about ambience, just throwing it out there for those that may be interested. What I care about is the food and nothing more (unless im paying for a total experience, ie fine dining). Waiters were polite, attentive and helpful, as I was not familiar with many of the dishes.
I realize Im rambling so let me get to it. You HAVE to try the korean tacos, specifically the spicy pork. They are delicious because they have the perfect mix of korean flavors and mexican/latin flavors. The cilantro provides a distinct flavor which goes so well with the kimchi and spicy pork. I cannot stress enough how good these are. If you have any reservations about the korean taco, keep in mind these have been replicated throughout the city and any real foodie will tell you Doma has the vest. Also recommend the tempura jalapeno stuffed with tuna and cream cheese. I know it may sound odd but the flavors are so great and diverse that you will thank me later. That's all for now because im writing this review on my DROID and its a pain in the ass.Nice atmosphere and vibe. I ordered the spider roll and the triple double spicy tuna as well as the octopus ceviche. There was barely any wait to get our food and the waiters were friendly. It was a great experience !This is such a great place. There is hardly anything I dislike about this restaurant. I'd recommend rock shrimp tempura, tuna flatbread, korean tacos with bulgogi, medusa roll, yakuza roll, chocolate cake and fried banana. You really can't go wrong with any of these choices. It's all just soo good.Last weekend was my 2nd visit to Doma.  The first was on a suggestion by another yelp elite'r several months ago.  Clearly we liked it enough to return!  Truth be told, my first visit was a 5 star one, and the 2nd was 3-4.
Lets start with ambiance:  4/5. This place is so teeny tiny and the tables quite close together.  however, it feels legit cozy and when its busy, you appreciate having a table at all!  First visit, the place was slam packed.  This 2nd one wasnt as insane but was getting there was we left. 
Menu: 5/5 - great things to pick from even for us vegetarians.  There were plenty of regular menu items AND specials for the veg-heads out there.  We tried the mushroom bao buns (always get the bao buns), tempura, bimibap (forgive the spelling) roll, and the tofu salad.  I love salads in general but extra loved this one with avocado, seaweed salad, tofu, etc and a great sesame dressing.  The bimbibap (still wrong) roll was ok but not thrilling. My dining partners tried a variety of other rolls which were a huge hit for them.  The triple double tuna was a favorite of the pescatarians at the table.
Service: 5/5.  This place is BYOB (come prepared) and as soon as we were sat, they brought us glasses, opened up the red to breath, and brought a bucket for the bubbles.  Service was very good from there forward. 
Overall, I would definitely return for round 3!I've been here at least a dozen times since Doma opened a few years back. The food and service have always been excellent. While the sushi is not the best in the city (it is up there though), when you combine it with the other Korean influenced dishes it can't be beat. The biminbob bowls are awesome. If you haven't tried them, it is a must. A heavy heated iron bowl with various ingredients that cook at your table. The Korean tacos are another of my favorites. As a BYO, I usually bring a saki, white wine or soju.Real nice place. Very fresh, tasty sushi. Minimalist decor. Penn students at the next table drinking expensive champagne on a Wednesday. Just because. What a city.Easily my favorite place to get sushi in the city. Fish is always very fresh and the prices are very affordable. The shrimp dumplings are some of the best dumplings I've ever had. The medusa and triple spicy sushi rolls are both favorites of mine.
 The restaurant is small and not to noisy providing a great atmosphere. BYOB always helps as well!
I've been here half a dozen times now and this place never fails to satisfy my sushi cravings. Also remember to pay in cash and get a 10% discount .Let me start off by saying that the server was incredibly cute and polite. The atmosphere is also very modern. I really like this place, although it is a bit pricey. I got the uni trio, which was very beautifully made and interesting to try. I enjoyed it. I also got the pachinko roll and doma roll. I really loved the pachinko roll since it had fruit on it (mango and kiwi). However, I think the doma roll got boring quickly, probably because I had mostly raw stuff. I tried my friend's yakuza roll, which was cooked and delicious. What I took from this experience is that it is better to get a variety of rolls and share, since some rolls can become a bit boring to eat after so many pieces.Came here for a birthday dinner and was not disappointed. The sushi was outstanding (triple spicy tuna yas queen), also tuna sashimi was fresh. I ate so much I had to lay down for the rest of the night but it was so worth it. Fried jalapeño poppers and spicy garlic edamame are a MUST. They were so extremely accommodating and happy to celebrate a birthday. I recommend this place for anyone wanting an authentic sushi experience in Philly!Love the place and sushi here!!
Crispy tofu for appetizer, California roll, avacado cucumber roll for main course and banana tempura for dessert...simply delicious.
Have tried this place few times and just love the food here. Have also tried bento box lunch special which is quite filling as well. 
Never had issues getting a table..15-20 mins wait maybe.I like Doma don't get me wrong, the sushi is very good, however I have one qualm. The sushi is very ordinary! Ive been to a lot of different sushi restaurants in the city and they always seem to have something original that no one else on the planet can offer. Doma offers a very nice selection of sushi but I feel like i could get the same sushi else where. The rolls aren't that imaginative. 
The one plus is the atmosphere and service! both top notch!!Pretty good sushi place in the Fairmount area. It's a small location, so I'd recommend you get a reservation. The sushi was fresh and the rolls were relatively innovative, I just wish that they were bigger (most of the rolls only came with 6 pieces).  Also, the service left something to be desired (not very personable). All in all, it's pretty good, but I think there are better sushi options in the city (Vic sushi, Fat Salmon, Osaka). If you're in the area though, this is definitely a good spot.The place looks like a stephen starr place real white  and yuppie like. The sushi is way over priced no saki Boo !place is so uptight feeling . Really not that good have had way better in the cityOK, I was late to the Doma party -- I discovered it two months ago and have been four times in that period.  The first time I was pleasantly surprised and wanted to go back.  The second time I was WOWED.  The third and last time I was underwhelmed with one notable exception.  So the best I can say is Doma is inconsistent and here's why...
The small plates/apps on their menu seem to be thoughtful, creative and well-executed.  The reason I would come here -- the fish -- is decent quality, but the reason I have to pause is that their sushi rice is way off base.  On a good night, the rolls stay together, but the rice is still flavorless.  On a bad night like my last time, they fall apart, or are borderline dry.  Sushi rice is supposed to be seasoned carefully with the right about of rice vinegar and alcohol.  It is also literally fanned by the chef to give it a sheen and allow for perfect amount of stickiness.  None of that was present in this rice.
Having said all of this, the service is friendly and the vibe is modern and pleasant.  I'll go back but it will be a long while.  And I suggest a reservation on weekends because unlike the sushi, the neighborhood is consistent with their patronage of this cute boîte.What terrible service! We called in the afternoon to reserve a table for 5 at 8 pm, which we were able to do with no issue. Upon arrival, my party crowded in front of the door while the hostess left for about 15 minutes to speak to management. She then returned to the front of the restaurant and proceeded to ignore our party and speak to a larger group who came in behind us. When I finally prompted her to tell me when we would be seated, she told us that they had to give up our table. We were given no forewarning, and had to find an alternate dining location at 8 pm on a Saturday. I have never been treated so horribly by restaurant staff in my life! Be careful of this place.amazing! service was SO fast and the food was great. it was a little cramped inside so maybe avoid this place if you're a large party.I heard many people rave about Doma before I tried it. Like, everyone. So when my first experience left me a bit underwhelmed, I decided to have a second "date" with Doma before I passed judgment and did a write up.  My first experience was a bit anticlimactic, my table was near a cold window, I was dining sans wine and with a partner who was less than adventurous- so needless to say, my menu options were limited and far from fancy.  After I felt that I would soon be ghosting Doma like a bad first date.  However, I decided to give it another chance, and another chance after that and I am glad I did.  
Second and third go-around visits were 10000% better.  I ordered more from the menu, my date and I had wine, and I left feeling like I had found my sushi "bae".  The major league dishes I had were the Korean pork tacos and the tuna club 'roll'.  The soft tacos were served with spicy asian slaw, and your choice of bulgogi, spicy pork or braised pork belly.  I believe there were three, but my memory fails me because they went so quickly. Next up, the tuna club signature roll.  AMAZE. It had crunchy spicy tuna tartar and avocado.  Fish was fresh, service was fast and friendly.
I am glad you weren't a one-night stand, Doma. 
xoxoMy fiancee and I were looking for sushi on the way out to a show last night.  We had been to Doma before and thought that it was excellent, although a little over priced.  We arrived at 9:20 on a Thursday night and were turned away because they decided to "close early". Seriously?  After biking several miles to get to Doma, we were incredibly disappointed.  Don't worry Doma we won't be back.I love me some Doma. Sometimes I'm not sure why I even go to other places for sushi. Their specialty rolls really are special. They have unique combinations of fresh fish and other ingredients. The sushi bar is very prominent in the restaurant and you can see your fish being prepared right before your eyes. 
On my last trip to Doma, I went straight for the sushi- ordering a bunch of signature rolls to share with a friend. Our picks for the night included the triple spicy double tuna, naked salmon, Chloe, tuna club and island. The island was probably my favorite and it included salmon, spicy aioli, tempura crunch, salmon, mango and wasabi tobiko. I'm not going to re list the menu, but whatever fish and ingredients tickle your fancy, Doma will probably have a signature roll for you. 
Non-sushi lovers can rejoice as well as they have a kitchen with tasty options.
The restaurant itself is tiny. Make sure you call in your reservation! It's a very intimate but swanky setting. And its BYOB, which is fantastic to me. Next time I try to go elsewhere for sushi, I really need to just check myself and reread this review.The Korean Taco was delicious (though messy!) with a little heat. The soft, silky Agetofu was subtle, but great. The Sashimi Sundae was a rainbow of flavors, but I actually would have preferred the elements separately. The Dok Bok Ki (grilled rice cakes) are not very traditional and were probably my least favorite, but still pretty good.
The Tuna Club is very tasty, but is filling because of all the soybean paper that is shaped into a thick bread form. I also liked the Hamachi Verde roll, but could have skipped the kiwi on top of the roll.
I also sampled the Ankimo (monkfish pate), which tasted like fishy liver - others enjoyed it more, but if you're already on the fence about pate this isn't going to be the one to convert you.I just happened to stumble across this sushi restaurant on my walk home yesterday and it was a great treat!  I had just come home from Japan within the past few days, and I had THE BEST sushi at the Tsukiji Market in Japan, but this place is not too shabby for being in America, and for being so far away from the shore.  
My husband and I popped in around lunch time (1:45 ish).  We shared the Asian Salad and the Sashimi appetizer.  The salad soy/vinaigrette was quite delicious and the salad was colorful and appealing.   The sashimi was also delicious, though one slice was slightly fishy. 
For my lunch course, I had the Pachinko Roll (only because I loved the pachinko spots in Japan) and it turned out to be great (Oishii desu!)!  My husband had the salmon/avocado roll and the yellowtail scallion roll.  Though it doesn't sound like a lot of food, we were full off of what we ordered.  The bill was in the $50's, which was totally reasonable for the sushi quality.
The staff was attentive and fast. The decor is neat and minimalist.  I cannot wait to go back again, order a Pachinko roll and something new :)  Doma is much better than the other sushi restaurants in the area, though I think it is a lateral move from Umai Umai in terms of hand rolls.  Gochisousamadesita!!The service was excellent! The food was amazing,  definitely not your traditional Japanese. It's Japanese/ Korean with a moder twist. A little pricier but the quality is top notch! Highly recommend this place.I didn't know about this place and just randomly was walking around looking for dinner.  Well turns out I stumbled upon a GEM!  Delicious, delicious, delicious!
It is BYOB but nevertheless I would recommend the 3 tartare in the cold appetizer menu.  Unbelievable!  Another recommendation is their waffle, whipped cream, chocolate with ice cream (recommend the black sesame flavor).... OMG this might be one of the best things I have ever had.  I went to bed dreaming about this dessert!!!pretty good sushi place...easy to park, since it's away from center city.  anyways, didn't ordered any nigiri...since i wasn't so sure...so we ordered few rolls and appetizers...and it turned out to be really good...Hamachi Crudo was excellent choice...I was bit disappointed with the sashimi sundae...i was expecting bigger size in a big martini glass...ambiance was good...staff was friendly...I would come back here again.I'm generally skewed towards favoring hole in the wall places, especially Asian food (see the other 99% of my food reviews)
Most of the places that has mood lighting, table candles and lots of natural texture decor contrasting the neo-industrial sleek lines turns out to be overpriced and of fairly average value.  
When I walked in here I was highly skeptical, but I was really impressed with the quality of the food.  First off, it's a Japanese/Korean menu and they do both equally well.  
They take your average Korean or Japanese dish and kick it up a level in terms of the taste.  For example, the tteokbokki is made of HUGE tteok noodles that were pan-fried and then tossed in the sauce, which gave them a slightly crispy outside and a nice chewy inside- most korean places just throw the noodles in the red sauce and let them simmer and they just end up soggy. 
The okonomiyaki was really filling and had huge chunks of meat and seafood- definitely need to split this one among the party or make it a main plate!  
Bi bim bap was also really good and again the meat and hot sauce were just a step above what I typically see in Korean restaurants.  
Only slight let down was the roasted ika (squid).  I thought it would be huge pieces of charred octopus (which most Korean places do really well), it ended up being a super tiny bowl of octopus slivers on top of fried noodles.  Still tasty but definitely not what I was expecting.  
BYOB.  Don't be like me and forget the sake and soju at home and realize there's nothing around for blocks.  F@# you, Philadelphia Alcoholic Beverage Sale Laws.Plenty of good to great sushi bars/restaurants in Philly. This .. Is one of the better ones. Sushi is fresh, and the service and presentation is equally as good. If I were to have one issue it would be with the way they pack you in there, be prepared to be intimate with your table neighbor and that includes their conversation. Trendy, but doable because the sushi is that good and the menu has much to offer. I really enjoyed the times I came, hopefully so will you.I'm impressed. 
The place is very intimate, great for a date or a small group. The Korean tacos are incredible with a great, crunchy slaw. The sushi is fresh and mild. Also, a very clean bathroom and wonderful service.Always a tasty time, I love going here for sushi.  Can't say I have really tried anything other than their specialty rolls - but those alone are worth the trip. It is an expensive evening but you are getting what you pay for, and that is delicious fish combinations.  My favorite rolls include:  Chloe, Bibimbap, Naked Salmon, and Tuna Club (which legitimately looks like a tunafish sandwich!).  BYO is a plus.When you come across great sushi, hold on, and don't let go. 
I was introduced to this place by my neighbors, and I am so grateful they took me there. My sushi dish was so fresh (forget all your sushi nightmares). The fish, the vegetables, the rice, all on point. They are so creative as well. I wasn't too wow'ed by the dessert we asked for, but I can let it slide because during a subsequent dining experience there, I tried their Korean beef tacos. Holy moly! And I tried a bit calamari bibimbap. The flavor made me feel like I was eating ethereal asian cuisine. The waiters were very friendly (like genuinely) and the decor is great.What a cute place in the middle of nowhere.  The decor is modern & clean and the sushi was fresh & yummy!  The service was great too, although we were only 1 of 2 couples in the place.  I would go back again and recommend this place to anyone.  They even gave us a moschi covered strawberry on the house!  Yum.Great dinner! We jumped in Uber from our hotel with four teenage boys and there was something for everyone from teriyaki to sushi, tempura and edamame!This place most definetly surprised me, who knew this gem was hiding a hop, skip and jump away (literally) from sabrina's cafe. All I have to say is wow!
From korean style tuna tar tar served with a quail egg, to the doma roll wrapped with thinly sliced cucumber instead of seaweed paper and no race, which was one of the coolest sushi rolls I've ever had, this roll alone is worth you visitng this hot sushi spot.
Their rice was very good as well, not sweet at all, just solid sushi rice. The other rolls were very well excicuted, especially the chloe roll (I posted a pic of the rolls on their yelp page). The fish was also very fresh and tastey.
Doma would easily have five stars if their prices were a little better, other than that an overall fantastic sushi spot. Oh yeah the atmosphere is pretty cool too, as is the lunch specials, they do have stuff for those who don't like sushi, but I don't know any of those people...No other words can explain this place other than, "THE best sushi joint in Philadelphia"!
I've been coming here since it opened (I even have my own name of "Fire Guy" in there due to a funny story) and have received the same outstanding service and delicious food throughout the years.  Everything from the appetizers to the dinners and then the desserts are phenomenal.  Add to the fact that it's a BYOB and that makes it as perfect as a restaurant as you can find.  
I highly recommend the Triple Spicy Crunch Tuna roll, the Tuna Club roll, the Chloe as well as the strawberries as dessert.  I've also had their bibimbap as well as ramen and both were exceptional.  
Although I've now moved out of Philly, I will 110% be coming back to Doma as it's not only the best sushi joint but one of the best restaurants in the area.The best sushi and Korean in the Art Museum area. I highly recommend the bibimbap, maki and sashimi.Doma is a great place to eat a very good Japanese/Korean meal.  I would give the food 4.5 stars because the sushi was perfect and the kalbi was yummy too.  I'm subtracting half a star for food because I felt that their prices were a bit high, but I guess that's Philly Japanese food.. it's expensive!
As for the service.. 5 stars!  The host was laid back and sat us at a table really quickly.  Our server was helpful and friendly and he kept our table really clean (the BFF was a bit messy.. hahaha).
So.. the only real reason I'm giving Doma 4 stars (instead of 5) is.. the seating.  I know this sounds weird, but I'm not a fan of high stools.  I know it gives the restaurant a chic vibe, but (1) it was uncomfortable and (2) I was constantly worried about my back(fat) showing.  They did have some regular seating, but it was taken when we walked in.  
If you're from the west coast and desperately missing good sushi and Japanese food go to Doma!I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  We ordered a few appetizers and some rolls and I enjoyed most of it.  Hamachi crudo was good.  Naked Tuna roll with crispy, sticky rice instead of typical sushi rice was interesting.  kind of liked the crispy texture.  Also, got crunchy spicy tuna roll which was good too.This place is not your average typical sushi byob but 100 times better. The menu is extensive with a ton of yummy selections to pick from. My friend had tuna on a crispy bready yummy flat square. I had the Philly roll, which was cream cheese, avocado, and smoked salmon, with a red caviar on top. As you can see I am not an expert on the names of the food we had, because sushi is not my favorite. But this place made me love sushi... 
The thing I liked most about this place was that my friend did not see what she wanted on the menu, so she showed the waitress a picture of what she desired. Waitress was more than willing to accommodate. We watched her go over to the chef to explain the order. Willing to go the extra mile!!! 
Staff was so helpful at all times, refilling waters and always around if we needed to grab the waitress for assistance. Great ambiance. The only issue was the noise level. There was a drunk birthday party next to us who appeared to be literally screaming!!!! Once they left, everyone clapped  This was hilarious. It was loud when the group was there but it was very quiet once they left. I could actually have a conversation with my friend and hear my own voice.Can never go wrong at Doma!! I was introduced to this place couple years ago and it has been one of my favorite sushi place to go to without breaking my bank! This restaurant is pretty tiny so reservations are recommended when coming here at a busy night like Friday, Saturday. They do not have a parking lot but I never really had a issue of finding street parking here. 
I love their rolls more that their Sashimi and i am not a roll person at all. The Sashimi is pretty fresh but it does not taste as fresh to me (certain pieces) But the rolls are super yummy! Must try the tuna flat bread! EVEN if you don't like the tuna (I hate tuna) It is yummy!Doma has the biggest shrimp shumai you'll ever eat. Delicate flavors ever so carefully dipped in spicy Chinese mustard that'll clear out your sinuses before you can swallow. 
I went to Doma with a party of six on my 25th birthday. We had four sushi eaters, one vegetarian, and one chick who has tried so hard so many times, but just doesn't like sushi (love ya, Rebecca L!). 
The sushi eaters gorged on fresh simple and fancy rolls. The vegetarian had a veggie bibimbap and a massive bowl of garlic edemame. The non-sushi eater had the salmon entree. Everyone was happy. And when everyone's happy on your birthday, it makes it extra happy, no?
Fried banana and red bean ice cream came out with a candle on it. The entire meal was classic upscale Japanese/Korean fare that was very much enjoyable- but... Umai Umai is better.The sushi was fresh and the portions were excellent. The only downside was that our server was a little slow and unfocused.My husband and I visited doma for a relaxing meal and got that exactly. They did a wonderful job with the decor and overall theme of the restaurant. They didn't miss a single detail, including the bathroom.  My one complaint is that there weren't nearly enough tables with chairs. Most of the seating consisted of bar tables with bar stools. The bar stools were incredibly uncomfortable and for me made the experience an annoying one as I was constantly adjusting myself on the seat. Now I don't mind a bar stool, but if you are going to occupy most of your restaurant with them, at least make sure they are comfortable.
My husband and I started with the rock shrimp tempora which was nothing to rave about. It had a sauce that resembled buffalo wing sauce and was too strong. We also had the octopus ceviche which was delicious. 
Our main meal consisted of the DIY hand rolls. What a wonderful idea and it was such a hit at our table. The sushi was excellent and the prices weren't bad at all. Dont forget to bring cash. My husband and I received 10% off our meal which was a plus!  I will definitely be going back to Doma and perhaps bringing a seat cushion with me.We had a great date night at Doma! This is a 3.5 star review, rounded up for the pleasant ambience/ experience. The setting is clean, modern, and lively. They played 90's hip hop, but the volume wasn't too loud to inhibit conversation.
The menu gives you a plethora of delicious-sounding choices, featuring Korean and Japanese flavors and favorites. We had the ankimo cold appetizer (small, but delicious and my favorite!), the stuffed jalapeño tempura (my boyfriend's favorite!), the koopa roll, and the spicy seafood hot pot. All the dishes satisfied and came beautifully presented. We would definitely eat here again and this time remember to BYOB!As a sushi lover, I was sooooo pleased to see this placeopen.  Owned by the same people from Shiroi Hana, I went here with high expectations.
My 5 year old and husband also loved our first meal here last night.  My little one spent a long time looking at the live (huge) scallops and giant orange clams still moving in their shells.
We ordered the shumai for the child (who loved them) and an asoortment of tasty and inventive rolls.  DH liked the triple spicy double tuna roll, and I liked the Hamachi Verde - which I ordered without Jalapeno (I'm a wimp).
We can't wait to come back and try more.Really delicious meal. We started off with the sashimi platter, the jumbo ebi shumai and pork gyoza. My mom got the short ribs and my dad got the chicken udon plate, while I ordered two rolls. All were completely satisfied with the meal and hope to return soon!Pretty good sushi, but not the best I've had in Philly.  The atmosphere is probably the best part about the place - it's very light and open feeling for such a small place.  And yes, the place is small, so don't expect to go there with more than a party of four.
The prices are pretty fair, as you could order some "ordinary" sushi like shrimp tempura or a Philly roll for around $5.  There are also more exotic and pricey options, like sushi that has mango wrapped around the outside.  I tried a strawberry mochi desert that came with chocolate dipping sauce, which was just okay.  I would probably skip desert in the future.I've eaten at Doma almost 4 times and it's always been consistent as far as flavored and service I mean great.
Must try!SO glad we tried this place! We were looking for a good sushi restaurant and came here based on other yelp reviews, The interior of the restaurant is modern, and reminded me of a scaled-down version of Pod without the pods. I started with the wild mushroom steamed buns, which were delicious. They were overflowing with mushrooms, had a really good sauce in them, and they were the perfect size for an appetizer. My fiance had the soft shell crab appetizer and was very happy with it as well. I had planned on getting sushi, but couldn't turn down bibimbap once I saw it on the menu. They serve their vegetable bibimbap in a sizzling stone pot with so many delicious veggies (squash, carrots, mushrooms, mung beans, shredded cabbage, seaweed). The rice crisps up on the bottom of the stone pot, making a really great crust on the bottom (almost like tahdig without the saffron for all the Persians out there!). My fiance had a couple different sushi rolls, and was happy with all of them.
The service was very friendly, and we really don't have one negative thing to say! We will be back for sure.Doma is my all time favorite sushi restaurant! I have been coming for quite some time and not only do they have the freshest tasting fish and amazing dishes the service is amazing. The place is cozy modern and just gives you an overall great vibe. Will be going here as long as I live in Philly and even if I'm just visiting in the future! Not to mention its byob !!! Love you guys!!The food is just mind blowing here. There flavors are just so intense. Probably some of the best sushi I've tried so far. All the dishes that were ordered were amazing. Tried over 15 different things on the menu. Satisfied with it all. It's a really great place to check out. Can't see anyone leaving not happyFusion cuisine. It's yummy but it's authentic if that's what you were expecting.I'm giving doma 5 stars because I truly feel its my favorite sushi place in the city. I've been a number of times and always enjoyed everything. Service is very good it's byob and very reasonably priced. But the reason I thin its the best is because I feel like the fish is very fresh and well prepared. Some faves are double spicy tuna and the oamakasa sampler. Hot appetizers have always been good too. I am really eager to try the Korean dishesReally good sushi. Reasonable prices. my boyfriend and i love this place.Great BYOB! Very friendly staff, cozy atmosphere, and great food. Usually come here several times a month with my fellow yelper Brandon who is obsessed with this place. Our favorite items include....appetizer: spicy garlic edamame, chefs choice sashimi platter.  Sushi Rolls: triple spicy double tuna, naked tuna, tuna club, and many more. Also the  bibimbap is very good.  In my opinion, this is the best sushi restaurant in center city Philadelphia.Not really going to add much that has not been said before.  Sushi is fresh and rolls are different.  Tuna club was good, sashimi is good, had a bunch of rolls that were reasonably priced.  I wasn't blown away but this place is solid.  Any sushi place like Umai, Izumi, and this place that have BYOB gets my vote.
Ohhh the decor and the bathroom that everyone raves about.  Decor is simple and nice and the bathroom.....is a bathroom with some bamboo.  I don't know, I don't go to restaruants for the bathroom, I go for the food.First time at Doma and certainly not our last. Small very nice appointed Japanese / Korean sushi restaurant. We both had their bento box dinner special. It was fantastic from the miso to the salad and main portion. Even the green tea ice cream was great. We tried two hot apps, the wonderful shrimp dumplings and the must have fried oysters. The sauce for the oysters is very special. The wait staff is very nice. From the top down, this is one great place that deserves not to be missed.Definitely the best sushi on this side of the Parkway.  Haven't tried anything I didn't like there (even desserts).  Slightly pricey but I appreciate having a sushi place in the neighborhood that is still cheaper than Umai.Doma is a fantastic date spot. Good sushi at reasonable prices+ it is BYOB. The tuna club is a must have for the first visit. Reservations are a good idea as the place is small and is filled to capacity at the prime time spots.The fish here is amazingly fresh and just melts in your mouth. The toro was among the best that I have had in the area. The slightly seared scallop was fantastic as well. I also tried the island roll and really loved the mango/spicy salmon blend. The soft shell crab roll, which is just one of my staples, was fried to the perfect crispiness without being overly breaded. Service was great and I will definitely be back to sample the Korean dishes. If they make a bibimbap on par with their sushi, I will be a regular here, for certain.Decent sushi, although a tad pricey for the quality/setting. The restaurant was pretty loud, and on a Sunday to boot. The smell of the korean bbq was a bit overwhelming too, but maybe it's just that it was unexpected for a sushi place. The sushi was decent, although the rolls weren't prepared with the quality I would expect for the setting/price (loose rolls, etc.). As far as sushi in the neighborhood goes, Umai Umai is by far the best (quality, originality, and setting), Doma is 2nd, and Kansai 3rd. Although, as far as future sushi outings go, Doma doesn't set itself apart enough from Kansai to replace it as our spur-of-the-moment-sushi place since it doesn't have a sushi bar and the setting isn't as quaint, and the quality isn't worth the price (Kansai is). Umai Umai is saved for more special occasion date-night dinners. 
.Best sushi I've had in years!  Cute vibe.  Inventive rolls alongside the classics.  High quality sushi perfectly executed.  I can't believe I never knew this place was here!  Definitely my new spot.Hands down my new favorite sushi place. Everything I had there was good. I highly recommend the spider roll and the tuna club. The apps were kind of small but the rolls are pretty substantial. The atmosphere was good, the service was friendly. It's also BYO so I am definitely coming back with a bottle next time. And it's one of few places I know that make real Korean food.THIS PLACE IS ALWAYS AMAZING. My boyfriend used to live down the street from Doma and we wanted sushi one night so we checked out Yelp. We found Doma and decided to go try it. We've been there 5 times since. 
The most recent experience was last night and it was phenomenal as usual. First off, we've sat at the same table every time we have eaten there and it is my favorite table (the first high top towards the back of the restaurant). We brought a bottle of wine which our server uncorked and put on ice for us (it's BYOB). We got the Yakuza, Medusa, Island, and Naked Tuna rolls along with a salmon skin hand roll and the octopus ceviche for a starter. The ceviche was excellent (better than I was even expecting) and the rolls were delicious as always. 
The service is friendly, warm, and attentive, the sushi makers are real artists in crafting both taste and presentation. This is my go-to sushi place when I'm down in Philly. Do yourself a favor and try it!I've never yelp'd before, but I felt compelled to for the first time after going to Doma the other night. I moved over to the Logan Square/Art Museum area in September after having been in the city for 7 years. I've eaten sushi all over and had great and not so great experiences. I've walked by Doma many times and always said I should try it instead of going in to center city for sushi. I'm thrilled that I finally tried it. I'm writing this because I was so surprised at what a gem it was and how far above and beyond it surpassed my expectations. I was literally just hoping it was decent enough to fulfill my take-out sushi needs when I was craving sushi but not motivated enough to go into the city. The quality of the sushi was amazing. We tried some specialty rolls as well as the basics. Both were phenomenal. They added some creative twists to specialty rolls that I haven't seen before. I love that they don't mash up their spicy tuna. The rolls are large and very reasonably priced. The staff was super friendly. It's not the biggest place, but the layout works well and it has a great modern decor. And the fact that it is BYO makes it great for group parties to come and enjoy drinking without getting a $500 check. Definitely give it a try before you go back to your stand-by sushi spot for the hundredth time. And I'm not surprised to see all of these other good reviews.Cool BYOB in fairmount with incredibly fresh sushi. The servers are attentive and knowledgeable. They had just flown in fresh uni that day which were amazing. Sashimi and rolls expertly prepared. Prices were reasonable and I do not believe we were charged a corkage fee. This place is not quite as good as Morimoto but it is definitely good.3.5 ordered 3 things I loved the triple spicy tuna roll. The whitefish tuna appetizer and spider roll were just meh. Service was ok not great .We ordered take out. Doma roll, Philadelphia roll, triple double spicy tuna roll, Medusa roll. 1st timers, great food. Exceeded my expectations.Ordered the spicy pork steamed buns and three rolls; sweet potato, Island, and spicy scallop. Pork buns were okay, and the sweet potato roll was pretty standard, nothing special...But the other two rolls were awful. Both the salmon and scallop used smelled EXTREMELY fishy. I couldn't eat more than one piece from each (not that I wanted to) due to the overwhelmingly strong fish scent. I ended up just tossing both of them as I didnt want to risk getting sick. 
This is my first time ordering from them and probably my last :(I love love this place. Every time I am in Philly which is often I want to eat here. The tuna flat bread is amazing. I rarely eat raw tuna but this is a must! The quality is great. I would highly recommend the Korean tacos. They rock. The spicy pork is delicious, I don't eat pork but make an exception for these. Every thing I ever had was fantastic but the flatbread and tacos are my favorite!! I can't wait to go back!if i could return the food i ate, i would.. their salmon skin hand roll smelled worse the Ocean City NJ and couldn't even eat it. service was uneducated and we ended up sending more than 1/2 the order back. its a lame place and one of the worse in the city.Doma, you did better. Celebrating a *im glad this week is effin over* my partner and I decided to do date night. We kept it fairly simple and went for all raw food --oysters and the deluxe sashimi that came with miso soup. This place is BYO which is amazing and also a great date night spot. Beware the space is a bit small and so you might be tucked in a tight corner. I still stand by my first review comment that doma is a bit yuppie for my taste but they serve fresh and good sushi so I'm willing to let that pass.Cheers to my new absolutely sublime Saturday night spot!
Food: A+ -- Fresh, expertly prepared with crazy-good spicy flair. The menu presents a delectable marriage of Japanese and Korean food. While the sushi and sashimi looked supremely appealing, the Korean offerings were my main draw on my first visit. The spicy garlic edamame was sensational, and the spicy pork Korean tacos had me dancing in my seat (these were both items presented on a specials menu). The succulent pork (not too juicy), variety of Korean spices plus the fresh jalapenos definitely deliver the right amount of flavor and kick and the super fresh slaw provided just the right balance. They were two hunky soft tacos that I'm still hankering for today--best Korean tacos I've had in Philly yet!
My friend ordered the miso soup, and the aroma was as warm and flavorful as the taste. She couldn't set the spoon aside fast enough and happily sipped the bowl clean :) And since she's expecting her first child but was absolutely set on having some form of sushi she ordered the California roll which was a generous and lush serving that she wholly enjoyed.
Service: Warm, engaging and attentive tag team of servers who are very knowledgeable about the pretty dynamic menu.
Atmosphere: Delightful! Doma's understated, cozy and clean atmosphere made for the perfect place to catch up with a friend. We didn't have or thankfully need a reservation and were seated immediately. The overall dining room is small, but the minimalist decor is smartly paired with dangling tea lights and textured dividers so we enjoyed a quiet, intimate and utterly delicious meal. Also, it didn't matter to me on this occasion, but it's a BYO.
I cannot wait to return. In fact, I'm kinda already having a second craving and am really excited to explore what is seriously a pretty awesome spread of a menu.I love this place. I always seem to order the same things because I love them so much. I start with the stuffed jalapeno tempura. I've tried similar appetizers in other sushi restaurants and it is never as good. The tripe spicy double tuna roll is amazing. I also always go for the naked salmon roll simply because it isn't really a roll at all. The crunch of the sticky rice is a welcomed change from the normal sushi consistency. I wish that I wasn't so in love with these items so that I would try something else.I'm obsessed with this sushi spot. Definitely my favorite in the city. I usually get takeout from Doma once a week. Their TYS combo roll is a great value, especially when you pay cash (10% off) 
The services is always fast and friendly! Just keep in mind not to be a last minute customer, they do like to close on time, so they may turn you down if you show up 20 minutes to close trying to order.Average 4 stars for this place? No freaking way.
We arrived at Philly pretty late from DC so we decided to grab a quick bite before checking in a hotel. I ordered Nabeyaki Udon and my husband ordered two rolls, Negihamachi and Salmon with Avocado.
Sushi: Grocery store offers even better sushi than this place. Sushi rice had no taste, slimy fish and omg, what is up with their soy sauce? So light in color and I'm thinking they might be offering Tawainese soy sauce. Both sucked. 
Nabeyaki Udon: does they even know how to make udon broth? I mean all they need to use is Hondashi. I think they only seasoned it with water with soy sauce and mirin. I had to add Shichimi to adjust the flavor. Also Nabetaki egg yolk needs to be slightly raw, but this one is overcooked. They added too much onion slices than noodles, and it simply was really bad. 
Despite the fact the food sucked and my water glass has a few lipstick marks on it, the service was ok and waitresses were friendly enough. 
Owners: if you are reading this, please try your food and make sure that sushi chef and kitchen staff understand what the sushi rice and nabeyaki udon should taste like. There are so much competitions in this area and serving the good food is the only way for you to survive.Wow! Hamachi Verde roll may have been one of the best rolls I've ever had -- melt in your mouth yellowtail with the perfect combination of textures and flavors (including the kiwi finish). Our other rolls were amazing, too, and the carnivore in the family devoured the bibimbap. Chocolate lava cake was great but the banana tempura was the dessert winner. Over-eating never felt so good!Easily the best beef dolsot bibimbap I've ever had. The miso soup was also topnotch.  I can't speak on the sushi, but I fully intend on coming back here to give them a try.
Service was great, though admittedly I was the only person in the restaurant for lunch. They kept my tea and water full so I'm a happy camper. Not every sushi restaurant asks if you want tea before you have to ask for it, so that was nice. 
I really can't say more other than that I left full and quite satisfied. The bibimbap alone gets 5 stars from me in particular.  I can't wait to go back.So far, I've only had one visit here, but I feel like I'll be back for more since I liked what I tried and there is so much more to try on the extensive menu.
The miso soup starter was nicely warm and tasted fairly standard.  The soup was followed up by a collection of rolls, signature and regular.  The fish in the rolls I had were fairly standard staples -- salmon, yellowtail, and albacore (tuna, I guess?).  The signature rolls included unique combinations, like the naked salmon - which wasn't even really a roll, but salmon tartare over a square of crispy rice, or the island and hamachi verde, which included fruits (mango and kiwi). 
If you care, the soy sauce they provide by default is the low-sodium soy sauce (so, you know, you aren't so parched at the end of the meal).  The service was friendly and competent.  It's BYOB, so do bring your own booze and they will provide you with appropriate stemware.  The space is small but well laid out and modern in decor.  It can get crowded, so consider making a reservation if you want to eat here at prime dinner time.  They provide reusable (yay!) chopsticks and real (as in cloth) (and also reusable) napkins, which is nice.My wife and I LOVE THIS PLACE! We get take out every week now for 3 years. Always excellent quality and taste. We rarely get to dine in, but when we do the staff is super friendly. The food is just so damn consistent.ABSTRACT
Great sushi by a thoughtful Korean chef. Korean influenced dishes also on point. Sashimi / chiarashi - freshness is good, and specialty rolls that are subtle but creative (no cream cheese and sparklers - but that's a story for another review...)
BACKGROUND
After a week of customer dinners, airport "food" and hotel room service on the road, I always need a detox with sushi or Korean food...
Doma can scratch both itches quite well. Found it was walking distance from hotel which sealed the deal for me - they also deliver locally...
HIGHLIGHTS
- Spicy pork Korean taco: there's a reason why this dish has spread across the country  from Gogi in LA, it's good+fresh+tasty. Doma's take is very good...
- Chirashi: rice seasoned well, dressed with wakame and furokake ( I likey). Fish was fresh and cut well
- Omakase Roll: imagine a null roll (rice only), with a folded piece of sashimi skewered onto each of the rice pieces, then differentially sauced (salmon + ponzu, sea bass + gochujang...5 different fish). I will order this everytime I get here!
NOTES FOR NEXT TIME:
Hot Stone Bibimbop
Uni 3ways app
PS: 5th star is for service - it was busy, and server brought a complimentary order of shumai to make up for the longish wait between dishes...Holy Cow, their signature rolls are good!!!!!
 Yakuza roll is soooo good and filling.
 Naked Salmon is creative and addicting.
 I liked their Doma Roll, which was very fresh.
 Salmon Belly(seared) is always thick and amazingly flavorful.
 Uni is usually fresh and sweet.
 I don't love their takoyaki. Too doughy or something. It is just not smooth.
 I like their pork gyoza alrigt.
 Our waiter had some kind of problem with us when we went last time.
 She never smiled, rude and inattentive. We asked for beer opener which she had but not willing to let us use it.... it was really weird. 
 The guys who are usually there are really nice and on top of everything.
 Anyhow. We love their food, and usually the wait staff, too!
 We'll be back!Decent sushi. Great service. Boyfriend had sashimi which he said was very delicious. I had a couple of rolls that were pretty average.At first I was shocked to see that this place didn't have all 5-star reviews.  Then I thought, "well, as of right now, it does have 30 total reviews, they've averaged out to be a 4-star place and that's not bad."  I guess it shows that people cared enough to review and it overall, it's a good sushi/Japanese place.  I had a different experience (i.e., the 5-star review)...
Awesome, awesome, awesome.  One thing I hate when I go to get sushi is ice-cold rice.  It's like the sushi has been sitting in the fridge, waiting all day for me to eat it and that's no good.  The first bite of my tempura shrimp roll took me to a far away galaxy where only taste exists.  My mouth went numb, my mind slowly slipped away from my body and then **BAM**  I found myself back in Doma, a modern, clean, sheek and swanky small restaurant with top-notch staff and even better sushi.  Take a trip to Doma to see what I'm talking about...
P.S. - I'm all about a place with cool and modern bathrooms... take a bathroom trip before you leave!Awesome sushi!! And the miso soup is among the best I've ever had. Awesome spot for lunch or dinner.  I LOVE DOMA!!!Dinner on Friday night. Here are the goods about this place: 
1. Able to make a reservation at 8pm for 9pm...  we weren't going out but decided last minute to go into Philly 
2. BYOB- need I say more 
3. The food is really tasty
4. Two Korean Tacos and 3 different rolls - the bill was $36 
5. Friendly staff 
We really like this place. It's a good staple BYOB when we want Korean/Japanese food. 
The Korean tacos are delicious- they are a special but on the list every time we have been here. The spicy garlic edamame are tasty too but be wary if you have somewhere to go and you don't want bad breath.Initially I came here because it's one of the two places in Philly currently that attempts Ramen noodles.  I knew it wouldn't be like NY's Ippudo, but I was hoping for something that would provide a fix.  
Sad to say, it resembled the instant noodles ramen more than Japanese ramen.  We also had the shrimp tempura Udon.  Which was fine, but unmemorable.  
However, the calamari bibimbap was pretty good.  I also got the Kalbi to go. Good but so expensive compared to a North Philly Korean restaurant.  But you can't hate on the business.  Location location right?
There were a lot of things on the menu I'll be back to try though, including the sushi.  Overall a good experience and a definite revisit since I'm always in the area.This is my first time here! They have a passion for making sushi! All plates look exceptionally beautiful and mouth watering. Their service is excellent and they cater with love! 
I am amazed at the food! Hidden gem :)
Try their ice cream trio yummmmm!This is my go to sushi place. Everything on the menu is good. My favorites are the spicy scallop roll, tuna uke hwe, and the sashimi sundae. This place is great for vegetarians and vegans too. The mushroom bun and the vegetarian roll are both awesome. It's byob which is also nice. Best sushi in philly!Best sushi in the city! You have to get the specialty rolls (highly recommend the Yakuza, the Ooki Eel, the Lobster roll, and the Medusa. But all are very good. Tuna flatbread and miso soup were heavenly starters.This place was ok. Their food was tasty, but a bit over priced in my opinion. My boyfriend got the rice bowl and I got some sushi. Quality was on par with Yakitori Boy so I was a little annoyed that prices were $14 for a dragon roll where you can find that for $8 - $12 at other spots in the city.
Service was fantastic however. Our waiter was really nice and the wait staff was also great. Not sure if I'd return though.We went with friends the other night- and it was delicious! My boy friend and I had the spicy pork dolsot bim bop plus a shrimp tempura roll and a special roll (I can't remember what it was called). Our friends had the veggie dolsot bim bop and some veggie rolls. Everything was fresh! The place is clean and hip but not intimidating. Service was great! AND it's BYOB so you can save some cash on booze! 
I'll def. be back there soon!I enjoyed Doma.  It was clean, friendly, and BYOB (without a corking fee).
I came to Doma with my wife and two of our friends on recommendations from Yelp.  While our meal was good, it wasn't great - and it couldn't compare to other sushi restaurants we've tried (Ooka, Kumo).
The service was good, but a bit slow.  It took too long to get our orders and even longer to get the check.  The staff came by to refill waters and tea but once the place filled up they seemed overwhelmed.  They were very friendly, however, and spoke great English.
The tea was disappointing.  It was too bland and had no uniqueness to it.  The food was the best part of the experience (and most important).  We ordered the edamame and the agetofu for appetizers.  I was a big fan of the agetofu but my wife seemed to care less.  The edamame was "meh;" it was like any other.  I really appreciated the creative Korean dishes added to the menu.  While I did not personally try any, my friend had the Korean Tacos and enjoyed them.  Having Korean at a sushi restaurant was a neat addition.  The hand rolls were disappointing to me because Doma does not offer brown rice, only white.  I have never been to a sushi restaurant that did not offer brown rice.  I still find it strange.
All in all, I still give Doma 3 stars because I enjoyed the food enough to go back.  The BYOB is a big plus and makes it a restaurant worth going to for dates or out with friends.Tuna stuffed jalapeno tempura? Yes, please! 
On a recent visit back to Philly a girlfriend told about this little gem. It's in my old neighborhood and just down the street from my all time favorite brunch spot - Sabrina's - off 18th and Callowhill. 
On the last evening of my visit, two friends and I dropped in for dinner with 2 bottles of wine in tow. Immediately I liked the soothing, minimalist decor and hanging tea lights that dangled from the ceiling of this sleek little BYO. We did not have reservations, but were seated promtly and it was pretty busy for a Sunday night. 
Between the three of us, we shared four sushi rolls, plus the stuffed jalapeno appetizer and spicy edamame. Everything was great and the fish was fresh and tender. It's definitely a good addition to the restaurant scene and since many neighborhood sushi places are pretty small it's nice to have options, especially when the sushi cravings strike!Delicious food and highly recommended. I am Korean, so I know good Korean food, and this was it. Plus, they have amazing sushi as well. Highly satisfied and highly recommended!In short: the fish is NOT fresh.  When I pointed this out to the waiter he just shrugged.  I definitely would not come back.A hidden gem in the Art Museum/Fairmount area. Awesome sushi and other appetizers that are delicious. Moderately priced, excellent quality consistently. Love it and would recommend it to anyone. It's BYO so come with your favorite wine/beer.Nice atmosphere. Ordered a lobster tempura roll and I would have never guessed there was lobster in it. Sushi was bland and unmemorable.  Protein in the rolls are pretty much nonexistent. Wouldn't take an item I'm allergic to and didn't touch off the bill cause I didn't tell her before ordering. Yakuza was the only decent item on the menu.Some of the best sushi in town.  Absolutely the best restaurant in this neighborhood.  The food is great, the atmosphere is cozy, the fish is fresh, and the service is fast and friendly.  Great sake doesn't hurt either.Doma is Philadelphia's best kept secret or I just have been living under a rock when it comes to the Philly sushi scene. amazing rolls. Double spicy tuna was my favorite. Tuna flatbread is so fresh & delicious. The hot stone was also unreal. The fact that it is a byob makes this place one of the best in the city. Highly recommend the chocolate never soufflé cake. Ask them to add extra Rice Krispies.I first walked in and was greeted by the host and he walked my family to our seats, he was very polite and he listened to what we wanted to eat and explained perfectly what was what. He even came back to our table because one of our meals came with cucumber kimchi, which is spicy, and we don't like spicy, but regardless he asked us not having the knowledge of we like it or not which I greatly appreciated.
The food came very fast and the price for the food is fair. My brother doesn't eat with chopsticks which is what they had, before my brother asked for a fork and knife the waiter asked, "does anyone need utensils?"
Amazing
The food tastes wonderful, I don't usually have teriyaki sauce, because there is usually too much on my plate, my brother said, "This is amazing and there is a perfect amount of teriyaki sauce!" And I couldn't agree more.
If there was a 6th star this place would/should get it!Very good. Chinese sushi chefs. BYOB. A bit of a hole in the wall on the outside, but modern and upscale inside. Impressed by the moderate pricing - $21 for two rolls + two pieces of sushi + Edamame app.We went to Doma for lunch last Friday as a part of my 28th birthday extravaganza.  Luckily the place is a BYO.  We sorely needed the hour and a half break from drinking that the restaurant afforded us.  On future, more sober visits, I would recommend your favorite sparkling wine (be it a Champagne or a Prosecco) or a French Chardonnay like Macon-Village or Pouilly-Fuisse.  Anything light, white and minerally will do you proud though.
You wouldn't want anything so powerful (California) that it would take the attention off of the food.
The food, by the way, is FAN - F'N - TASTIC!  I know this because I generally hate seaweed salad and I totally wanted to devour the one that Drew ordered.  Our extraordinarily handsome server explained that the quality of a seaweed salad is all about the source and storage.  This one was less like kissing a jetty and more like making love to a mermaid/man (pick your poison).  
We also ordered a tuna appetizer served with a raw quail egg, seared rice, pine nuts and a deliciously sweet/tangy sauce.  The combination of ingredients could've been overwhelming or confusing if the dish had been produced by a less capable kitchen.  This dish, however, was sublime.
We also ordered a sashimi tasting and a handful of rolls to round out our meal.  I was impressed that the sashimi was served in a bowl of rice dressed with some interesting accoutrement (panko breadcrumbs, tobiko, etc.) rather than boringly fanned out on a plate.  The safe-bet/pedestrian Spider Roll we ordered was probably the best I've ever tasted as the soft-shell crab tempura was still warm when the roll hit our table.
All in all, this was the best sushi I've had in the city.  Our server was super infromative, personable and H - O with a capital T, hot.  If you don't go for the food, go to fuel your fantasies.I have been here twice now and I consider this among the best sushi places in Philly. The service is also great and it's a BYO, making it a very affordable dinner option.Have dined in and taken out many times, great service and excellent sushi. Also the Korean tacos are amazing!My girlfriend and I decided to finally try this place after searching for a BYOB that takes cards for half the night. I can't say i was disappointed, i got a sizzling rice bowl and she got some sushi. Everything was very good, and the service was quite excellent i have to say. The place is a bit small and obviously this place was the last stop on our journey to find food so perhaps I'm a bit tainted in my experience. While this isn't my favorite sushi spot, everything was very good and i'd probably go again. They came through in a pinch with accepting card, and the white decor with clear chairs was appealing. Also cool looking clear chop sticks!Great food and great service the gentlemen who waited us was so polite and patient with getting our orders. They have great desserts as well. The banna tempura was soo good.I had heard from a couple friends that this place was the best sushi in Philly.....eh it was OK, not super amazing. Granted, I got sushi that wasn't crazy (like covered in mangoes/avocados and 5 different sauces). The sashimi was HUGE, like literally chunks of fish, it was more like a serving for 2 people rather than 1 piece per person. My boyfriend and I had also ordered their hot bibimbap -- which was probably our favorite thing we had to eat, surprisingly. The flavors in the beef bibimbap were great, and it was very filling. 
This place is also BYOB, just keep that in mind!Great food and clean, modern and trendy layout. Korean and Japanese entrees. Definitely recommend although it is slightly more expensive than the average sushi joint.While I haven't been to Doma since it first opened, I've found myself visiting Doma three times in two days because a friend of mine, who is in the hospital wanted Japanese food. So I got a bibimap made with chicken and egg, which they made special, and two orders of the tempura sampler. 
My friend said there was so much more in Doma's bibimap compared to other restaurants that serves it. Lots of veggies. I thought I also saw tofu. She couldn't eat it in one sitting. So she was pleased, though she wished the rice had been stickier. She also liked the tempura sampler, which includes two pieces of shrimp, two string beans, and one each of broccoli, squash, and, I think, carrot. It was orange. 
I also had the tempura sampler, which is served with soy sauce. When combined, the flavor is out of this world! 
Today, I took her a spider roll (as I talked about it with great enthusiasm the day before, though it had been a while since I last had one) and another tempura sampler (I was hoping for a dish of just shrimp tempura, but they don't offer that). 
She really liked the spider roll and, of course the tempura. Watching her eat the spider roll made me want one. So I went back to Doma (same day) and got it. 
O...M...G! 
I could eat a spider roll from Doma every day!!! It's hearty and has a great flavor and texture. Cost: $15+
I would give Doma four stars, but I found the take-out service to be on par. Not bad, just on par.Sushi is above average, but prices are waaaaay above average. We ordered octopus, which was about $11-$12 and received three half inch by half inches pieces with tiny tiny pieces of mango on top of it. Both, octopus and mngo, were cut in such small pieces that it was even impossible to pick it up with chopsticks. We managed to try the octopus (which was nothing special), but couldnt pick up the tiny pieces of mango.
Sushi was good, but portions were way too small. We ended up spending about $90 for something that would cost $40-$45 tops everywhere else.
Not recommended.While inordinately small, this place is one of my favorite sushi spots in Philadelphia. Their Ookie Eel, Yakuza, Pachinko, Medusa, and Triple Spicy Double Tuna rolls are incredible! The service is consistently great and the ambience is trendy (in a good way). I definitely recommend this to any sushi fans in the city, especially to anyone who lives nearby in the Fairmount area.I have gone as far as Lambertville and Newtown for great sushi when I could have walked to Doma!  
The sushi is unbelievably fresh and melts in your mouth delish.  We ordered and had no problem consuming 5 signature rolls.  The triple spicy tuna, Doma and Medusa were amazing.  I highly recommend their tuna sandwich roll...I mean, sandwich.  Try it, you'll see what I mean.  I can't remember the name of the 5th roll, it was good but clearly not as memorable as the other 4.    
The restaurant is bigger than it looks and definitely a great addition to Callowhill St. and the city's expanding list of BYOBs.So this is the sequence of events that happened this past week: 
We ordered delivery on a week night. An hour later we receive a phone call from the delivery man saying he is downstairs so I go down to pick up the food however he is nowhere to be found. When I call him he said he went to the wrong address accidentally and because of the all the time he spent driving he will not come to deliver the food since it wasted so much of his time. I get the sense this is a third party delivery service so I called Doma and explained what just happened. The response from the person who picked up the phone was "Oh, I gave the delivery man the wrong address. Can you come and pick up the food?". 
Really? Really?? Usually people order delivery because they CAN'T come pick up the food. So I said "no unfortunately I can't pick up the food" and the response I got was "ok let me talk to my manager". A minute later the lady gets back on the phone and says "I am sorry we don't have anyone that can deliver the food but next time you order delivery we can give you 15% off."
I am still trying to decipher what's more ridiculous, the fact that the restaurant would not go out of their way to deliver food to a loyal customer who waited for over an hour despite the restaurant's self-acknowledged mistake or the fact they think its appropriate to offer someone 15% off the next time you order from there after the restaurant made an egregious mistake.
An intelligent restaurant manager that genuinely cares for his customer base would make every concerted effort to deliver the food (ie. make one of his employees drive 10 minutes to the customer's place) and deliver the food at a significantly discounted price (if not free). 15% is 3 dollars of the order. Thanks but no thanks.
Fortunately, Philly is a haven for foodie's. Zero necessity to ever come back here.Great find.
...con't from my Whole foods review.
After being pretty much disgusted with my visit to whole foods, and really longing for some sushi after my police run in, I drove the two blocks and found a spot right outside the front door. Bonus.
I ordered the the tartare trio but was disappointed I couldn't get it to go. So I ordered it there and sat while they made the rest of my order - salmon carpaccio and hamachi crudo.
While I loved all of my dishes, I was disappointed that I had to ask for sriracha to add to the spicy tuna. I'm really never a fan of this way of making spicy tuna/salmon/etc, theirs was way underspiced.  However when I added my desired amt of sriracha to it, it made it one of the best I'd had. 
I'll definitely drive past Whole Foods to get to this gem.We came here on a Sunday night after sushi cravings kicked in and we needed a place to grab food in the area.  Thankfully I'd heard about Doma and drive by it ALL THE TIME (when it's closed) so was happy to give it a try.
The restaurant definitely has a modern aesthetic, and the servers are dressed in hip clothing and sneakers, but don't let that turn you off since they are super friendly and able to explain anything on the menu to you.
We ran for some raw pieces of sushi and I was incredibly pleased by the freshness and quality of the fish.  My hamachi and saba tasted incredibly clean and silky, and the salmon was also extremely good.  And the prices, holy hell.  For sushi that good i was stunned that our wallets weren't crying at the end of the night.
I always claim that it's incredibly rare to find good sushi in Philly (having been horribly spoiled by my hometown) but Doma might be the exception to that story now.Very disappointing sushi place. The sashimi deluxe was underwhelming given its called deluxe. The fish was cut in so many different sizes and shapes, and the albacore tuna was fishy! Fishy sashimi is disconcerting. The koopa roll was pretty good, but given everything else, we won't be going back.There's nothing quite like miso soup and sushi when it's pouring rain with forty mile per hour winds. I had just met the BFF in Philly for the weekend, and after half a day trekking around, getting lost, getting soaked, and being generally kind of miserable, it was nice to seek sustenance at Doma. We got there at about 6, so it wasn't at all crowded. The service was a bit on the slow side, but it was nice to just be able to sit, relax, and drink tea for a little while. We both ordered the sushi regular, and it was excellent. Their spicy tuna rolls aren't made with the normal mixed up tuna and sauce, but rather chunks of tuna with the spicy sauce overtop. They were perfect.
We also ordered the chocolate lava cake with green tea ice cream. It was quite good, if not a little dry on the cake part. But it wasn't overly sweet, and the ice cream was really light and refreshing.
Our waiter seemed a little timid- every time he came over to the table, he said "Excuse me, ladies?" I mean, I didn't think we were that deep in coversation, but I could have been wrong.
They also never refilled our tea, which I found odd. They also didn't charge us for our tea, so who knows what was going on there. 
We had a good time, and very much enjoyed the food. If I go back to Philly, I would not mind eating here again.I piad my first visit to Doma last night and was pleased overall.  The rolls we got (nothing too adventurous) were fresh and tasty.  Food-wise, the only thing I would change would be the sauce on the agetofu.  I love agetofu and try it at most every sushi places I visit, and the sauce at Doma was just a bit on the bland side -- it was almost unnoticeable.  The waitstaff at Doma was great, with everyone filling in when others were busy without having to be flagged down, and, while it's a small place, it didn't feel crowded, which is a huge plus.  I would try this place again for sure.BYOB, fresh sushi, Dolsot BI BIM BOP!!!  Doma you are so good to me.
I love this place.  Some of the best Korean (fusion) food I have had in the city.  First time I came here, they had a special Spicy Pork dolsot bibimbap (Hot Stone Bibimbop)... and I had a smile on my face for the rest of the night.  Holy crap, it was perfect.  For those of you not privy to the magic of the dolsot bibimbap... let me educate you...
It is a sizzling korean stone pot with rice, assorted seasoned vegetables, and spicy kochujang sauce (description stolen from their menu).   Many people are intimidated by the spectacle of the dolsot... but fear not... you can overcome in these few steps:
1.  When the bowl is delivered to you, immediate pick up your spoon and begin stirring everything up.  Don't forget the spicy sauce! It is integral... but be warned - a little goes a long way!
2. After stirring for a few seconds, push all the contents of the hot bowl to the sides so the vegetables, meat, rice etc can get seared by the heat.  Let sizzle for about 15 seconds, and repeat the stir / push procedure.  Continue this until the sizzling has stopped.
3.  Pick up your chopsticks and DIG IN.  Enjoy!
Doma is a great spot to take a date or meet up with friends.  The service has been spot on every time I've gone there - they are very attentive. The atmosphere is very chill - kind of an ethereal modern vibe... pretty much exactly what one might expect from an asian fusion restaurant.   Be sure to make reservations ahead of time!LOVE!!! Doma
This is a wonderful sushi place-the fish is fresh and rice the perfect texture/consistency.  The Doma sundae is delightful!We tried Doma last night.  We did not have a reservation.  The hostess said it would be about 50 minutes but she was giving someone with a reservation about 5 more minutes to show and, if not, we could get their table.  There were several open tables and no one waiting.  We waited about 90 seconds before being seated by the door/front window.  Not too bad, but I didn't get the hype of having to over-inflate the wait time.
The food was good.  We ate the tempura sample appetizer and the sushimi appetizer.  \For the main course we had the Ooki Eel (sp?) roll, the Naked Salmon roll, the spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail scallion roll.  
HOWEVER, in between the appetizer and the main course rolls, the waitress came over and knocked soy sauce all over.  She was more concerned about the soy sauce on floor than the huge puddle/stain on my pant leg.  I told her about it and she acknowledged it and sort of apologized.  It wasnt too big of a deal - it was an accident - but the hostess came over to clean the floor and acted like it was my fault my pants were soaked in soy.  Again, her concern seemed to be the floor next to my soy stained leg (the stain was about the size of a football - hard to miss).
Usually, when you get crap spilled on you by the staff, they do something... comp an app or bring you a coffee or just say something, like sorry.  There was no response from them.  Again, it was an accident and I'm not one who is motivated to get something for free.  I just would have appreciated someone saying sorry your leg is soaked in soy - here is a napkin to dry your leg before you go out in the 29 degree weather.
Otherwise, the food was tasty, but nothing to go too far out of the way for....  There are better sushi places in the Fairmount area.
I will say that the place was clean and seems to be somewhat popular.Doma is the sushi restaurant that I wish was closer to my home.  The fish tastes great, their menu is fun and they are a BYO.  I begrudgingly drive or take a pricey cab ride to dine in this wonderful establishment.
I've had a number of items from their menu and everything just tastes very good here.  I'm not bothered by the fact that there is no standout because I don't think you can order something that is even sub par.  They put effort and skill into preparing their dishes and it shows.  They have consistency and that's what counts when it comes to running a successful restaurant.
I've been here many times and will continue to come here for as long as I can.  When I'm craving sushi, this is my go to.This was my second visit to Doma.
I must say really great. Came the second time with my ten year-old son for an early dinner and had a yummy meal.
I ordered the sweet shrimp appetizer (which the server told me they had run out of) and was slightly disappointed but happily ordered the shrimp dumpling appetizer instead. Before my appetizer was brought to the table he had sent a "complimentary" dish as a peace offering. This was totally unexpected but welcomed as I had not complained to him or showed any disappointment from having run out of the sweet shrimp. Very nice touch though and tasty.
Our pork dumpling app. was a good start. Cooked nicely without the common overcooking of some dumplings. Firm and full of pork. Simple soy sauce and a drop of spicy mustard to compliment.
I must admit I was in the mood for just a spicy Salmon roll and I did add a piece of Sake salmon sushi which was de-licious!!! Just a beautiful piece of fish that was rich and melt-in-your-mouth awesome.
My son opted for a Snow Crab Roll and a piece of Sake as well and a piece of Yellow Tail sushi. He raved about the Yellow Tail being his favorite if he HAD to choose. 
We decided to splurge on dessert (not very often for our family) but we didn't want our amazing meal to end. 
I had had their Mochi and Strawberry dessert on my last visit and had been talking it up to my son. Upon ordering, the server said they were out of that as well....We decided to go with their chocolate lava cake w/vanilla ice cream. This was kinda small (which I actually like) and good. Not amazing but satisfying as a sweet ending. I prefered their mochi with strawberries as an ending. 
Service was very good. Always filling water glasses and clearing plates. Food came out swiftly. Servers were very nice and the space should really be featured in a Crate and Barrel/ CB2 ad. Very clean and minimalistic with nice lighting and ambiance for such a small space. Parking on the street was easy and plentiful. Since this is a BYOB there is a store that sells beers and wine a few doors down. This place seems to be catching on and starts to get busy as the night goes on. We got there before 6 on a Friday evening (they open back up for dinner at 5:30) and had no problem, but by the time we left it was filled. 
I would have to say, my only disappointment was I would have appreciated to have been told by the server what was not available as to not be let down. But, on a positive, Doma has so many wonderful items on their menu you cannot really go wrong.
We will be back :)I live above Doma and it is always a solid lunch / dinner option. Their sushi is good quality, and their entrees are delicious as well. The TYS roll is the best sushi roll deal (spicy tuna, salmon avocado, and yellowtail scallion rolls) for like $12. I have also had their hotpot bibimbap and that was delicious as well. It is a nice date spot, and is also good for groups.Wow, really not sure how this place has so many good reviews. After reading high praises, I had decently high expectations and decided to venture here with a friend. I was not impressed.
I ordered the chirashi (rice with sashimi over it), and I honest-to-god rarely say this about food, but it was gross. I ate it because it cost $23 for the tiniest bowl of chirashi I've ever seen. But that would have been perfectly OK if it was good. But it wasn't. The sashimi was not fresh, there were only a few actual pieces of sashimi on it, and it tasted REALLY fishy - that soggy-fish-that's-been-sitting-out-for-a-while taste. I couldn't get the taste of the fishiness out of my mouth for the rest of the night. Not to mention there were these dollops of this awful sauce on it all. 
Maybe it was just that particular night, but the environment there immediately indicated to me that it maybe wasn't... well... the most authentic place to get sushi. Young, loud, hair-tossing crowd, Justin Bieber music blasting overhead. Ick.Pros: Great Sushi and nice staff. Cons: A little crowded and mostly college students were there on a Friday night (so pretty loud). I'm personally a bigger fan of Umai Umai. Just make sure you make a  reservation.Loved this place. 
Looking for good sushi in Philly? Search no more. 
What a great place. The atmosphere is nice, clean, and quiet. The service is on point and the food is even better. I started off with a miso, very tasty and nice and hot how I like it. (A bad habit of mine is tasting restaurants Miso soups as an indicator of how the rest of the food will be.)
My partner doesn't like raw food/sushi so I got a rock shrimp appetizer to start us off. It was good and enough to share, I've had better though. 
He ordered the chicken katsu which was better than most. 
I had to order the hamachi jalepeno and it was divine and fresh! I also ordered the crispy rice with salmon on top and that was so so delicious! As per recommendation of the waiter I got the double spicy tuna roll and it was a great balance of spice, tuna, and sweetness. I left completely full yet not feeling disgusting. Perfect place for a date night and I'm sure it's a great lunch spot! 
Will be back.Nice place- cool decor.  Didn't like the chopsticks- they felt cheap and too thick.
Service was attentive despite it being very busy.  
Sashimi was on point- fresh.
Hamachi crudo is a must- good meaty yet light starter with a nice kick from the jalapenos.
Their shu mai- although not authentic was very tasty
Sashimi- fresh
I also tried their pachinko roll-  it was fun and tasty- how can food be fun? it just can when I eat it.
I really would like to try their uni and octopus app, that's the real test for freshness, that will be for next time.This place is great. This tiny place packs a big punch! I got the kalbi skewer which obviously were amazing and a speciality roll with kiwi, strawberry, and shrimp tempura which was great too. My friend got a specialty roll with a pink berry soy wrap that was awesome too.
Definitely worth a stop!I went here a few weeks ago on a date. We ordered a lot of different items ranging from appetizers (the rock shrimp) to sushi rolls. It is BYOB so don't forget your wine/sake/beer!
The Tuna Club was definitely delicious. A must try just because its such an interesting take on sushi. Everything was very fresh and the decor is adorable. 
We were brought an incorrect roll, scallops, by accident. The waiter realized and didn't charge us for the roll and brought us the correct one ASAP.
We sat at a high top table which is sort of uncomfortable but the meal was so delicious that I forgot about the height of the chair as soon as I started eating. 
All in all, this is a place I'd definitely recommend if you're in the area of CCP and want some sushi!Now that we've moved to a house in the "burbs, how I miss my beloved DOMA more than ever.
I popped in at 5:15 ish (they don't open until 5:30) and was seated anyway - and waited a while and relaxed.
Ordered a Naked Salmon (not a maki at all - but gorgeous salmon over an avocado puree atop crispy fried (evil but so good) rice.  More like a canape.
Tuna Hwe dup bap was sublime - uber-fresh quail egg yolk, crisp cucumber and cool asian pear.  (The toasted pine nuts are no longer on it - too bad.)
I miss it here!!!This place has a great location if you are going to be going to a author event at the central branch of the Free Library. Which I was! (Novella Carpenter). 
I actually first learned of Doma through Craig LeBan's review of it in the Sunday Inquirer. It popped into my head when my friend though of sushi as a meal. 
Crazy thing though, neither of us got sushi. We stuck to the Korean side of the menu which seems like it has less then 10 items, so I feel like they can't truly say they are a Korean restaurant. 
Appetizer - steamed buns filled with pork belly. DELICIOUS. 
I got miso soup with my meal. It was served to me lukewarm and I wasn't impressed at all. 
Entree- Beef and Egg Yoke Bibimbap. It was so good. The server was nice enough to explain to me how to eat it. (Drizzle gochuchang sauce on it and then stir to break up the yoke which fries up beautifully in the hot stone bowl) The amount served was a lot and it was so good I pretty much ate the whole thing. 
My friend and I split the Japanese Sundae for dessert. Green Tea ice cream covered in red bean paste with homemade whipped cream, mochi covered strawberries and assorted berries on top. I usually do not like green tea flavor but the ice cream flavor was smooth, not over powering. 
The decor is very white/light woods and minimalist but it still has a cozy feel to it.I am very glad that I ventured into the fantastic and reasonably priced sushi restaurant in Philly!  First of all, every inch of this place is gorgeous and immaculate, including the bathrooms, and the sushi presentation was the nicest I have ever seen.  They served it on a stone-like platter and one of the rolls, the tuna sandwich, actually looked like sandwich triangles.  It was quite nifty to look at and delicious.  Although, I will warn you that it is a bit awkward to eat.  I actually decided to be completely uncouth and use my fingers.  This did not inhibit my enjoyment in the least.  I also had the island roll, which was mostly salmon and a thin slice of mango topped it off.  It was also quite tasty!
The service was just fine.  You may want to consider making a reservation, depending on when you go.  I went at 7:30 on a Saturday and was seated right away, but by 8:00 the place was full.  Also, BYOB.
My only suggestion to Doma is to get sturdier chop sticks.  Both mine and my dining partner's did not split the way they are supposed to and they just felt pretty flimsy.DOMA.....I think it stands for Definitely Outstanding Magically Awesome sushi! My favorite place used to be Morimoto......but now I bow down to Doma. I won't go into any specific dishes, but this place is very creative with their product. They know what flavors complement each other and do an excellent job with everything they create. If you like fresh, innovative sushi then you MUST eat at this heavenly gift from the sushi gods!We were in Philadelphia on business, and my friend and I took a taxi to Doma around 7:45 - on a Wednesday night.  The place was pretty empty, with two tables of people eating and one table ready to leave.  The host offered us a table scarcely bigger than a TV tray that was directly behind the cash register.  We asked if we could have another table and looked out over towards many empty tables.  He said, "Oh,'sorry, we have lots of reservations."  My friend and I looked at each other and then we said, "Okay then, we will just eat someplace else."  Doma did not give us the chance to review the food....YES! YES! A thousand times YES! 
Back for a third time in the past year. Every time I'm a bit fearful because I'm just so afraid I'm going to have a bad experience and that it will ruin my favorite sushi experience to date, but alas ... it just keeps getting better! God I freaking love this place. Every single bite of every single thing I've had is it's own amazing experience. 
To start the seaweed salad is so so perfect. It's not soggy. There's still a nice crunch. Also, I personally do not like when seaweed salad is too, too fishy and this one is not. There's a hint that's kind of hanging out in the back ground, sort of like you might catch something out of the corner of your eye but is never up in your face. What is right there in your face is a nice crunch with that yummy sesame oil pop. 
The edamame is always perfect and this was not an exception. Firm but cooked and perfectly salted. 
I normally reserve my appetite for just rolls and sushi, but a friend of mine made her meal out of a few appetizers and I'm so glad she did. She had the Rock Shrimp, the Kalbi Skewers, and the Agetofu. The latter was a lovely fresh, creamy tofu so delicately fried I almost hesitate to use the word "fried". It was delicious! The Kalbi Skewers ........ O.M.G. The beef was so tender with a nice, subtle sweetness that was perfectly balanced with the scallion it was served with. Lastly, the Rock Shrimp were also very good, but probably stood out the least in my mind, more than likely because I'm just not a huge huge fan of fried food. 
Of course then comes the fish. I had a piece of Yellow Tail sushi. It was the creamiest and most delicious little bundle of joy to ever be placed on my plate. AAAH so good. I also had the Pachinko and the Triple Spicy Double Tuna. These were both really special. So many places just load up their special rolls with spicy mayo or are deep fried, ultimately just masking everything that's so good about sushi ... the fish. It is always so perfectly fresh, flavorful, and not at all fishy! 
Oh yes and the atmosphere is still great. Perfect balance of having a modern feel but still warm. Attention to detail with the lighting (so simple but so important). Nothing over the top, just right. Staff, once again did a great job. 
I'm in love with a restaurant named Doma.Great BYOB Japanese/Korean restaurant! It's quite small inside so I would recommend making a reservation. I came here with my sisters on a Friday night around 7 and had a reservation. It shortly got packed inside. The service was great, the waitress was quick to come to our table, open our bottles of wine, get us water, and take our order for appetizers within the first 5 minutes of sitting down. And our meals came out rather quickly too which was surprising for sushi dishes! I'm used to waiting long for my meals when at a sushi place. Overall great dining experience, the only downside was when someone walked in and opened the door, you felt a cold gust of air.This place is AWESOME! I went here on a whim for my birthday last night and was very pleasantly surprised. I originally was planning to go to Zento, but was unable to get a table. So glad because I personally think the food is way better than Zento. To me, the one time I was there (mind you I was only there once) the rolls just didn't have much flavor to them. Anyhoo ... 
To start we had the edamame. I use to work in a sushi restaurant and ate edamame pretty much everyday, so needless to say, I'm a fan. I think this was the best prepared edamame I've ever had. Perfectly cooked, crisp, nicely salted. The few rolls that I had were awesome! I forget the names but one of them had shrimp tempura w/ avocado and various fruit and fish on top (i.e. salmon, tuna, eel, strawberry, kiwi, mango) - I got it without eel, b/c I just can't do it, but a friend had the eel and said it was great. (That's another thing, the staff was accommodating and everyone there was very nice, including the cooks!). The other roll was tuna with avocado (I think) topped with yellowtail and kiwi -- there was also a bit of fresh jalepeno thrown in there somewhere which added a bit of heat at the end which gave a nice interest to the roll. We also had crunchy spicy tuna and spicy scallop. All of the rolls were DELICIOUS! The fish was just SO FRESH which is really the most important thing. Dessert was good too. I got the green tea mochi. Nothing out of the ordinary here, but it was definitely good and exactly what I was expecting/wanting. 
Aside from the food, the decor is good as well. Nice, clean, ambient lighting. 
AND it's a BYO, which is so much better if you ask me. 
Good stuff. I will definitely be back ... probably too soon. GO!