I never thought tacos could taste so bad. Ordered three types of tacos: Le Frenchman, Little Vegetables, and Ta- Korea with tofu instead of steak. Paid almost $30 dollars for food that I didn't even want to finish. 
Living so close to this place, I was hoping this would be my go to taco shop but I'm definitely not going back.Great! I went a few days after they opened and got the mushroom tacos with jicama salsa. The meat tacos seemed pricey (I'm unsure of the market value for them, though), but the vegetable tacos were pretty cheap and very tasty. The man who took my order was very helpful and friendly, even consulting the chef when he was unsure how to answer a question I had. 
That raises an interesting point, though- the tacos I got were vegan, but no one knew it! I feel it would be more effective to note that on the menu. It would have saved a little time, and it would also attract other vegans like me. 
Anyway, they are brand new, so some kinks are inevitable- the packaging seemed a bit over the top (especially since I was asked if I would like my food to go, and I declined), the wait was a little long, etc. Once the workers and management get in the groove of things, I'm sure it will be a trendy little spot.I came here with a friend around 5:30pm on a Thursday evening. It was empty except for us. I was craving tacos and my craving was satisfied. Don't expect traditional tacos! I ordered the crispy pig and the pork was indeed crispy. There was a lot of sauce which made the taco messy to eat and there didn't seem to be a public restroom for me to wash my hands afterwards. I settled for wetting a napkin with my water bottle to wipe my hands.Went to get tacos on a Saturday night, sign says open until 3 am, I went and knocked at 12:30 am and they told me they were closerI now know why this place is always so empty. For $9 both the quality and portions were terrible. Meat was tough and the whole thing was greasy. I easily could have gotten more and better tacos at chipotle.What can I say... When you have a place that serves bacon on a taco I'm in. Got take out for dinner and it was great. Service was friendly and quick. Music was fun. The space is a little cramped in the restaurant but I guess you work with what you got. On to the food:
I got the Phat Pig tacos. They were soft tortillas(homemade and delicious) filled with bacon, crispy pork belly, lettuce, radish, cilantro and poco... When I say filled I mean it. They had to double up on the tortillas to hold everything. It was great... The only gripe I could've had was the pork belly was a little fatty... I mean fatty for pork belly. I got a big chunk in the middle of one of my tacos. I can't complain too much because that is expected with any pork belly dish.
Girlfriend got the Los Clasicos tacos. I just got a bite because she devoured them. Beef was cooked well and very cheesy which is a plus in my book. I enjoyed the crispy shells as a nice change of pace. It was a little spicy for my girlfriend, but not enough to stop her from eating them.
All in all very good experience and the food was great. We will definitely be ordering again.Ta-Korea tacos and the yuca fries are really delicious. (Probably the best yuca fries I've ever had.) I love ordering online ahead of time and picking it up. The line does get long during lunch hour, but that's to be expected. The price is reasonable and the tacos are big! I feel like I could eat more than two tacos but I do get pretty full downing the tacos and the yuca fries.Shrimp Tacos (El Jafe) Really legit.
It would be nice to get 3 tacos for what you pay. Just saying...Tried them for the first time today for lunch. I chose the veggie tacos, elotes and ginger brew. The whole thing came with a complementary side of chips. The tacos were flavorful and just really good. The elotes could have been juicier but in terms of flavor I cannot complain.
I went late to avoid the typical lunch crowd so thanks to that there were only two people ahead of me and the food took merely 3 minutes to come out. 
The guys were super friendly and helpful when asked for their expert opinion on what to choose.
Will def be back and try the other tacos on the menu...since they all sound delish.Seriously some of the best fish tacos I've had. The blue corn coating was delicious, and the pickled cabbage was fresh and crunchy. I ordered through MealPal, so my tacos were very reasonably priced. Can't wait to go back!Got take out for lunch today because yesterday my colleague had the mac and cheese, which I tried and it was delicious so I went myself today to get some. Unfortunately, it tasted as if they had made it yesterday and warmed it up to serve today, it was not creamy or anywhere near the quality that it was yesterday. I also had some tacos. For $8 the taco's should be good and full. Both taco's were insufficiently filled, if I had put the fillings from both into 1, it may have passed for enough filling. The tortilla was cold, and not to my liking. My friend had different taco's which were also not filled enough.  We were both disappointed. The cashier was nice.DELICIOUS.  I can't get enough of this new spot.  Very excited that it's opened so close to center city and the product is as good as can get. Price point is very fair for 2 (DOS TACOS) and I can't wait to try all the other items on the menu.Very disappointed. My first time going to dos tacos was a little over a year ago and it was incredible. It was expensive for a taco, but at least it was an awesome taco. This year when I went I got the saddest excuse for an Al Pastor that I've ever had. the amount of meat in both tacos was less than one of the tacos from a year ago and the toppings weren't even all there. It's like they stopped trying. I'm giving it a 3 star because my first experience was around a 4.5 but my last experience was barely a 2.  I went with 3 stars because I think they have potential but right now I wouldn't waste your money.This place is great! Especially the yucca fries and classic tacos, they're just fantastic!Blah. That was a major disappointment. The decisions you make when the weather is less then ideal! Two extremely bland, pork tacos that were wet as hell when I opened the box from the grease and juices. They did come with a beautiful, singular wedge of lime. The tacos needed salt, flavor, sauce, cheese, just to name a few things. They set me back $8. Their receipt literally says "the best taco ever". They should include the fine print "Within 10 feet from this store location".Did not order food, I walked in and asked how much the taco was, I had a Rolex Daytona watch on and the guy behind the desk looked over and said "why are you worried about price with that watch", in a disgraceful tone. Two of my friends did order food and said it was not good quality.Got the ta-Korea and was expecting bulgogi inside but instead got really tough steak that hurt my jaw to eat. Couldn't even take a bite out of it without the whole steak coming out. Tacos were also pretty expensive.So much potential, so much let down. I was so excited because I got a new job downtown, and, holy crap! Tacos just a block away! I really wanted to like this place. My first order was the Classicos Tacos and the Mac and Cheese. The meat in the classicos was good but the hard shells were nearly burnt. The mac and cheese had some redeeming qualities, I mean it's pasta and cheese, what's not to like? But it was kind of more like soup and the pickeled jalapenos were way too sweet to belong in this dish. It wasn't great but it wasn't bad, so I thought maybe some of the more specialty tacos were where it's at. I gave them another try with the Old School Al Pastor tacos. Cold tortillas, dry/chewy pork, sugary sweet sauce and hardly any filling overall and for almost $10?! Getthefukouttahere. Keep walking, this place isn't worth it.Waited at lunch time a long time after ordering (only  2 orders ahead of me) to get my Crispy Pig tacos and quest/chips. 
Tacos were supposed to have Kim Chee vegetables but didn't. Pork was not crispy. Flavor was good but expensive for 2 small tacos. 
Queso was burnt and the chips were extremely stale. $15 lunch - very disappointedCousin proposed we check out this place for lunch. The inside is small with only 3 tables. The menu is short and concise but descriptive enough. I tried the Korean steak taco with yucca fries and a root beer. I also ordered the spicy mayo sauce for an extra charge. It was $17 and change. When I picked up the taco a bunch of liquid spilled out. The steak was cooked well but I didn't love the corn taco and flavors were somewhat bland. The mayo dip was good but was only given a small half filled cup for a price of around 55 cents. The yucca fries were good in the dip but slightly undercooked. I wouldn't really recommend this place unless someone wanted a unique taco experience due to its prices and the fact that my experience was average. I recommend the sauces be free or offer more if you have to charge. I recommend give the ability for patrons to order different tacos since they're paying a premium and most likely wouldn't make this place their daily stop since the taco choices are unique.We got Dos Tacos a few months ago at work and I've been hooked since. In fairness I can't manage to order any other taco than the Kamikaze because well, it's phenomenal. Is it cheap? No. But I personally am not too excited about the after effects of cheap raw ahi tuna. Is it fast food? Also no. But it's worth the wait and we all know what fast food tacos look like. Tostones are also awesome and not always on the menu. And bonus that they are eco friendly! Can't say enough good things.SO good. Best tacos, Don't settle for uno taco, make sure you get Dos.Good tacos but the price is a bit steep. I got the Phat Pig which was pretty good. The corn tortilla's are decent and hold it together pretty well. My wife got the Ta-Korean which she thought was decent but the beef was a bit tough. The taco prices were ok, a little high, but the drinks? $2.75 for a Fiji water or Mexican Coke is a bit much. The yucca fries were very good though. I might come back and try something else but won't be buying a drink there...Well running out of work for a few minutes I wanted to grab a meal quickly as I was still on the clock.  Dos Tacos is not for the quick grab a bite to eat crowd for sure!
There was one other person , and two workmen? (not sure, they were behind the counter too so not sure if they worked there, friends or whoever). They did take up two of the tables though and were chatting with the staff behind the wall.   Ordered some of the fish tacos that was on the board outside.  That was at 11:56am.  $9 for two tacos.  No one else was in the very small shop outside of one female customer.
After 20 minutes of waiting for my order I went up to ask when exactly they were going to be done as I saw other people ordering and getting their orders which prompted me to ask.  The blank stare and the "what?" from around the corner of the workers said it all.  At that point I just politely asked for my money back as I had to run now that I was late.   More conversation between the staff.  "did he finish the soda?  just give him back the money for the tacos".   $9 back.  As I was walking away I did hear  "did you want these tacos? They are done".  I said no thank you and the parting remark said back to me was "whatever...".   Yes,  I have very good hearing Mr. Whatever.
I can't comment on the quality of the food as I never had a chance to sample it.  $9 I feel is a bit steep for two tacos, but "whatever...".   No sorry, nothing but "whatever..."
Plenty of other places to get good tacos in the city - Giwa makes kicka%% korean tacos (and fast!) and El Rey makes killer tacos too.  I suggest you spend your money in one of these other establishments.Not anything special here.  Way too expensive for some tacos.  Sides are small and also too expensive.  If you are in the Philly area and near El Limon, I would hit them up instead.Looking for pizza at 2:00 in Rittenhouse? Good luck. 
Fortunately, we did stumble (literally) upon this place. Our group tried 4 different tacos and they were all really good. Our favorite was the phat pig, followed by el jeffe. And the yucca fries were salty, fluffy, crispy awesomeness!Heard dos tacos was one of the best taco spots in Philly and after trying them, I can see why! I got the los clasicos and my boyfriend got the ta-Korea. Both were excellent. In case you didn't figure it out by now, you get two tacos per order. It's only been open for 4.5 months, but they're doing well for themselves so far. It's not a place to sit down and eat. There's no place to sit, just a couple tables to stand and eat if you wanted to stay there. Great for take out and they're open til 3am for you nightlife lovers. Love the music bumpin' inside and outside the establishment. Definitely want to go back and try more of their options and wish I ordered a churro! Next timeCheap and delicious and crazy filling. I got the phat pig and ta-korea. Both were fantastic and it's one of the few places I can find that sells boxed water. And the churros are amazing.  Everyone who works there is very nice too.Adequate.  The quality is above average.  The facility is small, with very limited seating, though this isn't unusual in the city.  The ambiance isn't noteworthy either way.
The major problem is that you get little for your money.  The tacos are rather small, and come with no sides whatsoever.  A standard meal of two small tacos plus a bottled water, ran me $10.  This isn't an unusual price for lunch downtown - but given the petite size of the meal, it left me wanting.Just stop in because I saw there taco Tuesday sign out front.  Had two (dos) tacos which were great.   But on top of that the atmosphere was fun, people behind the counter were inviting, and the price was right. I'll be backNot the best. My fish tacos had very little fish for $10 and generally just didn't taste good. The fish was dry and overcooked to the point of being like weird fish jerky. In general, there wasn't much flavor to them too.Pleasant staff and very hospitable. The tacos were simply amazing, great flavor and not an overuse of too many ingredients. All the meats were cooked perfectly and seasoned well. There wasn't a wait when I got there and my food came out fast as well. Have gone there a few times already and will continue to go in the future. They have something good on their hands here. Try the corn as well it's perfect in addition to the churros. Ta-Korean and fat pig are surreal tacos.Hey man - I think the Tacos are decent and good. Fries are yum. good veg options. They are cool people and staff. One thing. Your Churros suck :(. They are too thick and kinda raw inside. They need to be thinner. Make sure everything on the menu is awesome, I'd rather go to a place that only sells 5 things and all 5 are great. Then has 10 and 5 out of the ten things are meh..keep on working and improving. will keep trying.I really wanted to love this place, it has a nice atmosphere and interesting food. I went with my co-workers, and I feel bad that I encouraged them to go with me. We were supposed to go to Su Xing instead. I ordered the shrimp tacos, yucca fries and a ginger ale. The best thing about my meal was the ginger ale. The fries were tasteless globs of fried potato the sauce is necessary, and the tacos had very little flavor. The worst thing is that one of my fries had a TOOTHPICK fried inside of it. Never again. As my co-worker put it "a costly mistake"Can't say enough about the love of Dos Tacos.  Reasonably priced, different varieties of tacos which are filled to the max with many tasty treats.
My favorite, the Phat Pig (which is one of their best sellers) contains bacon, braised & crispy pork belly, lettuce, radish, cilantro, and pico de gallo.  
They have a lunch special, "The Hook Up," from M-F 12-2PM.  For $12.95 + tax, you get your choice of tacos, a side, and a drink.  
The sides are Elotes (Mexican grilled corn, Lime Aioli, Cotija Cheese, smoked paprika chili), Yucca Fries (YUM!), tortilla corn chip, and guacamole.  
There's a "20 Buck Bird" which is a whole rotisserie chicken with 8 tortillas , pico de gallo, sour cream, and elotes.  I haven't had it but it sounds awesome.
What's also awesome, but I don't live in Center City, is the 12am - 3am Thursday through Saturday late night menu when you really need a taco for __________ (insert reason here).
Dos Tacos = many more happy return visits!I went there 6/8/17 and ordered fish tacos. As I looked at guy fixing my order I noticed he put the tip of his thumb in his nose, wearing no gloves, picking up food items, opening the refrigerator door, handling the shells. He then used the back of one hand and rubbed it across his nose; I was sick. I asked for my money back, told cashier why and left. I will never go there again.Overall the tacos were good but I don't think they're worth $8-11 per order that only comes with 2 tacos. I was still starving after I finished mine but I wasn't trying to spend $20+ on 4 little tacos. I'd give them 5 stars if their prices were more reasonable, especially for a small in-and-out type spot. The wait can also get kind of long but it's worth it late at night when no where else is open.I stopped by because small shops are usually more interesting and high quality than chains, but was sorely disappointed. I had the fish taco, and the mahi mahi was more crust than fish, and there were only two tiny pieces in each taco. The other fillings were lacking as well, in terms of balancing each other and in quantity. The overall taste was rather sour without any ingredients standing out or providing an inspired combination. The tortilla was also cold and unheated. Will not be returning to this establishment.Ordered the fish tacos, thought they were a little too done, the slaw needed to be cut a little finer and too much aioli to top it off. The helping of queso was plentiful and the chips were good. 
Thought the portions were sized right, I generally eat kid's meal portions, but maybe a little overpriced. Which brings me to my last point, I didn't know how much anything was, no pricing on the wall menus, that I saw.Walked by was hungry and stopped.. Tacos are banging.. had the classic tacos. Not sure what they do to the shells bur yummy.. will Def be back!!I tried this place twice.   The tacos tasted pretty good but there was very little meat and tons of cabbage and other fillers just to make it look like a full size taco.   The corn and yucca fries aren't good.   It just a buttery dried corn they charge 5 bucks for.   I'm most likely not going back,  tons of better Mexican places for the same price.
Update:  I went back and got the crispy pig taco.  There was some very fatty "braised" pork but virtually no Kimchi and there was no cilantro at all.  I asked for some side salsa and they told me it was extra and I didn't order it.  Over priced, no good flavor, meat was okay.  Reducing from two to one star and never going back. Bye.The Hook Up is now 13.49 and instead of your choice of sides, you get chips with salsa and a Jarritos soda instead of a choice of anything.  Thank god the tacos haven't changed.Hours of availability and location seemingly drive the business associated with this "restaurant": after midnight, not too many options in center city exist for food, in general.
Brief comments...both the food and order service--there is no waitstaff--were sloppy.  Ordered the Los Clasicos and The Phat Pig; the Los Clasicos appeared as congealed solid taco masses, and were essentially inedible; Phat Pig, seasonless pork belly on borderline cold, double tortillas.
I'd argue that the majority of Mexican food trucks in the city are better than this store.  (Don't know if an app exists to find late night, reasonably priced, Mexican truck food...if so, please let me know.)Went here for lunch. The wait wasn't long to order or get our food. That was the good part.
The tacos were just meh. I had one Le Frenchman, one Phat Pig, and a bite of my friend's El Pastor. The chicken and el pastor were super dry. The Phat Pig had one small piece of pork belly covering half of my taco, and the other half had a lime wedge in it. The fries were decent, but overpriced. I got like six fries with no sauce for $3.50. 
I like the idea of this place, but the execution falls flat. It's open late night, so people leaving the bars will probably be into it. Website looks nice.Expensive(2 for 7). Pretty big tacos doe. Al pastor was really good doe. Not really authentic. But they aren't trying to be.As an actual Mexican/American growing up in TX and visiting family in Mexico my entire youth it bugs me to see chefs in Philly that acquire fame (Heffe in fishtown too) in previous ventures outside of Mexican cuisine then have the idea of making easy cash jumping on the taco train. Let's face it, the taco business, if executed properly can be lucrative, but let's not kid ourselves, real Mexican culture shows through when done right. 
I've actually been here twice, each time bought the Korea and the Pastor thinking it may actually be good. The proteins weren't terrible. I came back the second time because I really wanted this place to work out for me since I work so close... But this second time really took a turn for the worse. 
My issues:
1) Tostones - I mean come on! This is not only NOT Mexican but you're selling something that is resident to the Afro-boriqua culture here in this Mexican environment
2) Extra Loud Music - Salsa music so loud I actually thought about leaving before I ordered. I don't understand how the employees still have their hearing after a day of this. Again, Salsa is NOT Mexican. They only welcomed it when Celia Cruz toured Mexico with La Sonora Matancera in the 60's 70's but again, not MX.
3) The staff - This is going to sound racist but you clearly have non-Mexican Latinos running the place, Salsa music is blaring and you are selling Tostones on the menu as your "special". The staff was actually sweet and I had no issue with them on an attitudinal level but it seems as if other cultures are eroding what started off as a Mexican-inspired direction.
4) The tortillas - this is a major miss. Not only were they doubled up, but they weren't event grilled. I get it, Chipotle and Qdoba customers don't understand why it's important how to heat a tortilla so why should dos tacos? No self-respecting Mexican needs two tortillas to hold his taco filling. But then you don't even heat it? Just remove the kitschy dia de Los Muertos candy skulls off your brand identity, call it Dos Tortillas, add red beans and rice to the menu and call it Caribbean food.Dos Tacos--In English that means two tacos.
Good enough tacos, but not the upscale delights the price and menu insinuated.OMG. Best shrimp tacos I've ever had. The shrimp was cooked and seasoned perfectly. My friend really enjoyed her chicken taco as well. Sorry I can't remember the names! The yucca fries were also incredible. Cute, clean place. Cashier and other employees were incredibly friendly and welcoming. I'll definitely be back.I finally went in because I've drove past it a couple of times. I got the crunchy pork belly one. It was't bad, but it was't great. The tacos looked very skimpy and messy. For $9.72 I guess I was expecting something more than two measly tacos that looked kinda like crap. There was so much liquid in the container. Would I go there again, no. I would rather spend that amount on a full meal at taco bellsEpic drunk munchies spot in philly.  Each taco order comes with 2 tacos. This is the only thing I don't like about this place because it would be cool to mix and match. 
Yucca Fries:  thick, salty, and crispy with a creamy interior. 
Rice and beans:  really good flavor. You get a nice hint of cilantro which I think is unique. 
The Phat Pig:  
My favorite menu item. 
Bacon, Braised and Crispy Pork Belly, Lettuce, Radish, Cilantro, Pico De Gallo. Great salty and smoky combo. 
Ta-Korea:
Another great combo, but sometimes too spicy for me.  Flank Steak, Korean Bulgogi BBQ Sauce, Spicy Kimchi, Pickled CucumberThis place is dope! Great tacos and open late. They also have killer chicken cheese steaks. They are an "off the menu" item but they have them late nights on weekends.I consider myself a taco aficionado (i.e. pig) and this is the best spot in the city. Highly recommend  the Frenchman and El Jeffe and the churros are life changing. I come here for lunch but the hours also accommodate the late-night munchies. It's also always clean and the service is great.Tacos are good not great. Chips and guacamole were below average. For the price, expected much better, though staff are prompt and friendly.I had the El pastor, It was fatty meat and all you could taste was ice berg lettuce. I couldn't even finish them, they were that bad. The service was great but other than that this place needs an upgrade in flavor and quality.Great for a quick bite but not my favorite tacos in the world. I'd go pork for not so dry beef. It's cute and tiny and in the center of things.Tried Dos Tacos for dinner tonight with the wife.  We went there hungry and ordered a large number of things to sample.  All-in-all, it was good.  Good food, good service, good price...but just good.
Chica Flaca Salad:  Good.  A good combination of flavors and nice texture.  The tofu was extremely salty though.
Ta-Korea Taco:  Again, it was good.  The steak didn't have the best texture to it as it was a little grainy, but it had a good overall flavor.
Kamikaze Taco:  This was probably the weakest of what we ordered, which was disappointing since it was what I was most looking forward to.  I found the fish to lack much flavor and taste.  Just not much taste to it.
Little Vegetables Taco: I thought it was good for a vegetarian entree, my wife thought "it was fine."
Yucca Fries:  Seriously...these are out of this world. Incredible!  A must have!
Guacamole:  My wife described this best...."it was ok."  The taste matched the color, as it was a little off and had a brownish appearance to it. Just didn't appear real fresh.
So, as I said before, it was good.  I'd certainly go back and grab a quick bite on the way home from work but not really worth going out of my way for.  The portions were decent and appropriate for the price.  While it didn't exceed any of my expectations, its a decent option for the area.We ordered delivery last night. All told, it was $26 for two orders of tacos and the yucca fries, which felt very pricey. So my expectations were high.
I totally agree with all the reviews of the yucca fries - YUM! Will definitely be grabbing them as a snack if I'm near the restaurant (just wish there were more!). But the tacos were just okay. The meat in the Classicos was very salty (my husband couldn't even eat it). The Phat Pig tacos were almost sweet by comparison. Both kind of left me wanting something else.
One other irksome bit - the delivery person made us come to their car. I guess that's starting to become the norm, but I find it annoying, especially since I've paid the delivery fee, already included a nice tip, and taken the time to provide instructions.Stopped into Dos tacos for an impromptu lunch based on the recommendation of a friend.  Was immediately  greeted by the cashier which made me feel very welcome. The menu selection was not huge. But very creative. I decided to try the "Ta-korea" taco which had a generous portion of flank steak cooked to perfection and a spicy kimchi... DELICIOUS!  Will definitely  be back, and recommend this place to all of my friends!Soupy tacos. 
Maybe it was because I got the mushroom tacos? Either way, my friend's tacos were also soupy and it was a little weird. The salsa also wasn't spicy enough. 
However, the corn tortilla was delicious! I wouldn't recommend getting the mushroom tacos because you could definitely just make those on your own.I love the food here! It is always fresh and always hot. You get a lot of food for the price. The chicken and plantain tacos are amazing! I also recommend the Yucca fries. They always have interesting ingredient combinations and their marinades are delicious. It's pretty clean and a fun little spot. I do wish the staff was a bit more professional, there was some inappropriate language and loud side conversation....but that's pretty typical in Philly. I plan to come back often.Best yucca fries
I am such a fan of their yucca fries. The outside has the right amount of crispiness and the inside has the right amount of fluffiness -- and the chipotle sauce is always the best dip to go with the fries. Nowadays, it seems that they have added cheese and basil to the fries as well.I really wanted to like this place because the menu looked so good, but I was disappointed.  I ordered through Grubb Hub though, so i am going to blame the cold and dry food on long delivery time.  i will go back and try it in person.When I moved here from California, I quickly found Washington Avenue had the spots for my taco fix, but seldom made it out there due to laziness. For the folks looking for something comparable to that standard, Dos Tacos will make you happy. They have, in my opinion, a perfect blend of authentic street taco sensibilities with the necessary Rittenhouse spin. They were decently priced, certainly cheaper than what I've experienced from the food truck scene, but the portions are filling. 
I personally tried their Phat Pig, Ta-Korea, Yucca Fries, and an Elote. They were all fantastic. The slice of bacon on the Phat Pig was unexpected in a great way and the Elote was nostalgic. I didn't catch the guy's name behind the counter, he seemed like the owner, but he made me feel excited about being in the restaurant and was proud of what they served. I highly recommend this place.Ordered take out for dinner. Tried the frenchman (chicken) tacos, the tofu salad, and the yuca fries. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and delicious. Can't wait to work my way through the menu.Dos Tacos is the freakin bees knees and if you don't think so it's because frankly you're an idiot. Or have bad taste. Or both probably. 
They have DELICIOUS, specialty seasoned VARIOUS meats and fish at 3am and their portions are gigantic. And they put up with the grunt of the worst of center city stumble drunk night life people and they keep it clean and warm and QUICK and SCRUMPTIOUS?!
They have SIDES?! And SOFT DRINKS?!
Like pay the 9 dollars for two mega stuffed REAL AS *#%! tacos at 2am in center city and stop complaining and being so ungrateful. These people turn it up for your food at all hours.
Hell, they put up with me and two drunk jerks tonight that wouldn't let me by to get a fork. They are gotdamn sorcerous heroes. You are amazing all of you Dos Tacos Crew and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.I was excited to try this place after walking by too many times. I was excited to have my food to go once the blaring indepop hit my ears. It's entirely too loud to endure the orange stools and the ok tacos simultaneously. Neither the tables nor the windows were clean, and I hope that the kitchen does better out of sight of the patrons. There are better taco shops around.Both the tacos my coworker and I ordered were hard to eat. He ordered the chicken and whatever it was cooked in it was so runny it looked like he should have ate it with a spoon. Needless to say it dripped everywhere. I went for the vegetarian option (plantains) and it was doused in their chipotle creme sauce. There was at least a quarter cup of sauce/dressing on and around the tacos. I had to keep holding it upside down to let the sauce run off. Really didn't enjoy it. Taro fries were dry on their own and just had more chipotle creme which by that point I didn't want to see another ounce of. Would have much preferred a veggie protein option and more traditional toppings. Also, the shop was freezing. It was 60F outside and the outside air was much warmer than inside. No wonder there wasn't a line.Yuca fries are delicious, so is the fat pig, but the sauce tastes a little odd, almost synthetic. It's very pricey. I'll be back for sure. My friend got the shrimp taco and was not impressed.My name is LrryLive, I'm an established Drummer in the city of Philadelphia who is always on the move. After my late night gigs I look for Quality food with Great customer service. DOS TACOS provided me with everything I was looking for and more! Great customer service. Amazing Food. Good Vibes from the employees!  Dos I'll be back! Ps: I want Dos Tacos apparel! I will wear it while I'm Drumming!Tacos were less than decent and had to wait for 20 minutes. A 20 minute wait for 2 tacos? Give me a break.  Not to mention the staff is so ridiculously rude. Hated the experience. Never going back.This place was ok. I moved to PA from California so no taco place I have tried around here is as good as what I was used to.I was so excited when I saw that a taco place opened near my office, even though I loved the thai place that was here before. That being said, I was so disappointed by this place. 
I ordered two of the "El Pastor" tacos. Al Pastor is like my favorite kind of taco EVER and aren't that common in the mexican places in Philly. Unfortunately, they were not very good at all.
There was a lot of meat, which is great, but it was really really dry. Like, kind of jerky-ish. And also had no flavor whatsoever.  Aside from the meat, my favorite part of al pastor tacos is the pineapple that comes on top, which wasn't as abundant as I would've hoped. Overall, the tacos kind of didn't taste like anything at all. 
Even though the tacos were disappointing, I got yucca fries on the side, which were pretty good. They were crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.
All in all, I don't think I'd go back to this place, especially for the price.My boyfriend and I decided to give this restaurant  a try after a night of being out, I ordered the chicken tacos and he ordered the pork tacos...both orders were very bland and expensive. We paid $18 for four tacos that tasted like meat and tortillas. The food was cold and there is no reason that we spent what we did on these awful tacos...we felt like we were eating TV dinner tacos due to the way and the temperature that they were served. There was nothing additional added to either of the orders, I would say that Taco Bell is better. The cashier was very stand off and not very friendly, he couldn't offer any suggestions...it made me wonder if he knew where he was working. I would NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone, it was a waste of money and they lacked any and everything it would take to make me become returning customer.Delicious!! My friend and I were wandering looking for some chow really quick. We walked in and although it's a pretty compact space, it was still very welcoming. There was Spanish music blasting and the cashier greeted us with a big smile. The menu is pretty limited but they have a chefs special (I think changes weekly), but nonetheless quality food. My friend got the shrimp tacos & I got the tofu salad and yuca fries! The tofu salad was really good but kinda plain (I wish I had ordered some of the fries sauce for the salad bc it was that good). It was delicious other than needing dressing & the tofu was cooked perfectly! The yuca fries were AMAZING! They're so hard to find in the first place but to find good yuca fries is even harder! I got a spicy sauce with them which was also delicious. I wish I had got he chips & guac but this was plenty of food as it was! Really friendly staff and quick service! You can walk to city hall and enjoy your food there because the space is limited in the shop!Super convenient on a late night on Center City however we found a few hard scales in our tuna tacos.  Blechk!Dos Tacos, you've guessed it - sells two tacos per order. The prices are moderate and can range anywhere between $8 and $11, no drink included.
Unfortunately, Dos Tacos only deserves a Dos. 
I arrived around noon on the weekend to try some tacos from this "hole in the wall" establishment after walking past it a number of times for work. However, this "hole in the wall" taco place, would be best left undiscovered. My carnitas were extremely dry and also really bland, a huge no-no for tacos. They were also accompanied by limes that were so dry, likely from the lack of business there, that I could only squeeze out one drop of juice on my already dry tacos.
I really really really wanted to like this place, but it is definitely below average - one step above Taco Bell. The only time these tacos can pass, is if you're drunk from partying at the bars nearby and just want a quick bite.2 tacos. How did I think that would be enough for dinner.
I ordered the Phat Pig, fat indeed with large chunks of fat in the meat. The two tacos I received were thrown together sloppily where the sour cream was not present on one, and nearly missed on the other. The price wasnt worth two tacos.
I have grown to really like mexican food, but I will try a new place when I visit Philly again which how many options there are.
The cashier was very nice.Amazing place!! Love the ta-Korea taco. Perfect balance between steak, pickled cucumbers and kimchee. Some of the best kimchee I've had in the city. Definitely will be heading back to this place soon!!!Just eh.. Came here today with colleague and got the el pastor tacos. Service wasn't quick but wasn't slow. When I got my tacos, there was soooo much meat! I had to eat some out of each taco first before I could even pick it up. The meat was tasty but I had many pieces that were all fat. The dish called pineapple salsa and raddishes but the ratio was wayyyyy off. Also there was some iceberg lettuce sitting on the bottom on the tortillas which added nothing to the tacos. My colleague complained of the pork belly taco not being cooked enough! Moral of the story, there should be more attention to detail and some all around solid tacos. Probably won't come backI actually have no idea why I came to get food that one faithful night because I've been dieting (lol I literally just typed "dying", fuck I hope that's not like some subconscious shit) but anyways on my way home from happy hour I saw this place and I liked tacos and asking me if I'm hungry is like asking me if I want money. Yes I just stole this joke, get over it.
You step in and walk down this long and narrow hallway to the cash register. The menu items are scribbled on the wall which is also a blackboard. There's about 5 options if I remember correctly. I ordered the only vegetarian one, "the platanos" without the onions. 
I had to wait for my food for quite a while. And then some. I was on the phone and started getting really pissed actually, like what takes so long to put together two tacos? I looked this place up on yelp bc for all I know, I just walked into a place where a finger or two occasionally makes it way into the food. Much to my horror, the average rating was 3/5 so right off the bat I was biased. The food was finally ready so I grabbed that little styrofoam box and made a run for it.
I'm not super keen on flour tacos to begin with but the absolutely spectacular flavor of the ingredients and that white powdered cheese and chipotle sauce made up for it. Holy shit this was DELICIOUS. Far exceeded my expectations. Only issue is that it's pricey ($8 something) for 2 baby tacos and a lime quarter. Sides are extra and judging by the other reviews I see, expensive as well.Waked by on my way to grab the PATCO train. Did a u-turn when my tummy grumbled; it was lunch time.
I got the Phat Pig. I gotta tell ya, it was pretty amazing. The pork was braised perfectly. Just the right amount of food. 
My only complaint was the music was a little too loud, but honestly I got my order to go so I wasn't that concerned about it. If I had decided to dine in I probably would've asked to turn it down just a tad.
I'll be back to try their other menu items.A small, cute restaurant right by Jefferson.  I ordered the Baja Fish tacos--very good but too many onions.  If you're not a fan of onions, order without the extra slices of onions.  $10 for two fish tacos is pretty pricey as well.  But I would come back maybe to try their other things.Definitely a bad experience.  Been here several times before and kind of under impressed previously but decided to come in today. Ordered and paid online thinking that would streamline things since I had an afternoon meeting. When I arrived to pick up my order, they said they didn't have a record of the order; but stated they can prepare it for me while I wait. While waiting for my order, I stepped aside and stood by the plexi-glass window that looked thru into the kitchen. Two cooks were preparing food, and while assembling a taco order, one of the cooks was wearing a glove on the right hand but no glove on his left hand. He then proceeded to eat some of the fillings as he was preparing the food.  YIKES!!! Yes, right into his mouth and then continue preparing the order and another taste of the filling.  I do realize that gloves don't always guarantee hygiene; but my gosh man, do that Sh#t on your own time in your own kitchen!! So the way I look at it,  if you're doing that nasty Sh#t where I can see you, what are you doing when I can't see. 
Other than the cash register attendant, the other employees seem unprofessional and dirty. The kitchen was dirty and looked like it needed a good dose of bleach and sandblasting.
At check out, the cash register attendant was nice and he did give me a complementary order of chips and salsa for my inconvenience. I ordered an Old School Pastor (2 tacos); which not only were the meat portions in each taco microscopic, the pork that was in there was mostly fat and gristle.  I was starving so I got one down, but couldn't eat the second one. The chips were burnt and bitter; I think they probably need to monitor and change the oil in their fryer more frequently. The tomato salsa visually looked fresh but had a bitter and rancid taste.
Visions of the one gloved cook tasting food with one of his hands didn't make my experience appetizing. Hey I get it, it's cool.. Michael Jackson wore one glove but at least he wasn't preparing food for people. 
 By the look of the operation, thinking that the kitchen staff doesn't know anything or cares about safe food handling procedures. 
In summary just wasted $10. am hungry and nauseous all at the same time. Pretty obvious the owner of the establishment hasn't set up any standards for his business, it's clear he just wants to bring in money. So that's it for me, I will not be going g back again; way too many other options out here.I wanted to like this place but alas, the corn was like chewing on rubber. No excuse for bad corn in this area during Jersey sweet corn season! The shrimp was cooked right and the yucca fries were decent. However, the tacos themselves were not at all tasty. Sorry, guys - this is a no go especially for approx. $10 for two tacos. Quit with the fancy fois grais toping and get actual flavors into your tacos and the sauce!Came here after the gym one day with my coworker. I have no idea what I was thinking.... lol. 1 because I literally just worked out and about to eat tons more calories than I burned and 2, it really wasn't worth it. We ordered some sort of rice bowl and some tacos. 
The rice was beyond salty. I felt like I needed a full cup of water after each bite. Although the bowl looks tiny, my coworker and I couldn't finish it bc we felt like we were getting extremely bloated with every bite.
The tacos... it was just ok. I don't quite remember if I ordered pork or chicken. One was with the rice and the other was with our tacos. The meat in the tacos were moist, however, I felt the 2 shells per taco was a bit much. 
I don't think I will be back. The service was really cool, but the food just wasn't close to something I would want to try again.First time I visited this spot I ordered the crispy pig and it was awesome. They even threw in an extra taco for $1. Plenty of Kimchi and pork belly, the only criticism I had was that it was way too juicy for a soft taco, which meant that I had to eat all 3 fast...no problem.. So I decided to tell my family about it and so we visited again. Can you say horrible. I ordered the crispy pig once again hoping to recreate that same feeling I remembered from the first time, boy was I in for a surprise.. For starters this time around it was a much larger soft taco shell which was hard and stale as hell. It was cold and I could barely chew it. The kimchi was almost non existent and this time there was only one strip of pork. Can you say heart broken. My daughter had the clasico taco and she felt it was a waste of money.  I'm used to places having off days but this however is unacceptable and at  almost $10 for two tacos and this is what I get.This spot must be possessed to produce mediocre places. I ordered the Korean tacos, but wasn't too impressed that I would come back.  As one would expect, you get two tacos for $8.  I think for 5-6 bucks, I would come back and try something else as I was still hungry after trying this for lunch.I was really looking forward to eating here, but I was given some sort of half-assed tacos. My two friends tacos looked great, and gave a nice review, but I was left extremely dissapointed. Below is a picture of the tacos I recieved.
Not even close to worth the $10 I wasted here.Really wanted to like this place. Phat Pig made me nauseous. Getting sick just thinking about it. Really disappointed.Had several tacos here with my wife. Very disappointed especially given the price. Can definitely find several taco places in the city with better options.I ordered New Yorker (pastrami) tacos, yucca fries, and water. It was $17.90, and paid ~$20 including the tip. They gave me 2 tacos, hence dos tacos. The corn tortillas were cold, didn't get any lettuce or coleslaw. It was meat, sauce and unmelted cold cheese on cold corn tortillas. They were the worst tacos I've ever had in my life, and I love tacos. Maybe it would've been better if the tacos were microwaved for 30-45 seconds. The sauce was ok, it was a mayo and sriracha mixture. The yucca fries were crispy and topped with withered cilantro. I should've gone to a Taco Bells nearby, underground near the Regional Rail station, for higher quality of food and save over $10. I feel ripped off.Had high hopes for this place; funky music, hipster vibes and just enough grunge. However we were seriously underwhelmed despite the hype. The Classicos was flavorless, the Phat Pig was one-dimensional and the Elote corn was overcooked. The Kamikaze had a decent amount of delicious Ahi but lacked any of the promised 'chili mayo'. The yucca fries were the one redeeming factor and pretty yummy. Overall, you can tell that someone with good foodie credentials is behind this place, I just think the people doing the cooking are letting you down.Simple menu with solid fish tacos. Extra points for being open late on weekends and for starting that weekend on Thursday nights!I'm not sure how this place gets 1 $ I paid 16$ for 2 fish taco's and an order of nacho chips with pico de gallo which they were out of when I picked my order up. The tortillas may have been fresh made, but they fell apart and were not fresh when I ate them.  The blue tortilla crumb coated Mahi Mahi was OK. Kind of flavorless but not fatty or greasy at least.  There wasn't much else to the taco, some shreds of cabbage and mayo based sauce.  I would just say they were OK, maybe a good deal at half the price and still far from acceptable.  My impression was limited menu, good ideas with poor execution, unfriendly help that was unprepared to offer what would be common Mexican side dish with Pico de gallo.Expensive and average food. NINE DOLLARS for a side of guac! WHAAAT? No prices shown anywhere. Not cool. No bathrooms- gross! So how does one wash their hands before eating? Is it even legal to have a sit down restaurant with no bathroom?? So gross. Plus the food is only average. Don't bother.Well I'm screwed. This place is right around the corner from my work and it's amazing. Finally got to try them out last night and all it took was one bite. I'm hooked. Great menu.. Great service ... Great little place and amazing tacos. You know when they say  " if you could only have one food for the rest of your life what would it be?" Well mine would be tacos and this place would probably be making them for me. The only thing I hate is they are open until 3am. Now I have to go there before and after work. I may have just doubled my gym time... But dos tacos is worth it. You don't like dos tacos??? You don't know tacos!!! See you in a couple hours!!!!I appreciate this place for the eclectic menu-- I can come here not just when I'm craving tacos, but when I'm craving pork belly or Korean BBQ. Service here has also always been great!
The tacos are expensive ($8-$10) for two, but they are STUFFED and the ingredients are fresh. The fillings for all the tacos are always extremely delicious, but I think the tacos would taste better overall if they just heated and cooked the tortillas! Everyone knows that an authentic taco is made with fresh tortillas and if you aren't going to fry maza in lard, then you should at least serve a warm tortilla... The corn tortillas with my tacos have always been cold and it really affects the taste of the taco. Someone ought to tell management because it'd be a simple fix...
I love the elotes and yucca fries to the point where I crave them occasionally! They are a perfect anytime snack. If anything will keep me coming back to Dos Tacos, it's the sides!Great street tacos, walk in, order a plate of tacos and a side and ita the perfect meal on the go. Be sure to check the board for specials of the day as they're the best menu item of the nite!Man that was delish. Dos Tacos is run by a self-described handsome man Hector, a Bronx native far from the place he grew up. But the Bronx's loss is Philly's gain. They have chicken, beef and deep fried mahi mahi.
I got them all! Thanks Hector!I honestly don't even know what I just ate. I ordered through Caviar, which made my meal $15.00 more expensive than it should have been, but I figured everything looked so good it would be worth the extra money. No. I ordered the fish tacos and guac & chips. Whatever black breading that was on the fish made it barely even edible. The only redeeming quality is whatever sauce that came on it was just, okay. I literally was only able to take one bite. And the guac and chips were just subpar. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, ever.Arrived in Philly this afternoon and while I was waiting for my rental car, the guys at Avis recommended a hoagie shop a few blocks up. While I was walking there, I noticed a little shop called Dos Tacos and detoured in. 
The menu looked interesting, and the gentleman who took my order, Kevin, was friendly and talked to me about the menu and recommended the Ta-Korea, which was delicious. 
Wonderfully charred flank steak was great and the kimchi, Korean BBQ sauce, and pickled cukes added some sweet, spicy, and umami flavors. A squirt of lime added some nice acid to the whole thing! For 9 bucks, it was a reasonably priced, complex lunch that I'll definitely recommend to my friends when they're visiting Philly. 
If you've had your fill of cheesesteaks, check this place out!Talk about a hole in the way, in a good way! There's not even a bathroom in here for the employees to use! They go across the street.
This menu was straight forward, but that did not make picking my tacos easier. I tried the korean tacos and my friend got the ahi tuna and we ended up swapping one for one.
I loved both of these tacos! Great fresh ingredients, and they were stacked pretty high, but not to a point where things were gushing out of the taco. The korean one was definitely my favorite out of the two because I found it had a bit more flavor and I liked the hot taco better than the cold served tuna. Don't get me wrong, the tuna was great (topped with avocado and some awesome salsa), but I just wanted a warm taco. Two tacos will definitely fill you up and have your stomach feeling pleasantly full, but not so full it hurts to walk.
Side dishes, guac is only $1.50 here! And yes! that includes chips! Such a great deal for a start up place! 
Only complaint here is a personal one: I'm not a fan of the corn tortilla. I prefer flour cause I think it's not as dry, but I'll eat it anyway :)The food itself was average and deserved three stars. The service takes it down another star. The cashier was extremely rude and unprofessional when I placed my order.I'm so sad I had such a bad experience tonight. I want to love this place. But basically spend $20 on two lettuce tacos. Here's how it went down.
I ordered the El Jefe w a side of guac and a Mexican Coke from Grubhub. Maybe that was my first mistake? Do restaurants treat GH orders like second class?
My el jefe was not the fresh savory dish I was expecting. It was 2 cooked to death shrimp on cold raw tortillas with tons of lettuce and a tiny sprinkle of cheese. The tortillas were so cold and raw I trashed them and heated up some I had around the house. Yuck. The shrimp I could hardly chew. Where were the flavor and sauce?!
Final kicker, they didn't even give me my Mexican Coke!! I didn't realize until after the driver left. Total bummer. I don't write many Yelp reviews but tonight was by far the WORST taco experience I've had in 8 years of living in Philadelphia. That's a hard thing to stomach. 
The only edible thing was the guac. Maybe I had an off night or they just screwed up my order, but it takes A LOT to get me to write a bad Yelp review. So sad.I really really wanted to like this place.  I've heard and read great things but sadly it severely disappointed.  There were almost too many things to list but let me see what I can come up with.  Chips were stale, guac was half green and half brown, both of our tacos were watery and the tortillas were falling apart.  This was so bad that I had to just throw them away and eat everything with a fork.  The el pastor meat was adequate, seasoning was boring and they were both drowning in iceberg greens.  The corn was soggy and close to uneatable.  Dropped thirty bucks for food and ended up not even being able to finish.  Sorry, but a swing and a miss.Meh. Nothing impressive. This was my second time trying this place and it was just as unimpressive as the first, but I thought I'd give it the benefit of the doubt and try it again.  It looks promising from the outside but much too overpriced for the mediocrity of the food. Poor customer service, the cashier was quite rude, it took too long for the food and they refused to serve cups of water, they would only sell water in boxes for ~$3.00 instead of cups or plastic bottles. Also, they were out of 4 different tacos that we tried to order. There was also a piece of labeled "microwaveable" (or so it appears) wrapper on our corn or "elotes" as they call it, way underwhelming. It was overpriced for the quality and amount of food you get. Taco Bell or any other taco restaurant is honestly much better for whatever that says in regards to the tacos. It's located in a parking garage on 15th street and Sansom. I wouldn't recommend this place.If you're not looking carefully, you might just miss this little piece of Mexican heaven. It's not a great place for a big group, but a definite go to for those days when you crave something completely satisfying! 
We had the Kamikaze taco, phat-pig, and the Mr. Fun-gi.
The Kamikaze had fresh fresh ahi tuna, and the Phat pig had crispy melt-in-your-mouth pork belly.
A friend that came along is a picky vegetarian, and they were really accommodating, modifying the mr. Fun-gi to include veggies that she'd actually like. It was a five star experience around the table.
This is going on my list of quick lunch pick-me-ups!!I ordered the plantain taco, a side of yucca fries, and a side of guac. The whole meal was around $23 (the guac was $9). The plantains were over cooked, rock hard, and inedible. The yucca fries were dry. And they forgot my guacamole. I was in a rush, and didn't check the contents of my to-go bag before leaving. It was a complete waste of money. 
I used to be a big fan of Dos Tacos. I highly doubt I'll go back. Guac aside, the quality of the food has deteriorated.Finding good food in South Jersey is a difficult task, so we headed to this Philly taco restaurant after the good reviews. Overall, we enjoyed the dinner throughly! Each order comes with two tacos (hence the name) so be prepared when you order. 
Clean restaurant, great customer service, and healthy portions equal a 4-star review. The only thing I was missing from my meal was a signature salsa. The tacos tend to lack a bit of flavor without the saltiness and acidity. 
I recommend: Ta-Korea, Phat Pig, and El PastorIf you like your tacos with dried out 2-3 day old meat, coated in a pre made sauce you might like this place. If you like wait 10 mins for them and want to pay $5/taco (with tax), you'll absolutely love it here.I asked to use the restroom, the guy told me to go behind a dumpster. Absolutely disgustingI've been here a couple times, and both times I left feeling the same way.  2 tacos for nearly $10 and I was still hungry afterwards.  The last time I went I asked for 3 tacos, but I was told they only came in orders of 2.... so I got the Yucca fries in addition to 2 tacos, making my total meal about $17 (and, I was STILL hungry afterwards, and I'm not huge guy or anything).  The yucca fries were basically just fat slabs of fried potato with a little bit of aioli mayo drizzled over them.. very bland.  Ugh.. I want to love this place, but it is so obviously a waste of money.  If the food tasted better, maybe I could justify the expensive prices.  Unfortunately, my last visit made me sure I won't be going back.Ever since I moved here from New York, I have been dying to find good tacos. I have tried a bunch of places and have been more or less disappointed each time. This time, however, I found the answer to my quest for tacos. It has a very New York feel kind of a hole in the wall, and for that I love it. The service is great and the tacos are obviously amazing. The pork is perfectly seasoned and has a great texture. You can tell that this is a real authentic taco place in every sense of the word. Everyone is always talking about cheesesteaks in Philly, however I feel like they will be talking about Dos tacos soon.Small taco joint with a funky vibe and interesting-sounding tacos. Unfortunately the tacos are hit-or-miss and are ridiculously expensive. They are open late but usually the staff by then just doesn't care and you get poorly constructed tacos. If you go during the day, it'll be better but still feels like you're getting ripped off.Had high hopes for this place, but tacos were grossly underseasoned, chicken was very dry, and overall the prices expensive.Overpriced and not good at all. Was disappointed in both the Phat Pig and the Ta-Korea. Maybe they taste better when drunk?This place is ridiculous and thank god it's here. We have been here about three or four times and have consistently had great food. The Phat Pig, Ta'Korea and the rotating special tacos (I've had the crispy Mahi Mahi) are all awesome. They also have pretty decent guacamole but the best side is definitely the thick cut yucca fries.
The wait staff and cooks are hilarious, they always have fun tunes bumping and have been super welcoming every time we have been in. We even got free churros one night! Please give them your business because Dos Tacos needs to stay open forever.This was my first time and it was delicious!!! I had the loco polo tacos and they were flavorful and they had the just right amount of spice!!!!I wanted to like these tacos, but I just couldn't. My bf and I went over to try the kamikaze tacos and the Frenchman tacos. Also a side of yucca fries, which was the best part of the meal, needs to arrive with a better portioned sauce but had a nice crispness to them, fluffy inside. 
As I ate the kamikaze (which is an ahi tuna taco), I was disappointed, I could have sworn it had no tuna! I gave some to my bf and he dumbfounded, then pointed out that t the tiny red cubes in it was the tuna. It was bland, the lime on the side helped a bit. The French man was okay, the chicken was a little on the dry side, again the lime helps! 
I might try it again and try the pork belly taco and the grilled corn side. Otherwise I'm back to chipotle as a quick Mexican lunch.I tried this place twice.   The tacos tasted pretty good but there was very little meat and tons of cabbage and other fillers just to make it look like a full size taco.   The corn and yucca fries aren't good.   Its just a buttery dried corn they charge 5 bucks for.   I'm most likely not going back,  tons of better Mexican places for the same price.My favorite taco spot great food  quick in & out service conveniently located in the heart of center city . Be sure to try "The Phat Pig " my favoriteOrdered tacos from here through grubhub. They were great!!! Larger than typical and so flavorful! I'll 100% be returning!This place kills me a little bit. It's so small inside that it's a disaster trying to order and wait for your food. And the torillas are just not good. They make me sad. And tacos are supposed to make you happy. The yucca fries are really good though! So there's that!Excellent food and superb service.  I truly enjoyed the extra hot sauce.I really wanted to like this place because it's super convenient to my office for lunch and has all of the elements of a place I'd love. Sadly, I was really disappointed with the quality of the tacos and the experience in general. I tried the New Yorker tacos with pastrami, which may have been my first mistake. So dry and tasted almost like jerky. Portion size was fine but I barely wanted to eat it. The tortillas were also stale and dry. 
I got chips and guac and was shocked at the price for the amount. The chips were over-fried and greasy. Guac looked old. The woman working the counter had food delivered from another establishment while I was there (not at all a good sign). I won't be back.The best tacos in Philly, hands-down. Well worth the $8 price. The meat is well-cooked and delicious. They also make their own sauce. My only suggestion is: Don't get the Yucca fries (they have no flavor).I love Mexican food, especially Tacos!  I tried Dos Tacos for the first time a few weeks ago and I've become hooked.  The menu combines the makings of a traditional taco (soft corn tortillas) and global flavors for an eclectic tastebud experience.  The yuca fries are amazingly addictive. The various dipping sauces sold on the side.  My only gripe with Dos Tacos is that it's not full fledged restaurant size and that it's not located in my neighborhood :).Probably the worst taco's in the city...the fish in the fish taco's was so dry it was borderline gross.  I took 2 bites and threw it the rest in the trash.  The green salsa was so thick the texture was not pleasing.  Chips were super greasy.  Only 6 seats available to sit int he store itself.Like many other reviewers here, I really wanted to like this place.  I live right across the street from Dos Tacos.  I love tacos.  So I was very happy when I heard that it was opening.
Then I tried the tacos after the place finally opened.  Very expensive for what you get, and not all that tasty.
Uh oh, maybe I got the wrong kind of tacos.  I'll go try some different kinds.  Hmm, still very expensive for what you get, and not all that tasty.
I got the $20 chicken deal.  Surely, this will be good and reasonably priced.  But no, it's still fairly expensive for what you get (you get a lot more at Petit Roti), and not all that tasty.
So my verdict is: expensive for what you get and not all that tasty.Tried Dos Tacos for the first time today. Staff was extremely nice and helped make recommendations. Tried the Phat Pig(I think that's what it's called) which had bacon and pork belly. It was delicious and big enough to fill me up for lunch. Will definitely go back.I accidentally stumbled onto this place with my friends in the middle of Friday afternoon. Upon entering the establishment, it was much smaller than what I had imagined from the outside. There were a few tables, perfect for a quick lunch or even an intimate date. The inside was very cute and festive. There were six different taco options to choose from and a few different sides. I got the loco pollo which was absolutely amazing and the fried plantains were pretty good with the chipotle aioli. I definitely recommend this place if you need a quick bite to eat.Happened to walk by in hunger, and their menu was unique and enticing. They were out of the El Pastor so he went with the Phat Pig, great idea! The bacon was fresh and the pork belly was juicy. Splurge the cents for the cilantro truffle oil and you can take it home to add to your own tacos! They even have veggie and vegan options! Be prepared to hear Shakira or living La Vida loca. As an added bonus they're open until 3 AM on Friday nights! We shall return!Love this tiny taco place! Their Yuka fries are a must! Personally, two tacos was filling enough but if you're still hungry the Yuka fries will for sure help with that because they are so dense and filling. I had the Mr. Fun-Gi tacos which were delicious (for mushroom and guacamole lovers). I caught a glimpse of The Phat Pig tacos on my way out and can't wait to come back and try them! It's just the perfect "hole in the wall" type of place I have been looking for. Just don't expect to be able to get a seat during peak lunch time hours however, they will package your tacos and Yuka fries to go very neatly and securely."You only get two?!" Yes, the place is called dos tacos.
I remember a long line, spending around 17 bucks,  and some decent tacos. It was late, after Good Dog closed, so I couldn't get the full effect. 
3.5Staff was pleasant, very small store, I ordered a taco and the fries. Was really disappointed actually, got probably 10 fries and they were skimpy on the dressing. Taco itself broke and fillings fell through, also not the best taste.  3 stars.Ordered the plantanos (Plantain taco) for $8. It was good! Will be coming here again.Really great tacos and the service is awesome.   They remember me and my order and treat me like a VIP!!!I read the reviews (mediocre food) which, ordinarily, would be bad enough that I was unwilling to pay top dollar for low-value tacos... but... I'm a Top Chef fan and been liking the cooking of Sylva Senat on that show and so... headed over to Dos Tacos (13 minute walk).
Result is "Meh" and 2 stars.  Clearly they are trying to respond to the existing negative reviews so I give them props on that but.... still so many problems.  Some folks complained not-enough-meat, too much cabbage... I had the opposite experience.
Pro's:
-Great sounding flavor combos
-Friendly person at the counter
-Reasonably fast service
-Large serving of meat in each Taco (had the pig belly)
Con's
-Other than the well cooked pig belly, just no good flavor in the taco.  Can't detect any trace of the kimchi, or Korean spices, or cilantro.
-Way over-dressed with too-sweet soy sauce... literally served the tacos in a pool of sauce. 
-Expensive.  $13 for one order of taco and one soda.  Thats a hefty price for street-food sandwich 
-Tables are rickety and the the place didn't feel super-clean (tables not bused after each person departs).  Maybe OK for a hole-in-the-wall local taco place but... at these prices.. my expectations are a bit higher.
Anyway... food tasted fresh.  Ingredients seemed good quality.  But it all just doesn't come together.  Both too expensive and, even if you ignore the price, not a great taco.  Still feel like I'll be up for trying whatever Sylva does next cause I've heard good things but... this was a let down.pretty good tacos. small shop but not too busy after lunch rush. your place for an awesome taco Tuesday. try the churros, good for sharing.I love tacos. I love them in all shapes and sizes. But these tacos are tacos that this taco lover could never love. 
The Tacos: I had the crispy pig tacos, recommended by the guy behind the cashier. He was adamant that these were the best tacos he's ever had. Unfortunately, it seems that he has lived his life without having a good taco. These tacos were also claimed to be "big" 6-inch tacos. On the contrary, I think 6 inches is the average.
- Pros: The slab of braised pork was decently flavored.
- Cons: There was only one tortilla - the marinade and kimchi sauce had soaked through the single tortilla like pit stains on my white shirts. Considering its location in Philly and its take on tacos, it's still not worth the hefty price ($9 for 2 average-sized tacos). 
The Place: The place is small. I would be okay with that, if they weren't trying to appear like a hole-in-the-wall but selling their tacos at Lolita or El Vez-like prices. That was a paradoxical slap in the shins that I did not care for. 
Dos stars for dos tacos.Good tacos, had 2 el Jefe tacos and a soda for $13. Would repeat to try their other creations!I bought my kids some tacos after they complained for a snack, and this really did the trick! They loved the Classico tacos, and thought it was a perfect and absolutely delicious way to fill up. Highly recommendedThe store is laid out weirdly, there is no where to stand that isn't 'in the way' of everyone. The tacos are overpriced and I felt they were completely devoid of flavor, basically It was like eating crunchy air. The portion size was ok and the workers were nice and efficient but based on flavor and cost I won't be back anytime soon.If you're expecting the tacos to look like those on their website, you'll definitley be disappointed. I came to the place hoping to kind a cool taco joint that presented unique flavors in a decious-looking display, and this was not the case. I ordered the kamikaze and the vegetarian tacos, and while the flavoring in both was alright, I make tacos sometimes at home that have tasted much better - and are much cheaper to make.
Also, they give you a pretty small mount of guac (two small salad-dressing sized containers) and the chips were a bit stale.
If you want water, you have to buy a cardboard box of it. I'm all for the environment, but I appreciate it when restaurants provide complimentary glasses of water.Too overpriced for what you're getting. Impulsively came in driven by hunger for what we thought would be some authentic, delicious, filling tacos that wouldn't break the bank. Two tacos, the Korean and the al pastor cost almost $20. Each order came with two tacos. No way each taco was worth $5. I've gotten way better tacos for half the price.
Not only were the tacos under-filled, the quality did not taste fresh. The pork in the al pastor tacos had a strange consistency and seemed to be mostly fat. The Korean steak was just ok. Also, the tables were so grimy, they should really consider wiping them down more regularly. I didn't even want to touch the table so I just ended up sitting there uncomfortably. Not a great dining experience. Maybe if I was drunk it would have tasted better...I usually check out the Yelp reviews before heading to a new spot, but I was in the area and I've walked by this place a number of times and it was always busy, so I figured it must be at least okay.. well, MAN was I wrong.. I walked in before the lunch rush on a Friday, around 11:50ish.. the guy taking orders looked like he'd rather be anywhere else but there. I took a quick look at the menu and ordered the al pastor tacos.
Got my tacos about 10 minutes later, and asked for an extra salsa - to which the guy said "it already comes with salsa" and I'm like dude, I want an extra, it's tacos and they need salsa.. why would you question my desire for an extra salsa? Anyway, after resisting, he did give it to me. 
Went back to my office to eat em and noticed that the bag didn't smell all that good.. in fact, it was kind of gross smelling. When I opened them in my office, they were as terrible as feared - meat as dry as can be and 90% fat, mostly shredded iceberg lettuce, and a sprinkle of radish and cilantro. They were dry, as in, no sauce, no love, no nothing.. I took one bite and tossed em. And they were a bit on the pricy side for two really crappy tacos.. it $9.18. Then I went next door to Animo and got an awesome burrito for $7.
Then I looked at Yelp and wasn't surprised. In a town where we have such wonderful Mexican such as Quetzally, Loco Pez, La Calaca Feliz, El Vez, Cafe Ynez, Taco Riendo and a million more.. this place needs to GO.The Classicos tacos are my favorite (hard shell, ground beef)awesome! I went with the dos classicos and Phat Pig. Can't go wrong with any food called the Phat Pig.  The atmosphere was pretty cool and seemed very authentic.  Check it out if you are in the area.The yucca fries there was very good. The setting was kinda weird but would go back there just to get the yucca fries. It was not very expensive too. Worth the moneyThe mahi mahi fish tacos were very dry. Would've sent them back if I weren't starving & in a rush. Don't order them. The slaw was great though.I tried Dos Tacos on my lunch today. The last time i was at this building it was a Thai place. It is tiny storefront with 4 tables, but, mostly takeout for others who arrive later. I was lucky and got to eat in. They have 9 taco varieties (Yes, they have Vegetarian option), Also , they have a ChicaFlaca Salad (with your choice of protein, tofu-mushroom as Veg option). Plus,a few sides. The popular side is the yucca fries. So, I had the Vegetarian taco Mr. Fun-Gi which is 5 types of Wild Mushroom, Jicam Guacamole and Chipotle Gastrique. I tried the sauce on my taco and dipped my fries. Yummy. Prices are for Dos = two tacos. I think it's a good deal.  The prices varies. For the Veggie tacos $7.77. Very filling meal. The fries are too much and I only sampled and bringing the rest home. They are $3.50. So, come hungry as two Tacos is filling. or if you need a snack, the yucca fries are yummy too. They have 5 different sauces you can order  for a little extra, but I thought theyn were fine as is. I will come back. Glad to know it is so close to my office.This was my first time and I do not plan on going back. The tacos are not that good for the price. I had the crispy pig which was 2 for $10. The meat was not crispy but it was over cooked. Also my tacos were cold. 
I only gave it two stars because the guy at the front seemed really nice.After hearing so many good things I really wanted to like this place.. The tacos were extremely mediocre and definitely overpriced. The steak tacos were not great.. Although the steak was excellent there was barely any steak on it.. Just a few slices. I just picked the meat off because the rest of the taco was not good.Very disappointing. We got the al pastor, korean bbq and chicken tacos and the yucca fries. The fries were fairly pleasant, nicely fried and fluffy on the inside. That was the only good. The tacos were all dry, bland and flavorless. We threw out the al pastor tacos which managed to be dry and fatty at the same time. The chicken was dry, bland and weird. The meat on the Korean had no flavor; thank god for the kimchee otherwise it would have ended up in the trash with the al pastor. No salsa was offered to perk up the flavorless tacos. i don't know how in Philadelphia someplace could turn out tacos so lacking. Won;t be back.The tacos were tasty, nothing insanely flavorful but crispy fish and pro belly can never be too bad. 
However, there were several aspects of the experience I didn't appreciate. Firstly, the menu item neither specifies that each order includes two tacos, nor does it specify price. When I was told by the perfectly pleasant and well-meaning staff that I would need to get 4 tacos to try two flavors I thought it was a little much. But when the total came to more than $20 without a drink or chips, I got a little testy. 
I don't mind paying a premium for delicious food, and I was willing to give it a try. 4 tacos for twenty plus would have to be pretty special.  These simply did not warrant the price. Better, less expensive tacos can be found all over the city (south philly barbacoa being the best of them). Were I at a sit down restaurant, this price would be more acceptable. But given the take-out atmosphere (only one of the 4 high top tables even has seats), dos tacos did not hit the mark. 
In short: overpriced, unremarkable tacos in an uncomfortable spaceI ate here for the third or fourth time today. It is a block from my office. This review is for the Korean tacos - 4 stars, so yummy and flavorful. Right amount of Spice. I was in and out with my to go order in 5 minutes. Past chicken and pork tacos were not as flavorful but still good quality and good quantity for the price.It's a nice little restaurant.  Only has a few seats.  The tacos were delicious. We got three different tacos, plantains, fish, and pork. Each type comes with two tacos hence the name. They smelled so good I forgot to take pictures until half way through. They were all very good. The pork was by far the best one. The people were friendly.  The one downside was they don't have a bathroom.Ordered the phat pig tacos which I thought was going to be a delicious meal turned out to be a disappointment. The pork belly was bland and rubbery, which could also be the description for the tacos. I can see how this might be good if you are here drunk and just want some food to munch on, but would avoid this place at all cost if you are sober.Ordered takeout through a third party, so that should be taken into account, but:
* Fish in the fish tacos was basically fish jerky. Not edible.
* Pastrami taco had more fixins than meat. Seemed like they cheeped out.
* Ordered 2 orders of mac n cheese and they were substituted with green and red salsa (due to mac n cheese being sold out???) We were not contacted regarding the substitution, and the salsas were half the price. We had also ordered guac which made more salsa questionable as a substitution at best, especially since mac n cheese can serve as a meal and salsa can not (we will be contacting the delivery service about these concerns as well. favorable resolution may result in a small adjustment to this rating)
* Salsa verde (not ordered) was basically a gelatin. I thought originally this was due to it coming right out of the fridge, but after it sat for a bit, the strange formed texture remained. What???! Pico de gallo, also not ordered, was flavorless tomato water. the tomato chunks were also mostly too large - many being almost a cubic inch.
This would likely be a 2 star review if they hadn't substituted so unfairly (salsa does not substitute for macaroni and cheese, and I doubt anyone would disagree).The order was two vegetarian tacos. My girlfriend said I will have the vegetarian taco and I said I will have the same. She bit into the taco and there was fish inside. I sent her order back and they replaced it with the correct order and I kept mine. Then i looked at the receipt and we were charged for two orders if fish tacos. I the cashier who made the mistake about an adjustment  and she said she cannot refund the money but can give us another taco. I said I was not interested in another taco, I want the money. She said she could not do that. So I guess another customer lost. Seems like one and a bunch of other.Just yes! I was wandering aimlessly, searching for sustenance when I came upon Dos Tacos. It's a cozy little place with an awesome color scheme and really good food. The Phat Pig taco is amazing. Full of pork bits and a generous helping of bacon. And if you leave without trying the Yucca fries, you are doing yourself a disservice. Service was great on a Friday night and I was pleasantly stuffed after leaving. I will definitely  be back!One of the biggest rip-offs in the city.  Two tiny tacos (cold) of pork with a bit of kimchee for $9 plus tax.  Almost no taste.  Really bad.This place makes me really miss being in California...in a bad way. The tacos here were so underwhelming!!! It was so exciting to see a taco establishment open past 10pm but my emotions quickly changed once I started eating. I absolutely love al pastor tacos, with pork that's normally sweet and juicy. BUT at Dos Tacos, it was just ended up being chewy and dry. The tortillas were bland and could have used some time on the grill too! I had high expectations for $8.50 for 2 tacos! I left feeling truly unsatisfied.I had to go the pork carnitas. Good flavor but it's greasy. The grease leaked out from the container.
I was the only customer but after placing my order, it's not passed on to the chef until he realized that there's an order waiting. He's not far from the order counter.Just a little place, with some seating, but I hoped for more from the food. It was more expensive that I would have expected. The only real bad dish was the salad -- that was not even eaten. The tortillas fell apart when we picked them up -- have never come across that before. The best tacos were probably The Phat Pig.To be honest I feel sort of bad about the two start review, because the tacos were good- but there are some major issues at this place. While the tacos are good, the portions are pretty small. The biggest problem for me was that when I asked for the fresh salsa verde for my taco, I was told they only sold it in 6 oz containers. Which is very strange. That combined with the portions was enough to turn me off from this place- but I will say that the tacos
(Although small) tasted very good and the staff was friendly. But I definitely would not go back.The tacos (I got the Korean bulgogi taco) are well favored and almost...dare I say...healthy? (almost?) The service was great as well. Everything was fast and fresh as can be and perfectly cooked. I certainly enjoyed my taco and would be back when I am in Philly.I really wanted to like this place! I work just a block away and would have loved to have a regular taco spot. If you are going to take something cheap and easy and make it artisanal and charge artisanal pricing, it better be impressive. There were really 3 problems:
1. The space and time it took to get my order. It took 25 minutes to get 2 tacos and some yuca fries. The point of tacos is that they are fast. Admittedly, they had just opened and were slammed, but that is why you staff appropriately. Their number system didn't really seem to have any rhyme or reason. They also didn't appear to be very sympathetic to the wait. The space was crammed and felt claustrophobic. 
2. The tacos just weren't good. They were bland and dry. I ordered the Al Pastor tacos, and my buddy ordered the shrimp. Neither had any flavor. The tortillas had not been pan heated and didn't seem fresh. The amount of items in the tortilla were minimal, and again, lacked flavor. The yuca fries were done well, and the truffle dipping sauce was tasty. 
3. Presentation and follow through. They gave us a cup filled with chips, but no salsa of any kind. The tacos even looked flat and depressed (mainly because of the lack of content). 
If the problem with this place were just that they were understaffed, I could see it making a resurgence, but this new addition had everything wrong with it. It looks like this space on South 15th will continue to be haunted with direct to fail start-ups.I went back in person and the tacos were amazing!  It was a great space to eat and people watch. Totally casual and really nice people working there.Visited this spot yesterday. The price was steep for two tacos. My mother and I got a touch of food poisoning after eating tacos from here.Their tortillas taste weird to me. I ended up just eating the contents of my Phat Pig with a fork. Needs seasoning.It's kind of hit or miss with this place.  About half the items are above average, and the other half are average to below average.  For example, I really enjoy the Kamikaze, but Le Frenchman is dull.  For $4 to $5 per taco, it's not the worst deal in the city by any means, but you can definitely get a better bang for your buck elsewhere.Tried this place for lunch today and was pretty disappointed. Spend $15 for 2 tacos and an empanada. The tacos were okay. I had the Al Pastor...nothing to write home about. The empanada was actually good but not worth $6 for 1 empanada. I've had way better tacos for far less money, but I guess you're paying for the location. Doubt I'll be back.I'm sorry, but this is one step above Taco Bell. I got the Los classicos and el pastor tacos and they were both sub par. The Los classicos tacos boasted ground Kobe beef but my tacos arrived in a puddle of grease and the beef was akin to canned beef. The el pastor tacos were a notch above, but the pork was very tough. If you're drunk or buzzed (and I kind of was) and you're desperate for food, it's a good option. But I'd rather go to Taco Bell at that point :/I was recommended to come here to eat and I was not disappointed. The menu had something for everybody. Everything comes with two tacos. The chips and the guacamole were good and vey fresh. I got the " Los Clasicos " tacos which was good , my cousin who invited me, tried the "Le Frenchman" which according to the cashier is one of their most popular order. Overall a good place if you're trying to order something quick.Ta-Korea tacos were just ok. Not great. Service was pretty fast and friendly. I will return at some point to try some of the other menu options.These tacos are absolutely incredible. I don't think the lower rating reviewers get the difference between a gourmet taco and taco bell. They're artisinal in the truest sense, and well worth the $8. It's a very satisfying meal; no, you won't be stuffed, but if that's what you want, go to a food cart and get two pounds of meat and rice for $5. If it's quality and a creative menu you want, go to Dos Tacos. Also, the staff are awesome and super friendly!Dos Tacos y Dos Estrellas. Food was not at all what I expected. The plantanos tacos were unseasoned which is weird for such a bland fruit. Pork belly was not crisp and the Al pastor was eh. The chips were good tho. Disclaimer: we ordered off grub hub.Stopped in to this little shop for a quick bite before seeing the ballet. Had the fish tacos and the Al Pastor; absolutely delicious!! Tons of flavor and freshness. My only complaint was that the corn tortillas should have been grilled a little as they all fell apart while eating but that is what the fork is for...LOL!!  Will definitely be back as I want to try the other varieties of tacos and the homemade churros.I used to love this place, but something has changed in the last few months (since summer 2016). The food is sloppy and not as good as it used to be. Way to trash something special.I saw Dos Tacos on a list of best tacos in the city and since it was near by I decided to give it a try for lunch. 
Let me start off by saying the tacos were great, fresh and cooked to order and it was about $8.00 for, you guessed it, two tacos. However, they are not hold back on the filings and two tacos are good enough to leave me satisfied. 
That being said, maybe it was the day I visited, but during a lunch time rush I expected a quicker turn out. It took me 25 minutes to get two tacos done...because there was one cook, one cashier and another who placed cooked food in the respected bags. I thought this was kind of inefficient given people have a limited lunch time. 
As I said the food was great but I wouldn't go out my way or be willing to wait such a long time for their tacos again.I've heard great places about this place, but I was disappointed in our food. Oddly enough, our food was lukewarm and lacking flavor. I ordered the mac n cheese and my partner ordered the Classico tacos. This is probably the place that's great drunk food, but not so hot when you're sober.Nice to see a taco joint spring up in what seems like a revolving door location on 15th Street. Hopefully it stays put for a while. The tacos here are a bit more upscale than what you'd find at other places; more Jose Pistola than Italian Market. Call me a gringo but I still love hard shell tacos, so I was happy to see the Los Classicos on the menu. Although I thought the ground kobe was a tad dry, the layer of Mexican crema and queso kept it nice and velvety. The real winner was the soft shell crab tacos. I wish there was a way these buggers can be offered year round but that's nature. These tacos will knock your socks off. You should drop what you're doing and get them. Now. Twelve bucks for two.I love this place! It's a little small but it's perfect for a quick bite to eat. I always get the carnitas tacos, those are my favorite! On Tuesdays, you have the option of adding a third taco for just $1, and the cashier is super friendly and helpful. 10/10 would recommend. & I'll definitely be back for more hahaMy favorite new taco joint!!  I cannot go a full week without craving the deliciousness that is...the Ta-Korea!!  And don't even get me started about the corn!  AMAZING!!!! Staff is super friendly and I always leave with a smile on my face. You need to try this place!!This small eatery has the best tacos in Center City.  Its a wait but its worth it because my tacos were hot, fresh yummy and well presented.  Id recommend it for AFTER the lunch rush since its so tight in there.  Good food and drinks too!My friend and I shared the Kamikaze taco and chips and guacamole. 
I would say they both tasted pretty good but it is a bit on the pricier side for what you getI got the pork tacos and the chicken tacos because i was really hungry. It was really overpriced for the portion. The pork was really dry and bland. The chicken was okay but that's the first and last time I'm going there.Went to this place today with my sister in law... 
1.) they dont even heat up the tortillas that the tacos are in. They literally just pull them from the bag and there you go. They were cold and tasted like crap. Who doesnt at least WARM the toritillas?!?
2.) the "cook" was on his phone the whole time listening to some youtube channel. Obviously could care less about our food and quickly made the tacos so he could get back to his phone.  So rude .
3.) these things wouldnt have been SO annoying if
The tacos wernt so EXPENSIVE. I mean really 9$ for 2 shit tacos? Ill pass on that
Please dont waste your money here, we literally threw away our tacos and my whole mean was 32$. They need to give up this space to a real taco place.$8-$10 for 2 tacos that are the size of your hand. Yes, they're good but I think the price is steep and you'll still end up being hungry. The quality of the meat is solid, cooked right but could use some more marinade. The house salsa is a bit too sweet for my taste. Overall, it was a good experience and the staff were very friendly.Not impressed at all. Really felt disappointed especially paying 9 dollars for 2 mediocre tacos, the plus side, atleast i know not to spend money there again.I want to give it a 3 and a half because the guy at the register is mad down to earth and they play good music but other than I felt it's somewhat mediocre. Just feel that it's pricey for the value you get. Came here on my lunch break on a Tuesday and was expecting some type of taco Tuesday deal but there was nothing advertising it. I got the meal that comes with drink and chips and 2 chicken tacos. The tacos weren't bad but they didn't really fill me up and it cost $15. For such a small place with no full dining experience you would expect more. For me the salsa was the best part. Maybe I'm spoiled spending so much of my life on the west coast with access to more fulfilling tacos than this for $6. 
However, I do think I chose the wrong tacos. I'm willing to come back and check the al pastor alone but not as a whole meal.A friend had recommended Dos Tacos, and as a girl who never says no to tacos, we decided to stop by for a last minute Saturday lunch. They've got 10 solid choices on their menu, so we went with the Phat Pig (because who doesn't love pork on a taco) and Le Frenchman (bien sur) even BEFORE I realized that you can add fois gras for an extra $1.95 - mais oui! Oui oui oui... The game plan now is to basically go back until we've sampled the entire menu. The yucca fries went nicely on the side as a way to dip up some of the chicken and foie drippings that were coming off of my taco. This is no joke. The seating/dining area is super small, so be prepared to take out if you must, but luckily everything is presented in to-go fashion.First off, I was born and raised in southern CA. So, take with that what you will. 
Two years on the east coast and I have not had any Mexican food...on purpose, but a coworker and I were walking by this place during lunch the other day. Being tired of the usual spots around work, I decided to give it a try. Walking in, I noticed that the spot was really small but the interior decoration was cute. Their menu is basically chalkboard-ed on the walls. Again, it was cute and fun but as a first-timer, it was a little overwhelming to read. I was confused as to what I was looking at and what my options were. The girl sitting behind the register was pretty useless and unfriendly also. 
I ordered two classic tacos and she asked me if I wanted two orders or two tacos. Again, since there were no descriptions of anything other than ingredients on their menu walls, I didn't understand what she was really asking...well, how many tacos come in one order? two? three? am i ordering a la carte? does an order come with anything extra? ANYWAYS...so I just reiterated that I would like two tacos. I attempted to make some fun, light talk but she wasn't very receptive. The guy standing next to her was much more pleasant...I wish he would've helped me instead. When I picked up my order and said thank you, she literally looked at me and said nothing. lol ugh!
The tacos came out quickly. By the time I got back to work, they were a little cold. Blegh. Accepting the fact that nothing on the east coast is going to be the same as the spots back home, I was ready to be realistic in my expectations. The tacos were ok. Nothing to be wowed about but also not terrible. I think this is a case where if the service was better, I would consider giving them a second shot. Being that that was not the case, I will most likely not go back to this place. Moving on...I would say the best tacos in philly. This reminds me of the Mexican spots I am used to going to in Texas. Just make sure you have your cash on handHuge fan of this little spot! The last time I ate here I had an Al Pastor taco, and it was bomb. I've had all their tacos except the vegetarian one because, well meat.. although I'm sure it's delicious. 
I also love their chips and salsa. Their Guac is good, and the salsa is really to die for. I could eat that with just a spoon, nice and chunky. My only complaint is that their a tad pricey, but hey they're also the only place in center city to grab a quick taco so I'm okay with it!Will never come back. Came tonight it was empty except for one guy, ordered three tacos. It took a very long time and when I was told our order was ready it was brought to my attention that only one of our three taco orders had been put on the grill and that it would be a longer wait for the rest. I asked for money back for the other two orders because we needed to leave. When I opened the tacos in the car there was a large beard hair in the tacos.Working around the corner, I like to come in every few weeks and get take-out and it never disappoints. The tacos are fresh and delicious and a nice portion, always overflowing. I love the new additions to the menu, especially the fish tacos and the plantain tacos!We waited 25 minutes for 1 order of tacos. They clearly are understaffed considering they have online orders coming in too. It was extremely hot inside while waiting as well. The tacos were delicious but would have been more enjoyable if we had waited only 5-10 minutes for them. Reasonably priced.I went here for lunch and was not impressed.  I tried the Ta-Korea taco and the Le Frenchman taco. The first problem is these taco names. By the name of the taco you have no idea what I ordered. Le Frenchman is a chicken taco and Ta-Korea is a steak taco. The chicken taco was bland. The steak taco was good, with nice thin slices of steak, but not memorable. The place is very small. The few tables are only tables for 2 people, so you can't go there assuming you will get a seat.  There are better taco places in the area, so this one is definitely a one and done.