Double Knot was recommended by a bartender from Graffiti Bar and it did not disappoint. Food was great, ambiance was great and our waitress Caydie was knowledgeable, attentive and very helpful in helping us pick everything from Sake to our meals. Would absolutely recommend Double Knot and will be coming back for sure!This review is only for downstairs at Double Knot: 
Three words - Cold, Dark and Salty. We've been here twice now and while the upstairs seating area is great for happy hour cocktails and small plates the formal dining area in the basement was pretty disappointing. 
While the ambience is great for an intimate dinner/date night the space in itself is extremely cold both during the winter and summer. 
Some of the dishes are a hit or miss and the overall quality has deteriorated ( this goes for Sampan as well). The Robotayaki dishes we ordered were either completely lacking in salt or drowning in it. The edamame dumplings are the only consistent dish we've had since frequenting the MJS chain. 
We also ordered the roast fish for two which was lacking in flavor and just about average. Server knowledge of the restaurants was pretty poor- we were discussing the dessert menu at both restaurants and he told us that he was pretty sure that Sampan never had the mini soft serve cones!! 
I gave this place 3 stars because the cocktails are pretty good, they do have some signature dishes that are worth the visit and the happy hour specials upstairs are great!My happy hour plan at Sampan fell through it was that crowded. Plan B is obviously Double Knot. They had a spot for me at the downstairs bar. I did not think this place could have anymore twists and turns but I was led through a door, down a long staircase, up a small flight of more steps pass a sushi bar and a busy kitchen and then down again into the mother of all nooks and crannies.
I was in some small dark secret crevice of the building. It was very dark. So dark I could barely read the small booklet I was given. The bar is small down there. I believe six seats. And yet there were three bartenders. One would have been sufficient but I found myself with my own personal man. I felt vey James Bond-ish. 
Of course I could not get the kimchi fried rice that I wanted but my man had a pork bao bun special for me. He said it was new. It was tasty.  But the pork gyoza (dumplings) were my favorite with the scallion pancake fried on top. Very good. I might find my way back down there again. By the way order the monkey fist. The drinks are small for the price but it was damn good.Small plates!  Some things are a straight up rip off!  Three chicken wings in sauce with Shishito peppers:  $17!!!!  Be VERY careful when ordering.  On second thought ... go somewhere else!This review is only for upstairs lunch.
It's simple. You go up to the bar, order, they give you a number, and the food comes out to you. It's only $7 (choose your protein for banh mi, cold noodles, hot rice, or salad), a steal in center city! ...or not. I had the pork banh mi. There wasn't a lot of meat, and it wasn't very large, understandable because it's only $7. The roll was incredible, but the meat was quite dry. 
I could see myself returning if I didn't eat very much or if the portions were larger, but for now, I won't be back. It was just okay. Maybe for dinner someday.I've had the pleasure of dinning here (restaurant downstairs) a handful of times, and must say the food has been consistently great! Go with the tasting menu if you can, to experience the full range of food they offer here- you won't be disappointed.I've only been once for dinner, but it was a great date night spot. The atmosphere sort of reminded me of a speakeasy/dungeon, but in a good way on the dungeon part (if that's possible. Hey, look, just go with it). Very dark, candlelit, cavernous and yet intimate. We were seated downstairs, and the server was super helpful (although my date remarked his Japanese pronunciation was pretty awful--I wouldn't know). The food was delish; we ordered a few small items: sashimi, Japanese fried chicken, shishito peppers, and lots from the robatayaki menu. Okay, come to think of it, we chowed down pretty hard. It was all yum. I would definitely go again.I have friends who dine here quite frequently. After coming here with them, I am at a loss as to why they continue to return. The food was bland and the atmosphere was totally off - way too dark, tables were really cramped, waitstaff was not helpful. I was disappointed and will not return.Great "speak-easy" type of place where you put your name in at a hostess stand at the back of the street-level lounge area. When called, they take you down the stairs (the noise-level from upstairs disappears) and you enter an extremely classy, dimly-lit dining/bar area. The asian-fusion menu was very large and sure to please anyone (apps, skewers, sushi, etc). The best part is the great service and very knowledgeable staff who really put in 110% effort in serving you unique drinks and tasty food.
I think this is great for a date night or a small group of friends. the Double Know signature drink was amazing. It can get costly but I think it's very worth it for a nice night out.Their lunch deal is the best! I've had salad or rice with pork or shrimp and it was always been great. You can build your bowl and it's 7$ including tax during lunchtime. I go there several times a week sometimes!Great restaurant, with interesting cocktails. We walked away full and satiated, and having felt like we had a fun and unique experience - what we would want from going to a restaurant! I'm writing in excruciating detail below so we remember what to get next time, The only downside was our waitress - just had an air of better-than-thou, and was hard to ask questions without getting a look of "how do you NOT know what that random Japanese fish prep is?" We ended up asking questions to the waiting staff when they came to deliver food instead, and they were much more helpful. While service does factor into my ratings usually, I am giving the restaurant 5 stars despite the one waitress and because the rest of the staff were so kind. 
- Cocktails: Double knot was delicious and fun, with the smokiness, as was the Savoy knot. The PocketKnot was OK, maybe not to my personal taste. 
- Hirame and yellow tail sashimis - delicious
- ceviche: unique and delicious
- octopus robo: very well prepared, great texture
- lotus root sausage robo: pretty but not that flavorful
- crispy brussel sprouts: would definitely get it again, and figure out how to make it their way
- pastrami pork belly bao: reasonably good but not memorable
- swordfish: the robo was pretty good, but the meatball robo was pretty bland.We had NYE reservations, so THIS is only the reason for 4 stars. Once we got there the hostess gave are reservation away by ACCIDENT. I do think she was new and maybe overwhelmed.
BUT the manager did come up to us and apologized and got us seated asap.
NOWWWW down to the food. Me personally I fucking love sushi. And my date really doesn't know much about it. And our waitress was very knowledgeable and made my date very comfortable.
The sushi was off the charts!!! I mean the only sushi that comes close is izaksya at the borgota. WHICH is the same owner of the double knot.
Soooooooo definitely the best sushi in Philly 
And the style is romantic and everything you except for downtown Philly! 
Now so you know it is a bit pricey, so if you're a cheap uptight asshat... stay home. You get what you pay for!! You want the best you pay for the best.
Oh yeah PHILADELPHIA magazine just rated this place in the top 10 places in Philly to eat!The food is excellent, however the front of the house service needs improvement. We had a reservation and waited more than 25 minutes to get seated. The hostess was not apologetic nor was the waiter who indicated we were lucky because it's not uncommon for people wait up to 45 minutes to be seated with a reservation.Can't believe I haven't reviewed this spot yet. My favorite Japanese modern place in philly! My go to!! No I won't help you find it ;)My fiancé and I stumbled into this place on accident, and boy are we happy we did. We grabbed a table downstairs, which was first come, first served seating. There's a room upstairs that takes reservations, but we never saw this room. We ordered a shit ton of food, because the menu is tapas. We really went overboard though, and got way too much. Since the food is delicious, we are all of it. Moral of the story - just because the dining style is tapas, doesn't mean you need 2 of everything on the menu. A few things for yourself should do the trick.After dinner, I and my friends (8 of us) came over here on a Sat night for drinks and light snacks. We got sit after like 20-30 minutes wait so it wasn't that bad. I have to say, the food was amazing. We ordered robatas, the baos were good, drinks were great too. Even we had dinner before we came here, we still ate a lots. Highly recommend this placeWonderful experience!  We opted for the chef's tasting, $55 per person. The beef was melt in your mouth amazing! Tuna and avocado was divine, as well as just about every course we had...dumplings, fried cheese balls, lamb chops! 
Love that it's family style so you get to taste 10 dishes. Waiter was super helpful and attentive. 
Brussels sprouts were ok, with a strong flavor none of us was crazy about. The last course was a breaded pork chop which also was just ok.The dessert tart was perfection!  
We enjoyed the atmosphere, low light with many candles, even on the stairs. Not fond of the coed bathroom. 
You should experience this at least once!They took a while to seat us but then gave us two complementary plates to make up for it. Wasn't a single dish I didn't enjoy. Would recommend the edamame dumplings, tofu with pesto and caramel and the mochi ice cream. 11/10 would recommend.Stopped in Friday (7/22) night for a drink.  Plenty of seats at the bar.  We sat down and waited for one of the three bartenders to acknowledge us.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  They must have been having a pretty interesting conversation.  Finally, I caught one's attention and smiled and waved.  He didn't move, just stared at me like I was making an obscene gesture.  I waved him over.  He approached, but still did no speak.  I said, 'We'd like to order a drink'.  Still silent, he put 2 menus down in front of us and then rejoined the other 2 bartenders.  There are plenty of great places to drink in midtown  so we left, went over to the Oyster Bar which was packed, but everyone from the hostess to the waitstaff greeted us and was very attentive.Came here for lunch with some people from work.  The menu is l Iimited, but I would rather have fewer choices and great food then a lot of choices with mediocre food. You get to choose the protein and the prep (noodles, rice, bahn mi, or salad). I went with the chicken and noodles. Great flavors! Good value, especially in city center.  The portions were perfect. I will definitely be back.I'm going to have to say that this might even be better than its sister restaurant, Sampan!
We went with a group of 5 on a Saturday night. We had a 9 pm reservation and were probably seated by 9:30 since the place was totally packed! We were offered cocktails on the house due to our wait. The cocktails were delicious: tropical and strong...just how I like them,
The restaurant itself is downstairs. It's very dark and cozy. There is a free coat check at the top of the stairs before heading down. The menu has upwards of 90 items so it can be a bit overwhelming. 
We ordered tons of different things and it would be way too much to list. Notable dishes include the tuna tartare...the best I've had anywhere; the brussel sprouts (which are the same as Sampan's), the Big Eye sushi roll, and the wings. My least favorite was the Robatayaki, the octopus was a bit fishy and the pork jowl just didn't do anything for me. But the good dishes far outweighed the bad.
Our bill was about $300 for 5 people including tip. We didn't try the dessert because none of the dishes appealed to us. I'm not all that interested in trying tofu cheesecake. 
I'll definitely be heading back!Got the 10 course tasting menu and every single thing was amazing. I highly recommend the Double Knot sushi roll and the cod fried rice. Service was great as well. 5 stars for both the food and the service!Really great happy hour value! The kimchi fried rice is amazing and comes with a poached egg. Love being able to break it up in the rice except it seemed like I upset the waiter when I didn't want them to break it for me. 
But overall very consistent and delicious happy hour with a great atmosphere and friendly wait staff. Few of my favorites are the edamame dumplings, pork banh mi, brussel sprouts, pot stickers... can't really go wrong with anything!We had a great meal here on New Years Eve! Awesome service- our waitress was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu. We did the chefs tasting menu but picked all of our courses. Here is what we had and we loved all of it!!
double knot, re-animator tie, two lovers knot for drinks. Loved all of them! Double knot comes out on a smoky wood plank and is so smooth. Two lovers knot is great if you want something lighter.
Hamachi
Hirame 
Tofu- we were skeptical because we don't usually eat tofu but our waitress pushed us to get this and we were not disappointed!
Duck scrapple bao bun- yum!
Swordfish meatball - amazing!!!
Kobe beef- amazing!! One of our favorites!
Aged NY strip - this was good but probably wouldn't order it again. You can get something similar at a lot of other restaurants; we should have tried something different 
Crispy Brussels sprouts
Toro- this was one of our favorite things we ate!Wow! Building is amazing. More than meets the eye. Delicious food, too! We got the chefs tasting and it gave Vetri and run for best place I've eaten in Philly. $55 per person for the tasting for tons of food. Would definitely go back again.Holy amazing, Batman!!
When you wake up the next morning dreaming about foie gras and pastrami pork belly bao, it's been a pretty good meal. My Philly host ordered up pure magic ... get one of everything!! The Double Knot cocktail packs a punch so no wussies are allowed to order it, I'm pretty sure. 
Lastly, the location is in the basement giving it such a cool factor that you'll blush. It's not hip and arrogant making you think they're better than you, quite the opposite! It's a fast a furious event that your palate will appreciate the whole time through. 
Oh, one last thing: this place costs money. It's worth it, but not if you don't appreciate an amazing meal.We had a reservation for 6 people at 9pm and we didn't get our table until 9:45. Moreover, while we were waiting, the people from the restaurant were incredibly rude and suggested that if we didn't want to wait, we could go somewhere else (it's impossible to get a table in a good restaurant in the area on a Friday night without a reservation). When we finally got seated at the restaurant, someone wanted to order a cocktail from the bar upstairs (because we had it while we we're waiting), and the server said that the cocktails offered downstairs were different so we couldn't order that.
The food was very good beside all the awful service.Romantic, cool, great food, drinks and service from start to finish. Had a drink upstairs while waiting to be seated downstairs. Given an honest estimate by the hostess that it could be 45 minutes but possible they could seat us within 20. Lucky us we were seated within 15. During the wait Ryan helped get us drinks, was really kind, fun and made us feel attended to. Downstairs so romantic, so affordable for high quality food / drink. Recommend to all!Phenomenal place. They let me buddy put his bike inside in his time of need. And they didn't question me just ordering alcohol at 11 am.This may easily be my new favorite restaurant in the city. There's no other way to describe the vibe than it's industrial and coooooool. Upstairs is a loud self-seated area but when your table is ready, you're directed down a quiet set of stairs to a hidden dining area. I loved the ambiance, perfect for a date night.
Outside of the food: 
we had 9 pm reservations, and they were running late. At 9:15 staff apologetically approached us and offered complimentary dishes when we were seated at 9:20 ish. Our server was so helpful with such a large menu. I genuinely felt like he was there to aid in our "experience," and he gave great advice over the dishes and portioning.
The food: 
We opted out of the tasting menu (it's a good option if sifting through the menu is overwhelming) but my bf and I decided we wanted more small plates over finishing the meal with larger entree dishes. We ordered 12 things. no joke. With one round of drinks, our bill was still $115 (under the $120 for the tasting menu). I'm definitely glad we took this option to try more and pay less!!
My favorite dishes were:
Albacore tataki, specialty salmon sashimi, tempura cheese curds, pork belly robatayaki, the pork buns, and the black cod fried rice side 
My let downs were: 
the mushroom gyoza - I'm surprised they were pan fried and lacking flavor. Also, our server disappeared for a stint, making it hard to order a round of drinks. These were small issues considering how everything else was so wonderful.OMG NO HAPPY HOUR MAKES ME HAPPIER! Double knot serves a bunch of small plates of food with Asian twists. The best part is you could order like 7 things between 2 people and you never spend more than 10-15 bucks each! I'm always amazed at how fresh everything tastes especially the sushi! The chicken bao buns and the Brussels sprouts are my personal favorites but I've never ordered anything I didn't like here! This is the definition of bang for your buck! Service is always fast and lovely. Double knot has my heart!The happy hour here rocks, if what you're looking for is bar bites or even approaching dinner tapas-style with some Asian fusion flair - lots of options and excellent value on many quality items. There's a Yelp photo posted somewhere around here of their happy hour menu from awhile back, but it approximates what's in store. 
In terms of hours outside of happy hour, I've only tried their cocktails. There's a fascinating selection of coffee cocktails, and our group all enjoyed ours. During the time we visited though, the bartender was not the greatest and had a bit of an attitude even though we were an easy-going, polite group.
Double Knot's sister restaurants Sampan and Graffiti Bar offer similar happy hour specials (there's even some overlap between food items), but DK seems to have less crowding during happy hour. However, we still had a bit of a wait to get our orders in. It's a fair trade-off given how great of a deal happy hour was here - the fact that it was packed on a Tuesday speaks to how popular this place is.This was a top notch tasting menu on a Saturday night. We booked about two months out, after hearing that it isn't easy to get a last minute table here. 
The tasting menu was worth it - not cheap, but delicious to try a variety of foods. The sushi tasted fresh, and the meats that we were able to try were amazing. I would also highly suggest the drinks - we tried a variety, but two of my favorites were the Double Knot and the Two Lovers Knot. The food was definitely 5/5.
Two thoughts on the less positive side - we had 5 people and they crammed us into a table for 4. The second was that one person in our party doesn't eat meat or fish, and there weren't a ton of menu options for her to try.Some damn fine coffee, Diane. Double Knot gives the vibe of a speakeasy but is a coffee shop? I love the atmosphere and layout of the cafe and the menu is very extensive for a little cafe! Pretty rare to find a coffee place that offers beers but this is the spot! The hand poured coffee is excellent and well worth the price over Starbucks!My husband and I went here last night for our anniversary and had a wonderful time. The atmosphere and overall experience exceeded my expectations - not that they weren't already pretty high, it being a speakeasy sushi bar and all. The sake was probably my favorite part - there is something very cool about drinking out of a cedar box. I got the miso soup, the tuna tartare and the Double Knot roll. My husband got a few different robatayaki - Kobe beef, clams and swordfish. Also the blue crab cali roll. We are very easy going people and tend to like nearly everything but this was just above and beyond good. The staff was incredibly knowledgable and attentive and I honestly cannot wait to go back.This is by far our favorite breakfast spot (among other reasons to venture here). The atmosphere, food, and customer service can't be beat. Split the eggs benedict, egg banh mi, and one of their homemade baked goods (we had a fresh donut coated in dried strawberries & sugar this morning that was amazing). Hand poured coffee and an assortment of craft drinks - so hard to choose.Average.
This place looks to be pretty popular and profiting off of sister location Sampan. The two sites share a kitchen and its evident the dishes are similar - though Double Knot does accomplish to add a bit of a "twist" to some Sampan standards.
To start, this location is in the middle of all the commotion of Center City, so be prepared to park a bit far and walk. We parked closer to 10th Street and made our way over.
The place is bi-level and each floor is for a different purpose. The upstairs, is a first come first serve happy hour place, while the downstairs is for a full dining room experience (and allows for reservations). Each floor, therefore, has it's own menu. 
We sat downstairs and peered through a few options, settling on the spicy tofu, brussel sprouts, and edamame dumplings. The brussel sprouts I've had before at Sampan, but they were just as delicious here. The tofu and edamame dumplings were also solid. I liked how the tofu was well marinated and cut in into small pieces. The dumplings did require some additional accruements to amp up the spice, but I appreciated how savory they were. 
In the end, I feel that though the dishes we did eat were great, that was all there was to explore. Not much else veggie friendly seemed appetizing. The portions were decent (at least enough for 2 per plate), though I felt it was still pricey especially since I walked out of there not fully satiated.
The service was pretty great. Our waitress knew a lot about different menu items and their ingredients. She was also pretty good on keeping our water glasses full! I would like to come back in case there are other veggie friendly options, but I'm getting the vibe that the restaurant is not changing it's menu anytime soon. 
Overall, I was OK with it - may be better to order take out from over here, if I do eat Double Knot again.ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT HERE! The food is fantastic, innovative, and super flavorful. You have to make a reservation early in advance because it fills up quite quickly. The brussel sprouts, cheese curds, and black cod friend rice are some of my favorite menu items. The sushi is also pretty fresh and delicious, too.Nice ambience and food. We had the set menu, since it was too over whelming to figure out what to eat. I will check the menu prior to my next visit, and the short ribs were the best dish we tried.
Nice for a date nightWe had a lovely meal! We did the 10 course tasting menu and it was totally worth it!  The variety of items that we tried were fantastic. Favourites were the big tuna sushi, the cod fried rice, edamame dumplings, sea bass and the short rib but everything was good. The service was excellent!This review is regarding the service 
I came in to have dinner with a friend last night and we sat at the downstairs bar. Moving here from NYC the aesthetic and food at double knot was top notch in comparison. 
However, the service was some of the worst I've experienced in years. When you pay high prices for your meal you expect that the service be up to par. 
Our bartender was clearly drunk or high, seemed like both. When we waited a half hour to forty five minutes for or entrees she printed out our receipt saying she wanted to prove that she'd put it in and that we shouldn't have questioned her. 
She obviously forgot to fire our dishes. She was screaming and talking loudly with the bar back and had some sort of competition going on in regards to who could say YASSSS or get a guest to say it more than the other. She would not let up. 
Finally we waited a half hour for the check. She was mad when we kept checking in on it, saying that the machines were broken, however she did nothing to fix them and just went on flirting with the bar back. 
We stood for about 15 with our coats and hats on and finally we received the check with no remorse or apology from the manager who came over to fix the broken machine. He let this woman go on and on yelling about the broken machine. 
I told my coworker about my experience and she had recently received the same level of service during happy hour when a server let out a dramatic sigh before asking which drink she preferred.I made reservations about a month in advance due it always being booked up and it was well worth the wait. We were seated right in front of the kitchen which was perfect for two people and we opted for the tasting menu. Forced me to try things I normally wouldn't eat and I may have found a few new favorites. Highly recommend and if you are planning on doing the tasting menu, come hungry!!Here is the deal, in the morning, as early as 7am, you can enjoy coffee and pastries at the bar or 2 tops, along side the carefully curated shelves of knick knacks and wooden accents. Happy Hour begins at that same space at 4pm with just a sample of the food offered downstairs. After 5pm, you can head down the stairs for a loooong menu of skewers and sushi. 
But for lunch (and that's 10pm-3pm), the menu is pleasantly streamlined: pick a protein (steak, shrimp, pork, chicken, tofu, meatball) and what form you would like it in (salad, banh mi, rice, noodles) in exchange for $7.
I do like a salad with minimal leaves and lots of herbs. South East Asia gets it. The Double Knot lunch salad is mostly citrusy cabbage, daikon, mint and cilantro.  Four lightly fried, plump shrimp came with it. It could work as a light lunch or shareable lunch appetizer.
I remember a few years ago when Sampan offered lunch, specifically the high quality banh mi they served. Double Knot brings it on back with a fresh baguette that doesn't hurt the jaw (some banh mi bread does!) and nicely marinated steak that steals the show.  The daily punch was a light melon drink that worked so well with both the salad and the banh mi. That's the thing with this menu, since everything is mix and match, it all has to make sense together, and it does.I love this place. It has an industrial flare with private nooks. The small plates were fun and perfectly executed. Service was on point. I'll be back.We had a reservation for 8:15 and got a drink at the bar upstairs initially; we got moved to the lounge downstairs since they were still waiting for our table to open.  We waited approximately 45 min for our table despite the recommendation but I have to give credit to the staff: they kept us informed about the status of the table the entire time and for waiting they gave us complimentary prosecco.  My friend and I did the tasting menu, $55 per person; totally worth it!  My favorites were the tempura tacos, sea bass, and the pastrami bao buns!  The food was absolutely amazing!  Despite the initial hiccup with getting our table, the restaurant and staff absolutely made up for it with their service, food and drinks!  Cannot wait to go back!This place I thought was just okay. I got the Veggie bahn mi and I'm just giving this place 3 stars b/c I've had better bahn mi in philly so I probably wouldn't come back here for the bahn mi.Great happy hour! I feel rich when I come here for happy hour, and soooo full. They're owned by Sampan/Graffiti bar so the food and prices are the same, this place has a small sushi menu though that is great. Highly recommend!Went there yesterday with my gfriend for her late bday, we made reservation for 9pm, arrived at 8:40 and got seated after 5 min of waiting. First impression, very nice interior design, modern and chic, and probably the only restaurant that does sitting in the basement or they called "downstairs". The upstairs looked very nice and it's would make bombing instagram picture in the morning. So we got seated at the very end of the bar, right next to the chef who was in charge of the kitchen, so it was fun to observe the whole screen. We found that the food idea was pretty much very similar to sampan, but with added sushi bar and skewers. In the flavor term, it could be a hit or miss. We chose the chef selection menu and ordered these: Japanese scallops, duck scrapple buns, Tempura shrimp tacos, lobster tail and kobe beef skewers, a5-kobe sushi, halibut kombu roll (extra not included), aged ny strip steak, chilean seabass, cod fried rice and a dessert. The first thing is, my server and the menu failed to mention that ordering lobster tail  skewer  and the a5-kobe sushi cost EXTRA $5 for each of us. In prices term, this is CRAZY. Let's me break it down for you: so all the skewers item prices ranged from $3-$7 I believe, the lobster tail cost $11. So let's just say $5 of that $11 is included in the Chef selection menu, however they charged us extra $10, which in the end we paid $15 for the lobster tail. Same applied for the a5-kobe sushi (another extra $10). I didn't complain but sure didn't leave completely satisfied or felt like my money was worth it. The best thing for the whole meal was the a5-kobe and the seabass, very tender and yummy. The scallop was not too bad (their sushi was pretty decent and I'm assuming, fresh). However the bun, the steak, the taco were all a little salty, and the rice was a little bit too sweet. They didn't do as well as Sampan, in term of flavor balanced. The kobe skewers, a big no, I'm sure it's was not kobe beef, pretty tough for its name. My friend also said that the steak was a little tough but for my part it was okay so I don't know. 
Very long review, but I just want to make sure that if you want to do the Chef selection menu, pay attention to the item that costs much more than the rest since it will be extra charge and they may not mention it to you. 
Probably not gonna return for dinner, but I may try their lunch, since I like the upstair decor a lot!Really good food. The menu is somewhat confusing and it's hard to know how much or what to order for groups. Of course, like many places the food is served as it comes and is meant for sharing and communal style blah blah but it's hard to share small plates of 2 or 3 items among 6-8 people. Both Bun Bao were excellent. The skewers are excellent but order plenty if you have a group.  The rib eye skewer was probably the best single bite of meat I have ever had. The short rib entree that we shared was spectacular.
My only complaint is that is was really warm downstairs apparently some problem with the A/C but I'm sure that will get fixed. One of the best tasting meals I have had in a while.We did the chefs tasting menu which is a pretty good value. All seafood for us, the raw scallops were amazing, tuna was great, sea bass was amazing don't miss out on it. Only two issues one is that the brussel sprouts are way too salty. I get it, fish sauce is super salty. I loved the portion size and was ready to dig in but the sodium was mouth-puckering. Personally I am not a fan of aioli/ mayo. If it was listed on the menu for the fish tacos I would have got something else. The octopus is so good, don't miss that either. Overall awesome experience.I walked into this hidden gem thinking it was a hipster coffee shop while I was looking for a place to study. Once I entered I realized that the dark ambience wouldn't make for the best study atmosphere but definitely for that speakeasy feel. 
The cocktails are fantastic and their happy hour deals are spot on. I wasn't too far off on the coffee vibe because they do have a full espresso bar with some great options for the caffeine addict. I will definitely make my way over again when I'm looking for a happy hour spotYasssss. Go here for happy hour. So good. Edamame dumplings are delicious. I love the kimchi fried rice as well. Great date placeI've passed by this place so many times but didn't know it existed until recently. When you enter, its like a hole in the wall but the basement is GORGEOUS!
The sushi is really good too! Servers were great with recommendations as well.
The only reason this place lost a star is because the hosts make it seem like its super exclusive! Just because I changed my mind last minute and decided to add 1 more person to my party, its a huge deal which has to be communicated with sneaky microphone conversations and confirming with the people already sitting. Our table had MORE than enough space for the extra people.
I am willing to disregard that though; would definitely recommend and come again!This is my new favorite Philly restaurant. We sat downstairs and went all-out with the the chef's tasting menu - 10 dishes, selected by the chef (though you can select your own if you like). Every dish was incredible, especially the venison skewers, maitake mushrooms, and the broiled sea bass (which my Maryland-native boyfriend called the best seafood he's ever eaten). I had the savoy knot cocktail and loooved it. Our server Amy was a joy.
Everything about this place from the food to the ambience impressed me. Made for a great night celebrating my new job. I'm not typically one for writing reviews but this one deserved it!!We ordered about seven or eight rolls between the three of us, of Maki, six pieces each, and I wasn't particularly blown away by any of the rolls except for the name sake double knot one which had shrimp tempura some kind of tuna and was topped with guacamole(!?). We also had the Waygu Beef sashimi, duck confi buns, shisido peppers.Double Knot would be worthy of four stars for its food, atmosphere and design, were it not for some service hiccups during a recent dinner. Food came flying out of kitchen, despite our requests to pace things -- at one point, we had 7-8 dishes crowding our table -- and a runner basically kicked us out, by removing our lit votive candle, while we were still seated. OK, message received -- and not sure if/when we'll be back!Terrific service. Outstanding meal. Had the chefs tasting menu ($60 pp) which was delicious. Highly recommend. Must have a res.Great for brunch  cocktails, best Irish coffee I've ever had.Brunch was great! Eggs Benedict were delicious and presentation, as well as the atmosphere, were great!!Best Menu Items: Chilean Sea Bass, Tuna Poke, and Short Rib for two.
Such a different, unique vibe in this restaurant. The design of this place is impressive and makes it a great spot to impress friends and family. 
The food is equally impressive as the ambience. Try something new, you will not be disappointed. Fresh high quality ingredients at a fair price.Get the Brussels sprouts! Also the service was pretty bad, I know it's busy but Attend to people spending money. We have been here 3 hrs and the service has mild improved.This place is EXPENSIVE. 2$ does not sound right.
It's closer to PF Chang of Japanese food....
Small portions 
Great place to come with a bunch of People and hang out and nibble on stuff and drink.Second time eating here.  Although I enjoyed the first time, where I was able to grab some light snacks before a show,  this time was beyond phenomenal.
   The octopus ceviche was delicious as was all the  à la carte sashimi and sushi.  Can't wait to go back and do the 10 course omakase.I had dinner at Double Knot last night with a group of 6 and it was spectacular! I had heard good things about this restaurant, but it exceeded my expectations.  We got the chef's tasting menu for 5 people and thoroughly enjoyed it. There are two options: pick your own dishes (roughly one from each section of the menu) or just let the chef choose. We did the former - pick our own - but the waitress helped guide us towards some of her favorite and/or most popular dishes. After that delicious dish after delicious dish came out as they were ready. (The 6th guest was gluten free and the waitress helped her select allergy-friendly items separately that she said she enjoyed).
We ended up with:
Yellowtail sashimi - everyone loved this - the flavors were great and fish so tender
Tuna with avocado - also a big hit and great quality fish and sauce very tasty
Japanese fried chicken - I think the restaurant is known for this - it was very good
Edamame dumpling - also one of the most popular dishes. Some thought this was a standout, others thought good, but not as thrilled
Salmon sushi roll - great quality, but less exciting than some other dishes
Octopus robatayaki - deliciously tender and well-seasoned
Rib-eye robatayaki - this was absolutely fantastic. You wouldn't think you could make a piece of rib-eye on a stick that much of a standout, but this dish melted in my mouth
Beef short rib - good sauce and flavor, but the robatayaki was better
Broiled sea bass - delicious, melts in your mouth - definitely a favorite
Crispy brussel sprouts - also got high marks from the table
Dessert: black sesame "cheesecake" tart - everyone seemed to like it and it had nice flavor, but the savory items definitely outshined the dessert
Overall, I think we all agreed there wasn't a bad dish. They were all great, with some standing out more than others, but really exceptional start to finish. We were also all impressed with the portion size.  For $55 they really give you your money's worth and portion out the items well.  We ended up taking home a few leftovers because we simply couldn't eat it all and were very full by the end.  Though, at the same time everyone did sample everything so it wasn't completely overwhelming. The chef's tasting was nice because everything came out such that we could split it equally and you get enough items that you're still feeling like you get to taste a lot of dishes.  I could see ordering a la carte being fun too, though, if everyone picks a few dishes they are excited about - not sure how it would price out if you did it that way. The cocktail menu also has a number of exciting options and we all enjoyed sampling with some advice from the waitress. 
The ambience of the restaurant is also very cool.  The top floor is more of a bar/lounge area, whereas the downstairs (where we ate) is setup like a speakeasy with a separate unmarked door and very cool vibe. We were also seated at probably the best table in the restaurant, a plush circle booth that is a few steps up from the main dining floor and overlooks the whole restaurant. It was more private and special (and comfortable) for our group, but we still got to enjoy the ambience of the downstairs restaurant.  Just lucked into this table, but would definitely request if possible in the future with an appropriate size group. Though the other tables I'm sure are fine and the food is the worth sitting at any table.
I will definitely be back to Double Knot!This place is honestly awesome. Great food, service, and environment. It's sort of a Sampan on steroids in terms of food taste and uniqueness. I highly recommend coming for  happy hour as the menu is decently sized and very affordable.Try this restaurant! Me and a friend had dinner here and were blown away by the downstairs dining room. I felt like I had left Philadelphia the vibe is really cool, dark, artsy, and unique. Our server was extremely attentive . He told us to order between 8-10 plates for 2 people so we ordered 10 plates. Ended up being a little too much as soon as the last couple came out I gave up but then again I am a 115 pound girl and there's nothing wrong with leftovers. The food was so flavorful and yummy and The drinks were unique and creative. I'm a bartender so I actually took a picture of the drink menu because I liked their liquor combinations.
All in all this is a spot to check out.. great date spot if your looking to impress!Rarely do I give out a full five but everything in this new underground gem on 13th St . Beyond the curtain at the front door lies a lively coffee shop that switches over to a bar at night and the beyond that through a back door and a staircase that makes you feel like you're in a submarine, you enter the izakaya-style speakeasy below with stunning industrial chic meets urban Yakuza den. The warmly lit bar offers thoughtfully composed takes on regular cocktails- the Manhattan turns into the Double Knot , with the snifter smoked in front of you by burning cinnamon and clove set on a strip of an old Maker's Mark barrel . The Old Fashioned is given a different twist through chocolate and whopped cream. And then moving on to the food, to get the best of the menu try the Chef's Sampler where diners have the flexibility to order ten small plates and taste across the menu. The Ponzu oyster shooter melts in your mouth. The Miitake mushrooms were grilled and were a lovely complement to the earthiness of the Double Knot. Half the menu is composed of skewer style meats and vegetables of which the Kobe style skewer was the masterpiece. The sea bass is perfectly delicate. And last but not least, the waitstaff is incredibly friendly and chatty. Because we showed up late on a Thursday night we had the pleasure of speaking to the bartenders and the Beverage Director, who lends his impressive knowledge of cocktails to the menu creation and presentation. Hearing him or the bartenders describe the thought behind the cocktails adds another layer of appreciation of their deliciousness . Almost don't want to post this review because already the place is getting crowded a week into opening! Oh and finally what an impressive add to the repertoire for Michael Schulson of Sampan and Graffiti Bar.Best happy hour in the city. 
The food is great and their mixed drinks are well done. Not cheapo wine for HH either. It can be hard to find seating but well worth the wait.Wonderful looking establishment. Two in one. Downstairs gives you a totally different look and feel than the 1st floor. Wonderful concept. 
Menu was too busy and far too complicated than needed to be. The explanations by the wait staff left you scratching your head wondering what was just said. 
In my opinion, you can be too fancy and have to many items on a menu that nothing makes any sense. At the end of the experience we finished our drinks and went elsewhere. 
Excellent  dirty martiniI've been to this place twice now, once on the company dime and once on my own. They were both pretty solid (although rarely spectacular) in terms of food. The service on my second visit was terrible. Waitress-Samantha was definitely extremely and noticeably condescending when I asked clarifying questions on their novel and complicated menu, as if I were the type of person that aspires to eat at Double Knot, I should know what these things are and not waste her valuable time. The signature cocktail was great and highly recommend anyone try it. Foodwise-this place is mostly hype and I'd skip it unless you really feel like dropping 3 times as much as you would otherwise for a plate of sushi.This was a nice new experience to share with some friends. We came here for weekend happy hour. Ordered a lot of items from the menu and we were very happy with all of our choices. Very nice atmosphere and very reasonable prices. I definitely would like to return.I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. The service is always good and their menu has so many delicious options. I would recommend this to any sushi lover! I have been here many times and I have never had something I didn't like. The only thing I noticed is the portions are a little small.We stopped in on a recommendation from the bartender at Barbuzzo down the street. Coffee cocktails? Say what!? Gorgeous relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff, and the best damn coffee cocktails in town! I had a charger and it was deliciously different. Girl had a cafe au lait with a shot of fragelico. Win, win. Come have drink and relax!Delicious food but a little in the small portion size. The downstairs dinning area is beautiful and the highlight of the dinning experience. Many gluten free options available.Great brunch of Vietnamese hash with baguette and "Good Morning Philadelphia" to drink. The hash was quite a bit heavier than anticipated, but flavor very well. The pork in the hash was cooked perfectly, but the corned beef was soggy. The drink was poured heavy, but was great. Overall, a pretty good brunch for somewhere I wandered in.Love this new addition to 13th street. Great vibe, great drinks, and lots of food to choose from. I loved the duck buns and tempura cheese curds.I guess the reason I like this restaurant are 2 major reasons: it used to be a gay porn shop but also the basement was a sex dungeon. Maybe that's where they got their name, aka glory hole filled in. The 2nd is the downstairs sushi bar reminds me of a scene in blade runner, one of my fav syfy movies. Decadence is the theme and the excellent cocktails served up with skilled bartending adds to the ambience. The charcoal'd smoky tapas is an added bonus. I  adore Asian flavored  cuisine.Best sushi in the city! The ambience is super cool! You done downstairs and it's reminiscent of a swanky NYC establishment. Drinks are top notch and the servers are extremely attentive!Great atmosphere with amazing food and service! We did the tasting menu for dinner - highly recommend. Everything we ate was absolutely delicious, and the portion sizes were perfect!Double knot is a lovely little cafe/bar next to Sampan; they make a great dirty martini and serve Sampan food as well as sushi during happy hour. The service has always been friendly and their chic kitchen meets bar look is both comforting and trendy at the same time.Went her for fiancé birthday. Place is always crowded and you need reservations. Even with reservations you're still waiting some time to eat. Hostess stand is awkwardly positioned in the far back and there isn't room to stand around waiting or ever a seat at the bar to grab a quick drink. Service downstairs is fantastic. Ordered the usual chef tasting menu which is incredible. I love the surprises and everything is always delicious. If you go, do the chef tasting. You'll get a fantastically paired course selection and often times try something new you wouldn't have ordered on your own. Courses are served as they are ready which can sometimes leave the table crowded while you work through the first dish. The plates are small, but when you get the last course you are absolutely stuffed. Drinks here are great. They have their own speciality cocktails which are good. But the bar also does a nice job on a martini. I appreciate the extra olives. Dessert came out with a little sparkler to celebrate birthday. Mochi balls are not my thing. The texture is gross. That is the only dessert option however. Aside from that, everything is a 10/10So good. Best happy hour in Philly and one of the few in philly sadly... daily 4-7 just save me a seat at the bar.  
It looks like an "above ground" speakeasy with their actual sushi speakeasy underground.
Happy hour is phenomenal.  You can have a full dinner and 6+ drinks for under $50.  Only here. Again- just save me a seat. 
Happy hour wines and sake and beer- $$4
Most food $3-4. May haves:
Fried rice with soft egg, edamame dumplings, Brussels sprouts, broccoli, noodles. Seriously a healthy meal with a healthy serving of drinks. 
First come first serve, so like I said.... save my seat!I can't believe it's taken me this long to try double knot but I will definitely say it lived up to the hype. This is a review for lunch:
As a vegetarian I got the tofu because that's the only option, but the tofu is deep fried so fair warning it's not healthy but it is delicious. I debated between the noodles or Bahn mi but decided to go bahn mi because the noodles are cold rice noodles.
I didn't get any of the toppings removed. And that is definitely the right move because it was perfect. The flavor is awesome without any added sauces but if you choose to add soy sauce or siracha it's still awesome. I thought it would be dry but it wasn't at all. And for $7 I was so satisfied. A great lunch spot! 
Also you can add egg to any of the dishes for free! Def try it out for lunch.Amazing lunch for just $7?! This place is just great!! The lunch menu is simple and delicious. I had the chicken bowl with rice - comes with egg and fish sauce and all the veggies. The ambience is so classy and the food is great. They have regulars here who dine at least once a week. Haven't tried their dinner or happy hour yet, but heard good things. But Lunch is on point!!Loved it. Fast, friendly and what an adorable place. The food was delish. Had lunch and it was $7 for an amazing meal. Had the rice bowl, meat and egg on top. Very fresh!!I have only ever been here for happy hour and it's totally worth it! The selection is great and the prices are so worth it during that time. Make sure you get there at the start of happy hour because it can get quite crowded and with the deals during that time, people can stay for awhile. The prices are reasonable so it's worth trying a little bit of everything since the size of dishes are quite tiny. The food also comes out super quickly and the ambiance and style of this place is cute and fun. I'm not a fan of brussels sprouts but there's something about the way they make it here that leaves me craving more. Their kimchi fried rice is simple but good.We were pleasantly surprised to find out this place is owned by the same people as Sampan. My boyfriend and I had some appetizers and drinks upstairswhile waiting for our table. I love that they have a coffee bar! Downstairs has a completely different vibe but the sushi was amazing.Beware of the Table for 2 seating! I'm 3/3 for getting seated at their cramped sushi bar when reservation is made for 2.  You'd think a $100 bill would get you something better than that.  Next time I'll go elsewhere when it's just me and another guest.Great new addition to Philly. The food is great and the drinks are inventive. The downstairs has a completely different vibe than upstairs and it's really cool. The upstairs converts to coffee and pastries in the morning. There is a great selection of coffee cocktails in the evening too. The design of the restaurant is cool and rustic/industrial. There aren't many seats downstairs so try to make a reservation if you can. The sushi is great and the food from neighboring sampan is delicious as always. Love the happy hour here!Came here for cocktails with a group of friends. The drinks are amazing. Try the daily double knot punch (changes) or the lovers knot. Also if you prefer wine they really fill their glasses! The vibe here is really cozy and the service is wonderful!!Note: would've rated this 3.75 / 5 but rounding down to balance out some of these other reviews.
Ambiance & space: 5/5. Modern chic, modern minimalism at its finest. The downstairs restaurant is a beautiful place to grab a meal. Immediately the pace slows down you're able to focus on the experience and the food
Food: 4/5: Food here is solid, but they try a little to hard to be Japanese or Japanese fusion while satisfying American tastes. I don't think you can have it both ways. We tried the blind chef's tasting menu and I'd say half the dishes were excellent, new, etc. while the other half were stale and underwhelming.
Service: 3/5. Perhaps the most disappointing part of the meal. Ryan was nice and professional, but he put forth zero effort to make us feel welcome at the restaurant. Inattentive, didn't bring any energy to our table even though he was jovial and made the rounds with all his other patronsDelicious. Just delicious. Went for dinner with my 13 year old son and they could not have been nicer. Amazing food and lovely attentive service. Tuna tartare and cod fried rice and fried chicken and gorgeous hand rolls.I had an excellent experience at Double Knot. Showed up for dinner by myself and walked into a chaotic and busy happy hour scene. I was directed downstairs where there was a much more comfortable vibe, a handful of tables and people at the sushi bar ordering dinner. I was seated at the bar (past the sushi/grill area), and was served by a bartender who was incredibly thoughtful and attentive, even as the downstairs area started to fill up. 
Here is what I ordered:
Shishito peppers (it's a whole bowlful!)
Spicy tuna handroll (not cone-shaped, and I found this challenging to eat with my hands. The tuna kept slipping out! All in all, yummy.)
Edamame dumplings (my favorite by far)
Pork belly robatayaki (melt-in-your-mouth amazingness)
Drinks:
Double Knot
Savoy Knot
Pocket Knot (perfect dessert drink for me!)So, I ended up at Double Knot last weekend when one of the Sampan waiters mentioned it. We weren't planning on staying but got a drink because I was in love with the eclectic-speakeasy-asian-fusion-coffee shop atmosphere. Lets just say all four of us enjoyed our bourbon and gin based drinks. The bartenders are no joke; they really know what they're doing. We didnt get a chance to try out the food, but I shall be back! Lastly, I loved the concept of having a lounge like coffee shop with a back door leading to the underground speakeasy area. I highly recommend checking it out even if its just for a drink and to check out this new concept!*Lunch review* I stumbled in here finally on a Friday afternoon when I was dining solo and wanted a change of pace. I am SO GLAD I did!!! I was greeted warmly by one of the employees. I told him I was a first timer so he gave me a great overview. Seat yourself for lunch (smallish seating area - probably about 20-30 max). Full coffee and liquor bar, pastries and also a small lunch menu. Very cozy and inviting. 
For the lunch items, you choose a protein and a preparation. I went with pork banh mi to-go. Only $7! I was expecting a tiny portion but it was actually quite filling and probably the best banh mi I've ever had. So fresh and flavorful. I was delighted. 
The to-go presentation is also top notch. The sandwich comes in a sturdy cardboard box and then is placed in a paper bag. Also - the napkins are the highest quality paper napkins I've ever experienced. (Possibly what nudged them to 5 stars but I was already pretty excited before I wiped my mouth). Overall - a joyous experience from start to finish and I can't wait to go back for dinner (and coffee!)Yum! I came here for happy hour since Sampan was full. They serve a ton of the same items that Sampan has (edamame dumplings and fried rice, anyone?) and have the best spicy tuna roll I have ever had in my life. The salmon avocado roll was also very very good. I highly recommend this place for happy hour. Get there early as it can also get crowded fast!Great place for Japanese tapas, sushi and skewers! Came here for dinner since Sampan was booked and I was pleasantly surprised. The concept is pretty similar in that there are a bunch of different categories of tapas to choose from (cold, crispy, small, skewers, sushi, meats, seafood, sides) but Double Knot is more focused on Japanese cuisine so there was a lot of robatayaki (charcoaled grilled skewers) and sushi/sashimi options.
The food wasn't the best but it's good! Definitely want to come back for happy hour.
Cold - Octopus Carpaccio - Fresh and tender but not much flavor
Hamachi - Couldn't taste much of the fish, was a little bland
Small - Edamame dumplings - One of my favorites! Tastes like the one at sampan.
Duck Bao Bun - Wasn't anything really special, but thinking it's because this came out last and we were really full by then.
Sides - Black Miso Cod Fried Rice - A little more on the sweeter side. I prefer the kimchi fried rice.
Specialty Sashimi - Yellowtail - the fish was good and fresh but the yuzu sauce was too strong for me.
Scallops - So fresh and soft, melts in your mouth.
Robatayaki - Scallop, lamb chop, and ribeye were all delicious and had a nice charcoal taste to them.
Sushi - Toro - SO DELICIOUS. Can't go wrong with toro.
Unagi - It came out a little burnt but was still good nevertheless.
Kobe - My friend got this and really liked it.Wow.    Super shitty   Can handle a reservation.  Arrived at 10. Got seated at 11 and told that they only have cafe menu....One of the most disappointing diners I have had in a very long time.  We had a reservation for 8.30 on a Wed night, arrived early at 8.20. By 9.10. We were still waiting.  When I asked the hostess if it would be much longer, she was rather rude, responding," the people at your table are sitting- maybe they are having drinks or something-  don't know." She was clearly irritated that I was even bothering her (in fact she was too busy looking down at her ipad to even look up at me when she was speaking- I suppose I am just not cool enough to be worthy of her time.) 
9:15- just as my husband and I are about to walk out, the hostess and her attitude  saunter over to let us know that our table is ready. She indicates she will be sending over complementary appetizers because of the wait- ok, thanks, but I'd rather pass on the free food, in favor of being seated on time and without the attitude. We go downstairs, hoping to put the upstairs experience behind us. We are greeted by another hostess who takes us to our table- which shockingly is next to two other empty tables. In fact, there are several empty tables  scattered about, including several that remain empty throughout the entirety of our dinner. 
We are greeted by out server. I ask for a cocktail recommendation and she suggests something called "the lashing"- "it's nice..has bubbles." The drink arrives by way of another server- who calls it something else. I look at her a bit bewildered, but try it anyway. Not sure what it was, but it tasted like cough syrup and there were definitely no bubbles- our server takes it away (she is clearly now annoyed- her "whatever" attitude echos that of the unpleasant hostess), and I opt to skip the cocktails tonight. The menu is a bit overwhelming. Our sever gives us a brief rundown of the menu (very appreciated), but fails to make any recommendations or tell us about any featured items (which we overhear other servers telling other tables). We order salmon sashimi (good), many of the fish and meat grilled skewers (all so salty I couldn't taste anything but salt), the broiled sea bass (the best thing we ate), and several other forgettable small plates (all mediocre at best) . We also ordered the edamame dumpling, but our server indicated she would be sending this over as a complementary appetizer because of the wait- so we should order something else, (which is why we ordered the sashimi). Well, the edamame dumpling- the one thing we really wanted to try-never arrived. Again, I don't need or want free food- I just want the food I order without the drama and attitude. 
The check was on the table practically the same time the plates were cleared- no lingering "with drinks" here for us- again, I guess we don't make the cool cut. Such a disappointment- definitely will not be back.Excellent! Highly recommend the edamame dumplings, the crispy wings and the shishito peppers. In sides, the yakisoba and the brussel sprouts were great. I had some skewers and my friend did the sushi. All were great. If you like a little of everything - this is the type of place that makes that possible. Service was also excellent and the waiters will guide you through the many options. This is a very trendy spot but without a trendy "attitude". A few people gave some guidance relative to what you do when you get there. It is confusing.  If you booked for the restaurant (versus bar and happy hour) you need to walk past diners, the bar and to the back where there's a hostess station. They'll direct you downstairs. It can be a bit crowded but everyone is there for the amazing food so it's all good.This review is just for the happy hour here .
So accommodating and a really easy going place. The bartenders are so friendly and their happy hour drinks for 4$ and grub for around the same is phenomenal. I'll surely be trying out their dinner menu sometime.Fresh and tasty -- the lighting could do better since we had to hold the candle to see the menu. Good spot to have a date but the portions are not meant for a hungry dayAwful service. Their food is hit or miss. I gave them a shot but after three subpar or worse experiences, I'm giving up.Upstairs the music is too loud. Downstairs the food is delicious, menu offers variety, and the music is not too loud so you can have a conversation, The servers encourage you to order a lot of dishes all at one time. Then it comes out very fast. The table is too small and you will feel rushed. Best to order drinks and only two small plates at a time.After reading the Yelp reviews, reading professional write-ups and word of mouth, I finally made my way to Double Knot. As with a Double Knot, there are two ties in my dining adventure. 
Happy Hour:
With back up plans in mind (Sampan or Graffiti Bar), we luckily scored the corner booth near the hostess stand right away. Let the happiest of hours commence! The happy hour was as great as everyone says. I got attached to the $4 cocktail of the day called Air Mail made up of vodka, grapefruit, bubbles and one other awesome flavor I cannot remember but enjoyed. 
We then let the $3 and $4 plates flow. We immediately ordered the short rib and swordfish meatball robatayaki since our server mentioned they take a little longer to prepare. We enjoyed our favorites from Sampan like the edamame dumplings and roasted broccoli, and some Double Knot newbies like the short rib chow fun and a few sushi rolls. All the food was on point. 
All food is brought to the table when ready and it really did flow nicely, especially in a beat-the-clock happy hour setting. Our server was ever so nice to tell us when happy hour was ending in case we wanted to put in another order. We had other plans and headed downstairs to continue the journey with our dinner reservation.
Downstairs Dining:
My favorite part of the downstairs dining room was by far the atmosphere. The stairway down even had a nice smell to it, like a yoga study misted with lavender minus any sort of sweat. The ambiance was a dark and sexy, but not the least bit scary. The words medieval or dungeon come to mind, but there's still an air of class and upbeat vibe based on some of the wall art. 
I wasn't thrilled that they originally sat us at the bar, even with a reservation, however they quickly moved us upon request. The tables were tight and we absolutely heard every word of the pairs on either side, but I guess that's the price you pay to eat at one of the hottest restaurants in the city. 
We both ordered the Two Lovers Knot cocktail, which was almost 3x the cost of a happy hour beverage. Happy hour isn't available ever downstairs. Pricy only in comparison, it was still tasty nonetheless. 
To eat we went with the New York Strip Steak, which came prepared sliced and in a delectable sauce. Although ordered medium rare, there were a few pieces that were a little chewy. The flavor of the sauce almost made up for the meat imperfection. We also ordered the bacon yakisoba which ended up having a fish sauce and mushrooms, not mentioned on the menu. Despite a few discouraging items, it turned out to be pretty tasty. 
The style of the restaurant is to receive the food as it comes, but we certainly felt rushed. Perhaps we needed to order more downstairs to alleviate that concern, but it's hard to justify paying more just to sit downstairs. 
Overall:
The same things I love about Sampan and Graffiti Bar, I loved about Double Knot. The food was great and the happy hour was killer. The atmosphere downstairs was like nothing else I've seen in Philly (or most places, really), but you'll probably find me upstairs enjoying their happy hour. If you have some money to throw around, I'd absolutely recommend going to town downstairs.Looking for a place to take your date on an interesting, fun, and nom-ing Friday night dinner date? Then you have just discovered the place where you will want to take him/her and need not look any further but be sure to make reservations! From cocktail drinks and sake to small shareable-sized plates, Double Knot has it all and I would definitely recommend it as a must-go!
All of the foods we ordered was very delicious and are ranked below in order of most recommended:
Edamame dumpling (the favorite)
- Comes in an order of 4 and is soupy, light, soft, and fresh!
Karaage (Japanese fried chicken bites)
- Lightly fried bite-sized chicken pieces with mayo dipping sauce on the side. Don't forget to squeeze that lemon all over the dish to open up the flavors!
Black cod fried rice
- Good portion of perfectly fried rice with cod. Make a meal out of it and order it with the karaage and brussels sprouts!
Crispy brussels sprouts
- Everyone's favorite leafy vegetable crisply done right...definitely better than I expected!
Quail and Lamb Robata
- The quail came with some bones (obviously), but not too many, and it was flavorful and tasted like chicken! The lamb was juicy and tender and I'd prefer it over the quail because it's just easier to eat. I wasn't too impressed with the skewers as they are pretty small in size.Great atmosphere for couple or/and group of friends. We waited upstairs for a while to get a table downstairs but definately worth the wait.Came here for dinner and got crispy Brussels sprouts, sushi, tofu tacos and soup. The Brussels sprout and tofu tacos were incredible. Sushi and soup was good and comparable to many other places in the city.I tend to be pretty picky about sushi rice and this place does a decent job. I enjoyed the duck bao buns. Our waitress was very nice.
If you're dining downstairs the hostess is way in the back of the upstairs. Totally bad spot and while our reservation was for 5pm the restaurant wasn't ready until 10+ minutes after. Maybe because all the wait staff came in late with coffee and gossip. Once we were seated for the first bit all I heard was the gossip of wait staff hanging around. While I guess entertaining, really loud.
We did $80 tasting. Overall decent but not a ton of food. We supplemented with buns and two orders of special sashimi. Worst sashimi ever!!! Terrible cuts of fish! For 2 our bill was over $175...I'd like some decent sashimi. Don't even bother. Yes Asian fusion is fun, but way better sushi and sashimi elsewhere. Overpriced experice of small portions and spotty service.First and foremost, this place is beautiful! Such great decor and lighting, you can't help yourself but want to take pictures of it all! The concept here is pretty cool. Cafe style with morning pastries in morning through the lunch hours, $7 fixed lunch option and then bar and Asian fusion plates in the evening. Came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon with my boyfriend. We ordered a pork Bahn mi and rice with chicken bowl. Pretty great option for lunch and only $7. We then quickly snagged two lounge chairs in the front entrance that was very well lit, next to bookcases. 
It was quite busy when we arrived so the food came to our table in a timely manner considering. I got the Bahn mi and my boyfriend got the rice and chicken bowl. My Bahn mi was pretty good, I've had better and for cheaper. The pork was well seasoned, but for the amount of bread I wish there was more filling. My boyfriend liked his rice bowl and we really enjoy the atmosphere. Would love to come back during happy hour and try out the drinks and snacks!!That is good, food is delicious and cheap, even it's not happy hour. Wish I was drinking here with the tapas.We've been a number of times and recently celebrated our anniversary. We once again went with the tasting menu and everything was delicious. I'm not a big fan of chicken but tried their "chicken nuggets" and they were amazing. Our server Shane was so knowledgeable and her recommendations were perfect.  She had us try a few things that we wouldn't have tried and I am so glad we did.  The manager Laurant was so sweet, checking on us during our meal and even sent over champagne and sparklers to help us celebrate. This is my absolute favorite restaurant in the city (making Sampan my second favorite). 
Thank you for the wonderful evening!I had my first visit to Double Knot last night when I scored a last minute reservation on Vday for 5:45 with my sister and her husband.  We had drinks at the wine bar next door and had high hopes for dinner here.  We were not disappointed!
I loved the ambiance when you walked in: couches, comfy chairs, book shelves and a bar.  The bar has a huge punch bowl with their signature drink and the place is just dark enough to settle in for a good time.  I hate a bright bar! Around the corner is more seating for a bigger menu but downstairs was the real treat.
We were instructed to walk down the steps to the left.  It felt like walking into a romantic dungeon in a castle, candles everywhere and various different table options.  If you have a group ask for the couch style table up to the left.  We loved the menu, and ordered a ton of Robatayaki: highly recommend the octopus and short rib.  The octopus was the best we ever had seasoned & grilled perfectly, we probably ordered 6! 
Our table ordered the Double Knot signature cocktail which is a bourbon drink that comes out on a smoked plank on fire, very cool presentation and great flavor.  We also got the two lovers knot which is a mix of champagne and vodka and not to sugary to stop you from ordering another.
This was a romantic type date but I think this would also be a great place to come with a group of girlfriends looking for more of a tapas size portion to accompany drinks.  I can not wait to go back both to eat and then just stop in for a perfect coffee.  Thank you Micheal Shulson for giving us yet another fabulous place to eat, drink and be seen.  I was already in love with Izakaya in AC and Sampan/Graffiti bar.  In a city with a million choices I will be back as soon as possible!One of the best/most fun dinners I've had in a while. Awesome wait staff that seems genuinely excited about the food, and everything we ate (tasting menu, so 10 different things) was delicious. 
It can be a bit hectic in there, so perhaps it's not a relaxing meal, but definitely worth the trip.Food was phenomenal, drinks were on point, relaxed city ambience great for dates. Think they sprinkled molly in the food, was a wonderful nightStruggled between 3.5 and 4 stars. Beautiful space-very modern and dark. Happy hour specials are great as are the cocktails. This place gets incredibly crowded and service is slow and at times disorganized. We have friends who have eaten downstairs and rave about it. Might try hh during the week next time instead of on a Friday night.I have been to DK many times and it has been going downhill on each visit. Last night was just a trigger that made me write what I experienced. Fish quality is better than most sushi restaurants in Philadelphia. However, I was very turned off by anything outside fresh fish. Rice at 11:30pm was dry and stale - its been kept longer than optimal time of use. So I should have had sashimi - not sushi - unfortunately. Crab Udon I was served had stale somen that's been over cooked like sponge. First udon is a thick kind of noodles not somen. Second somen itself was neither fresh nor edible. The manager tried to compensate it by offering a pork bun dish. Pork belly salami was most disgusting piece of meat I have ever tasted. I start questioning what is going on at this restaurant. They are proud of changing menu o teams but keeping what's good is probably the best strategy.What a neat happy hour find in Philly!
From the outside, it's very unassuming, and inside it has a sort of lounge-y speakeasy feel. Would definitely suggest coming early to try and nab a seat for happy hour prices - it's a great deal! $3-$4 on small plates and drinks.
We ordered quite a bit, including:
-Edamame dumplings - not super-filling, but good if you like that truffle taste
-Salmon roll - average
-Kobe slider - a little on the dry side, but does well to fill you up
-Kim chee fried rice - not too spicy, which is nice; also helps to fill you up for a meal
-Short rib robatayaki - THIS WAS THE DISH. Super tender, really delicious and flavorful for each bite.
It was a really great deal for the different kinds of food we ate, and I'd be down to come again.Great ambiance and I love the small plate format. It's like tapas for Asian fusion plates. The prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly.  It's worth the trip.Can't believe this place only has 4 stars. I'd easily give it six. This is my favorite restaurant in the city and a perfect place for special occasions or just a regular night when you want to feel special. The food is spectacular, the staff is amazing and the drinks are perfectly balanced. Come here as often as your budget allows.This place is AMAZING.  I mean, anything from the same people that brought us Sampan is bound to be good, but wow. I might even like this place more than its neighbor.  You enter to a bar sort of area, it seems like the restaurant but don't be fooled--you must walk to the back and be sent down a mysterious stairwell.  The actual restaurant is down below.  Once seated, get ready for an amazing meal.  
PRO TIP: Vegetarians: ask for the vegan menu!!  There is a whole array of options and every thing I have had thus far has been stellar.  Favorites: the edamame dumplings (of course), the robataki mushrooms, the tacos (also mushroom, don't miss out on this).  I don't even like mushrooms that much, but these guys take it to another level.  My date also tried the eel (loved it) and tuna cracker (loved it).  Everything looks delicious and i cannot wait to go back for more!!  Personally, I love tapas style dining, where you can order lots of small dishes and share more/try more.  Its so fun! The drink menu is also great and be aware that the cocktail menu upstairs is different than the one downstairs.  They also do a happy hour, upstairs only, but good luck... we walked in for a 515pm reservation on a wednesday, and every seat at the bar and bar tables was full!!We sat in the lower level dining area which had a cool vibe. 
We ordered the following:
- Edamame dumplings
- Japanese fried chicken (would not order this again... it's pretty much small cubes of fried chicken... it just wasn't what I was expecting)
- Shrimp tempura tacos 
- Uni sushi (first time trying uni... did not love it or hate it... it just lacked flavor but it tasted fresh and I'm glad I checked it off of my list of things to try)
- Shrimp tempura roll 
- Black cod fried rice
- Crispy brussel sprouts 
- Robatayaki (lobster claw, octopus, kobe beef)I hate making yelp reviews as I was in the service industry BUT I HAD TO MAKE A REVIEW FOR THIS PLACE! This restaurant was absolutely spectacular! My date and I made reservations and were seated at the sushi bar downstairs, not ideal but who cares the food was amazing! We had the chefs special 60/person and we let our server, David, pick our dishes. He asked if we had restrictions which we replied as long as food is not moving we are good. All of our dishes were small tapa sizes and David nailed all of his choices. We couldn't even decide which we disliked because it was all so delicious! Our beverages were amazing as well!!! We will definitely be back! Thanks David And thanks Double Knot! Best place in philly!This is an awesome place for happy hour and for a nice dinner! Their downstairs seating is super trendy. The staff is excellent! Their kimchi rice, sushi, and dumplings are amazing. It can get crowded during happy hour so try to get there early but it's definitely worth the wait! Perfect location!My review is based purely on the cafe/bar experience. I've heard their sushi restaurant is top notch but I've not had the chance to try it.  
Their baristas do a great job making lattes and their elixir coffee drip is great. They often have a large selection of snacks available as well until about 4pm ( I think they transition it more to a restaurant at that point). They are friendly and the place is very cool to have a meeting or just enjoy your drink in the dark.  Love it.New bar by the people of Sampam and Grafitti Bar, I was actually debating whether they were also physically connected but didn't wonder around to figure it out. I went for HH.  It's a white/red wine of the day and a cocktail of the day.  If you like one of the 'of the day' specials it's great value otherwise just standard bar pricing.  Food came fairly fast. I really liked the chicken bao bun but my friend rice was average.  It's always fun to check out somewhere new and I liked my early evening spent there.  There was nothing bad but also nothing that is rushing me to return.Never again will I spend money at this establishment.  I've never been treated in an unwelcoming, disrespectful way at any restaurant in Philly, like I was last weekend at Double Knot.  
+The wait staff was extremely rude  
+We were a party of five that wanted to go downstairs for drinks the young lady mentioned  
  there was a wait, therefore we said "ok we will sit upstairs since there is not a wait". 
+Sat at the tables along the wall with the couches (that are first come fist serve)
+Server comes over asked if we were sitting there even though we were all sitting and ask if    
  we were eating, response:  "were just having drinks", she wouldn't serve us, told us we have 
  to go to the bar & we couldn't sit there just for drinks(with a nasty attitude).  
+I was at Double Knot 5 weeks ago sitting in the same spot, and only ordered drinks.  I'm not 
  understanding why this night was any different.  They were not busy at all.  Sad I've been to 
  Double Knot many times, however they staff is the downfall of this establishment.Really cool spot! Gotta get reservation though! A must!!! Y'all love the the food and cocktails!Rustic urban, quaint yet chic bar with amazing drinks and excellent service! Would highly recommend for a night out with friends or date night. Most people wait in the bar area for a table downstairs for dinner but also just a great spot for HH or early drinks before a big night out. Love the extended rustic wooden bar!Nice and quaint, wonderful happy hour specials, but our service sucked! We waited forever to be served only to be served coffee with no stirrer, or sugar and sushi with no wassabi. Not to mention, I damn near died from thirst waiting to be given a glass of water. I ordered the fried rice, shrimp tempura rolls and a cup of coffee. The total cost was only $11. I plan on going back because the food was yummy and again, only $11, I will just pray for a different waitress. This location is small and gets crowded, so be prepared for a short wait and tight seating.Bartender was the most attentive I've ever had. After a really long Saturday at work I appreciated the service. He made me a 1-of-a-kind drink that was the most delicious thing I ever had but too many ingredients to remember. I was just happy to sit at the bar and have a minute to decompress. 
I had been to Double Knot before for happy hour, where seating is first come first served. Apparently there are other levels to the restaurant, only been on the main one. You can get small sharable plates that are suprisingly filling. I haven't eaten very many things there but all that I've had I've enjoyed. Obviously if you have fish allergies be careful on what you order. I think it would be a good date night because the seating offers intimate nooks and the environment is very low lit but the decor is a nice mix of billowy warmth and flair.Just went here tonight with several friends, had a reservation, the decor was nice, lots of dark woods, but the sushi wasn't. I ordered the Japanese Mackerel Sushi, which was expensive, and only came with a very small piece for $4, the taste was so-so, it's difficult to get fresh mackerel sushi here on the east coast, so probably not the best pick!  Ikura Sushi was $5, and again was very small,  a miniature portion, and not the best ikura, and the  Tamago (egg) sushi which is basically a sweet omelet on sushi rice, was $2 and was not bad, and one spicy tuna roll which was $8.00 and was very tiny. Overall for $19.00 worth of sushi, I was expecting better quality, if the quantity was going to be half of what it is at the usual sushi bar, and after living in Japan, where most orders of sushi comes with two pieces, and other sushi bars I visited on the west coast and east coast  have two pieces. The waitstaff kept talking about how the menu is built around sharing, but with single pieces of sushi and minuscule skewers of meat my friends ordered it seems more like appetizers for one. Also on the waitstaff, it felt rushed, they brought out our food very quickly, and once realizing we weren't ordering anymore, they stopped refilling our waters, a sign they wanted us to leave, we were only there for 45 minutes, not a place for a leisure time with friends, or to relax.What a great new restaurant for center city! The ambiance here is phenomenal and the happy hour can't be beat. It's Sampam food (yum yum) plus various sushi rolls. The drinks on happy hour are also very cheap (with a very heavy hand pour). The booths on the side are all first come, first serve, so come early and ready for a great time! Also, I'm not supposed to tell, but there's a secret Japanese sushi bar downstairs. It has a completely different vibe and it's very speak-easy-ish. Very cool!!!! Yum yum yum, I will be back!!Excellent small plate menu.  Happy hour $4 drink specials and quite a few options for small plates.  Got out for under $100 for three of us including tip and I think we ordered 9 or 10 small plates.  We ate outside and enjoyed the people watching.  Would definitely go again.Went here last Thursday. On this particular night, there were barely any people in the street and the city was dead. However when I went into this place it felt as if all the people in the city were here. The environment was so warm and intimate. The portions for the dinner menu are very small so they recommend 2-3 plates per person, which if you are especially hungry, I recommend 4 to 5. They also serve the food as soon as it is ready so it's nice and hot when you eat it. I highly recommend the robatyaki steak. We ordered several of them because they give you a small strip at a time and they are so juicy and marinated so well. I also recommend the sushi. I got the avocado salmon and spicy tuna roll. Both were delicious and very tasty. I also highly recommend the scallops, wild mushroom gyoza, and the bacon wrapped asparagus!This Japanese fusion cafe/restaurant/bar is the place to take your out-of-town friends if you want to wow them with 'city food' and culture. I had a delicious rice bowl. The poached egg was cooked to perfection, and oozed deliciously into all the nooks and crannies of my dish. They've got you covered while you're out and about during the day, and their night scene is just as enticing. Can't wait to go back.This is the fourth time I have been to Double Knot in three months and if I was in Philly more the visits would be higher.  Every time I do the chef tasting and there has never been an item served that wasn't amazing!!!!  And even as good as the food is the service. Ask for Danielle or Christina and you will never want to be served by anyone else. Service amazing!!!  Food amazing!!!  Ambiance amazing!!!!  I would give it 10 stars if I could!!!!Delish pour over coffee.  Barista was friendly and the atmosphere is eclectic. It's not that big so I would recommend reservations if you are planning on eating dinner here.  We went in at 3pm to find out the kitchen was closed until 4.  That was a bummer but we grabbed a beer and coffee and headed to the next spot...Finally made it here after hearing a friend rave about it for about a month. It lived up to expectations! It was interesting getting to it - had to ask several people how to get downstairs but everyone was very courteous. Interesting decor, we sat at the bar and just watched the insanity and confusion that was the kitchen. Somehow, everything came together seamlessly. Our waiter, Jason, was awesome! We went with the chef's selection and he shared some of his preferences which were spot on. Our favorites were the Kobe Beef Robatayaki, Edamame Dumplings and the Black Cod Fried Rice. The Japanese Fried Chicken and NY Steak were items I would suggest you passing on - there was nothing special about them. All of the other dishes were very good. The food came out at a very steady rate, since we sat at the bar, we were concerned that there would be crowded plates but nope, no issues there. Even though the dishes were small plates, we were very full by the time we finished. Packed the fried rice to go and it was still delicious for lunch. The wait staff was great - many people helped with dropping off plates, filling up water, picking up empty plates. I am definitely coming back!Excellent cuisine and service. Price is reasonable. The downstairs eating area was a little cramped but still could hold a quiet conversation. I would definitely recommend.Really wanted to like this place, but for the value just can't justify the visit. 
The atmosphere is gorgeous, we went downstairs and just a great vibe, industrial setting with exposed brick and pipes. Lit with candles and was extremely romantic. 
The bar had some unusual drinks with unique offerings. For the bourbon drinker in the area, it had a unique spin on some interesting tastes. 
The food was ok. The portions are just so small, I realize it is suppose  to be swanky, but I dropped $100 or so and left hungry.  The rolls were underwhelming. 
I did enjoy the eight different tastes that we had, but nothing jumped off the plate. 
Edaname Dumplings were interesting and so was the octopus. Go for light plates, but don't expect to be full. 
Service was meh. Waitress was a tad rude to my GF, so I guess that threw us off a bit.Asian influence, hip staff and inexpensive, delicious lunch!  We arrived based on a Yelp search, seeking Sushi, which they had as take-out only.  They serve variations on one bowl of a starch, vegetable and choices of protein.  I had rice noodles with a fish sauce, cilantro and other delicious raw morsels and a bit of chicken.  Choices of a few sauces for topping and spice if preferred.  Good hot green tea.
Very healthy, a perfect lunch in downtown!Double knot is great. It's more of a restaurant than a bar. The hostess has to take you to the bar, you cannot just walk in and sit down. 
So, the sushi is very good. On a scale of other places in Philly, it's better than Zama and not as good as Morimoto. It is less expensive than Morimoto. 
The restaurant is beautifully designed. It's dark and wonderful. Once you get to it, the bar is great and the bartenders are knowledgable. It's clearly quite popular with the 13th street crowd. The flaw in the design is the seating at the tables. Go to the bar. The seating at the tables either leaves you constantly being jostled or on a shallow bench. Very strange since so much thought and effort obviously went into the design.Would you like to eat sushi in a dungeon that was formerly an adult cinema? 
Since I already know that your answer is an enthusiastic yes, let it be known that this is the place for you!
The truth is, I'm always down for sushi. But when your coworker tells you that we're going to a new restaurant, with a chic, speak-easy-like essence and that we'd be having dinner essentially in an alluring, mysterious and beautiful cave-life setting, it's hard to manage the anticipation. 
I wish I could do it all again, because I'm sure there are a million things that I would notice and appreciate the second time dining, but after just one visit I'm sold. 
If a guy took me here on a first date, there is a damn good chance he'd get a second date. It's that kind of place. But not because it's pretentious or fancy or because the wax dripped candles probably make anyone look good, but because it's different, with amazing food and service.
My co-worker that took me there was none other than Yelp Philly's fabulous Community Manager, Michelle C so if you've read her review, you'll know she was already quickly becoming a regular here. With that knowledge at hand and complete trust in her taste, the rest of our party pretty much trusted her to order a few dishes that we would all share. Unfortunately, that means that I cannot remember specifically everything that I tried aside from the ever memorable edamame dumplings and the black cod. Everything else was just a delicious blur.
I hope this remains one of Michelle's favorite spots for awhile, since I will probably always ask her if she'd like to grab dinner here when I'm in town. Also, slightly jealous that there is no Double Knot in DC,  all the more reason to look forward to my adventures in Philly!I am only rating this place a 1 star because I have to. The service is by far the worse I have ever seen. I tried this place last week and could not get served. I heard great things about this place so I tried again Friday night. Our plans were to have drinks in the basement. My wife and I walked in at 6:30. We gave our name and phone number so we would receive a text when they were ready to seat us at the bar. They told us an hour to an hour and a half. No problem, we walked across the street to Barbuzzo had a drink there and when we were leaving we received the text, right on time at 7:45. We walked in three minutes later, the women asked us to give her a few minutes while she sat her other reservations. We waited a few minutes, then the women called us over to walk us down to the basement to the bar. When we got down there we were told Oh sorry we do not have any room I apologize but we are not ready for you yet. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? WHY WOULD YOU TEXT ME AND THEN TELL ME HERE IS NO ROOM. SMH. I WOULD NEVER VISIT THID PLACE AGAIN. NEVER. THE SERVICE IS VERY POOR.Our food was amazing and our waiter was very accommodating. I loved the tasting menu so that we could wrap our heads around all of the complicated but delicious choices. The only downside was that we had to wait about 20 minutes past our reservation time for a table. Other than that, it was great!What a jewel on 13th Street. This is a cozy, romantic, dark restaurant. This is what you imagine a center city bar and restaurant should be. We don't leave fishtown often but this is on the list as a destination. We had the chef's choice tasting. Highly recommended and everything was good. Similar to the style right next door at Sampan, which is in my top 5. Date night or group outing this place is right for both. The Upstairs bar is the scene. A place to see and be seen.The food here is great but reservations are useless. I've come here three times, and each time the wait for the table was at least 15 minutes long, despite confirming the reservation. If you don't mind poor service, then this is a great place for the food and drinks.We grabbed a quick bite at Happy Hour (small plates) before a show. The edame dumplings, vegetable dumplings & the brussel sprouts were my favorites. Our server was helpful & quick. We left satisfied with full bellies & a small check.It was a godawful sweltering afternoon when I made my way from the train station to the Double Knot to meet friends for dinner.  Slightly disheveled and sweating, we descended to the quietly lit downstairs portion of the restaurant where our mood and comfort instantly changed for the better.  Black wrought iron fencing, Japanese wall hangings and little dining alcoves scattered here and there gave the feeling that we had stumbled into a very secret, very comfortable and very hip pirate's lair somewhere deep beneath the city.  This is a place that invites you to never leave and to share whispered gossipy confidences or conspire with friends to plot your next crazy adventure.  I plan on going back just to hang out more downstairs and soak up the atmosphere.         
   The downstairs menu of the Double Knot is all about small plates and sharing although they do have some dinner-sized offerings.  Sashimi, sushi and robatayaki choices are sprinkled across the menu and everything we ordered overflowed with flavor dancing delicately on our palates.  The Yellow Tail and Hamachi were so fresh and light I thought I was dining near the ocean on the coast of Japan.  The black cod fried rice was just the right mix with an earthiness to it offset by the tender bits of cod.  We also tried the edamame dumpling (bursting with flavor) plus a couple of sushi rolls.  The glazed salmon was very tender and the sea bass melted on the tongue.  I strongly suspect that everything else on the menu is just as delectable as what we enjoyed that evening.  Next time, we plan on giving the Chef's Tasting menu a try.  If you get there before we do, let me know how it goes!
   My bottom line on the Double Knot is that it's new, it's hip, the menu is fresh and flavorful and the service outstanding.  Dine downstairs and I promise that you will feel like you've been given VIP  access to dine in one the city's most secret underground enclaves.  This is my new favorite place in Center City.Despite a mistake about a reserved table, this is still hands down one of my favorite spots.  Food, service, and atmosphere.  For me personally, service can make a 4 star rating a 5 star rating.  The food was just as excellent as the first time.  The Kobe beef being one of the best things I've ever ate.  But the server, the same as a couple of years ago, makes the top of my list when it comes to best servers in the city.  We've had a few.  David is a pro and makes what would have been a 4 star rating, a 5.  I would have appreciated a round of drinks for the mishap but the 2 complimentary apps were fair and David made up for everything else.I had their tasting menu ($60) with 10 selections + mochi. I let the chef choose my dishes, and here's what I got:
From specialty sashimi, the salmon with spicy ponzu and soy ginger. The salmon was nice, but the ponzu completely overpowered the fish.
From cold, the ceviche with kampachi, mango, and yuzu kosho ponzu. Also not my favorite, something about the flavors didn't sit right with me. It was pretty zingy.
From sushi/sashimi, the toro nigiri. It was really good toro and melted in my mouth.
From crispy, the shrimp taco with radish, chili, and avocado. The shrimp could've been crispier, but I really liked the creamy avocado at the bottom, and the flavors all balanced nicely.
From small, the edamame dumplings. This dish was my favorite of the evening. Edamame dumplings don't sound like much but these were creamy and delicious, and the accompanying broth tasted a lot like shiitake mushrooms.
From the robatayaki, the octopus and the rib eye scallion. The octopus was a bit overcooked and had too much sauce. The rib eye scallion was juicy, but I felt like the scallions could have had so much more flavor. I'm not sure how they managed to make scallions so tasteless, but they succeeded.
From the fish, the broiled seabass with truffle soy and pea shoots. I was pleasantly surprised by this dish, since the fish was very flaky but fatty enough to maintain its juiciness. My only complaint was that it was on the salty side.
From the sides, the black cod fried rice with miso caramel. The rice itself was prepared well, but I'm not a huge fan of sweeter dishes. Miso has a great depth of flavor, and I felt like this dish was missing some of that.
For ice cream mochi I got orange creamsicle, Belgian chocolate, and vanilla chocolate chip. They weren't anything special, and at this point I just sat there thinking really? After giving me all the least adventurous dishes you could've picked, these are the flavors you give me. I was expecting flavors much more interesting than this (like black sesame perhaps?).
That was all I got. At this point, you might be thinking, but wait. You said there were 10 selections + mochi, I only see 9 selections + mochi. Where in the world is the tenth dish? Trust me, I was wondering the same thing. Apparently because I was a solo diner, I only got 9 selections. This fact was not made apparent to me at the start of my meal, and as a result, I was pretty annoyed when I found out I would only get 9 dishes at the same price of 10. In case any of you decide to go solo at the restaurant, just keep this in mind.
All in all, this meal was incredibly ordinary. None of the dishes besides the edamame dumplings stood out to me. The chef's choices of dishes were also really boring. If you're looking for something more adventurous, I would recommend choosing your own meal.Excellent food and ambience! We ordered from the happy hour menu. All my girlfriends were amazed by the flavors of every dish! Reasonably priced cocktails and wine at happy hour. Will definitely be back!The place was really well designed. The dishes were creative and well rounded. The portions were small but priced accordingly. My main problem was that all of the cooked dishes were way too salty.So I just reviewed Harp & Crown and think that that review could be used here as well, except that I didn't have any dessert here. Again, the decor is fabulous! I love the upstairs and tucked away downstairs. It's a great date location and after work happy hour spot. But, like Harp & Crown, I don't find that their small plates are consistently good, which was a surprise after all the great reviews I've read. Need an example? The Japanese sausage tasted like a hot dog. If I wanted a hot dog, I'd go buy one for $1 somewhere on the street and it'd be larger than the miniscule serving I paid $3 for here. I don't mind paying $3 for a small plate -- I actually like small portions because there's something to be said for eating mindfully to avoid overeating (and obesity and all the health problems that are likely to ensue), but I don't want my food to taste like a crappy hot dog -- not in this fancy joint, at least. My turkey meatball was fine. Nothing to get excited about. My friend thought it was too salty, but after eating a bowl of brussel sprouts that were pulled from the Dead Sea, I guess I didn't notice. Seriously, high end restaurants that employ legitimate chefs should not rely so heavily upon salt when there are countless other options for spices and seasonings. If you're on the DASH diet, I would not suggest that you eat here. 
The edamame dumplings were okay. They grew on me. The shrimp tempura was good too. But the small plate that will get me to return here for happy hour time and again will be the short rib skewer. It was so tender and perfect -- simply wonderful! (See, you can please me sometimes!)
I know these places are getting rave reviews because so many people are huge fans of Sampan and because the atmosphere is so spectacular -- I will not argue with anyone about atmosphere; it is simply divine and so inviting -- but I just can't get over my disappointment with the food at this restaurant and Harp & Crown. And, like I said in my last review, I know that I've only sampled small plates, but if your small plates are lacking, what is going to convince me to spend more on a large plate, especially when the food is SO heavily salted? I have very low blood pressure. I'd like to keep it that way. I don't want food so heavily salted that my taste buds are too overwhelmed to identify the actual flavors of the food anymore than I want to eat a stroke-inducing meal. That said, I'm coming back for the wine, short rib skewer, and pretty, pretty scenery if nothing else.I went to Double Knot for my birthday after a recommendation from a friend. She hit it big. It was a super fun place to go that was both upscale and casual. The food came out as it was prepared and that was nice as me and my bf were ready to eat! We did the tastings menu and my favorites were the duck bun, the cheese curd (definitely order those in bulk), the yellowtail small plate, and the hanger steak. Oh, and the lamb chops...not to be missed. The only thing that was so so was the special tuna-avocado roll. Not bad, just not my favorite but looking forward to trying other sushi roll varieties.Les cocktails étaient succulents, bien travaillés. Nous avons pris celui avec du mousseux et l'autre avec la mezcal. Les repas l'étaient tout autant. Le poulet frit était de bonne portion et savoureux. Le tataki d'albacore fondait en bouche. Contrairement aux autre avis, je n'ai pas adore les dumpling d'edamame, ils manquaient de texture croquante un peu. Mais j'ai tout de même adoré l'endroit.Amazing multi experience restaurant. Cafe during the day, legit sushi spot at night. Go hungry and get the chefs tasting meal. Also the old fashioned - called "Double Knot" - is one of my favorite drinks.. they smoke the glass at your table.For the most part, very yummy "modern japanese."   We had a reservation, and they sat us at the sushi bar, which was not my preference.  We ordered the tasting menu, which while more food than we would have ordered (or wanted!) is a nice way to get to know the restaurant.  Our server David was charming, however they rushed the courses out to us, leaving us with multiple plates of warm food. After asking them to slow it down, they did, though I would expect they would have figured this out themselves seeing the pile of plates.  Also, the food sped up again later.  My faves were the most "sushi-like" dishes, including thinly sliced raw fish in a delightful sour sauce.  The salmon was tender as butter but over salted for me.  Last, the dessert tart was fine but nothing to write home about.  Will definitely be back, but next time will order off the menu, with mostly raw dishes.  They did a great job accommodating our dietary preferences.I came here with my boyfriend back in August, I left a Facebook review, but realized I never added one on yelp. YES, it was that good I am coming back now months later just to leave a review. The food was impeccable, the best sushi I had. My boyfriend and I opted to try the chef's tasting. 
The chef's tasting is worth every cent, $55 a person for a 10 course tasting that leaves you beyond full, we had to take some home!
They started us with the edamame dumpling and that was divine. Then sushi, robatyaki, and plates followed. The double knot roll was out of this stratosphere. We also tried sashimi and nigiri, both of which were fantastic.
Our service was excellent. I wish I remembered his name, but he was beyond helpful, attentive, and gave us space and time while still being there whenever we needed him. 
The atmosphere is beautiful, it's romantic, and feels exclusive. 
5/5 stars each and every star 100% deserving.Best sushi ever! 
I am a huge sushi eater and am very picky about where I get my sushi from when I tried this place I was very nervous when I tried this place but it turned out to be very worth itGreat ambience? Check. Amazing happy hour deals? Check. Awesome food? Check Check. What an amazing place! It's one of those "come only for happy hour" places in the city. Very difficult to find a table during happy hour on a Friday evening but we somehow managed squeezing into a teeny tiny space. They have $4-$5 appetizers during happy hour and good offers on beer and wine. Edamame dumplings are a must try here. We ordered pork pot stickers, chicken bao buns and a whole lot of other stuff from the happy hour menu and everything was perfect. It's one of those places where you can have a full dinner from the happy hour menu with lots of wine/ beer to wash it down and your bill would still be under $50.
Service is very good and they try to keep everything under control even when the place gets too crowded. I only wish I had someone saving me a seat here during happy hour whenever I wanted.Had a great experience downstairs, in the moody, sexy, dark speakeasy type space. Very cool lighting and vibe. It is dark, however, for better or worse. Everything we ordered was fantastic and we tried a lot of stuff....the edamame dumplings, octopus and eggplant satays (grilled over hot coals, were sublime), delicious bacon wrapped enoki and striped bass, tuna roll and crispy Brussels sprouts. Everything is meant to be shared. TIP: It is a " free flowing kitchen" so if you don't want all your food to pile up on your table at once, tell your server to stagger the pace. Our server, Mark, was awesome and did a great job steering us through menu and allowing plates to come out in stages. Great spot! Happy hour upstairs is a total bargain too, but more extensive menu downstairs.I love everything about this place!!! Double Knot is easily in my top three favorite Philadelphia restaurants.
The atmosphere is unlike any other restaurant I've ever been to. The top floor is a quaint cafe, but the downstairs dining area has a very speak-easy vibe about it. It's dimly lit and tastefully decorated. Very unique bathroom too.
The food and drinks were both awesome. I came with a group of six people, so we opted to order a lot of small plates to share rather than large individual entrees. The menu is broken down into 9 sections (Cold, Specialty Sashimi, Crispy, Small, Robatayaki, Meat, Fish, Sides, and Sushi/Sashimi).  We ordered a lot, so I'll just list what we ordered from each section as well as how I would rate each.
Cold:
- Japanese cucumber (3/5)
- Octopus carpaccio (5/5)
Specialty Sashimi:
- Yellowtail (4/5)
- Salmon (5/5)
Crispy:
- Tempura shrimp tacos (5/5, I highly recommend)
Small:
- Edamame dumplings (5/5, these were AMAZING!!!)
- Pastrami bao bun (I don't eat meat, but everyone liked them)
Robatayaki:
- Asparagus (2/5)
- Swordfish meatball (5/5, highly recommend)
- Salmon scallion (3/5)
- Octopus (5/5)
- Lobster claw (4/5)
- Lobster tail (4/5)
- Pork belly (I don't eat meat, but this was a table favorite for those who do)
- Quail (I don't eat meat, but the consensus was that it was just okay)
Fish:
- Roasted hamachi collar (5/5, absolute perfection!!!)
Sides:
- Crispy brussel sprouts (4/5)
Sushi/Sashimi:
- Double Knot Big Eye tuna roll (5/5, MUST order!!!)
- Spicy tuna roll (5/5)
We also ordered some sake (they only serve it cold here) and cocktails. The sake was pretty good, but the cocktails were far superior. I'm not a huge cocktail drinker, but the Pocket Knot was out of this world (it's made with scotch, lemongrass, tea honey, ginger, and yuzu)!!!
I highly recommend dining at Double Knot, but definitely make a reservation (especially if you want to sit downstairs). I'll be coming back for sure!Love this place. Very authentic Japanese food. Omakase is very reasonable. Will come frequently.Went for lunch ! The protein  Starch  bowls are crazy good and only $7. How do you beat that! I had cold rice noodles with tofu. It was great! Friends had the grilled pork and rice noodles . Great dressing. Beautiful space. The restaurant down stairs is stunning. I can't wait to try it. Amazing concept! Like Sampan but cooler. The ice coffee was disappointing . Supposed to be nitro cold brew. My opinion was no way nitro. Not rich enough . Despite that I still give a t my highest recommendation. I'm bummed I haven't been here sooner but the lines can be very long.Always crowded. The upstairs is first come first serve for seating. Needless to say happy hour is crowded always, so is it at the neighboring spot Sampan( which you can easily slip to in the back by the bathrooms, both places are connected) 
Downstairs however is way more intimate and vintage! I love both floors. Downstairs you have a much larger menu to choose from. The drinks are average pricing $9+ (for center city) and they specialize in certain liquors. Not your average rum and coke bar.
I would suggest the swordfish balls, the rice (shrimp and egg) , and dumplings. They're quite yummy.Great drinks and food. More important asked for a cocktail unfamiliar to the bar Zack,  beverage manager, went way out of his way to find the recipe and find ingredients for the drink.The food here is absolutely amazing! The best sushi I have ever had and the service is amazing! Lauren was our waitress and she explained everything thoroughly and was extremely sweet! We will definitely be coming back!Stop reading this review and just go make a reservation. Everything about Double Knot is perfect - from the cool and casual vibe upstairs to the mod and elusive atmosphere in the dining area downstairs. The small bites are ideal for sharing and their cocktail list is killer - you'll have a hard time choosing! Top few bites on my list would be the tempura cheese curds, edamame dumplings, pastrami bao bun, and any and all of the sushi. I am not a sushi snob, but I think I might be now after trying Double Knot's. Definitely one of my go to spots!Samantha killed it. Memorized our whole 10-course meal right at the table, without any aid. A phenomenal, interesting, intelligent girl. Downstairs, the atmosphere, cocktails, and staff all seemed worth every penny. Can't complain and would bring a date back anytime.Best happy hour in philly. Everyday 4-7 with all the Sampan favorites plus sushi. Great cozy atmosphere but small. Go before 5 and grab a spot if possible!I frequently get my lunch from double knot and receive a great service. But today I didn't feel the same after I saw what was typed in my receipt. 
They get your name when you place a take out order just like any other restaurant. But the employee who took my order today completely misspelled my name and also thought it was funny to write "or something" next to my butchered name. He didn't even bother to remove the "or something" typed after my butchered name in the receipt before handing it to me, which truly shows how some of the employees really feel about working for the restaurant. It wasn't a phone order because you'd think maybe he didn't hear you clearly. It's ok to make spelling mistakes but when you  make the extra effort to display your true attitude by typing "or something" next to the customers name shows the customer the business is not valued. 
If some of the employees who work for double knot don't really care about their job or feels "or something", towards their job they should at least make an effort to keep the negative attitude to themselves and express it differently. But it's cheap and very unprofessional to publish how they really feel in receipts and hand it to a paying customer.I loved the dark izakaya style downstairs. It's very intimate and the cocktails and food are amazing. I sat at the bar and my friend and I got the monkey fist (sake spiced pina colada flavored) and bemini twist (sochu with fresh fruit juices), both were excellent.
We ordered the bacon wrapped mushroom skewer, spicy scallop sushi, miso soup, and tempura cheese curds. All were super good, and came quickly.
I love the atmosphere and the menu. The bartender was super friendly and it was a treat to chat with him and hear more about the drinks, which we got to watch him make, and about the food.Double Knot gets a double YES for the food but a double NO for the service. This Izakaya has an intimate vibe with dimly lit tables and candles surrounding you while you dine. I would suggest 4 plates (depending on your choices) per person if you want to fill up. The sushi was fresh, robatayaki was the star of the meal (octopus was delish, so tender!), brussel sprouts were v flavorful so be prepared for that. Wouldn't recommend the cod fried rice- v bland. Go for the drinks, all the cocktails were on point (I enjoyed the gin-base Re-Animator). 
As for the service, our waiter was the least accommodating, asking us to put all our food orders in at the beginning of the meal, a little challenging with a small plate style restaurant. He got several orders wrong and proceeded to argue with us about what we said vs what he heard before bringing the correct dish out. We were celebrating a friend's birthday so we ordered dessert prior to the meal and our waiter offered to put a sparkler in it, which he forgot about until after the dessert was placed on the table... A little awkward! Overall a good spot for an intimate dinner/drinks with one or 2 other people but not good for groups. Next time I'm going to consider sitting at the counter in hopes of getting what I ordered.Review is only for close to 9.  Brunch (after 10) may be better
- Service horrible 
- Coffee machine broken
- Inattentive staff
- Learned that even after 10 am there is no more table service 
All in all sad to see something that was one very good declineI really wanted to love this place. I love Sampan and Graffiti Bar next door so why wouldn't this be awesome? I'll cut to the chase: 2 of us had 5 items on the menu and 2 rounds of drinks and our bill was $190 (including tip). For perspective, the following night I went to Han Dynasty with 4 other people and between 5 of us we ate and drank like kings and our bill was only $16 more. 
Double Knot is similar to other "small plates" places, and we're talking about REALLY small plates. They have this "tuna baguette" that has 4 slices of bread with tuna on top - but each bread slice was approximately the size of a nickel coin - and it was like $8. Each piece of sushi is $4-$7 - each piece - not $7 for 2 pieces. The sushi was okay but nothing spectacular. I could go almost anywhere and get sushi as good or better, his sushi rice was good. 
In everything we ate it felt more like a committee of people designed the plate to provide as little food as possible and charge as much as they could, not that every restaurant doesn't do it, but other places try to provide you some value. This all seemed like a con game with fancy names, exotic sounding ingredients, but a puff of smoke when served. 
The server we had, Owen I think, was excellent, very attentive, knowledgeable, patient, and everyone else was extremely nice. It seemed like everyone knew what to do but they never worked together so there was some disconnect between them but that'll change. My friend went a few days earlier and overheard a manager berating someone but I didn't see any of that. 
The place looked cool, upstairs was better than downstairs where we sat, which I think they're trying to make a speakeasy but it was, "meh." I wanted to like it here but I can't justify going back and paying so much for so little.4.5 stars.  Just went in for lunch and was very pleased.  At first I was sort of confused where to order at the bar because it's set up like a liquor bar (where you might order anywhere), but it's a coffee bar by day, so just order at the register.  The café is also more so setup for take out than dine in.  The silverware, napkins, and chopsticks are located by the entrance/exit, as opposed to near the dining tables.
They have a limited menu for lunch, but it was perfect.  Pick your protein (chicken, steak, meatballs, pork, tofu, etc.) and pick your base (bahn mi, noodles, cabbage, salad, etc.), and it's made with Vietnamese flavors.  They also have a ton of different coffees.  
I had the steak with noodles.  It came out presented beautifully.  The flavor was very good and had so many different textures that were extremely pleasing.  The amount of food was also substantial, especially for $7.  I also had the Nitro Cold Brew Draft, which was a cold brew coffee, poured like a Guinness (no alcohol).  It was my first time having it, and won't be the last.  It tasted like an alcohol-free coffee beer.  
This place could easily go up to 5 stars, especially after I visit for happy hour and/or dinner.I've eaten at double knot three times now. The food and cocktails are amazing and the servers are always helpful and knowledgeable. I love bringing friends and visitors to try it out. I felt the need to write a review this last time becuase it was a different experience. We arrived on time for our 8:45 reservations on a Friday night and the hostess said there were a few tables who had paid but haven't left yet. We sat at the bar and waited, but after about 35 minutes we still hadn't been seated. I walked up to the hostess and mentioned that it has been quite a while. Immediately we were seated downstairs at the bar and were offered two complementary dishes while we were waiting for our table. 15 minutes later we were seated and enjoyed a delicious meal and impeccable service. These things happen and can be annoying but the servers and hosts went above and beyond to make up for our wait and gave me even more of a reason to come back in the future.This place was full on the Saturday night we walked in, around 8. We sat at a table in the bar (first come first served) and ordered from an attentive server, who said the food would roll out as it was ready. It actually rolled out in quick succession. (If we were catching a plane we would have wished for that pace.) The bar offers a limited menu compared to the restaurant downstairs, but it's packed with options. We tried cucumber salad (fresh and delicious medium-thick sliced Persian cukes with sliced red chilis, thin slices radish, and bite size cubes of tofu in a salty soy and sesame oil tinged dressing -- light and refreshing). We also had the sea bass (really good), crunchy Brussels sprouts (flavor explosion), BBQ beef satay (too rare and a fatty cut of meat -- no like), and the spicy tuna roll (fresh and delicious). It was an intense combo of dishes to have in front of us all at once, but super tasty. Next time we'll order one or two dishes at a time or make a reservation for the main restaurant and take it slower.Wow. Each dish was better than the last. I will dream about their edamame dumplings until I can have them again. Super friendly staff and a beautiful decor.Food is great. We tried the chef's tasting menu. Everything is close to perfection! Love the seabass fish!
Service needs to be improved. We waited two hours for a table and three of us ended up eating off a tiny bar table. Waiter thought we were not looking for a dining table.Ahhh, I can't say enough fabulous things about Double Knot! My hubs and I went here for our date night, and had such an incredible experience. We had a reservation downstairs, and it was a very intimate, romantic, beautiful, candlelit setting. Our server, Bradrick, was very friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. We enjoyed the 10 course plus dessert tasting menu. I definitely recommend it. It was Asian tapas portions with the last course being an entree portion. We let the chefs do their thing, instead of us choosing, and were very impressed with each course. I loved the edamame dumplings that had truffle in them, and the roasted seabass that melted in your mouth. I'm salivating just thinking of each item we had. The cocktails were phenomenal too. My hubs had the Double Knot, and I had the Lovers Knot. The seamlessness of the team of staff was very commendable too. Plates were cleared quickly, and food came out as it was prepared, with a nice flow. We will be back again. I recommend this spot for a date night, or with small parties.Our experience started less than desirably.  We arrived on time for an 8:30 reservation.  Unfortunately, friends of ours were unable to get a babysitter so we contacted the restaurant earlier in the day and they said it would be no problem. When we arrived the hostess acted as if they had no clue.  My husband got us drinks at the bar, but that took more than 15 minutes.  We continued to wait for our table, so my husband inquired with the host. We were then seated 20 minutes late.  Be ware, there is no place to wait, so the entire time you are waiting for your table you are bumped by waiters, waitress, and other patrons.  Perhaps there should be a limit on the number of people permitted in the upstairs bar area.  We ordered the chef's tasting menu.  Our entire service was completed in an hour, 10 courses in 1 hour.  I have never in my life had food brought to me to quickly.  I felt extremely rushed.  There was a couple seated next to us who complained to the manager prior to getting seated, due to their long wait.  At least they were comped for their bad experience. Now to the food, it was average.  Nothing spectacular, nothing inedible.  Just average.  Our dinner concluded with dessert and our waitress didn't even ask if we wanted coffee; as I noticed other tables around us getting this.  All in all, I was disappointed with the experience, the initial wait and the service. As I stated the food was average.  I have attended happy hour in the upstairs space on a prior occasion and felt the experience was much better.I ordered a steak Banh Mi with everything that comes with it: cabbage, pickled carrots, daikon, mint, and cilantro. The sandwich came out warm which was a plus. The bread was so perfectly toasted. Bread was crispy on the outside, but super soft on the inside. It's wasn't hard where it leaves the inside of your mouth a bit raw like some other toasted sandwiches. I think this was the best part of the food. I wasn't blown away since I've had better banh mi's in south Philly and Chinatown. But for the price and the ambiance, it was a thumbs up. 
Service was good and the cashier/bartender was super friendly and courteous. That's a plus in my book. 
During lunch, you get an order number and seat yourself which is convenient. Husband got the Shakerato for a pick me up and it tasted like Christmas with the chocolate bitters. Yum.Food classified under the "Asian fusion" category has always left me cautious and weary of Asian delicacy being compromised. I was never one to jump on trying them- including Double Knot.
Except, Double Knot made me regret this poor decision of mine! Where did I go wrong all these years? 
Must have: 
- Edamame Dumplings with truffle 
- Black Cod Fried Rice 
- Robatakayaki Kobe Beef 
Concerns?
Please, dining downstairs is terrifying with the pitch black ambiguous path and stairwell. Pretty sure my friends and I, despite our calm demeanor, gripped onto the side railing for dear life. I'm imagining how accessible it will be for those with low vision, or how handicap accessible it will be going downstairs. Hope this can be addressed because the food here is too good to miss out on!
Bathroom tip:
If you see the opposite gender in the same bathroom as you, do not be alarmed. You're not going crazy. The bathroom is co-ed FYI.While the setup is a little pretentious, it's all worth the hype. My boyfriend and I had our first date here and loved it so much, we came back one year later to celebrate. After you walk through the cafe and check in at the back of the restaurant, they guide you towards a dark candlelit staircase. Both times we've sat at the sushi bar instead of the dining room, which we love watching all the action happen. 
This time our waiter sold us on the tasting menu to share where you get to pick a dish from each of the 10 or so sections. We chose: kampachi ceviche, salmon specialty sashimi, tempura cheese curds, oxtail dumpling, lobster tail robatayaki, lamb chop robatayaki, new york strip, japanese scallops, bacon yakisoba, and baked sea bass maki roll. 
Between the sushi/raw bar items, the salmon specialty sashimi was our favorite with its tangy kick. We didn't love the kampachi fish in the ceviche. Since we got those two raw dishes, my boyfriend preferred a cooked sushi, and I was pleasantly surprised by the baked sea bass roll.
The smaller hot dishes were mostly a hit. My boyfriend loves cheese curds, and we were visibly shocked by the presentation of these. The tempura batter is light and puffed out into a perfect little ball with the cheese curds inside of it. The oxtail dumpling was rich and in a broth full of flavor with a quail egg. The robatayaki we chose were the lamb chop and lobster tail, which was a $5 surcharge. Both were perfectly grilled and had tons of flavor for such a simple preparation. 
The "mains" of the dinner, new york strip, japanese scallops and bacon yakisoba, were good; though perhaps they were our least favorite. The steak came with a chimichurri that wasn't that flavorful or bursting with fresh herbs. The jalapeno oil that surround the scallops is amazing. The bacon yakisoba was perhaps our least favorite, which surprisingly lacked flavor. 
The end of our meal concluded with mandarin mochi, which was a cool, refreshing and light treat. My favorite part of Double Knot though? Probably the smoky signature drink! My boyfriend prefers to order them without the smoky component, but I think that's the best part. 
Not only is this place delicious, the service is great, and it holds a lot of sentiment. With the chef's tasting menu, it's actually a really good value for the amount of food you get. Can't wait to keep coming back to celebrate here!Writing a review of this izakaya won't do it justice. What I have the patience to say, before listing the food we tried, is that this was one of the best meals I've had this year in a very cool and surprisingly spacious basement space.
OK, that food, each item better than the last:
Tempura cheese curds - yes, I was embarrassed to order these; yes, my wife liked them. They were fine.
Japanese fried chicken. It was good, not as light as I expected, and a little too bland. Enjoyed the ginger aioli and accompanying daikon more than the chicken.
Uni nigiri. Uni was fantastic, they were out of whatever East Coast stuff I'd never heard of and instead served some Japanese stuff I'd never heard of. Perfectly briny, I was a big fan. The sushi is good, unremarkable.
Pork jowl. Could've been cooked at a higher temperature, I thought. But pretty tasty.
Japanese sausage. Nice.
Smoked bacon. Better.
Pork belly with scallion. (You see where we're trending with this, right?)
Also tried the swordfish meatball, swordfish belly (this might've been the best of the night), short rib (great), ribeye (better than the short rib), and quail. And the pastrami bao bun, which was phenomenally balanced...but was still surpassed by the duck scrapple bao bun. And maybe a couple more items? It was all terrific. The service was attentive and knowledgeable; the hyper-specific classification of the provenance and preparation of the ingredients comes off as pretentious (but, hey, that's what they're going for, right? and they've got reason to take pride in their food).
Double Knot was a great experience. Big ups to Tom Sietsema, who ran a quick update about Philadelphia's dining scene right before the 2016 DNC. Without that, we'd have missed out on this place. Glad we didn't.Ventured here on a random Monday that my dad came into the city to take me out to dinner (mom out of town =time for us foodies to have fun).  Walking inside you get a cool, speakeasy vibe.  Upstairs was happy hour menu and it was packed.  Downstairs the speakeasy aura definitely intensifies, as you enter a dimly lit space with candlelight, small tables around couches, and 2 bars.  We didn't have a reservation, so were seated at the cocktail tables (with the seating side by side)- space limited, but the plates are meant to be shared.  I came intending to get sushi, but was lured my the tasting menu and am SO glad that I went that route.  One of the best meals I've had in a long time.  Tasting menu is $55 per person for 10 dishes (shared, one from each section of their menu except 2 from the skewers) and dessert.  You can make the selections or have the chef pick- we chose to be adventurous and do the latter.  It was a LOT of food and they kept coming out with more and more.  The service was very good, with each dish explained and plates exchanged and fresh plates given when appropriate.  They seemed to try and bring 2 dishes at a time, essentially in the order they appear on the menu.   Only con was that they brought them out rather fast and we got full quick! What we had, in order (menu section in parentheses):
Japanese scallop (special sashimi)
Tuna tartar (cold)
Sushi roll (sushi)- didn't catch the name but it was an unusual one
Japanese fried chicken (crispy)
Edamame dumpling (small)- so good and something I wouldn't think to order
Swordfish/rib eye +scallions (robatayaki which are slow cooked skewers) -SO GOOD
Aged NY strip w/ chimichurri (meat)- delicious
Broiled sea bass (fish)- AMAZING, melt in your mouth
Black cod fried rice (side)
Dessert- chocolate flourless cake w/ sesame cream topping (I don't like chocolate but my dad enjoyed this little bite and I really liked the topping)
All in all, highly recommend, definitely will come back!  Didn't try much sushi but was so pleasantly surprised!My experience was two fold. To begin, with a reservation... my boyfriend and I were seated downstairs at the bar right next to the silverware station and food pick up. Since I called earlier looking for a later time slot and was told the only thing open was at the bar... I am led to believe I was not intended to sit here. What I imagine happened is that we rolled in with bike helmets and backpacks, slightly un-fancy looking, and they thought they could get away with giving us the worst seat in the house. Mistaken. To their credit, the situation was taken care of and we sat at a table.
We ordered the Chef's tasting menu and a special sushi tasting menu. Great choices and the food was good. I would say avoid the Kobe beef because it really isn't super tasty and actually avoid beef in general. The steak from the tasting menu was nothing special. The desert was also unimpressive. Do get the sushi in all shapes and sizes and do get the black cod fried rice. 
The special sushi tasting menu was delicious. 
The prices were comparable to other restaurants in Double Knots ratings category, although I would say that they are playing up a league. 
I would go back for happy hour as I hear the prices are good and the sushi was very very good.I dined at Double Knot for the first time this evening. The tapas style small plates were good to excellent. The ambiance is great. However, there are significant service issues afoot. Despite a reservation, it took 30 minutes for my party of two to be seated - on a weeknight. While waiting, we ordered cocktails which took 20 minutes to arrive. During dinner, I ordered a glass of wine which never came. I finished eating and ensured that our waitress canceled the wine order (assuming it still was active). As a result of all this, our waitress comped the cocktails and brought us a small dessert. When eating my dessert (a chocolate torte or something similar), I discovered something hard in my mouth. I pulled out a small paper clip baked into the dessert. The waitress brought the manager over, but other than apologizing and saying he would be discussing it with the kitchen staff, he didn't offer anything else as compensation for this. 
With all the choices in Philadelphia, I would be hard pressed to recommend this restaurant above many others, including Royal Sushi & Izakaya in Queen Village and innumerable other options throughout Center City, including the wonderful Harp & Crown that is part of the same restaurant group as Double Knot.Man - this place is great, but so confusing to get to. It is part of a multi-restaurant establishment, with Grafitti Bar in the back, Sampan in the front, and Double Knot in the basement underneath. You have to go through the bar and ask the hostess in the back to be led downstairs. There is usually a bit of a wait, but it is definitely worth it. The ambiance is amazing. It's dark, and has this unique classy basement feel.  The Monkey's Fist drink is fruity, delicious, and potent. The true star is the food. The Duck Scrapple Pork Bun is delicious, soft, and tender, but small. I could eat this all day if it wasn't so pricey. The robotayaki is good, but also small. It is a great upscale joint for a drink and some small plates (if you are willing to dish out for the experience).So let me preface this by saying my fiancé and I are major foodies. We go out to dinner a lot. A lot a lot. My fiancé has worked in the industry, and we understand things happen.
Tonight, in an edamame dumpling, my fiancé found a staple. Thankfully, he found it before eating it and spit it out with no damage. 
The issue I have is that the restaurant didn't do more to amend the situation. While they comped the drinks, my fiancé doesn't even drink by the way, dinner still was not inexpensive. After the incident that occurred, I was kinda over it.
Now, my fiancé and I are super cool, and the waitress Megan was very nice about it. It's not her fault. But I am super sad that this restaurant which was our new favorite is now our least.
Be careful with the dumplings.Double Knot is a great and unique take on traditional Japanese food. In a world saturated with sushi restaurants offering the same menus, this is the best I've ever experienced.
Knowing it would be busy on a Friday night, I snuck in to a table in the upstairs lounge where there is also a bar and cafe during the day. Tables seem to be turning fairly quickly, so there's no need for a reservation.
The menu is a vast collection of izakaya-stlye small plates and sushi. I was on the mood for something different after noshing on some edamame to start. My server, who was busy but attentive, took the appreciated time to explain every category of the menu and make recommendations. I took his advice and went with the fried chicken and brussels sprouts... No regrets.
The brussels sprouts were the absolute best preparation I've ever experienced. Fried to a crispy perfection and topped with crispy rice, the sprouts explode with umami due to a perfect topping of salty fish sauce vinegar. I tried to find out the secret recipe to no success. The chicken was great as well and went well with the house smoky mustard on the table. I resisted the urge to raid the kitchen for the fish sauce and mustard, quietly paid and left. Don't pass this place by.The restaurant portion is very cool a sort of phantom of the opera meets boating feel. The food was very good and customizable depending on the size of your party. The wait staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. Would recommend 2-3 plates per person. The duck scrapple boa and the crispy Brussel sprouts were very good.I heard all the hype about this place and thought it had a lot to live up to. Upon entering it was crowded and had a good cozy vibe. Little did we know this small narrow bar area was not even half of it. We went to the back receptionist and she led us through a curtain and pair of doors, then we ascended down a candle lit stair. We were greeted and then taken to a cozy booth surrounded by candles. One woman noted how the ambience reminded her of a bar in Europe. We started with some great cocktails, but that was not the best part. We ordered a variety of things as the style is very shareable. The edamame dumplings and duck sliders are amazing! Each dish was bursting with flavor! It was a wonderful evening with gray food!This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.  We got the tasting menu and I think the sea bass was one of the best dishes I have had in years!  Mind blown.  Can't wait to go back and try more off the menu.  The only critique I have is that the service when you enter is a little off.  The hostess station is in the back of the room, so it isn't always clear where to go when you come in, and we had a bit of a wait even though we had a reservation, but weren't offered a drink or a seat in the meantime, were just told "it'll be a few minutes".  Once we got downstairs to our table, service was fantastic!Ya know, I didn't love it. And I really wanted to.  I realize that this is probably because I wanted Sampan and it was booked out 2.5 hours. So the Sampan hostess recommended we try Double Knot assuring us that the menus were virtually the same. They are not. I did reunite with the brussel sprouts I love. And my husband was satisfied with his rib eye but the black cod fried rice was a poor substitute for the kimchi version served upstairs (we asked for the latter and were told it was only served upstairs).  My friend's crab claw was not fantastic and the yakisoba was cold. The ambiance was nice and I'd come back for drinks but I wasn't blown away by the food.I came here with my partner for Valentine's Day and while it started slow it ended in magical food heaven. I made a reservation for 8pm and when we arrived we walked through the bar towards the hostess. She said we would just have to wait a few minutes for our table, I was a little upset because I made a reservation so we wouldn't have to wait but it was only about ten minutes. We walked down the stairs and through a curtain where a woman gladly took our coats and escorted us to our table. Double Knot is truly beautiful with exposed brick and pipes and amazing artwork my partner was in awe. We did the chef's tasting which was $55 PER PERSON and we had to agree on each course. The courses were exquisite, from the Double Knot sushi roll (MUST TRY) To the yummy dessert it was a perfectly romantic evening. The drinks were stellar as well and there ended up being so much food we had to take some home. Next time I probably won't do the chef tasting as you could just order a few things each on the menu and be stuffed. I loved this place and will definitely come back for coffee in the daytime and dinner!Five guilty stars for superb food and service.  Drinks are great too.  There are two floors with a bar on top and the restaurant is downstairs in the basement.
I like liver, but the chicken liver yakitori was okay. Otherwise, unbuckle your belt or tighties and sample all the delicious beef and pork yakitori's.  Must try the Bao buns and fried rice.
We like Sampan but this is our new fav gem.  Chef Michael Schulson did it again with this trendy hip Japanese speakeasy-feel restaurant.  He runs a tight ship and demands quality service and food - which is why we are regulars.
It gets busy so make reservations!