A typical American diner in a very busy part of town. But this is a good thing. Sometimes you don't want to the upscale or trendy meal. Sometimes you just want a simple homecooked-like meal where you can forget about the bustling busyness of urban life and just relax for a bit in a cozy corner. 
The wait time on a Sunday morning at 10am was typical but they sat the 7 of us at two tables near enough that we could chat and fast enough that we didn't get annoyed. The service was fast and very good; the waitress knew what was on the menu and suggested what turned out to be a delicious Breakfast Burrito. 
The potatoes that came with breakfast are some of the best I've ever had! They were crispy but not burned, the seasoning was delicious, and they were not oily at all unlike a lot of hash-browns that I've had. (for clarification these aren't hash-browns, these are actual cubes of potatoes)
I would go back just for the burrito.
Edit 1 year later: I came back for the burrito and it was as delicious as I remember.does PA have a 'no breakfast after noon' rule?  the two of us ordered eggs, toast, and sausage and nothing else. the table of 8 orders lunch and got their food first! by the time my eggs arrived they were cold and disgusting, my b/fs eggs were piping hot! 
no love, no tip..Definitely diner food but not as greasy as most diners. I liked the smaller portions, as most restaurants serve portions that are ridiculously large. Nice atmosphere for a family breakfast and service was good.I had lunch there with a friend a few months ago and we both thought it was pretty bad. But today my husband and I gave it another chance. It was even worse. I had a BLT--hard to mess up but it was dry, with over cooked bacon and a couple of leaves of Lettuce. My husband had a biscuit with gravy and sausage. The gravy congealed like wallpaper paste. We won't be going back anytime soon. Disappointing because it used to be so good!I don't normally leave a sub-par review based on service. This is a case where it took 20 minutes for our very nice waitress to bring out the wrong order. She did try to correct it, but I was already late for work and had to leave. Our waitress compensated by giving me a free cup of coffee.The people pu-pu-ing this place need to remember, you shouldn't go to a place called "Down Home Diner" and expect Haute cuisine. I've gone to this place off and on since I was a kid, and their food has always been solid and tasty. I especially recommend the Sawmill Gravy and Biscuits. 
(Although I do agree that the uniforms; a fairly recent development, are ridiculous.)Service positive waitress Karen was super friendly took a bit longer than expected, pumpkin pancakes were yummy, biscuits were dry, location wasYuck, don't eat here. I was in Philadelphia on new Year's day and this was the only place open near the hotel. The eggs were way too runny, all of the vegetables were slimy and the food was overall just bad. The service was OK but when I got the bill the prices on the menu and what I was charged were completely different. I wouldn't eat here again if they paid me, sorry.I've been coming here for years now and was shocked by all the negative reviews. The huevos rancheros are my go to breakfast meal - along with chocolate chip pancakes - the best I've ever had! Meals here are usually quick and very inexpensive for the quality of food. The menu is very eclectic and always changing and most times includes something from other reading terminal vendors. Highly recommend this place to everyone!This was the only diner open that was close to the hotel. This placed sucked. The eggs were runny. The grits werent cooked all the way and were cold with dry shredded cheese on top. The asparagus On the omelette tasted like it came out of the can. The biscuit was dry and hard and the coffee was watered down. The only thing they didnt fuck up was the home fries which they threw in the deep fryer. I barely ate my food and the prices were way off. Who prices something as 7.17 if it was advertised as 5.99. The prices didnt make sense but we didnt want to be negative on New Years, But never again. Excuse me for the profanity but I have to keep it real. Service could have been better as well.I am not sure what is going on with breakfast in Philly and why it has to be served on salad plates (like Little Petes). As i travel, i usually have a large breakfast and skip lunch as I am in convention centers all day long.   
My company president and I ended up here when we found out to our dismay that Dutch Eating Place was closed on Tuesdays.  
He tried the scrapple and a short stack. we are still not sure what scrapple is but are pretty certain it is a high quality dog food.  
I had the philly scrambled, which was good, but very small. the four of five roasted potatoes with it were ok, but definitely not enough.  The white toast was pretty good, due to size and freshness.  
Coffee was acceptable.  I would not go back on my own volition, but if I went because others were going, I would not complain and give it another shot.Simple food. Had the country benny which is basically biscuits and gravy. Gravy was good. Corned beef hash was nice. Everything was cooked correctly, my over easy was perfect. 
Coffee was coffee though. I love good coffee, this was not good coffee. It was made with a minimum ammount of poor quality beans. 
The server was nice and attentive, all in all a good breakfast.I felt like since this was located in the Mecca of foodie places in Philly, the Reading Terminal Market, this place should have stepped up its game a bit. As it was, it was okay but not outstanding. My chicken sandwich was standard but not stellar, and fries fell flat. Our waitress was distracted so it was hard to wrangle her. 
Overall, I'd look elsewhere in the market for a dining option. While this was fine, you could surely do better with all the tantalizing food choices that abound.This place sells "Eat More Scrapple" t-shirts that have the scrapple recipe and history on the back.  That alone merits multiple stars.  I bought one for my West Coast friends who don't believe I actually eat the stuff.
Breakfast is the best option here. The scrapple was actually not my favorite; believe it or not, not all scrapples are equal and I prefer mine to be spicier.  But breakfast was pretty good and portions are big (if you're into that).They remodeled the place.  Plus is that it is now a tad prettier.  Minus, I think they changed their menu.  For lunch pretty standard sandwiches, burgers.  What happened to some of their unique stuff - jambalya?  I had their "catfish poor boy" - a decent, not great fillet on a massive burger bun (reminded me of the "where's the beef" commercial).  My wife had a grilled cheese, which was not really worth it.  Go to Dutch Eating Place (one of our faves) over this, and scratch this off our Reading Market list.  A shame.Five of us went to Sunday breakfast here. We got there before the crowd. On yelp it says they open at 8; on their door it says they open at 9; and they actually open at 7! Fun busy place. Good for families. Nice staff. Everyone enjoyed their breakfast-fruit cup with each meal is a nice touch. Bacon was amazing -even their turkey bacon is good. The homemade strawberry jam is a must. Try to eat just one serving. The only thing that was sub par were the cheesy grits; and I should know better than to order grits up north! Nice experience. Would certainly go back. 
P.S. bacon is really good.OMG...ended up at DHD after the BE Beautiful Expo. Ordered & saw about 4 parties come and go before we got our food (35 minutes). The smoked short ribs we ordered had a whitish gravy on it and it sure wasn't falling off the bone. The meat also had black burnt pieces on it. The server said that's why it took so long because it was smoked and that's why there were burnt pieces. Really?? Then I asked for free dessert. Didn't really get it but the server said they had apple pie. I thought maybe they could redeem this bad experience. I asked for ice cream on it. None...what?? But I like apple pie so I ordered it. It came back as apple crumb pie not apple pie. Now if you're an apple pie ala mode aficionado like me that will not do. Especially since the pie was ice cold. People don't heat up desserts anymore?? Sorry, won't go there again.The diner was empty when we entered and we should have seen that as an omen to turn around and leave. But no, we persevered. The Caesar salad was a small plate of chopped romaine and tomatoes wit LOTS of dressing. No croutons or anything. My friends grilled chicken tasted half way cooked and my turkey dinner with gravy had NO gravy!  The waiter apologized at how bad the food was at dinner hour. He said he has never worked at a place with such poor food quality. It was truly worse than any cafeteria food I've had. The gravy shows up and it is a salty black brew with veggie chunks...a disgusting mess. 
I told the manager the food sucked and he just laughed. We paid $33 for awful slop.Grabbed breakfast before leaving Philly. Thought the food and service was great. I would go back.We stopped here with our kids. The food was very yummy. The kids loved the pumpkin pancakes. This 5 star rating is also focused on the warm atmosphere and friendly staff. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive and went out of her way during a busy time to get each member of the staff to say hello to our kids and sign a napkin they had created to capture as memorabilia on our trip. The kids were so appreciative and happy!We had amazing food- creative twists on breakfast!  The ambience was bustling and pre- Christmas but service was fast! Waitress was nice and efficient! Would absolutely go back again! (And you can shop in the Reading Terminal Market afterwards!)A great addition to the already awesome Reading Terminal. The decor is pretty standard 50's style diner, nothing too exciting. It's a good thing we came here for the food, because we were very hungry when we had lunch here. Perusing the menu, I saw what I thought was a lot of standard diner fare. They had regular breakfast items, some burgers, salads and sandwiches for lunch. We were there for lunch, and ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and fish and chips. To start we got the black bean and sausage soup as well as cream of mushroom soup. Pretty standard, right? Wrong, the food was made unlike any other diner or restaurant I have ever been to. The chicken was extremely fresh, REAL chicken, not some processed breaded patty. The sauce was obviously homemade, great buffalo taste, but not spicy, just the way I like it, with fresh bleu cheese crumbles. The fish and chips used REAL fresh fish, skin and all, lightly breaded and fried up, a generous portion on both items. The soups were delicious and obviously fresh-made. This is no ordinary diner, I believe their cutting edge is their ability to buy all their foods fresh from the terminal they are located in.  The service was quick, no frills, and efficient.I used to love th Down Home Diner but that was some years back - evry Saturday morning for about ten years - but haven't been there for a while and had lunch yesterday.   Must have changed hands and changed cooks and servers - my server was more interested in cleaning her tables than taking orders.  I had the catfish po'boy sandwich which used to be a favorite - the catfish was dry - there was barely a whisper of the remoulade and the bun was supermarket quality - you have bakeries in RTM that are amazing!  I was served my coffee and the waitress disappeared totally - I had to flag another waiter for a refill and he was kind and got it for me even though it was not his station.  The fries were not freshly fried - they had the mealy taste of frozen fries and they were only lukewarm.   You have to pay the server now instead of the cashier so that was another fifteen minutes wait for that - and again to pay.    I've waited tables and I'm a generous tipper - however I gave the tip to the chap who got the coffee for me - I left a quarter for the server at my table so that she'll know it was for lack of service, not that I forgot to tip,   I used to take visitors to the diner but that was my last visit,  The Dutch eating place is miles better.  The nice waiter is the only reason for the starPerfect eggs, toast and coffee with quick service! Loved it! Great home fries, friendly wait staff and perfectly cooked eggs over medium - all for $7. Added a lot to my day of jury duty. The waitress even gave me more coffee to goWe had a disappointing return to the Diner.  The food was plentiful but basic.  The Diner would benefit from a retooling of their recipes and quality checks.  I ordered Shrimp and Grits.  The dish arrive quickly enough.  Unfortunately it was rather bland to the eye and the palate.  The shrimp were small and unseasoned.  The grits were a tad grainy and under cooked - also lacking in seasoning.  We ordered biscuits which arrived room temperature.  When I picked up a biscuit I found it was crisp on top and soft, almost soggy, on the bottom.  Not good.  The other diners ordered sides of scrapple and cheesy grits.  The scrapple portions were stingy for $3.00 - just a single piece of thinly sliced scrapple.  The 'cheesy grits' were plain grits with a tiny bit of shredded cheese plopped on top.  Lazy.   We had not been to the Diner in a few years.  I don't expect to go back.  There are so many great brunch options in Philly no need to waste time and money on lackluster food.Horrible.  I ordered the BBQ ribs and a side of collard green.   Everything tasted as though it was 3 days old.  The ribs were so dry  they crumbled apart like stale bread.  The greens tasted as though they had been soaking in vinegar for a week.  I sent my comments to the email address on the receipt and never received a response.Can safely say one visit here was enough for me. The food wasn't awful, it also wasn't great. Middle of the road diner fare with somewhat rushed service due to massive Sunday morning RTM crowds. Not the cheapest, either. Considering you're already in the market and surrounded by a bunch of other options, I'd suggest you skip down home diner.When I walked in, I had to ask a girl behind the bar who I have to see about getting seated. After she pointed to one of the employees, I got a dirty look as if I did something wrong as I started walking towards her. I told her I am here for a party of two, she grabbed two menus, walked to a  table and threw them down and walked away. Okay...
I ordered the fried fish and my friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich. I am not crazy about southern type food, so I can't say I totally enjoyed my food, but that is not the reason for two stars. The two stars is because of the treatment I got when I walked in, and because my mac and cheese was cold and the mashed potatoes were very bland. The tartar sauce was the yellow kind, which I am not crazy about either. My friend said her pulled pork sandwich was okay. I probably won't come here again.Stopped in for lunch and got a table quickly.  Had walked by around breakfast time and there was a wait so we thought we would try for lunch. The fried chicken was the best of the meals we ordered, BBQ burger was a disappointment, and the grilled cheese lacking.  The french fries were a merger portion which turned out okay as they weren't very good. Mac and cheese is a better bet than the fries. Waitstaff was good as was the coffee.Six years as a Philadelphia Resident and this was the first place I "enjoyed" the Philadelphia "delicacy" known as scrapple.  For that, I will always remember Down Home Diner.  An otherwise boring addition to the RTM, it seems to attract people mostly overwhelmed by the hustle-and-bustle of the market.
Anyone looking for a country feel in an otherwise tourist infused market, this is the place to grab a seat and rest while you indulge on your favorite diner fare.Inconsistent. The southern comfort food items of the menu seem appealing, but you can only count on them being prepared well sometimes. I've received a "poached egg" there as hard-boiled, completely solid. There also seem to be some staffing issues -- once there was only one frantic waitress for the entire restaurant.OMG! This has to be the WORST place at the Reading Terminal... PERIOD! I went there for breakfast and was greeted by a very rude server that was so fidgity and anxious that when we were taking our time to order, she just left in mid-order without even saying anything.  To go along with the disturbing display of failure I ordered the gravy biscuit with turkey sausage.  The food was served COLD and had some nasty stewed apples on the side. My friend got scrambled eggs, that weren't even cooked well...risk of salmonella, and cheesey grits, that was grits with 5 pieces of cold  shredded cheddar cheese on top...My kid could have come up with something better... Save your money and pick from any other place in Reading Terminal...This place definitely makes the Reading Terminal look bad, it doesn't deserve to be in the Terminal! If your hungary, please just starve instead, trust me you'll be doing yourself a favor. 
Last but not least they had LOUD music playing at 10am and its right by the door so every 2 minute a cold draft comes in, so you'll be freezing!
********** STAY AWAY**********Business travelers take note: this place DOES NOT accept AMEX. 
I would happily have taken the extra time on my expense report that is required to submit out of pocket receipt for this place if it was any good, but alas it was really just bad. 
Coffee served was watery and no milk/creamer was present or ever offered. I got a mushrooms and spinach scramble and ended picking around both as neither of them tasted quite right. The "fresh" orange juice was "freshly" prepared from concentrate. I mean listen, I know that this place is supposed to be a cheap, local style diner but there was just absolutely zero effort there. I mean my menu looked like it hadn't been replaced in 20 years, it was so faded and covered in coffee stains I couldn't even read some of the items on it... never a good sign. 
My advice, spend an extra $5 to go somewhere that puts in even a modest amount of effort.I had the breakfast dish creamed chipped beef on a raft of today and a side of two scrambled eggs.  The food came out incredibly quickly! It tasted great and the service was good too.  I would definitely come here again.Food bad, service bad.
Ordered a bbq burger with bacon.  Received a cold plain over cooked cheese burger with cold fries.  Wife ordered corned beef hash; she got a mix of corned and ground beef which was warm as they were cooking the ground beef.  Soda had zero carbonation.  Staff seemed too worried about closing up (45 min before they were suppose to close) to properly wait on us.  Maybe this is better early in the day, but avoid going here for dinner.The breakfast was delicious, we had the country Benny meal and the bacon was cooked to perfection! Great atmosphere and the service great!I've tried a different breakfast place in the Market a few times when I came to town but this time I decided to switch it up and go the Down Home Diner. The food was horrible. I had an egg platter with scrambled eggs, home fries, fruit and I also ordered a side of turkey sausage. No amount of pepper and ketchup could help the taste. A lot of it was gross but the sausage gave me a really bad stomach  ache. I actually spent the rest of the day in Philadelphia and the car ride home feeling miserable. The fruit they served had two rotten grapes in it so I question how fresh their food is.I didn't expect much because of the location and the hectic pace but was still disappointed. The food we got was unappetizing and because they were out of some items, they substituted without approval. The quality and service has seemed to have gone down hill this year. Not sure what's up. Will avoid this place in the future. Note the waitress was pleasant, polite and working hard. Still tipped her because the problems seem to be in the back and in management, not with the servers.I didn't check Yelp before stopping in a this place because I was in a rush and wanted a quick breakfast. I've learned my lesson.
To be honest, it wasn't god awful, but I've had way better diner food at plenty of places at a comparable cost. I will say that the coffee is delicious (it could have been the sweetener they have though)- but for 2.29 a cup- they're reaching with that. 
The food was meh to ok, but I wouldn't bother coming back when a sandwich off a food truck has more flavor and less cost.  I had the poach with scrapple, two poached eggs on a piece of scrapple. It came out lukewarm though I was sitting at the counter and they basically make it right in front of you. You get bread with it, I chose wheat toast, and they stick it, with their bare hands (YUCK YUCK YUCK) in the crappy toaster they have and leave the barely toasted bread out to get cold and catch flies. It comes with a tiny scoop of fruit, which is a nice touch I guess... For $4.99, which I don't consider a cheap price to get at least okay breakfast food, they could have done better.
Would I be back? Nope. Would I suggest? Nope, unless you prefer meh diner food.After visiting UPENN we decided to eat in center city.  The terminal market was an obvious choice and we picked Down Home Diner to have lunch.  So glad that we did.  My son had his first Philly cheesesteak & I enjoyed a plate of warm veggies that they call a warm salad.  It was terrific!  The service was fast and pleasant and the food was plentiful.
If my son attends the college we will definitely be back.Good prices. Fast service. Food is OK. I had corned beef with two eggs over easy. The corned beef wasn't to my liking. Good for groups. In the Reading Terminal which is something to see.A lot has changed since the last time I paid a visit to this location 10 years ago. There was no time like the present to revisit when I took an unexpected trip to Philly the day after christmas. 
For starters, the Reading Terminal Market was bustling for a Friday morning. We made our way to the Down Home Diner around 11:15 am and were sad they were not yet serving lunch. We had an agenda for the day so we ordered breakfast. 
We both ordered the same thing because it sounded amazing. 
Country biscuits with sausage, poached eggs and gravy with a side of fruit. The biscuit was really fluffy... but i dont think it should have been. It should have been flaky. and Buttery. the gravy was bland. And very thick.  the eggs were great and the sausages were good too. The side of fruit was covered in sausage gravy - gross. And the pices of fruit that were not covered were unappetizing. 
We both ordered this so we both powered through it. 
i odered a side of grits. they were bland and odd. Not good at all. 
the saving grace however was the side of thickly sliced bacon. ::hallelujah chorus:: I would come back for several orders of bacon. It was delicious. I really wanted to come back for lunch but the sausage and gravy sat in my stomach like a brick. 
The bottomless coffee was great!
The customer service was fantastic too. 
Try the side of bacon. and Coffee... 
stay away from the biscuits and gravy.One of my favorite places to grab lunch. Recommend the fish platters! Fast service and no wait and in the quiet side of Reading Terminal Market right near the Filbert exitCheap, quick and tasty. The coffee is hot. The food was cooked to order. The wait staff are helpful. It's all that you'd expect from a diner at breakfast. It's not high-end or fancy. If you're looking for some feel good, just like I make it at home food, then this is your place.Absolutely horrible place.  Had a bad experience a couple years ago, but stupidly tried it again.  This time it was even worse.  "Pot roast"  was a heap of brown stuff in what looked like a dog bowl,  served with old mashed potatoes.  The waitress put it in front of me without looking at me.  I guess she was embarrassed.It looks like there are two separate listings for Down Home Diner, but I don't get how they're different, and if they are, I hope I'm reviewing the right one. We came here in the evening when Reading Terminal Market was closed, and the entrance was on Filbert St, so that one.
Kitschy inside, but that was to be expected. Our server was nice enough, ran us through the specials. The boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger and fries as usual. I had a BLT on whole wheat. Both were edible, but I wouldn't go so far as to say tasty. The BLT had very clearly been waiting quite a while for the burger, as the toasted bread was completely cold and the bottom layer soaked through, while the boyfriend's burger was steaming and the bun still warm to the touch. Both had wilted butter lettuce (actually I am rubbish at identifying lettuce) and ice cold, mushy tomato slices. For $2 each, we received two paltry servings of ordinary shoestring fries. 
We were in the mood for dessert, but they only had bread pudding and that didn't sound appealing to either of us at the time, so we just had hot chocolate and that turned out to be not too shabby. 
Even before we left, the boyfriend complained that he was still hungry, so we went to Max Brenner and gorged ourselves into a chocolaty coma. But that my friends is another story for another time.I'm kind of flabbergasted by the reviews of this place.  Living in South Jersey, I have access to some of the best diners in the area.  Is this place the best? No.  Is this the worst? Not even close.  I went her on a Saturday around 10ish and didn't wait longer than 5 minutes for a table (meanwhile the Terminal was bustling at the time).  We sat down at a booth and were immediately greeted by the waitress for our drink orders.  Not even 3 minutes later our drinks were on the table.  The three people in our company ordered vastly different things. I had gotten the breakfast burrito and a side of bacon, my gf ordered the buttermilk pancakes and my friend had gotten the sausage and biscuits/gravy.  The food came out in roughly 10-15 min time.  At this point the place was packed and the line had gotten longer to get in.  The burrito was fantastic, the cheese was melted, the spinach was yummy and the eggs/sausage wasn't over/under cooked.  It was topped with salsa and sour cream.  I didn't care for that much, but had hot sauce on the table to spice up the burrito some.  The home fries served with it were good, but a bit salty.  Most diners don't salt them at all and leave it up to the customer; I prefer this method.  I tasted the gf's pancakes and they were fluffy and delicious.  My friend liked his food as well.  The bacon for the table was crispy, yet still juicy.  It was thick cut, which is my preferred style bacon.  Sure there are numerous places to eat for breakfast at the Terminal, but this place certainly shouldn't be avoided when looking for a diner style feel.  It's also ridiculously cheap for the entrees, which never exceeded 7 bucks.  The three of us ordered 3 entrees, 2 sides of bacon, 3 juices and a coffee.  Our bill was 36 dollars without tip.  Can't beat it.It's a Diner.
I don't expect a ton from diners.
My main gripe about this place is that because it's kind of famous, you tend to have to stand in line to get seated. The staff moves people in as quickly as possible, but it's still a noticeable wait.
The food is average diner food, in my opinion. The poached eggs I had were good, not too vinigerey, and the prices of things were definitely fair.
Good place to stop for cheap breakfast in center city, where lots of other brunch places are suuuuper overpriced.They added a takeout addition to the place with a glass display of $5 sandwich daily specials.  I got the Chicken Salad Waldorf in a hoagie.  It tasted ok, but not enough protein. The amount of chicken is about a deck of cards. I also got a cup of tomato soup with chunks of tomatoes.  It was good but $5.  So my lunch came to more than what I wanted to spend.  There are better choices at the Terminal if planning to spend $10 on lunch.Great food! Very tasty and filling. Also shout out to Jeffrey for the awesome service. :)Great basic breakfast! Quick service. Eggs and toast were done perfectly. Home fries were crispy, just the way I like them. Nice touch with a small fresh fruit salad on plate. Pancakes were not good, though- dry, no taste and 2 blueberries in entire pancake.The market is awesome but this little diner is fantastic, real food not processed with a home 'sit at the table' environment. I am definitely going back soon. The turkey club I had was real carved turkey not lunchmeat and my husband loved his burger. Everything comes from the market next door.This is the worst place to have breakfast at !!! The pancakes are really bad. I ordered mine with chocolate chips, which costed 2.5$ more than the original pancakes, and they barely had 3 tiny chocolate chips. 
The eggs were served cold - 
The waitress was very slow. I don't know why people still come to this place.
Definitely avoid it !This place needs to close down. I get here an we get seated quickly, I order a coffee with cream and sugar an the waitress comes back with a coffee saying they only have milk they ran out of cream. Now this really pissed me off its 930 am on a Saturday morning an you don't have cream for coffee at a Diner..WTF! It messed up my breakfast I don't like milk in coffee it is not the same. I order my food and it's the wrong thing cause she said she didn't hear me order the shrimp with grits platter. My boyfriend ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Scram, the orders came an I'm just baffled how do you put fresh cut fruit on a plate with hot food. Why isn't it in a bowl? My shrimp n grits tasted like it was cooked with bacon grease. My boyfriends order was ok he ate it but he's not one to complain he lets stuff go rather it's cooked right or wrong. I will never go back here to eat again, it just wasn't a good experience.We were seated immediately at the counter and our orders were taken. however, our waiter did not check in on us and we watched as four different places sat under the heat lamp for 15 minutes. We waited a total of 40 minutes from when we ordered our basic breakfast plates of eggs and bacon and waited an additional 20 minutes for our check after our plates were taken away. The food was mostly tasteless. The coffee was burnt. As I sat and waited....and waited...I saw the cooks cross contaminate as they cooked and throw egg shells on the floor as they were making eggs. Two women waitresses continuously looked at the food under the hot lamp, but let it sit as the discussed something seemingly unrelated to their job. Save your time, money and patience and go to one of the other amazing restaurants in the terminal.I've easten at the DHD at least a dozen times over the years.  It used to be on my top-5 list of dependable, non-expensive, straightforward places to go for a breakfast on a Sunday morning. After this particular Sunday's breakfast, the DHD is off my list.  
From the "bar" seating up front, I ordered their unlimited "220 mile" coffee, OJ, chocolate chip-cherry pancakes and thick-cut bacon.  I waited 40 minutes for my food.  In that 40 minutes, the server came by once to check my coffee, and that's because I slid my empty coffee cup to the front of the tabletop.  Even as I ate, the server never again came by to check my coffee.  Interesting contrast then came as I are my last bite of food... the server literally had my plate in her hand and she was cleaning up my spot. 
As for the food, I did taste a cherry in at least two bites of pancake.  No chocolate chips at all.  They were ok, nothing great (the *best* packcakes I've ever had come from another establishment in Flourtown/Erdenheim, PA - they are UNREAL).  My thick-cut bacon?  It was nothing more than a small handful of bacon scraps.  Really, for my $3 bacon, you give me scraps?  C'mon.
I did let them know with a note when I left.  I left an appropriate tip, too.  Oh.. and the nice, older gentlemen who sat next to me waited 40 minutes for an egg 'sammich.
You've lost me, Down Home Diner.It is quick, it was filling, it was a good value, and was exactly as I would expect a diner experience to be.  We have convention every year at the Philadelphia Convention Center and this is our go-to spot before it opens.  Service was decent and fast, and food was as expected.  I ordered the house made hash and eggs.  It was tasty.  I wish it would have come with home fries.  My companion got the sandwich on a long-roll and it was good too.  Lucky him, he got home fries.  Coffee was hot and refilled.  Price was open $23.  Everything appeared clean and tidy, which was nice.  It was definitely refreshed since last year.  New menus, new tables, cleaner appearing and feeling.  Nice job!I have given this place ample chances as I literally live across the street from Reading Terminal Market, but this place completely sucks every time I go there. I don't know why I ever deluded myself into thinking this place was worth checking out more than once. Service is ALWAYS terrible, they mix up orders frequently or just straight up lose them...In fact, I wish they had lost mine because the food is gross. A drunk, senile grandmother could make better homefries then they do. They were charred and black, the eggs were tasteless and the pancakes were worse. Lunch is also atrocious, brought out my sandwich and a full 20 minutes later deigned to bring my husband his without even so much as a "sorry." 
Bottom Line: DO. NOT. GO! There is nothing there that is worth the wait...plus look around, you are in Reading Terminal, there are MUCH better food options.In town for a conference a couple of weeks ago and this was the first pick of people who were familiar with the area.  We had a great breakfast and I only wished I'd made it back for lunch.  
I had the corned beef hash with over medium eggs.  Very different from my other experiences but turned out I loved every bite.  Being in vacation mode when she asked if I wanted a short stack how could I resist!?!?  I went with the buttermilk version and I'll have to say some of the best pancakes I've had in a while.  Just the right thickness and texture.  
All this with a d cent cup of coffee made my first morning in Philly a great start.Stopped in while a friend was visiting Philadelphia, the service was terrible and when I asked for cream for my coffee the waitress gave me super attitude. The only good thing about this place is their coffee. Pass.I am in the minority here, and I have always enjoyed the Down Home Diner. No, it's not the best meal you could possibly eat in Philly, but in my experience it's on par with any other diner in Philly. The food is decent and cheap, and you can be in and out pretty quickly to do some grocery shopping and get on with your day.
I've always experienced great service here, whether on a slow morning or during busy lunch rush. Servers are attentive, and friendly. All in all, a reliable stop in RTM.Great food that came out really fast. Amazing coffee and a friendly wait staff.. amazing grilled muffin!!!! Will def return.Great diner right within the Reading Terminal Market.  Nice comfort food choices. Quick service and priced right.It's really just ok. I've tried it twice and have been like meh. The staff is really sweet for how busy but it very expensive for what it is, but I really think it's just touristy because of reading terminal market. There are much better places in the market to eat though.  The sausage was over cooked and the biscuits and gravy had no taste. The pouched eggs were hard. :/I had some time to kill before my chinatown bus and took a seat at the diner bar area. It took me about 5 mins to flag down a menu. Then another period of time to flag down someone to take my order. My drink never came and i needed to flag someone down for that. Then after waiting 15 mins I inquired into my order- egg white scramble- and a few mins later someone came back to say my order was in. 
I'm not sure i'd want to do my job either if i had to wear those ridiculous overalls.
The person who sat next to me ordered the same thing I did 10 mins after me, and his food came out a few moments after mine. If this wasn't enough, i filled two napkins with this yellow liquid (oil or butter and water) that sogged down my plate. However the home fries were good and the price was right--6 bucks and change.
Reading terminal offers much better options.Sometimes good. Sometimes not. I ordered a salad and it was a bit wilted. The manager came by and asked how was everything, so I mentioned the condition of the salad and barely received an apology. I certainly did not receive a replacement salad or something that would have helped to make up for it. So...if I ever return, I will likely choose some place else to dine. Of course, its the terminal, so that will not be hard.I wanted to eat here because Jack McDavid is one of the originals on Food Network.  He was in Grillin' and Chillin' with Bobby Flay.  However, "Down Home" is not my thing, neither is catfish or collard greens.  I ended up with breakfast, which was ok but I have no interest in going out for breakfast.   The food was good and so was the service, and I'm sure it would be great for a country boy.Good breakfast food, fast service, and the coffee is far better than typical diner brew.Super convenient to my hotel, this was the only diner on the block.  I really liked the feel of the place, and was pleased when the waitress moved us to a booth when one opened up.  My companion recommended trying the scrapple as a regional delicacy...it was alright...fattier than breakfast sausage with a smoother texture, and porky flavor.  No complaints.  The gingerbread pancakes were not bad, though I didn't feel a need to finish them.  Unfortunately, once we were seated, our waitress was pretty neglectful, never bringing my juice and taking a good half hour to bring water.Food is good. Service at counter is really good. Service in the sit down section was awful!  Went here twice in 4 days. First time ate at counter. Food was good, inexpensive and fast. Went back two days later and sat down in "restaurant " section. What a disappointment. Had to ask twice for coffee. They brought my sons meal. We waited and waited. I finally got up and went and asked someone if they could get our waitress. She came and I said my sons almost done and my meal isn't out. Could you check, and could I get more coffee. About 10 minutes later she came back and said, oh they forgot yours. No coffee. Five minutes later I got my pancakes. Asked for more coffee. Never got it.  Don't sit anywhere but counter!  If there aren't seats, go elsewhere.We chose the Down Home Diner because of our love for Diners and the many wonderful breakfasts they provide. This place was and all natural local farm grocery and restaurant next to each other within the Large facility. I enjoyed my meal... a Philly Cheesesteak Omelet with fried onions, steak & cheese. Also with cooked pear slices. I support local businesses. Great quality!What a tourist trap! I have had much better at an IHOP! The menu says "Best Cheesesteak in Philly", I think that it should read "Best Cheesesteak within a five foot radius".
Why eat here when you have so many fantastic choices under the same roof? Please take my advice and explore all of the other wonderful places that Reading Terminal Market has to offer.I sat down to eat before I saw the ratings on this place but I'm glad I did because my experience was pretty great!  I sat at the counter and was immediately greeted in a friendly manner.  I ordered my seltzer and cheesesteak and received everything quickly.
My meal was very satisfying.  The fries were excellent (although I would have preferred a larger order) and the cheese steak was cheesy and oniony, just the way I like it.  Also, the roll they used was delicious!  
Plus, the whole shebang set me back less than $11.  Can't beat that with a stick!  I'm a fan.It's your typical diner fare.  Decent food, reasonably priced, and good service.  I stopped in for breakfast during lunch hour with a co-worker.  It's close to his office and he likes to go here.  We both had breakfast.  I had the blueberry pancakes with a side of turkey sausage and coffee.  The pancakes were 2 large pancakes stuffed with blueberries.  The turkey sausage consisted of 3 small links that were cooked a long time ago.  They were dry and the taste was off a bit.  Edible yet.  The coffee was surprisingly very good.  
Down Home is located in the Reading Market Terminal and it's a bit loud. Service was very good. I wouldn't hesitate to go back again.One of the worst meals that we've had in quite a while. Went for a quick bite after the Flower Show on the recommendation of a friend. Close to the Convention Center, and open later than the Reading Terminal Market.
Farm to Table? I don't know what "Farm". This place may be good for breakfast, although I'll never know as I have no plans to go back - ever.
Cheese blintzes with strawberry sauce & almonds: overlooked blintzes, almost no cheese, and strong taste of bacon/ham - not what I want with a cheese blintze. Penne with chicken tenders in a blush sauce: overwhelming taste of ham, chicken with an unappetizing texture. Turkey with gravy & potatoes: not a solid piece of turkey on the plate, looked like they were left over scraps from somewhere... but the cranberry sauce was good.
There are plenty of other places in the area to eat... go somewhere else.Down Home Diner is amazing. I am a pretty big fan, especially of their eggs. I've had the omelette - which I got with mushrooms and cheddar and spinach. Everything tasted super dooper fresh! Even the eggs taste fresh! I've also had the biscuit, and poached eggs on a biscuit - equally amazing. I have never had an issue with service, and definitely intend to head back sooner than later.I lived in Alabama for 14 years. I know "down home cooking"! This is really good. Not quite southern but still lives up to the name. Best biscuits and gravy I have had in PA. Friendly, clean, fast and affordable. I love the jute box!!There were so many options at RTM, but I'm happy I decided on Down Home Diner! The service was friendly and fast and their menu had a good mix of familiar and what seemed to be hyper local dishes. I decided on the Stuffed French Toast (stiffed with strawberry jam and strawberry cream cheese) and a side of Maple Turkey sausage links. o.m.g. The French toast was so good! This was the perfect breakfast to please my morning "something sweet with my coffee and a bit of savory " cravings. The coffee isn't anything to celebrate, but it was decent "diner" coffee and the food made up for it all.Yuck. Gets 1 star for the food, which is greasy but not "good greasy." Gets 3 stars for the service, everyone is very nice and accommodating.
The indigent people hanging outside the restaurant door aren't helping. The fries were industrial, as was the bread, as were the eggs. 
Not good. Avoid.This place was so close to the Marriott we stayed at in downtown Philly. We got the blueberry pancakes, French Toast and thick bacon. Everything was so good and the service was good as well!On a Sunday afternoon we just wanted a nice cool place to sit and eat without all the noise of the market. So we opted for the diner. Mistake.
My men both ordered burgers - I'm not sure if it was real meat. They both agreed that these burgers were blah! The fries were good. Just wanted to have one positive to say.
I ordered the shrimp and corn chowder. I could be mistaken but chowder is normally cream based...this was tomato based but the color was more of a brown broth and very thin. There were four pieces of shrimp in my bowl. Also I thought chowder has potatoes - no potatoes. Then there was the mystery meat in it - could have been some kind of sausage. Oh and the taste - none of that either. 
The waitress asked if I liked it - I said it wasn't good - she said - yeah I didn't think so. Good answer huh? I mean she was very nice with the service and I know she's not responsible for the preparation but it was a poor way of handling a customer. 
We won't ever come back and we won't recommend anyone to come here.
With the quality all around at the Reading Terminal this place should be at the top of its game.This diner is located in Reading Market and every time I've been here, it has been busy.  I practically feel sorry for the waitresses cause of the constant rush and the often nasty patrons who don't know how to wait.  The breakfast here is great, though often in small portions.  The corn beef hash is always delicious as well as the biscuits with sausage gravy, like down south.  Always try to hit this place at least once during my visit each time.This place is located in the The Reading Terminal market, which is an interesting mashup of eat-in restaurants and one off food stands... Worth a visit. The Diner, however, was mediocre in every way. Our family of 6 dropped in for breakfast and ordered egg dishes, hash, french toast, pancakes, bacon... ALL of it was no better than an ihop.YUCK! YUCK! YUCK! Ordered their chicken salad and it has got to be one of the most disgusting things I've ever eaten. Okay, so the salad had a bunch of mushy tomatoes, so i asked the waitress if she could bring me out another plate of sliced tomatoes. Her response, "Yeah... I can check, but most of our tomatoes are really old." Barf.Food is not that great. It can get pretty busy and service does suffer from it. Shared the buttermilk chicken and seared salmon. The buttermilk chicken is made from scratch, however, it does take a while to cook and it's crispy but the skin and flouring was a bit burnt. The seared salmon wasn't really seared and had a really cheap Chinese sauce on it.I've eaten here several times with co workers and every time I feel like I wasted my money. Do not go here if you are starving because they hardly give you any food and what you do get is not good. The other day at breakfast I had one of the scrambles. It was dry and cold and came with nothing. My co worker ordered bacon and eggs and he got bacon and eggs carelessly thrown together on a plate. No potatoes, no toast, no fruit, no nothing.   The kitchen has to be staffed with a bunch of careless line cooks because there is no way any self respecting trained chef would serve that garbage at any price. Please don't waste your money.I went here with a relative while we were visiting Philadelphia a few weeks ago.  It's located in the Reading Terminal Market (Center City) so there are plenty of stands to explore after breakfast.  
We both had pancakes, scrambled eggs, and coffee.  The coffee was good, nice and hot.  The eggs were also very good although it's hard to mess that up.  The major issue I had was with the pancakes, which tasted kind of odd.  Not that I didn't want to eat them, but something was in the batter that I simply could not pinpoint and believe me, I know my pancakes.  It might have been cinnamon, I don't know.  They were ok but not great.
The place itself is kind of cute but unless you get a booth (which is very hard to do on a weekend morning), the seating is not the best.  Since there is a small dining room, they tried to fit in as many tables as possible so I can't really blame them for that.
Give it a try, it's not horrible but it's not great.  If you want a simple breakfast, it will do.
Oh, and for my NJ pals out there, I'm just warning you that there is scrapple on the menu.  Since I'm from northern NJ, Taylor ham or pork roll is usually one of our meat choices at diners but not scrapple.  I have to admit it has always bothered me to see this on menus because it's not very appetizing, in my opinion.  But I know people must like it or else it wouldn't be offered.We were looking for a table for 4 to eat at the crowded Reading Terminal Market and the seating in the common areas market was very full. The diner was able to seat is pretty quickly and the food was decent, the service pretty good, and the atmosphere was what you might expect at a market.Doesn't look like much but I swear that crab cake sandwich was one of the freshest and best crab cakes I've had in awhile. This no frills diner is the perfect place to stop in for a quick meal. There were only a few other people in the restaurant at the time but our waiter was super attentive and made sure all of our needs were taken care of. The aoli that came on the sandwich was flavorful and gave the sandwich a boost as well.Place has really gone downhill. Ordered takeout upon opening at 8a: blueberry pancakes, orange cranberry pancakes and bacon egg and cheese on a biscuit. Both orders of pancakes were burnt, one burnt black, and the potatoes that came with the bacon egg and cheese were burnt black as well. Wasn't busy, couple orders made after me. Menu has full potential for deliciousness - however pride is product just isn't there. Don't understand how whoever was on the grill could serve black pancakes and feel it acceptable. My only recommendation is their biscuits.If this place is "down home" I'm running away from this home!!
Nice servers but the food is lackluster! The Crab cake Sandwich is described as "Blue crab and more crab..."
My question is WHERE'S THE CRAB???
The wafer-thin amount of crab is laughable and the bread is mere supermarket sandwich bread!! Don't bother with this!
I was crabby after ordering this sandwich! 
Of all the places around, I will skip this next time!!Worst place I've ever eaten. The homemade hash was worse than canned, was cold, not could through and mushy. Truly awful. Eggs were cold, service was less than great. Will never go backI was running all over on my last day in Philly and needed to find a place to eat some breakfast.  I decided to take a seat at down home diner where it felt very cozy within the hustle and bustle of things.  The cornbeef hash was excellent and the rest of the menu looked great, but unfortunately I could not eat it all in one sitting.  I would stop here again for breakfast!The down home diner... I very convenient place to have a sold breakfast. Hoe cakes were good! Country brent was very good and tasty! Good gravy! The country bacon is great!!! I perfect spot in the mix of everything in the redding terminal...
It is still diner food, but you know that it will be good.
I likes and will definitely coming backI've been going here for years. What a great place in a great location.  Reading terminal.  Food is great.  Breakfast lunch and dinner. Cant go wrong.  Great service. Reasonable pricing.I got the grilled cheese with fries. Th first time I ordered it the cheese was not melted at all. The second time half of it was burnt. Other than that it was okayOne star is too many for this place.  Started with the lukewarm coffee that looked like sludge. Dried out fried whiting (I know - what was I thinking), grits with no flavor, and potatoes that tasted like they were days old. Do yourself a favor and don't go. Your stomach will thank you.I am not writing a review about the food, because I have never eaten here....BUT, I walk by this diner everyday after work and you can see the cooks through the window. I have NEVER seen any of them wear gloves. I have seen the cooks touching peoples food with there bare dirty looking hands! GROSS!!! Today as I walked by the cook was making some sort of sandwich, and touched everything with his bare hands.I hate writing negative reviews, and I hate sending food back even more, but the meal I was served was inedible and overpriced.  I ordered two sunny-side up eggs and a side of the maple turkey sausage.  I told the waitress I like runny yolks, and I was brought two barely-cooked eggs.  The whites were completely translucent!!  I cannot believe I had to ask for my whites to be cooked.  Aren't eggs the first protein a diner chef should learn to prepare?  I was brought eggs a second time, and still the whites were not cooked.  Nobody wants to eat food that is reminiscent of snot.  My dining partner had already eaten half her meal by this point.  By the time my third plate of eggs arrived, the meat I had planned on dipping into the yolks was cold.  The sausage tasted decent, but the portion was so tiny: 3 links the size of a kid's thumb for $2.59.  I think my disappointment in this meal was magnified because there are so many fantastic dining options at Reading Terminal.This place was a great find within the Reading Terminal Market. I am not sure if it's local or a franchise bit it has a local eatery feel. I had the  Philly Cheese Steak Scrapple. It was pretty good. The homefries were nice and crispy and the toast had a home made cherry jam. So good.
PLUS
I forgot my wallet and told the server that I would even leave my laptop back as collateral while I went back to my hotel to get it. Her response, "No worries. I trust you".
Enough said.Shitty service. Shitty food. The waitress was bitching the whole time. Didn't bother asking how our food was. None of us were done eating and she just gave us the check. Like you couldn't wait till we were done eating???? My scrambled eggs were just a big chunk of eggs..... please don't come here. Go somewhere else for your food.When we come down from the suburbs to The Philadelphia Flower show at the Convention Center, we usually head across the street to the Reading Terminal Market. A number of times we have eaten in the Down Home Diner as Rachael Ray ate here on her show $40 a Day. Whether or not this has changed hands, as the first few times We ate here we got good food with generous servings. Yesterday I ordered a Philly cheesesteak (come on it's Philadelphia) and it was dry and tasteless and if there was cheese on it, I couldn't see it. My hubby got a burger and my brother got a catfish sandwich which they said were okay. We were seated next to the drink and dirty dish station, so that was annoying. We probably won't eat here again. My local restaurant makes cheesesteaks so much better!Came here for a omlette  to go . They were packed  on this Sunday morning . The lady taking my order was really sweet and I was able to build my own egg . It took a really long time to get my Order and was very frustrated being it shouldn't take 20 minutes to make a simple egg . I have to say this spinach omelettes was far from simple ,was one of the best I've ever had . Made up for the long wait .I was excited to have a "down home" breakfast that didn't give me twice my calorie allotment for the entire day. So I ordered the "healthy oatmeal" which was advertised as coming with baked apples and fresh-picked blueberries. The oatmeal was a humongous mass of gelatinous oats, and the blueberries were both frozen and visibly moldy. They came in a little side dish, not warm or anything with the oats. The server apologetically whisked it away but brought back more of exactly the same. I switched to the buckwheat pancakes which were not fully cooked. I gave up and ate part of them but I was surprised to have been charged the full amount for everything I had ordered. The server was so hurried I just paid it and left but I recommend avoiding this place in favor of the many great places inside the terminal market. They don't open until 8 which sent me to this diner when I showed up at 7:30, but I wish I'd gone hungry for half an hour. In the good side, the coffee was decent.Ok LOOK - 2.99 for grits and I expect some amazing bowl of grits...what did I get you ask. A 6 bite serving...talk about disappointed! 
So the service is that of most diners...that's ok
The coffee is that of most diners...that's mostly ok
The food and serving sizes...not like most diners and that isn't ok
On the up side, we got sat relatively quickly for a Sunday morning
All in all, really there are better places to get breakfast and I wish it wasn't so! I mean what a great location but not the best food unfortunately.pretty good food, we had the sausage and asparagus scram, the sawmill biscuits and gravy, both came with stewed apples.  Got in and out pretty quickly, for less than $25 including tip.Stopped here to check it out, and find someplace for breakfast. It was Columbus Day morning- the place was packed.
There are 'street signs' hanging from the ceiling, but didn't help much for our brief time.
I had the bacon and tomato scram with cheese, and a side of French toast. My wife had two eggs over, and blueberry pancakes. Both came with choice of toast and with fried potatoes- 
The pancakes aren't that great, the French toast and scram were great, would definitely order those again.
Although the terminal was packed, the wait was not unreasonable, for us.There was a mouse running around the restaurant with a french fry in it's mouth!
I get that the place is in an indoor market. I get the place is located above a train station.
The truth is I'm always impressed with how CLEAN the entire Reading Terminal Market is. How this place could be the dirtiest in the market is beyond me.
To the food. I had the loaded baked potato soup. It was ok, but not superior. Not very thick and mostly broth and carrots. Not a single piece of potato in my bowl. My friend had a grilled cheese with tomato and bacon. It was what the doctor ordered for a hangover. Nothing much more.
I don't think I'd ever go back.I had heard about their fried chicken dinner so I convinced some co-workers to join me for some down home cookin'.  Unlike many diners, the restaurant looked clean so that was a plus.  The fried chicken was quite delicious but the broccoli and mashed potatoes that came on the side were bland and pretty bad... I asked for some gravy to try and spice up my mashed potatoes but they gave me a watered down brown sauce with an awkward after taste.  We did split an order of mac and cheese that was pretty much cheesy deliciousness but very rich.  I recommend it to anyone looking for a basic home cooked meal with some pretty great prices but not if you are looking for a grade A dining experience.Stopped in here for a quick bite of breakfast. Service was awesome and quick. The food was just alright. I got scrambled eggs and hash browns with a biscuit on the side. The breakfast potatoes were really bland and could have used some seasoning. My eggs were a little bit runny, which I know some people enjoy. Their homemade biscuit was pretty good, a little bit dry.Came to Reading looking for some good diner food. Definitely didn't find it here. I ordered the country fried steak and eggs, over easy, waitress repeated my order then brought me out the country sceamble. When I explained the error she tried to blame me, my wife corrected her and eventually got my order...cold and eggs still scrambled. It took my wife 10 minutes and flagging down 3 staff to finally get syrup for her now cold and flavorless pancakes. Definitely will NEVER come here again. Bad food, worse service.If you want table service while eating at the Reading Terminal market, this diner is it. You can relax and enjoy the wonderful service and food. I had the hot turkey platter with fresh vegetables and what tasted like real mashed potatoes. The turkey was real roasted turkey and not that processed and pressed product. The only fault was too much gravy as I asked for gravy on the side and was told it is already mixed with the turkey. I asked for corn bread and do not mind paying extra for this, but there was no corn bread available. I remembered that the corn bread here was an everyday staple here, many years ago. 
The other eater's in my party had the chicken salad wrap and I did taste the chicken salad. It was wonderful. Our server was informative about the menu and kept our ice waters full. 
I also saw a group of eater's enjoying cheese steaks and fries here. The cheese steaks looked like something I will order here on my next visit.Nice atmosphere but service was slower than I anticipated for a pre-lunch meal. I ordered the brisket special and it was OK but not much BBQ sauce and I'm still trying to figure out if it was on rye bread or stale bread. Server was OK - not bubbly but pleasant and efficient.So if you want good simple food that tastes good and reasonably priced then make your way to this diner as it's worth it with the added bonus of being located inside Reading Terminal Market! The waitstaff was pleasant and we even got a chance to chat with one of the owners. I would fave given this 4 stars but had to take 1 off for a mishap we had with one of the pancakes but I'd definitely eat here again!Barely a 2.  Took a large group for breakfast.  Nothing unique or particularly impressive about this spot.  About as basic as it gets and the food is average at best.  Go somewhere else.This place is average to gross. They make a big deal about scrapple. It has a description of the scrapple history in their menu and the servers wear shirts promoting pon haus. Anyways, they feature scrappple!
So, since they were all in my face about scrapple I decided to give it a shot, just to try it. 
I am not a fan of scrapple, there is too much of a liver base that exists in the burnt spam looking mush.  
I understand it is a dutch thing but no likey
I gave it 3 stars due to the other entrees they were uhhhh A-OKOne star.  I would rate it zero stars if Yelp allowed it.  Completely inadequate service and food. Maybe it was because we arrived late on a Saturday night, but nevertheless it was a very bad dining experience.  I did not expect a four star dining experience, but I did expect decent, if not great food. We will not be back.
Despite the fact that the place was not all that busy, it took ten minutes for anyone to acknowledge our presence.  Menus were torn and food-stained.  Was told that they were out of mashed potatoes.   I made three separate food selections before the server admitted that almost everything comes with mashed potatoes and offered a substitution.
My companion and I both ordered meatloaf.  When it arrived, both servings were burnt black on the bottom.  I am especially upset that the cook must have known this, and still served it.  We sent both servings back.   After a long wait we got smaller, lukewarm portions.   My companion's meal had a piece of eggshell in it.  
The side orders of coleslaw and vegetables were done right, and I think that the meatloaf would have been quite tasty and satisfying under different circumstances.  
It was clear that they were running out of food. They should have closed for the evening or offered some kind of discount. 
Very disappointing.Overpriced tourist trap...avoid unless you enjoy boring, uninspired food.  So many incredible dining options in Reading Terminal, don't waste your time or money here.  Had a catfish po-boy, maybe other items are better but I am not going to take the chance.I've been there 3 times now.  Simple breakfast with the eggs cooked perfectly.  Which is a huge plus for me, it grosses me out to have runny whites in eggs.  We went back for lunch.  We both ordered the Philly which came with a large order of fries.  (definitely better than our experience at Carmens)  The servers were always friendly and accommodating and it is priced for the everyday person.  $5 for 2 eggs, home fries, toast and fruit; $8 for a Philly and fries.  I would be a regular if I lived here.I did not want to submit a review because my reaction to my breakfast was so negative, but when I opened Yelp and saw that I was not alone, I felt the desire to chime in. My grits and shrimp with a biscuit was awful! Both elements, the grits and the shrimp, were bland, unseasoned, and with no redeeming qualities. The jam for the biscuit came in a near thimble-sized plastic cup and was watery and a bit "turned" sour. What an unnecessary mess. These problems are not difficult to fix.
This next comment speaks more to price than quality, but the coffee was overpriced, as was my mate's side of bacon.Great food. Great service.  Nice atmosphere. Very happy with the cost would definitely come here again it's in the Reading Terminal MarketGets a bad rep on yelp. Fresh food. Reasonable price. Fun, busy atmosphere. Can be a bit of a wait on the weekends.An American Diner inside the very busy Reading Terminal Market. The food was very good. The place had good service and overall very happy with stopping by for breakfast!Arrived early at RTM and thought we'd try this place for breakfast.  Average diner food, not worth your money or time. You are better off waiting until other places open.Unfortunately my wife and I stopped in here to have breakfast before we went to the airport what A disappointment the breakfast was terrible my wife scrapple was burnt and so where her potatoes why scrambled eggs were cooked on a flat top that was dirty and the ham that I ordered was terribly over cooked  and Unedible don't know how you can mess up breakfastSeafood and sheimp chowdaI ordered the buttermilk flapjacks with a side of bacon. It was what it was, honestly. The only complaint is that everything seemed to lack flavor. The maple syrup was like a corn syrup flavor. I am from New England and this was the most disappointing thing of the meal.Teetering somewhere between three and four stars.
Pros: It's adorable, in Reading Terminal Market for some post-meal shopping, quiet, the food is pretty much all natural and nothing is from a can (or so the menu says), the food was delicious (my roasted veggie quesadilla had lots of eggplant and squash and was on a multi-grain tortilla.
Cons: a little pricey, they don't serve breakfast all day (WHAT?! this is a diner, right?), it took a little longer than we'd like to get our bill (the waiter did look swamped though).
i'd say overall worth it if you're looking for delicious good for you diner food in the market east area.There is a lot of good food to be had at Reading Terminal Market alas it is not at the Down Home Diner. Menu options were limited and uninspiring and the food quality was low. My Blueberry Pancakes - "Fresh Jersey Picked" in February ;) were OK if nothing special but the side of bacon was over-cooked and greasy, as if the bacon had been sitting in grease and soaked it up. Service was equally unimpressive. We had to beg ketchup and syrup off of neighboring tables, coffee was never refilled and the check had to be requested well after the plates were cleared. Wobbly tables and dirty menus completed the trifecta of terrible. This place is due for an overhaul.My family & I had A late lunch on September 14th. Seated very quickly.  Wait staff super friendly. Explained that we are vegetarian & waiter made sure any item that we ordered was meat/fish/poultry free. The food was delicious, the portions were large & the prices reasonable. We would definitely visit again.I should have paid more attention to reviews before visiting. I ended up here after intending to go to Dutch Eating Place but it had no seats open and I needed to grab a quick breakfast. I sat for a few moments before being acknowledged and nearly left at that point. I ordered the cheese steak eggs. Great concept but underwhelming execution. Portion size was small and had hardly any steak. The sides that came with the breakfast that were equally disappointing include a tiny fruit bowl, a few potato wedges and mediocre toast. It's a breakfast, nothing special. I wish I would have waited for my original destination.Horrible food. Horrible service. Brought out tthe food in three waves about 15 minutes apart. All of the food was cold. Would give 0 stars of that was an option. This place was like my friend Erin's meaty clackers....Husband wanted a high carb breakfast day before the Philly Marathon.  While touring the RT (we are not big fans; sorry) we wanted a real "sit down" place.  Saw this place on the map and went.  Busy time of day but got a table quickly.  people do not tarry long at this place -- it has a weird vibe, dark, old, unclean.  He ordered blueberry pancakes.  They were so dry that you could actually watch as he poured syrup on them they soaked it up immediately.  He continued to put syrup and still they soaked.  we then tried to eat them and they were still as dry as dust.  Service was indifferent.  Just not good.Food here was pretty good, the staff was friendly, and we were surprised to get a table during a convention. We weren't blown away by the food, but it's a typical greasy spoon. I got the cheesesteak eggs, which were hearty and yummy.On Sunday morning at 9 am, most places are not open in the Reading Terminal Market.  After walking around for a few times, we decided to wait in line to eat at the Down Home Diner.   We were seated after about 5 minutes wait in line.  We ordered Steak Scam.  The food came pretty quickly, but it did not look too Impressive.  The cheesesteak was mixed with scrambled egg and some cheese. There was a side of home fries, some cooked apple and 2 slices of bread on the side. The steak scram needed some extra kicks or seasoning.  The home fries was good, looked to be deep fried.  The toast was slightly burned on the edge but almost cold when I got them.  The toast came with butter and (mabye) mixed berry jam.  I personally did not care for it.
I don't think I will try Down Home Diner again.Why didn't somebody tell me this was a tourist trap!!  Aargh.
Had the Sawmill Gravy, with biscuit and sausage.  Gravy was perfectly acceptable and the sausage nice and flavorful if not a bit on the thin and, dare I say, dry side.
The biscuit had a nicely textured exterior but was unfortunately dense on the inside.
All in all, I haven't met a biscuits and gravy I didn't like and this was no excption.
French toast was ok, strawberry topping not much flavor.  Just ok
Oatmeal looked decent but the toppings each came separately in tiny little plastic containers.  Silly.
Friend had the cheesesteak omelet that he seemed to like.  
All in all nothing special here, and as others have said, it is hard to argue with the fact that there are much more interesting options throughout the terminal.We ate breakfast here two times since we were staying across the street. We ordered blueberry pancakes, very fluffy and delicious! I had an omelet, home fries and homemade biscuits, fantastic! The eggs over easy were perfect. The corn hash was the best my husband has ever had. Staff was friendly and attentive. Highly recommend this place!Philadelphia Yelp, I'm so disappointed. There should be some mechanism in place to keep visiting Yelpers away from this place, something like a Greek chorus. It should pop up via a hologram right inside the door, singing about how diners should beware instead of throwing themselves upon the rocks of terrible food. 
I will admit that I was a little wigged out by the reviews of my old favorite, the Midtown II. I thought, "Maybe my beloved Midtown II has gone downhill since I lived in Philly. Maybe I shouldn't take my sweet lover to a bad restaurant." AH HAHAHAHAHAHA. No. In my fear of taking my lover to have a bad meal, I took him to have a bad meal. 
The fact that the diner was completely empty at dinner hour should be a tip. 
Second tip: the kitchen had the griddle turned off halfway through dinner hours. 
Third tip: the server was deep in a Russian novel, and she admitted to just starting it two hours ago. (I asked. I like Russian novels, okay?) 
Not to belabor this point, but Yelp, it was bad. My partner ordered the only good thing on the menu. He got the seasonal vegetable salad, which had this lovely warm dressing and fresh squash mixed in with the usual salad fixings. Even the coke was flat and a little weak. Ouch. 
No point hammering on about a bad meal. I'm sad we ate here when the city has better to offer. 
Accessibility notes: no Braille menu or signage. Plenty of space for mobility devices. Can get loud during peak market hours.After a long night of having fun, I needed a greasy, fulfilling and quick breakfast to start my Saturday. Down home diner looked like the place that could fit that bill. 
My boyfriend and I ordered the same thing, eggs over medium, homefries, bacon and biscuits with coffee. The coffee was quite good, and I enjoyed the homefries. The bacon was good, but we expected a little bit more after seeing all of the delicious quality bacon that Reading Terminal has to offer. An order of $2.99 comes with 3 pieces of bacon. I am revolted by really runny eggs and unfortunately that is what I received. However, the biscuits were the saving grace at Down Home Diner. I was still able to sop up some protein with the crumbly, flaky glory that was the biscuit. 
The service was attentive and fast. I would actually come here again, but this time ordering scrambled eggs!In Philly for the first time. This place was recommended by hotel staff.  Came here for breakfast and glad we did.  We ordered pancakes, French toast and the cheesesteak scram.  We all loved our food.  Service was great and fast for as busy as it was.  
Would definitely stop by again, next time I'm in Philly!I ate breakfast here this morning as I was in town for a conference and couldn't stand the thought of another hotel bagel. 
On the plus side, they have the option of real maple syrup which is almost worth 5 stars by itself as far as I'm concerned. I understand that it's expensive, but make it an option and I know people will take it! 
Also they have real Philly scrapple. I grew up in central PA where scrapple is a staple but tends to be on the bland side. In Philly they make it spicier and this was very tasty. 
Unfortunately the main event of breakfast - the pancakes - didn't live up to the delicious syrup or the accompanying scrapple. It's too bad. Maybe I will go back before the end of the week and try their eggs. In any case I left full, but feeling that my breakfast was inconsistent.I was surprised to see how low the overall reviews are for this place!  I think it's important to rate a diner among other diners, not among all other restaurants.  Or maybe we just had dishes that were more successful than the ones in the other reviews.  Let's see.
I had eggs and toast, with home fries and fruit.  I also had a biscuit on the side.  My DC had the turkey dinner.  I wouldn't say my food was the best thing I've ever eaten, but there really wasn't anything wrong with it.  My DC was very pleased with his food.  He said that the mashed potatoes tasted like something he would make at home, which I took to be a compliment.  
Service was just fine and the prices were too.  Yes, the biscuit was too crunchy, but I'm not going to give a scathing review for the little things.  It's a familiar place in a huge market full of craziness, and I enjoy it.  :)Worst food ever. One star is too many. Ordered pancakes the waitress put a side of collard greens on the same plate, leaked all over them. My husbands burger was overcooked. It was just awful. Never eat there againGood food and great breakfast. It's inside the Reading Terminal Station which so many different places to eat and also shop. It's in Central City Philly and perfect location for everyone. It opens early so if you wants good breakfast this is the place. Prices are good and the food betterI come to Philly for the Flower Show every year, and eating breakfast here is always a highlight.  Super fresh eggs, great corned beef hash, wonderful scrapple, incredibly hard-working servers.  My friend and I had a wonderful time again this year and everything was great.  Oh yes, the prices are very reasonable.Had quick service and breakfast that was good not great. I got the bacon scramble which was scrambled eggs with bacon, tomatoes & cheese. It came with fruit and toast. I definitely wish there were more eggs but you get a decent amount of food for a cheap priceThis has become my home-away-from-home while attending a fast-paced conference near by. I have been easily able to grab a seat each time and the food comes out relatively fast and have not been disappointed yet. Prices are good. Wait staff vary considerably each time I have been here. They get a solid four stars for good food and good prices with seating, away from the mobs of people!Blech! With all of the great food in the Reading Terminal Market, don't bother with this diner. Apparently they don't use the same quality as the other wonderful food stores in the market.
Atmosphere - When you think Reading Terminal Market, many words spring to mind. Authentic. Mouthwatering. Comfort Food. The atmosphere is the bright spot of the restaurant, with it's country flair and 'farm fresh' appeal. Counter service is available, but a booth or table is good for the dinner crowd as well. Place has a cozy feel right next to the busy Convention Center.
Waitstaff - Waitresses were nice and recommended a booth instead of the counter. Nice to feel welcome when you're a new diner to a place. Brought out drinks quickly, but couldn't sub fries on a sandwich meal for a side of something is beyond me. I understand if there were twenty tables, but when there's four or five, you want to make an extra effort. 
Food - Highly, highly disappointing. Wife and I were excited to try the menu items. She loves breakfast and went with the French Toast with a side of bacon (a la carte = a la cheap). French Toast was undercooked, soggy, and buttery. Bacon was lukewarm like it had sat under a heat lamp for an hour or so. I went with the Grilled Cheese on Multigrain and fries. Grilled Cheese was very good, but fries cam in two kinds (shoestring and crinkle cut). All were well undercooked and had zero taste. Basically empty carbs with a sandwich. Didn't stick around for dessert either.
Intangibles - Ran out of the brewed tea during the dinner rush, IMHO, not a good sign during dinner. Only takes cash, no credit cards, so if you are going, plan ahead. May be a different atmosphere for breakfast, but we won't be checking it out.
Overall - The Down Home Diner does not feel like Home, and I am not Down with anything they served. They really need to bring up their game, unless they want to be known as the 'greasy spoon' of the Reading Terminal Market. Unless there's no other option, steer clear.Such good breakfast, Country Benny was awesome, huge portions. Bacon was fresh and their cherry jam is delicious!Has the catfish the pulled pork and cheese toast and they were all substandard not even worth commenting. Even the fries were oily and coolThis place is pretty good. We went on a Sunday around 11am and sat at the counter. I had the shrimp and grits and my friend had the pancakes. He says they are the best pancakes he ever had. That may be an exaggeration on his part, but to tell you the truth they did look pretty good. We will be back!Staff was attentive and friendly. The grilled cheese was nothing special, the tomato soup looked and tasted more like marinara sauce, it was weird. I asked for a sample of their chicken bean soup -and good thing I did- it was very bland.Don't take the fact that I only give it 3 stars as a sign that I am saying it is not good. The 3 stars is more of a reflection on the poor rating system rather than it being just average in terms of food. It is pretty good. The food was above average. The prices were reasonable.
Check out the menu. It is kind of an old school themed diner with a Southern twist. Many of those diners are more so in theme and decor than anything else. Down Home Diner is consistent with the theme even in the menu. 
http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/down-home-diner/menu
I give it 3 stars but only because the rating system stinks! I wish it had 10 stars and also had buttons you could click on for ambiance, food, decor and service it would help. Anyway the young man who served us was  one of the most wholesome looking kids I have ever seen!
We took this hill billy from Albany ,you know how they are! He loved it! 
I had the bamyard fresh eggs scrambled with country bacon, fresh ripe tomatoes & local cheese. My husband had the  Philadelphia Scrapple, bottomless 200 mile coffee  and bottomless 200 mile coffee.
It is certainly worth a try the bacon was really good and everything was really fresh. We only had breakfast there so I can't comment on lunch. We we have been by for lunch there was always  a line but we did not encounter that with breakfast.Don't plan an excursion to an event in the Convention Center w/out starting your day here for great friendly service and amazing food, coffee, et al.I visit this spot every time I'm in town.  Good food and quick friendly service.  Today we had the healthy oatmeal and the egg white feta scramble, both delicious and the scramble came with potatoes and fruit.  The prices are very reasonable. Yum!Down Home Diner is a throwback 50's diner in the Reading Terminal. It's where you'd find Guy Fieri if was in Philly in need of some early morning scrapple. It's simple, no nonsense food. Southern cooking with a Penn-Dutch flare.
I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for breakfast because in the 215 you have options galore. But if you're nearby at say the Marriott, then you should definitely walk over to the Terminal and get you some Philly breakfast. Solid food with a cool vibe but if you come around lunch time then I'm suggesting you think twice and get you something else in the Terminal. This place is strictly for early risers who are craving some OJ, over-easy eggs with a side of scrapple.
Down Home is the perfect in and out breakfast spot.Now that I'm back living in SE PA, its nice to see an "old friend" still in business. Service was quick and efficient if a little cold. Good simple diner food, a bit more expensive compared to a typical diner. I presume the food is still sourced locally but it doesn't have the 'edge' it once had. Not sure if it is still owned by Jack McDavid but it remains a good spot for a hearty breakfast or lunch.The portions were big for the price you pay. The servers were fairly friendly and the atmosphere was very laid back. 
I ate here for breakfast on the last day of my visit. It was very relaxing.I noticed this place prior to entering the Reading Terminal Market, as it was still 8:30 am on a Sunday morning.  I ordered the poached eggs with scrapple and apple home-fries.  I really enjoyed my breakfast here, especially the home-fries and scrapple.  I thought the food came out quick, my only gripe is that the service seemed a bit rushy.  Great prices for a decent breakfast, I think next time I will try the Virginia ham!Down Home Diner is the first level of Hell in Dante's inferno.  It lulls you into thinking it will be quaint, but it is just slop.
Where to start?  How about the stupid outfits the waitresses wear? (See Nicole R's review) And speaking of the waitstaff--why do I need to stand for 5 minutes while they buzz past me and my party like we aren't standing there and there aren't 3 open tables?  Then why do they seat us but not give us MENUs, water, or silverware?  Then why, once we finally order, is ALL OF OUR FOOD BURNED?!?!?!?! Does Satan work in the kitchen?  Really? I feel his culinary talents would be so superior to this dull, mushy, burned yet undercooked food.  (really? do you need to burn my OMELET?)  Why did I have to wait 5 minutes to pay my bill while the woman-who could clearly saw me-wiped down the counter and cleared plates (something 2 other waitresses were also doing)?
Oh I know, it's because the entire meal for 4 people was $22 including tip.My family and I visit Philadelphia several times a year and one of the reasons is the breakfast at Down Home Diner!  We stay near the Reading Terminal Market so we can enjoy both the market and the diner.  The french toast is perfect and the maple syrup is such a nice alternative to the artificially flavored ones usually served.  My son says the pancakes here are the best he's ever tasted.  The service is great and we love that the food is grown locally.   We will be back often.Maybe I didn't have any sort of issues with this place because I went in expecting diner food, at lunch time.  I got it, it was good, and I moved on.  At (literally) noon, we waited 3 minutes for a seat, then got one, ordered, got exactly what we ordered (and it was tasty), didn't feel like we were rushed out of the place, and went along our merry ways...The food was not good. The service was sub par. And, the presentation left much to be desired. When asked how my meal was, I expressed those feelings- nothing was done.The menu offers a robust selection to choose from.  The catfish was great!Great service and great food, I had the corn beef hash and a cup of grits. Corn beef hash doesn't get any better! That definitely wasn't canned! Fresh & authenticso, it's been several years since i have been to the Down Home Diner.  The service was mixed.  Our waitress was nice, but the guy who brought silverware to our table of 7 put a pile on forks and knives and napkins on our table and walked away.  I guess the idea was, this is a diner, casual, we should split up the silver and pass it around ourselves?  Seemed a litte odd to me, but hey?  Place was pretty busy, we waited to be seated.  Food was decent.  I had corn pancakes.  they seemed a little hard, as if maybe they had been made a few hours earlier and held warm.  The Turkey sausage was decent.  the hash brown potatoes were nicely browned, but a little bland.  So, all in all, a 3-start place, A-OKSolid no thrills classic diner. Had the sausage, biscuits gravy plate w/ scrambled eggs, amd lemon poppy pancakes with homemade strawberry jam were great. Didnt like the cheesy grits but Good coffee, attentive servers and friendly staff.Philly cheese steak is good, and filling. The crab cakes are very interesting as they are grilled like the cheese steak, have plenty of crab, and some unusual spices to make them rather unique tasting in a good way.
The seating at the counter on the stools is nostalgic, fun.
The bathroom is built as a room that is in the middle of the dining area, surrounded by tables. You can hear conversations at the tables all around you while inside the bathroom. Made me glad we sat at the counter at the stools far away... as sound is a two way street!
Waitress was good, helpful, polite, friendly.
It is in a tourist area so you are paying higher prices than you might expect. It wasn't horrible like Las Vegas strip prices though.
Over all, a pleasant experience in a market diner. Just make sure you sit "on" the stools vs "near" the stool.Great simple place to grab a bite.  The tables are always busy but you can normally get a place to sit quickly. Police officers, locals, tourist, all come to have a meal here.  I had the western omelette which was average but the service you get here was pretty good.  My server seemed pretty attentive and was able to get me what I needed quickly as I had to get to the airport.  Good quick place to catch a meal made by the omish.Straight up: simple diner food. No surprises, no jokes - just like the movies or TV. Stuff here comes greasy, cheesy and with a side of pork. 
The GOOD: Get in, get out, get on with your life. I asked what was popular this morning, and - interestingly enough, the Philly steak scramble. As a tourist to this town, I found that slightly shocking. With all the happy cops dining here, I figured locals would be eating something less - touristy. Nonetheless, I tried it out. It reminded me of when I am at home, and I try to make an omelet, but it messes up when I try to fold it, then just mix it all up - BAM! Scramble. With some steak mixed it, oozing with cheese and sided with potatoes and... stewed apples? I don't know about the apples, but, they were there. 
The BAD: It's definitely not the most glamorous place - but, it's not trying to be. Period. Good diner food is all they are going for, and complaining about anything would just be ridiculous. It would be like being mad at McDonalds for using fat to fry their ... fries.
OVERALL: No wonder cops pack the booths up at this place... many of the workers have shirts that state, "I HEART BACON." It is, what it is.Meh - as a Yelper said - I second that.  Breakfast for 3 of us came to $32.  Pancakes (tried both kinds), French toast, eggs, omelet - standard fare with a "healthy" twist - served with apples/tomatoes.  Just so-so - kinda expensive, I think.  There's gotta be a better diner, but our hotel recommended it.  I'd say find a better place for breakfast.Down Home Diner- it's unfortunate you are in the terminal. I really wish you close up. Your time is over. My salad today looked like someone took veggie scraps and instead of throwing them out - put them in a container and added a side of honey mustard DIP, not salad dressing. Also my croutons were missing. I asked server if there was a folk in bag, she affirmed. There was not fork. If you can't get a salad right.....
I work in an office nearby and you lost all of our business. We all laughed at the pathetic salad, then me for not looking at it before walking away. NEVER AGAIN, especially since there are so many other good choices around.The food was alright; I was not blown away by it though. It's very clean inside.  People were friendly!Came here with a party of four, seated immediately and service was very good. Food was sub par.  French toast was not cooked properly and a little mushy. I would say pass on this one.Walked in, walked out.
Crowded, poor service, mediocre food.
But it is convenient when you just NEED to sit down in RTM.
Asked for water several times.
Tripped over strollers.
Not a fun experience at all. (Which is a shame because I LOVE Jack McDavid - not sure if he still has a hand in this biz,)The diner is in a cool place in the Reading market.
The service is pretty good and they pour a good cup of coffee.
I had the corn beef hash with a biscuit. The hash was ok it does not have potatoes in it, the corn beef was very fresh and that was a plus.
In the future I would find somewhere else to eat.I believe all places, people, etc. have good and bad days,and you can't judge an entire establishment based on what be one bad day.
However...
Absolutely abysmal.  I'm a Vegetarian, and usually have no problem finding things to eat in Philly, and there were a couple salad options, so I ordered the pasta veggie salad.  It was lettuce, 1/8 of an old nasty tomato, and some horribly overcooked spiral pasta slapped on top.  That was it.  Seriously.  No dressing, nothing else.
I went up to the counter and got the dressing, which did not help.  After a couple bites, I actually complained (this was my FIRST complaint at a restaurant, ever).  
My waitress was very nice, and asked if I wanted her to take it off the check.  I told her it was fine, but she took it off anyway.  
And, to top things off... after we left, the person I was with told me there had been a mouse darting in and out from behind the juke box in the back.  (I'm horrified of rodents, so he didn't tell me until after).
Sorry, but I wont be returning.  
If you're in Reading Terminal, there are SO many wonderful places to eat, unfortunately this isn't one of them.Came here on a Wednesday, around 1:30ish, so I'm guessing after most of the lunch rush had cleared out.  I had the beet salad, which was pretty good.  Server was nice and attentive without making us feel rushed.  I usually try to avoid eating at the Reading Terminal Market if I'm in a hurry, but I'm definitely planning to come back here soon.I see some people complained it was a "tourist trap" - - and I was a tourist, so ok - -  but I didn't see the problem.  For a diner, the place was very clean, staff was attentive, food was fresh and tasty.  I am not a Philly native, nor am I a tourist who seeks sterile homogeny - - rather I know what you mean when you say "tourist trap" but I thought it was fine.Worst service ever. I left after being walked past and ignored for 10+ minutes. After seeing the reviews, I'm glad I dodged that bullet.First time to Philly...first Philly cheese steak.  Not impressed! Add seasoning...it's ok. Everything from the fried chicken to the burgers to the cheese steak...lack of taste. But like I said ...we just got here and we're starving!Maybe I'm just lucky.
Contrary to a lot of other experiences posted here, the times I've visited DHD have been all very satisfying.  I never had any issues with the service and the food we ordered came out just fine. 
In my most recent visit I gave the cheesesteak a try.  Obviously it's not "Philly's best" as named, but it tasted fine to me.  I wouldn't say it's the best I had by any stretch but it still was good and I also thought they served some pretty good fries with it.  An order of slaw on the side was also a nice compliment though I have to agree with others that their sides seemed a bit overpriced given how little is actually served.
My lady got the breakfast burrito and she was happy with her dish too.  Our server was pretty attentive and checked on us frequently, even though the place was kind of busy for a Saturday lunch.  
Personally I'd come back again and maybe I just lucked out when it comes to my overall experience.  Keep in mind I'm giving this place a rounded up 4 stars (from 3.5) in relation to other diners I've tried in the past.  I most certainly wouldn't compare this place to a fine dining establishment, but for what it does, it does just fine.I was really excited about coming here because of Yelp. Cute place packed and they seated 9 of us on a Sunday quickly. The menu talked about fresh coffee beans which I thought would be great coffee, I usually don't expect great coffee at a diner, well it wasn't, just drinkable. I ordered cornbeef hash,  homemade, salty and my eggs over easy were really easy. My husband had the breakfast burrito where were the eggs? It was more like a quesadilla but small. I shouldve ordered the pancakes they looked delicious but my favorite thing for breakfast is homemade cornbeef hash if it's on the menu I always order it. San Francisco  'Q' still has the Best. Needless to say I was disapointed, I left hungry. My Hubby and I left and split a pastrami sandwich in the food court that was delicious.Had two breakfasts here and they were good, fast, and plentiful.  Corn beef hash was good and served with apples which we liked.  Egg burritos were good, too and quite filling.  Great for diner food and fast.  Liked being able to sit and relax without having to fight for a place to sit in the Market.Food was ok. I ordered the fish and grits. What I received were three tiny pieces of curled up whiting. I was told this is how it's served. The waiter sat my check down before he asked was everything ok with the food. For this place to be in the reading terminal I was expecting more. I'll stick to the Dutch or the oyster bar for breakfast.It's quite unfortunate that such a .. cute? homely? place is actually a horrid trap of an experience.
I stopped in here after the Philadephia 8k, half, and full marathon and did not have high expectations - I just wanted some food!!  Ordered a simple enough chicken sandwich, some fries.. no big deal.  My friend got a cobb salad, an omelette (we were kind of tripping over ourselves with hunger).
The chicken was so dry and flavorless, while the salad was wet and flavorless.. The tables were sticky, the service was.. horrible.  1 poor guy for at least 15 tables. It was an all around disappointment.  It would have been better to just eat some over the counter food inside the market.The Down Home Diner was my breakfast stop when doing business in center city. They served the best salmon omelette outside of my kitchen. Notice that I'm using past tense. Today, I hurried in and was seated. The waitress asked if I wanted coffee. Yes. She left me with a menu, but I told her that I know what I want. As she retrieved my coffee I noticed that the menu had a new look. I further noticed that my coveted salmon omelette was no longer on the menu. It's been replaced with a Maryland crab something with lava sauce. What? Did I walk into Taco Bell? I searched the menu for suitable replacement with no success. I told the waitress that I was honestly disappointed that the salmon omelette wasn't available. She replied that the menu changes regularly. I told her that the salmon omelette had survived menu changes for years. She agreed and said that the son had taken over - so...Would you like to try something else? Nope. I paid $3.00 for a 6 ounce cup of coffee that I didn't drink and left her a $2.00 tip. I told that I'm not returning until the salmon omelette is back on the menu. 
But don't let my rant dissuade you. I thoroughly enjoyed the salmon omelette because it was very tasty and it's ingredients fit in with my diet. They do a brisk business and the service is above average. I think they source their ingredients from within the Reading Terminal.Came here for a quick breakfast. It was a nice change of pace from the fast-food type breakfasts being served elsewhere.
But a few days later, I'm having trouble remembering what was special about the breakfast.  The service was adequate but overall, it's just a diner food.
That's not a bad thing. But just don't expect miracles.Ok my bad I didn't yelp until we sat down. Heed the warnings don't eat here had the corn beef hash. It was god awful in fact I didn't eat it. Way to many other places to eat, no idea why it's so busy.Really disappointing. Came here in 2009 and had delicious buckwheat pancakes paired with great breakfast sides. Everything was delicious. Went back nine years later on 6/7/18 and it was incredibly disappointing to have such an underwhelming experience the 2nd time around. Turns out they no longer serve buckwheat pancakes. No biggie. Problem is, I ordered blueberry pancakes that ended up tasting like they were thrown together with the poorest ingredients and no effort. They were dry, ill tasting, and  had an off-putting amount of cinnamon. Sadly, I won't be going back. Sucks because it was my bday and I went there to have a nostalgic breakfast. I should have just tried out Dutch Eating Place (another restaurant inside Reading Terminal).We stopped in for lunch while in town for the Philadelphia Marathon. We thought the food was quite good, but I wouldn't say that it was outstanding or particularly memorable.
We ordered a cheeseburger and a Philly cheesesteak. The meat was flavorful and cooked well - very fresh. The fries were thicker cut, which isn't my favorite, but they were cooked well and not over seasoned. 
The waitstaff is fantastic and attentive. And, on a cold day, the heater was set at just the right temperature to keep you (and your food) at a comfortable temp while sitting for a meal.The short: Decent diner, good, if conventional, food, prices not at all unreasonable given location, atmosphere pleasant if plain.  Kind of odd that it's survived at its present location; would expect something, well... better, to be there.
The long:  Popped in for breakfast with my aunt late one morning before we wandered around the Market buying everything in sight.  The decor is... odd.  It seems like an attempt to build a barn inside a 50's diner that is, itself, clearly not really a diner... but the "roof beams" they've installed come off looking like the interior of a traditional Japanese or Northern Chinese timber-framed home.  Whatever, we'll roll with it, right , it's survived Reading Terminal Market for quite a while so the food has to be special, right?
We soldier on.  We're seated quickly, as it was off-hours, and had coffee and juice in-hand within about a minute.  I have absolutely no complaints about the service.
Looking over the menu, I begin to get the inkling that this is actually not some extraordinary dining spot; my aunt (also my go-to person for things to do in Philly since she went to school and lives in the city) chose it for convenience, not off-the-hook food.  Anyway, I decide on the hoecakes, hoping for something special that the menu just failed to point out.  Nope.  Long story short, I'm not disappointed; they were good... but neither am I particularly impressed; they were plain.  It's a diner.  That's all that can be said for or against it.  I was crestfallen only because everywhere else we've gone has been ridiculously good; on its own merits, Down Home is perfectly acceptable... but that's a hell of a word to apply to a restaurant, no?Went there for lunch with a friend.  They were not busy.  My friend ordered a turkey platter.  The waitress forgot the cranberry sauce, but we couldn't get her attention and gave up trying.  I had water, but was charged for a soda.  Mindless service.  The food was mediocre.  Will never return to that place.Pretty bad diner food. Items not as described. Sand in the fried chicken.Meh.  it was ok.
Honestly, in a city with a dozen diners, this would be the last one I'd come to.  However - I was in the area and hungry.
I don't think I'll be back unless Im in that predicament again.I agree with much of what Lisa says in her review. The soups are pretty good and there's not usually a wait at the counter. 
One mistake I've made is getting the grilled cheese twice. It's the blandest sandwich I have ever eaten. I guess they don't use butter, it's white bread and even the cheese is bland. The first time I thought it was a mistake but I forgot, ordered it again today. At least I know it's not me. 
I will be back, but prolly for a BLT.I used to come here occasionally but haven't been in years. I remember my wife and I having very fresh and delicious well prepared meals jere. I took my family to the market and decided that this is where we were going to spend our money. The food has fallen so far I'm shocked that Jack had anything to do with this place anymore. It was an utter disappointment.Party of three Sunday late afternoon. The market terminal and all businesses busy due to the car show.
The market terminal was not as I remember. It is run down, and very disappointing. Lack of seating and clean restrooms.
The down home dinner is in the market terminal. We were greated seated, and served by Jeffrey. Very friendly and attentive.
Unfortunately our food was just fair. Burger, cheesesteak and breakfast. The portions were small and flavorless.
Will not be returning to this restaurant or the market terminal.I've stopped by for a quick bite on the way to work for the las couple years, always loved the food and the service. Tonight I was in the city for an unplanned visit to the Apple Store and went to grab a burger on my way out, but they were closed early for a wedding. The owner made me a plate of salmon to take home instead, just Wow! Thank you Jack, to be got a customer for life now! :)I have eaten at this place at least a couple times, going back as an attempt to give it another shot, and another and another, because I don't like to give a bad review based on just one experience. I've worked in the restaurant business for a couple of years and I know that every restaurant can have an "off" day, but this place is just always terrible unfortunately. 
The food is really quite gross...the most recent time I went there was with a pretty big group and everyone's food was messed up that I was with. My friend's salad had a toothpick in it. My sausage had a piece of metal in it. My friend's burger was meant to be medium came out way past well and was bordering being burnt to a crisp. The bun it came on was literally as hard as a hockey puck, it was like they were just using up old buns from several days before. 
Besides the food, the service wasn't great either. Our waitress was really rude, it seemed like she was always in a rush and she acted annoyed to be waiting on us. We weren't even a very demanding table (most of us were servers who know what it's like to work in a restaurant) and when we said that there were mistakes about our food, she acted like it was our fault, that we were unnecessarily complaining. 
Last but not least, the owner of this restaurant is extremely rude and obnoxious. I mean really loud and when he talks it's like he's screaming at you. One time when I went in there he literally screamed at me to greet me, which I think is just unnecessary. I've also seen him yelling at his servers right in the dining room which I think is unprofessional. One time I sat in the back of the dining room and you can hear him screaming in the kitchen from way back there. You know it's him because of his southern drawl (he's from Virginia- Jack McDavid, I'm sure people have heard of him, he used to be on Food Network). Maybe that's why he thinks he can get away with acting like such an obnoxious jerk, because he used to be famous. Well whenever he's on the line cooking, the food comes out bad so in my opinion (and sorry I'm being so honestly harsh) but maybe he's a restaurant has-been. 
I've retired going to this restaurant. There are much better diners in this city!