Drinker's Pub is about as basic as you can get.  A bar, juke box, beer, "life size" statue of Jack Daniel, and a mounted moose head.  Well a few of those things don't come standard in Philly bars, but nonetheless... Drinker's will do nothing to blow you away, but if used for the right reasons, hits the spot.
Nearly all my visits to Drinker's are for happy hours that I organize to keep in touch with former colleagues and friends who live outside of town.  It's a nice way to catch up without asking too much.  Due to the central downtown location, and cheap beer and grub, Drinker's is almost always the monthly happy hour destination.  Drinker's has all-day-every-day beer and shot specials, and happy hour specials from 7-9.  Their tacos and wings are good for a happy hour snack.  You'll need it to soak up all the High-Life or other light beer you'll likely be drinking.  They also have a limited selection of microbrews, $5 Heineken keg cans, and even forties (yup, forties).  My personal preference is to sit down with a few strong ales when I go for a beer, but again, this is happy hour and craft beers are not for everyone.
Drinker's, as you might expect, is also open for lunch and late-night.  The crowd for late-night is a much younger crowd than what you'll find from 5-9 on a weeknight.  It can get pretty packed.  This is not my scene and I won't recommend going at these times unless you are in college and looking for love.  If you're looking for a quick lunch in the spring and summer months they'll have the big windows open in front and it can be pleasant.  But if you're looking for a bite and a beer over that way, Devil's Alley is a few doors down.
So, in summary, Drinker's Pub is a very serviceable spot for a downtown happy hour.  The tacos and good beer prices will allow you to get a lot for your money, even in larger groups.  I can't recommend it as a weekend destination, but Drinker's is a straight-shooter when it comes to happy hours.  Just ask Jack D.Great DIVE bar. This place has cheap food and cheap drinks, and its in a prime location. There are two stories, each with their own bar where you can get $1.50 tacos (only $1 on Tuesday.) During happy hour, drinks are half off. The bartenders have always been very nice. There is a housemade, nameless salsa at each table that is so good! The random decorations include a giant clown on the ceiling, a huge moose head, a statue of Jack Daniel and a wall of real credit cards that real people have left at the bar. Theres nothing classy about this place, but for the price of drinks, and that salsa, I keep gong back.Ahh Drinkers. I've been to this place tons of times through out the years. Always a good time! Music is fun and bumping, drinks are decently priced and there's a fair amount of space. The crowd is definitely on the younger side though. It's been a while since i've had the food here but people all say good thinks so, I'd generally trust it and be willing to try it again.Meh....they canceled my delivery order to Children's Hospital of Philadelphia for no reason, guess an order for a sick kid isn't as important as pumping beer into hipsters.I've landed at Drinker's numerous times in my short time here in Philly. It's close, there's cheap/strong drinks, and the bartenders are quick. We always end up upstairs because it's usually not busy so we know we can get served really fast. The $3 three olive drinks are tough to beat during happy hour, and although I haven't eaten here yet, there's good food specials, too. 
As others have said, if you don't like to be around a ton of drunk people (mostly college kids) you're best avoiding this place, but if you don't mind that type of scene then it's worth itDrinkers is one of those places that I love when it's dead and hate when it's busy because it's full of yahoos and jerkfaces.    After work crowd is lame, and the popped collar kids on the weekends, blech!
The bartenders are awesome here, especially if you get a chance to talk to them when it's not super busy.Okay first of all the corn dogs here are really good! Also they have great happy hour deals. Half off all drinks (hello $4 golden monkey!) at nice this place is packed with a nice crowd and they have upstairs and downstairs which is cool. Cool decorations. Really nice and cool deejay who will take your recommendations and is respectfulThis is your classic college bar.  This place has good specials and the food is surprisingly good.  The bartenders are always real cool.  Sunday night was 75 cent lions head beers and 3 dollar 3 olive drinks.  You really can't beat that kinda deal.  This place gets mobbed on the weekends so if you aren't into a huge crowd, this place isn't for you.Turn down the god damn fans over the bar.  Nobody needs to have to calculate a windchill factor just to have a beer.well my friends thought some of the bartenders were hot, and who was i to argue allegedly cute bartenders serving beer? if i remember correctly [which is generally hit or miss when you're talking bars] there was pbr. that automatically gives a place 3 or more stars in my book, unless there was a weird smell or creepy dudes. i feel like it's your garden variety assemblage of collegiates, and i mean that in a good way, for once. the atmosphere was really fun and the crowd was livelier than at most other places. Vay nice.Don't ask me why I've made the mistake going to this place, TWICE. 
They don't have any good drink specials, unless you like bottles of 40s, and the music is really bad. Go to this place if you want to get girls, easily, and don't know how to dance or act like a normal person. The people who go here can't be from Philadelphia, RIGHT?Update! Food and drink prices have gone up. Most food items are $0.50-1.50 more expensive. Pitchers are also up to $7 during happy hour. I'll still go once in a while of course.I am probably biased because this was one of the first bars I went to when I turned 21 and I just loved it. I like the music and the rowdiness. People just drink and dance with no care in the world. I love beer and don't mind drinking 40s. I think this is just a great place if you're looking to get hammered and dance all night.
I haven't had the food yet but I want to try the tacos!
This place is super cheap too! Good pregame spot too if you're looking to go somewhere else after like clubbing.I'm engaged, I'm over 25, yet it's Saturday night and I find myself here with my knucklehead friends. Fair enough, I'll rate this place as I would if I were younger and unattached (Drinker's really hasn't changed since that was actually the case anyway).
Too crowded and impossibly obnoxious, even by young single drunk standards. Not my cup of tea.Love this place! Totally a go-to place if youre a college student. This place has great deals and AMAZING tacos! 1.50$ tacos and they are delicious, my favorite part about this place! This place also has the best vibes for being on a college campus and its always a decent crowd, totally worth it!Their tacos are the trashiest Americanized thing I've ever had. They had sour cream and cheese in them which is not included in authentic tacos. Also their veggje tacos are just beans combined with wheat bread from Safeway.This was our favorite stop on the Philadelphia Margarita March. Great atmosphere and a lot of fun.Small little bar. Not much seating, but we luckily got a table. The AC was blowing directly on us and it was cold! Took awhile to get our drinks and the place was not that busy. There was also a second floor, but we did not go up there.Cheap food, cheap beer, and good specials. The waitress forgot a few things, but overall was pretty good. Music is too friggin loud... why do bars always try to deafen you?okay.. this is one of those places... that although I would love to say I HATE It.. I dont..It's one of those guilty pleasures.. watching all those idiots who are my age but seem to be high school seniors trying to party hard.. lol its funny to watch.. the drinks are moderately priced for RH but are generally not well made.. I much prefer drinkers west & drinkers tavern to this one.. same kinda folks.. just not so off.. that does not mean I won't go back.. it just means that I would love to go back already intoxicated so I can laugh my ass off !17 bucks got me 5 bottles of Red Lion, 3 hot dogs, and 6 tacos. That's a great deal! Definitely a great place to go if you're not trying to spend much. The music is too loud to be a hang out spot. But it's nice to have a place to just drink at.Food pretty damn good for a dive bar. But the damn beer is NEVER cold enough, and mugs are never chilled.
Jalapeño poppers rock, but would be nice to have a cold cold beer to wash them down.This bar is awful. The people are awful. The food is awful. The beer selection is pathetic. The music is awful, and deafening.
It's like a frat party meets happy hour at TGIF. 
I can really sum it up in one statement: They don't have Yuengling. A bar. In Philly. Doesn't serve lager. 
Philly has lots (and lots) of cool bars, do yourself a favor and NEVER go to this is abortion.The name really speaks to the 'atmosphere' of the bar...drinkers.  and lots of them.
This is clearly a fantastic place to go and simply get drunk.  lots of different people, all freindly, with one thing on their mind...booze. Similar to Drinker's Tavern, the concept here is simple - make it easy.  PBR cans...40's...$2 drinks all over the freaking place.  Walking with with a small wallet  - walk out (if you can) with a big buzz...I'm going to give this 3 stars, but it requires an explanation.  I drank 5 beers and had a fairly generous (I ate half, though I wasn't starving) plate of nachos for about $20, not including tip.  Pretty decent for just west of Rittenhouse.  The beer was PBR (one of many all day specials at $2 a can, though they're not pounders) and I felt like a misplaced hipster, but I've been drinking cruddy beer since before we used the H-word, so whatever.  The nachos were ok.  Not the best I've ever had, but certainly not offensive...and the prices on the food menu were crazy cheap.  The bartender was nice and did a fine job of walking the line between attentive and obtrusive - no complaints whatsoever about the service at Drinker's.
What gets me is the CROWD.  I got there at around 3:30ish and the place was mostly empty.  As it began to get a little more crowded, I started to enjoy myself.  This place could possibly have the best ear hustlin' in the city if you're drinking alone and in the mood to feel that odd blend of superior and jaded/pathetic that only a recent post-grad graduate's conversation can provide.  So cluelessly naive with more money than sense, know what I mean?  It's kind of like reality TV - you want to pretend you're watching the golf game on TV, but can't tear yourself away from the real drama.  As the hour got later, the crowd got worse.  The after work Center City thing is just not my scene and I had to duck out before Happy Hour hit at 7.  It's one of those places that likes to think it's a dive bar and middle-upper class white people believe them.  If you can deal with the general douchiness of the patrons, Drinker's is worth a shot.  I'll definitely go back in the early to mid afternoon if I'm in the neighborhood and the place is empty, but I don't think I could bear it again in the evening.Absolute shithole, but it's OUR shithole. Everytime my friends and I end up here we get a huge rush of college nostalgia and an STD. At Drinker's you can be 29 years old standing around with a 40 and not feel like a raging alcoholic, but a part of a family. Great tacos at Drinker's, because why wouldn't they have great tacos? When you're just about blackout drunk and want feel better about yourself, there's no better place.We went searching for a good spot to catch the game and wanted both plenty of Plasma's and a good rowdy crowd all wrapped up in a dive bar tortilla.  That is exactly what we found at Drinker's.  It's a bit fraternal at the core, but plenty of other folks are in and out and it makes for a symbiotic mix. There were a few meatballs walking around with Miller High Life 40's which was entertaining as all hell, these guys were vultures without beaks and nature will eventually evolve them from the bar scene eventually.  They had a great beer selection, lots of great looking ladies and the Miller High Life distributer sat next to us and hung out for a while so that was a plus too!Whenever I go to Drinker's it ALWAYS seems to be packed. Not just packed with a good amount of people, packed like you have to fight your way to the bar. This is usually not my thing, but the specials and the timing of their happy hour is too good to beat. They do specials on weekdays from 7-9, instead of the usual 5-7. This is rather convenient for days when you want to continue your happy hour drinking into the night. This is also appropriate timing since it's best to come here when you're already slightly drunk. One upside is that the music is usually pretty good.
I don't think anyone gets anything other than beer here, probably because it's so cheap -  $6 for a yuengling or bud light pitcher. Unheard of! If you don't want to do that math, that's about $1.50 per glass. They also have cheap, greasy bar food that is pretty good for cheap, greasy bar food. 
Overall, it's small, dive-y, and sweaty/gross at times but the drinks are cheap! You win some, you lose some I guess.The bartender upstairs name is Joe Metz. He makes a mean Miller Lite and I would drink his bathwater.Drinker's hosted our group for an event in their upstairs area. Everything went swimmingly, the food was devoured by the group. Centrally located. Highly recommend!Great happy hour, no frills and the beers available for happy hour are reasonably good, and the food is good enough. Good place to chill without needing the fancy atmosphere.Drinker's....
What can I say. If you are going to Drinker's, you know what to expect. It's a party. It's a messy, cheap, drunk party. So if that's what you're looking for, this is your spot. The bartenders are amazingly fast considering they have a packed house every weekend, and most week nights. The drinks are always cheap, as long as you don't mind drinking soco limes or other mixed "shooters". And the crowd is always young and fun. 
If you want a calm night out in Philly, and to remember every minute of it, Drinker's may not be for you. But if you're going out to meet new people and sweat out stress from a recent break up or celebrate a graduation or something, then check it out. 
And eat some tacos.
-John WiedermanWhat can I say about Drinker's? It has the feel of a college bar with drink specials and $1.50 chicken tacos.  The chicken tacos with their special hot sauce are what draws my friends and I here, they are really good! Recently Drinker's has built a new upstairs area complete with a pool table, open space, and another bar.  I like the upstairs better since it does not get as crowded as the downstairs.  Also, as a word of caution, if you leave your credit card do not expect to get it back - Drinker's will hang it on the wall along with all the other credit cards other people have left behind.I really love this place! I can't see why anyone has any complaints. It's an inexpensive bar! Great for lunch or after work happy hour! 
My coworker and I often come here for the buffalo chicken sandwich! I don't know what they do to make it so delicious but they've got it down with this one! Definitely recommend. And of course, now I'm craving one! This is definitely in the top five buffalo chicken sandwiches in the area. 
There's plenty of space and it's in a great location.Bartender initially poured us Yuengling instead of Yard's. He quickly fixed the problem, but come on, I'm paying $5.50 for a pint I shouldn't have to worry about that. The price was not great so I'm just feeling mediocre about this place.We went here for wings. They were pretty bad. But at 35 cents a piece, how much can I complain?
The food is incredibly cheap, but make sure you have several of their inexpensive beers before eating anything, or you won't enjoy.
Good place for getting drunk and/or fulfilling drunk munchies on a budget.
Bad for anything that won't end in regretted decisions or hangovers.Oof. I'm not one for crowds and this place gets PACKED to the max to the point where the person next to you is probably sweating on you. It's a college bar and I felt old in my mid-twenties. The music is god-awful. The one thing I'll give them is the drink specials are decent. This is definitely not a place I plan on going back to, but I won't DIE if someone drags me here.I had an hour to kill last night before meeting the lovely wife for dinner at Chima.  I stopped in here and had an interesting experience.  I was overdressed and at least twenty years older than most of the crowd and was still made to feel right at home.  What a great little bar.
The bartender was very personable.  The drinks were priced right.  I didn't have a chance to try the food but I saw several folks eating tacos and they look fantastic.  I also noted that Yelp mobile popped up a nice coupon.  I'll be back to give them another try.Today is August the 19th 2017. I'd normally rate this bar (upstairs) a rare 4.5 out of 5 but this DJ is the worst DJ I've ever listened to in my entire life. The transitions are 30 second long cross fades with no reason. A moment ago he just ruined Bodak Yellow by speeding it up and adding unnecessary shitting basses and poopy pops now I'm upset writing my first ever yelp review in a bar while I'm supposed to be having fun. Meanwhile justin beiber is screaming WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!?! Fuck this DJ. Please never have him again.It's, um, a thoroughly unexciting dive bar. The drink specials are pretty much the same as any other regular bars in the Rittenhouse area -- you can get some kind of domestic beer for around $2 on any given night. The one thing worth pointing out about this place is that they make serve pretty tasty, heart-attack precipitating plates of fries for about $4. Those are pretty darn good to share with friends for a late night snack (so long as you're not being health-conscious.) I had taco fries, but they have other kinds of toppings too.Solid place to eat came at 2ish on a Tuesday and the bartender was awesome. He was very nice and relaxed the bar was moderately packed. The menú is a good size and variety and the place is a good size. Will definitely be back again and especially because the Christmas decorations are still up!Fun dive bar. Very friendly staff. Excellent bar specials including three dollar cans of PBR. The taco special deal. Some of the best tacos in the city for $1.50. Quesadillas are stuffed with cheese and a very filling meal.  OK to have kids there at lunchtime.Great drink prices and good setup for dancing and just standing around chatting. Came in with a larger group of 14 or so and had no trouble finding an area to hangout and meet people even though it was crowded. 
The bartenders where fast and efficient. Plus they sell 40s so, I mean come on. That's awesome. 
Will be back again next time I'm in the city.Okay.. if you want to go to a place where you get hassled by ugly frat boys who talk shit about you and the crowd but is "jk" and drinks the small Heinekins?  GREAT place to go. The only reason I gave this place another star was because the bartender there on monday nights is awesome and has to deal with these fuckers.So the best thing about Drinker's is their $1.50 TACOS!! The tacos are nothing special really, I mean you can probably make them at home...but the hot sauce they have at every table to put on your tacos is SO GOOD. I've had their nachos as well but nothing beats the tacos. 
Their drink prices are nothing special on weekends, but at least they have whatever it is that you're craving in stock (For me, it was Angry Orchard & apparently not every bar has that)I have been to Drinkers many times but last night was the first weeknight/ non late night appearance. I went around 730 to watch the Phillies take down #102 (boo ya) and the rest of the baseball drama unfold. Unfortunately, I left before all the games could end as I was not impressed.
My buddy and I ordered some food and pitchers. $6 domestic $9 import pitchers for the 7-9 daily happy hour is pretty sweet. So are $1 hot dogs and $1 tacos. In addition, I had the burger which was overcooked and didn't come with the cheese I asked for; Fries were decent though. My friend who I have never seen not finish a meal got halfway through his chipotle chicken sandwich and threw in the towel, just that bad. 
We were sitting toward the back and every other table in our row had the same problem of being dripped on from the overhead pipes. It was too busy to move elsewhere so I just repositioned my stool. It was still annoying to keep catching rain drops falling out inside out of the corner of my eye.
In conclusion, I'll still be back to Drinkers for night caps to put myself out of my misery at the bar.Came here for a quick drink with a friend since I was in town.
Just your plain ol' bar. Nothing too special but I would say that the waitresses were very good at coming by to make sure you were taken care of! So pretty good service.
The food and drink prices are very reasonable- $1 tacos! 
I didn't try the food, but I would say this place can get you drunk with limited funds :) So it's a go!$1 tacos cannot be beat. If you want a reminder of your college times, Drinker's is the place to go. They have an upstairs area with a small bar, pool table, and a bit of dancing.I was in Philly for Americorps Orientation and me and one of fellow volunteers ended up at this bar on our first night. We were greeted by Joe, one of the bartenders and were promptly served beer. The happy hour specials were over, but he still gave us $1 tacos anyway and gave us the drink specials.
We talked to the bartenders for a bit and we ended up scoring free T-shirts, which was amazing. The music in here was also awesome. Any place that plays Spoon deserves an extra star for me. Gonna go sport my Drinker's tee now.What a great Philly bar. It's a no frills bar that specializes in great bar food and great times! They surprisingly have some great wings and pretty good nachos as well. It's always a great place to end up at the end of the night. They have a fun upstairs with pool and great tunes. Make sure to go on Thursdays also, 90s night!!You have to be in the mood for this place. I vote LATE 1am - 2am ...ish... when you barely know what city you are in.
You will hate your life if you are there any earlier... Drinks can be cheap if you know what to order.
Don't expect to have any breathing room.  There are also signs for Watch Out for Pick Pockets (?) .. questionable.
I do LOVE the cards all over the wall from the people who forget to close their tabs.. CLASSIC COLLEGE.Well.
Not sure what the big deal about this place is other than the insane amount of people that you can find there at a time.
Its an alright place with pretty chill Bartenders...yea. 
That's about it.Rage party bar. I'm sure in the summer it's a sweat shop. If they were to stop ppl from coming in the door, i would guess they would wait bc the patrons were having a fricking blast!! It was crazy packed and while that is usually fine, it sucked getting bumped into rudely
GREAT DJ/music choicesReview for atmosphere and drinks only:
Came here for a conference and stumbled upon this place. Fantastic drink specials at all times. Mondays they have a $4 anything Absolut. But, they have really good beer specials at all times, as well as some good drink specials ($4 Jack Honey Whiskey shot and they are very liberal about how much they give you). Cool decor and was a cool cross section of people the two times I was there. Fast with drinks and attentive. I didn't buy the food, but the menu looked fantastic and seemed reasonably priced. Can't comment on the quality of the food.
If you want to grab a drink with some friends, come here! Great place.This bar sucks.
Very college in the worst way possible.
Super crowded on weekends, if you go late night, you will have to fight your way through, and will be groped by drunk sweaty people along the way.Drinker's is truly one of the most awful bars in Center City. The only reason I'm not giving it one star is that it seems to know what it is an embraces it. Look, it's a college bar - it gets incredibly crowded and pushy. The last two times I've been there, the police have had to break up fights. The bar staff is rude and tries to guilt you into ordering simpler drinks, which is usually a bottle of something. The food is actually okay.
If you're there for a happy hour or something, it's not half bad, despite the dozens of better bars within walking distance. Don't let your friends guilt you into coming here, we need to end the madness.Bartenders and the guy at the door was everything.  Their personalities are great.  They were on the money for the drinks.  Drink specials and food specials.  Music isn't bad either.  Sundays are good days to go according to the bartender.This place is ok, I prefer the one in Old City as it has a charm of it all it's own, this place is everything I don't like about a bar, way overcrowded on a saturday night, and really hard to get a drink, not exactly what i'm looking for. 
The atmosphere was ok, I was excited to see that they serve taco's here as well and that they have a check-in offer for all of you smartphone yelp users...
I'd rather be at devil's alley, i love that place!Great happy hour pub to stumble upon on our last day in the city after walking for a while along the parkway. My boyfriend is from Philly and wanted to catch the Flyers home opener. Here at Drinkers Pub we found 2 seats front and center at the bar with offering of 1/2 price drinks and tacos for $1.50 for chicken/beef, and 50. cents for bean. I liked the chicken and bean best. Monday thru Friday from 5-7pm. Our bartender was very attentive and provided great service. The atmosphere is classic but not really divey and doesn't smell, and has lots of TV's for viewing whatever sport you're into.Came here on a Wednesday night.  It seemed like the bar was full of really young people, like all 21-year-olds.  I only stayed for 2 songs.  The bar was too busy and I couldn't even order a drink.  The patrons kept yell/singing the songs which was really cheesy.  I left really quick because it was way too childish.This was my last stop on a Wednesday night beer week bar crawl.  The original plan was Kokopelli for some dancing, but who would have thought that no one dances on Wednesday nights?  
There were quite a few people at Drinkers considering that it was late on a Wednesday.  I suspect many of the bar-goers were students, jealous.  There was a DJ playing a decent mix of music.  My friends ordered some light beers, a good time was had by all.  
Will need to go back later this month to use my taco coupon.  A few tacos passed by my table and they looked really good.Get your drinks in, get your drinks in, get your drinks in...
You get the idea.
Its not exactly a dive bar but yet its not the typical high-brow Rittenhouse Square bar/resto.
It's cheap...well cheap enough for drinks as well as tacos.
The barkeep was a tatted-up giant of a man.
The music was alt-rock-ish.
There are a couple of tv's that can distract you from holding convos with strangers, so that's a negative.
I'll be back.  Probably for a bar crawl.I avoided this place for a long time...the extreme volume and crowds I often see aren't my cup of tea.
However, on a weeknight I saw it was nearly empty and they had cheap eats and drinks.  Got a corn dog, nachos, and beer.  Healthy, right?
Here's the thing, if you can make it in here when it's not just full of loud, drunk Jersey types, it's worth it.  The staff was really nice, the food was decent, and the prices are fair.  Or, if you love loud, drunk people you can go when it's crowded.Wednesday night After Sips spot. Music isn't the best for dancing but chill environment. Good drinks, tasty bar food.I went all over Philly in search of the best pub/bar and finally found it here! Not only were the prices reasonable, the music great, and the ambiance low key, but JOEY D. WAS AWESOME!!! He's the was only bartender, or Phildelphian (sp?) who had any social skills! Everyone I encountered the entire time I was in town was rude with no personality! Thank you sooo much Joey for showing hospitality to two "LOVELY LADIES" from San Diego! If I'm ever back in Philly, I'm definitely going back here :o)This place is not really my scene. It's a bar that tries too hard to be cool and kitsch (everyone in the bar is doing the same thing). They do run good drink specials and it's in close proximity to other bars, so it's got that going for it. The service is good (when you tell a waitress to bring you another martini every single time she walks by your table and she does it... you've scored.) The juke box is not bad but the people playing the songs are stuck in the 80's. Within ten minutes of your arrival you will hear Bon Jovi "Living on a prayer". It's suprisingly not a bad place to hit on girls. Be good or be gone.i love drinkers...  now maybe I'm not your average customer.  I don't go on weekends, in fact Thursdays are a little to crowded for me.  I go to drinkers for two things, the tacos and the dollar rolling rock ponies.  These things make me happy :o) Actually make it three things because Joe and Thomas are great and make a night at the bar entertaining.  To all the haters... stay home.  Drinkers is a great place to hangout catch a game and eat delicious, delicious, tacos for cheap. The dollar tacos are amazing and make no bones about it when my friends and I go we eat plenty of them.  Spicy beef or chicken (I think they have bean too) you can choose from hard shell or soft and they all come with cheese, pico de gallo, sour cream, and lettuce, they're loaded! Drinkers has great specials, a late happy hour, and besides the dollar tacos have a really tasty menu.  I thought I had written this review awhile ago and decided that with all the haterade people are drinking before they write their reviews that I would add my opinion too.  They do card - everyone!  So don't show up without your id. Week days can draw a random crowd which can make for some fun and interesting nights.  This is by far my favorite week night bar.I'm probably the only person who gives Drinkers 5 stars and I'm not ashamed of it. The 5 stars comes with a caveat, though. I must always, always be intoxicated before I even enter Drinker's in order to enjoy it. I'm the type who really doesn't like very crowded bars full of preppy dudes drinking 40s. I have found that I borderline hate Drinker's while sober. 
If you're typically a scoffer of Drinker's, here's how to enjoy it:
1) Be several drinks in before arriving
2) Go on a Saturday night 
3) Be someone who enjoys dancing your socks off.
Because guess what? The DJ on Saturday night (Ryan) is awesome. You will be dancing. Maybe the most important step is to just let go of it all. Just relax and want to have fun and you will.
A friend once said "Drinker's is the place where dreams come true" and I live by this motto. Drinker's, I'll see you tomorrow night!Do I go to Drinker's to drink martinis and listen to jazz? Enjoy craft cocktails and an award-winning menu? No. I do go there with friends to drink $5 pitchers, eat incredibly cheap tacos, and listen to sweet tunes amongst crowds there to enjoy the same. 
Watching inebriated college and 20 somethings pound 40oz High Lifes while grooving to Ke$ha is extraordinarily entertaining. I have always had a good time here.Drinkers is the kind of place that is what exactly you expect from a small, local bar--Cheap food, cheap beer, and a loud atmosphere.  The oddest part about it is that it's right in the middle of the City, and not in some shady area.
There really isn't much you need to know, the cheap beer and food should be enough to get you in the door as it is.  The tacos are $1 a piece and are actually quite good for bar-style tacos.  In fact, all of the food that I've tried here is pretty decent bar food.  The tv's always have sports on, the music is loud, and there are plenty of twenty-somethings to mingle with.
A night that usually starts out with some cheap drinks, catching up on sports, and good bar food can easily turn into a night of drunken debauchery.
C'mon, what more do I need to say.Drinker's is a guaranteed good time any day of the week, even when there aren't that many people there. It is smaller establishment, but there is always a good crowd and the bartenders are super friendly (unless you beer tap people, then they'll politely  ask you to stop or kick you out). Plus, they sell MHL 40s - not the classiest of drinks, but no one will judge you. I prefer one of Joe's shots or wonderful mixed drinks. The food is also yummy and cheap, and there is a different taco special every month - 1/2 special if you check-in on 4square. If you're looking for a good time and want to make some new friends, this is your spot. Plus you're close to every other bar in center city in case you bored (doubtful!)They sell 40s!!!! I remember buying 40s at the corner Bodega for like $3. This brought back the good ol day's. Except here they charge you $7 or $8 for a 40. This place is my favorite place in Philly.  Decent prices and great music. Definitely a go too when you are in town.Although Drinker's is a popular spot in center city, I could name a thousand bars that are better. The drinks are cheap but the place is always packed. I can't have a conversation with the person next to me without yelling. Needless to say, I end up without a voice after a night at Drinker's.I'm not sure what this says about me, but I have a soft spot in my heart for the disaster that is Drinker's.
Sure you're gonna get a sloppy 23-year-old post-grad babe come 3 inches from your face and say, "Ohhhhh my gawd, I'm sooooo drunkkkkkk!"
Sure you're gonna be knee deep in bros that think, "I'd like to get at that!" is an excellent pick up line.
But hey, where else can you order a 40 at the bar and neglect your dignity for the night (don't lie, you've totally played Edward FortyHands)?
The food is awful, the crowd is awful, the people-watching is great and I can't get enough.Cheap drinks, good food, cozy bar atmosphere. This is a great place to hang with your friends. Staff is friendly and it's not too loudThis bar offers fun times, good food and a great spot to hang out with friends after work or for a night out. The drinks are reasonably priced and the food is quite good. The food is much better than you would expect, with great tacos, wings, and nachos. The music can be hit or miss but still a good time. There are several TVs on the walls with games going. The place can get kind of crowded and tough to move around in on weekends but still fun. The upstairs and pool tables and another bar area too.I love coming here for their happy hour tacos. I get their vegetarian bean tacos and its only $1, and their beef tacos are $1.50 during happy hour. You must try their hot sauce with the tacos, its absolutely delicious (well, that's only if you like it spicy). I have only been here for happy hour's during my college years, which was about 4 years ago and its always packed with Indians (especially during sips). I stopped coming here for happy hours since the last 2 years because I am just not into hanging out with young college crowd anymore. I did come here once last year just to eat their tacos and there's always someone looking for a fight there (again, it's because its all college kids). As much as I love their tacos, I think I will try to avoid this place during their happy hour and pay couple more $$ to eat their tacos in peace.So crowded...great if you're in the mood to be surrounded by 7 simultaneous bachelorette parties.Went for another try at a good Happy Hour in and around the city and I have to say was pleasantly surprised. A good mix of people and some good wings always equals a good time. 
I do agree with some of the other reviews that there isn't a huge selection of Beers but for a Happy Hour you only need a good 3 anyway...If we are being honest. 25 cents wings and a dollar hot dog, who's complaining? I heard it gets packed on Friday so I will definitely update but as of now a good solid 4 stars.Go here if...
you are still in college
you don't mind getting beer spilled on you
you just want to get hammered
you think that drinking a 40 (with or without a paper bag) is cool
Otherwise, there are a million other places that are way cooler within a few blocks.I've been here on dead weeknights when my boyfriend and I were too lazy to make the walk to Oscar's Tavern. I've passed by here more times than I can count on nights where it was packed and I can tell it is definitely not my scene. 
There was one night where I felt I was grossly overcharged for drinks. The decor is corny, Elvis and Americana knick knacks. The music is loud and if you find a spot where you can talk to your mate without screaming in a nearly empty bar.... well, I would say let me know but I'm pretty sure I won't ever be going back here.Dedicating my first Yelp to Drinkers Pub aka the greatest bar in Philly. 
I've been frequenting drinkers fridays for a few months now and I love it. If you like Cheap delicious food ($1.00 Tacos!!), cheap strong drinks and awesome beer drinker's is your spot.
The service is excellent, the bartenders are quick and friendly. As much as they rock I'm in love with the waitstaff. Hottest, friendliest chicks around. The two Friday night waitresses are the BEST, they always remember me (and my drink order)  and they are so friendly. If the food and drinks weren't so good I'd just go into see those girls. 
On the downside it can get packed and hard to move late nights on Friday and Saturday. But it's still a good time!They know me by name there and I somehow was engaged to a bartender there one night. Let me tell you, our three hour marriage was beautiful as he poured me drinks and made shots up for me on the spot, if that isn't a man worth marrying then what truly is love? 
Their tacos always have me coming back and spicy wings! The food there for a bar was/is beyond my expectation! 
The server who works there on weekends is THE sweetest server I've ever had -- I make sure to tell my friends if we sit down at a table, you better tip her well. Dealing with a drunken crowd with a smile on your face? I always make sure I tip her well and buy shots because who cares if my liver is still functioning at the end of the night?was good ....... had awesome time thr only thee thing was too much crowd for little space but overall ambience was good.....loved itIt's a dive and perfect for forgetting how your night went overall with the dirt cheap drinks. They sell 40 oz of Miller High Life. 
They have DJ and a mini dance floor most nights of the week and generally the music scene is mashup pop/90s/classic hip hop/classic rock.Best tacos in the city, great vibe good music!I like Drinker's for the off hours and for Happy Hour. During peak hours it can be very busy, for better or worse is your call.
The food is, well, bar food, but it is very cheap and is generally much higher caliber than the price would make it seem. Dollar taco specials, $0.50 wings, $3 specialty hot dogs. Looking for a different lunch spot at work? Looking for a place for happy hour that will almost always have tables and quick service? This is your place!
P.S. - Try the Buffalo Dog or the Tex-Mex Dog...you won't  regret it!Drinkers is a fine little dive bar . It's dark inside with a few tvs for sports . They have two house drink specials $3 pbr and $4 Yuengling . I went with the latter and it was okay , a step above the pbr but not a craft . The strange thing is they have no drink menu , nothing to list the beers or liquors available and for sure no cocktail menu . Maybe I would have ordered a more expensive beer if I could choose from a list , but instead of naming names to the waitress I just went with the $4 special . 
The food was great ! If this review was for food alone it would be 4* . Fried pickles are my favorite and they did a good job here . The pickles were yummy and the batter was seasoned . Spears for the win ! The portion was fair for the price . I also got the jalapeño poppers . The poppers comes with three bacon wrapped stuffed peppers . They were well cooked ! My only comment would be the cheese got molten hot and turned liquid inside so it just poured out after your first bite . I tend to prefer at least a portion of cream cheese in my poppers to make a thicker filling and avoid the cheese melt down - but that's just me (: . They were still super good and I ate every pickle and popper . 
My friend had the chicken taco and the pirogies . The taco was fantastic , as other reviewers have said , and their house hot sauce is the shining star . Coming from the southwest I can say the sauce is legit . It tastes like tapatio and red enchilada sauce had a baby . I dig the authentic flare ! The pirogies were creamy and comforting but a tad bland for me . Needed garlic maybe ? 
The service was strange at best , between not having a drink menu , or trying to list selection of any kind , down to the check policies . They do not split them here but you can make two payments . Okay , saving paper that's interesting but fine . Then we did the math and told the server and she said they can't do checks under $10 . Okay , that would have been nice to know when you first told us about the no splitting policy . The server was like talking to us and telling us the policy while walking away the whole time , if that makes sense . She also came around at least three times before our payment was accepted because she did not just explain it outright the first time . It wasn't bad service per se but my friend and I left and we both mentioned it and that we got weird vibes . So when stopping by be sure you have cash or spend at least ten dollars . Between the no bar menu and strange service the good food score was unfortunately brought down , and with all the choices in the city I probably will not be back again !Two stars only for the cheap drinks. Bartender upstairs was very friendly too. But the wings were ehhh, the music is really loud and there is nothing special or unique here. 
Just cheap drinks.
Oh yeah, and the bouncer was not that pleasant to one of my companions. Not cool.This is one of those times I wish again that I could give half stars!  This place would get a 3.5.
We stopped in here the night we were in Philly looking for some late dinner.  The place was quiet since it was Monday so we sat at the bar, the only time we've ever sat at the bar since my husband is not a fan of sitting and eating at the bar.  We ordered wings in a few different flavors since they were recommended by the bartender, plus two beers!  The wings were really quite good, not enough sauce though but the spices and different flavors were great.  The overall experience wasn't anything spectacular, hence why the 3.5 stars.This place is the best at being what it is.  If your goal is to get shitfaced with a bunch of other people doing the same, go to drinkers.  The bartenders are awesome.  They're friendly and it's really impressive how well they handle such a crowded bar.  I never have to wait long to be served, and that's just impressive for such a busy place.
I was also really surprised to find that the food is pretty good.  It might just be my really low expectations, but I've always been happy with my meals there, especially the taco salad.
40s shouldn't be $8, though...come on! $5 would be fair.Cozy, Comfortable & Lively with a very friendly service.
Blue Moon on tap wasn't cold to the temperature most would prefer.
Many points of interest in the decor including a wall of credit cards people have left. 
I didn't try any food.Please NEVER GO HERE!
This place is the worst BRO. Nothing but dude bros everywhere. The atomsphere is also lacking but the girls are fairly attractive. To the point where you want to shake them and say "GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN." All in all not a good time.Cool bar.  Great drink specials. 2nd floor (it can get crazy crowded downstairs). Good music. And really diverse crowd, like literally I saw someone's grandma and grandpa eating nachos and knocking back beers. Really awesome atmosphere. The only downside is that it was very cold in there (it's about 20 degrees outside) so keep your coats handy.Drinker's is a happy bar.  At least from 12-2 AM.
It's the kind of bar where it is assumed everybody knows your name (and if they don't, they should).  New friends become familiar friends quick in this 21s to 30s mix.  Picture crowds of smiley people, shamelessly drinking cheap beer whilst attempting melodious karaoke to high-spirited jukebox-type tunes.  
This happy atmosphere is only slightly tainted by the Suits and Skirts obstreperously demanding that their watered-down well Vodka and Sprite not be watered-down.  No problem!  Cognizant that "cool" is vital, play savior and direct Pompous to the G Lounge where they can get an unlimited fount of the same beverage for only $10 more.  Explain that pretentiousness obviously comes at a higher cost.  If that doesn't work, BOO and throw ice cubes at them (essentially equal to snowballs). 
That said, Drinker's is worth a shot (or a beer... or two... or three...).  It has never been the first place I go on the weekends.  And yet, somehow we always end up here and it is nothing short of spectacular.Drinker's is exactly the kind of bar you expect it to be.  Young-ish scene, stocked bar, neon signs.  The fact that they sell 40s (WTF?!?) truly makes this a drinker's bar.Ahh drinkers.  This is a frequent happy hour spot for my friends and me.  5 dollar pitchers from 7-9?  Awesome.  Their food is overall not bad either.  Except for the wings.  They're terrible.  If you were an infant, the wings would be proportionate for your dinner.  
college-y.  attractive crowd (usually). good to go for cheap happy hour.GREAT specials! $10 margarita pitchers (well made), $5 beer pitchers, $0.25 wings and $1 tacos after 7PM on weekdays. Their soft tacos are sooo good. Yes its true that it does get pack, especially with the specials, and it can get uncomfortable. And it gets incredibly loud so you have to shout into the ear of the person next to you. But if you get here early enough you can grab a booth and watch everyone else sardine themselves in front of the bar lol Bartenders and the waitresses are friendly, our waitress was kickass but I can't remember her name..kinda sounded like Lily. 
Go for the specials!Tooling around rittenhouse looking for drink. 
Sunday afternoon. 
we could go there. 
No 
We could go to that place. 
No. 
How about here, Drinkers Pub. 
yes. 
The bar was dark, and empty. 
and for fuck sake, the door was open. 
whats special about this bar are the specials. 
Even lions head taste good at 75 cents a bottle. 
and the 1 dollar tacos were worth double that. 
Can we get the Phillie's game on?
hoping not to offend whomever was watching ultimate fighting, this afternoon. 
No problem, what channel is it on? 
Dunno. 
half dozen beers later. 
game over. 
food just crumbs. 
we stumble out into the sunlight. 
satisfied. 
I don't know why Sunday afternoon Bars , make me feel 
like I'm in a bad Bukowski rip off poem.Okay, Drinker's Pub isn't a great bar, but it sure is a fun bar. It's really a guilty pleasure. As I said to my buddy, this one really reminds me of my old college haunt "the Golden Rail" back in New Brunswick. It certainly does evoke a college bar atmosphere, but without any actual college affiliation, and a distinct Philadelphia flavor mixed in for good measure. As you can imagine, Drinkers attracts a diverse but young crowd. 
Sure, the specialty here is cheap drinks(half the bar has a forty in their hands). The bartenders are cool, but busy. The atmosphere is cheesy, but fun appropriate. Ambiance includes pinball machines, all manor of beer signage, and even a giant moose head.
The music seems to consist of a glorious blend of awesome rock anthems from the eighties that you'd never listen to sober but for some reason can't help singing along to once you've had a few. Think: "Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world... she took the midnight train going A-NY-WHERE." 
So high brow it's not, but if you can swallow your pride and admit you aren't as refined as you pretend to be, it's the perfect place to wind down a pub crawl or relive your college days, or just party the night away.A must for anyone who grew up in the 90s for a night out drinking with friends. My main reason for visiting is the music!!! The DJs (on the first floor at least) plays music from the 90s and early 2000s which will get the entire pub singing at the top of their lungs. They often have drink specials and the atmosphere is fun and upbeat. My only complaint is it is kind of a narrow bar so you get packed in there like a can of sardines on a crowded night- but if you go in knowing you'll be sweaty and pulling your hair up in a ponytail by the end of the night you'll have a blast at Drinker's!I needed a beverage.  We had been walking for hours and I was beyond thirsty.  It was 3 in the afternoon when we pulled into drinkers and it was quite pleasant.  The window up front is removable for nice days and the service was quick.  There were some good day time deals like $3 domestic drafts and it wasn't all that crowded.  
I could tell that probably at night this place turns into a bit of a disaster.  There was some type of animal head on the wall wearing a tie so I can only imagine the kind of crowd it attracts after the sun goes down...  But during the day it completely satisfied my need for liquid and my legs need for sitting.Disclaimer: My experience at Drinker's was completely sober. The night before, I got a concussion when I landed on my head while snowboarding, so I volunteered to be DD.
My friends and I dropped in here on a Saturday night a little bit after 11. Drinker's is a typical college bar. We went the night of Erin Express round 1, so there were plenty of people wearing beads and green. Definitely stick with beer as it's cheaper than mixed drinks. A 40 oz of Miller High Life was $8 while a weak well drink was $6. From what my friends tell me, it takes a while to get a drink unless you have your boobs hanging out and are willing to flirt with the creeper bartenders.
I just wanted to dance or sit at a table and chat, but the songs weren't quite right, and the music was too loud to talk. I stood in the empty space between tables/dance floor while they played classic "Let's scream along because we're all really drunk" songs (e.g. Journey, N*Sync, Fresh Prince of Bel Air). The DJ dared to interrupt "Don't Stop Believing" to play another song, even though everyone in the bar was singing along. As for songs to dance to, the only one I can remember was the Cupid Shuffle. Uh, no thanks.
I'd come here to get my fill of cheap drinks, but Drinker's doesn't really offer much more than that.The bouncer out front was an ass. It's actually hilarious because I'm a 26 year female. Was not doing anything wrong before going into the bar. This pathetic bouncer needed to make me walk around a certain rope. Just a total douche. Left as soon as I could because of himI really enjoy Drinker's. The food is nicely priced and very delicious. You can't beat their hot dog relish. $1.00 hot dogs, $1.00 tacos, & $1.00 Rolling Rock Pony's make for a cheap lunch. It does get really crowded during happy hour, so if you're going after work be prepared to push through the college kids and suits.I'm always agreeable to cheap beer. The 40 oz Miller High Life is phenomenal.  The only negative is that this place gets TOO CROWDED sometimes.  It seems like a place for after-work people to go to "go back to college".  Good music but not enough hip-hop.  Too much Journey, Bon Jovi.40oz miller high life $8 need I say moreGood bar food, good drinks and great space for a happy hours.   Bartender/waiter was awesome. I decided to try a golden monkey recommended by the bartender .. And surprisingly It was really good for a beer. Will definitely come back with more friends.Dive bar at it's finest. Really really loud music so you need to scream a little. Decent bar food all priced well and beer selection is not bad either, especially for a dive. Come here, do a shot, grab a yards and drink up!Drinker's is one of those bars that you just have to take it as it is - it is not an upscale bar or anything of that nature but it is always a good time. 
The decorations of this bar are pretty cool - ranging from Christmas decorations to a wall of lost credit cards. The downstairs portion of the pub is somewhat more low-key with a bar area, & a few tables. The upstairs portion is usually more of a dance area & is typically more crowded. 
They sell 40's at this bar pretty cheap if you're feeling that vibe on a particular night & there's no cover. 
I would love to come here for their happy hour as I've heard they have $1 tacos (!) which is something that very much appeals to me.With a name like "Drinker's" I was a little skeptical about the food that we ordered to complement the (pitchers of) beer we were enjoying around happy hour. However, I was pleasantly surprised: the Nachos were light and crispy and generous smothered cheese and other toppings.  The Buffalo Fries were also smothered in cheesey goodness with a little spicy sauce to cut through it all.  Good bar food and great drink prices!Friend brought us here to try their tacos. Had one of the beef soft tacos, and a chicken soft taco. Was really good and inexpensive. Also had a vanilla porter to compliment my meal.Upon entering this bar I was forced to wonder, why is everyone wearing a backpack?  Are backpacks the new clutch?  No. They are not.  I was 28 year old woman in college bar.  The overly crowded, yell at your bartender for your drink, latest Katie Perry song playing kind of bar.  Then they played a Jon Bon Jovi song and I realized that they only way these kids knew that song was from Glee.  I left.  It really is a fun bar if you are young and hip.  I, alas, went to the next pub and got me some tater tots.Good drink specials and plenty of booze to keep you going. Food is also surprisingly decent. Had some tacos the last time i was there, and maybe it was just the beers/shots talking, but they were damn good. As others have said, this is a place to go and get drunk with friends. And for that, it earns 3 stars in my book. Cheers!This place is ALWAYS packed, even when I'm walking by after work. I already posted a review for Drinker's West but figured I would write about its sister location, closer to where I live. The food here is good too, and cheap. There are great drink specials and decent tunes. It's really casual and usually packed to capacity with bro's (which doesn't usually make it any less fun). 
Of the two bars, I like Drinkers West better. The place is bigger, the bartenders are usually nicer and more attentive, the music is better, and the crowd is more diverse. Still, I haven't had a bad time at the Drinker's Rittenhouse location.Never again. 
By far, not a place to hang if you are over 30. However judging by the behavior of a lot of the patrons, 22 might be too old too. 
At the risk of sounding like a grizzly old grump, this place (on a Friday night) was just too crowded, too congested, too noisy and too much everything. No such thing as breathing room, and you're sure to get a few elbows in the ribs and drinks on your shoes. It's one of those places that you would just love to let a fart out just to clear an area for yourself. 
Trying to get a beer takes about 18 hours, and that's after actually finding the bar amidst a sea of people. The bartenders do a good job, but they are just hopelessly outnumbered. 
Drinkers is a place to go if you are young and enjoy the noise and crowds (did I mention it was crowded?), if you actually want to drink and talk to someone, seek shade elsewhere.Good food, good service, great prices. $.50 wings and half priced drinks during happy hour. I'm a fan and will be back.if u stay past midnight here instead of turning into a pumpkin u turn into a frat house party goer, but i dont mind starting out here before I head out for a long night in rittenhouse. it is cheaper than the majority of  the bars, the staff is friendly and for some reason guys buy me drinks here all the time which i find very flattering unfortunately i believe it is more b/c of my likeness to the asian guy from harold and kumar then my stunning good looksHate this place. If you want to pick up some Philly undergrads, this is the place to go. Cheap drinks, divey setting, top 40 jukebox music & frat boys. 
If you want to get some cheap drinks with your friends on a weeknight, it's not completely terrible early in the week for the post-work time frame from about 6-9pm. They do have $1.50 beef & chicken tacos as well, but they're not great... They're a $1.50.
And just so you have an idea of what type of place this is overall, they sell 40s of Miller High Life. I love the champagne of beers, but don't think I need to be carrying a 40-ounce bottle at the bar.This is the place to go in Rittenhouse if you want to drink 40's with fratboys, until you puke on yourself and pass out in the gutter.Drinkers seems pretty popular (I was there on a Saturday night and the place was packed), but it's not my scene and I won't be returning.  It's definitely a drunk undergrad bar; security escorted out a girl who was falling down drunk.  Pop hits from last summer were blaring so loud that I couldn't hear right for a good half hour after we left.  The location (Rittenhouse area) is good, but Philly has plenty of better bars.Simple bar deserves a simple review:  great 7-9:00 happy hour, weak draft selection, and in a nice area.  The crowd was a little rowdy, but in a fun way, and the staff was very pleasant.  Great place to hang out and grab a few cheap drinks.This was our fourth stop on a hunt for a place with fair happy hour prices and enough room to accomodate our party of seven. While the service wasn't at lightening speed and after eating the food my socks were still secure around my feet, there were quite a few notable charms that will bring me back for happy hour next time. All of the drinks were half price, hot dogs and tacos were only a buck each and our servers happy disposition made up for the fact that she was almost as slow as my crock pot.It is what it is. Really, exceptionally cheap drinks and bar food (surprisingly good wings considering they're $0.45 each all day everyday). Happy hour from 7-9 is a huge plus, and has led to being inappropriately drunk on a number of work nights. During happy hour, pitchers are $6, which is crazy cheap but somehow only a minor improvement from every other time of day, when rolling rock ponies are $1.25 and there are a number of other permanent specials ($3 shots, $2-3 budlight drafts). You can easily come here and have a great time and get your fill and then some for under $20. 
That being said, it is what it is. It gets way too crowded on weekend nights, and often during happy hour too. Other than the wings, you get what you pay for ($3 nachos taste a lot like $3 nachos). The service is usually good, but once in a while things take a long time. No real surprises, just remember that it's an ultra-cheap bar.Crowded college hangout filled with drunken college kids. I guess that explains why I was here every Thursday night during my college years getting drunk. Four years later, I recently tried to go back to relive the memories but it just wasn't happening. I'm growing up. $@*%!This is my favorite place in Philly, hands down (especially for college students)! They have great happy hour deals (everything is half off), and on Tuesdays they have $1 tacos (or $1.50 for meat). Their sauce for the tacos is EVERYTHING! Even my friends that didn't like tacos, started coming to Philly just for them! Drinkers offers a dope setting too with great vibes and a friendly crowd! Def a must-go-to place!I had seen this place before when we were at Square on Square, so we dropped in one night after a holiday party and quickly found out why it's called Drinkers.
Everything is pretty cheap, however, the good stuff is found in the 40's of High Life.  No luck finagling a brown bag, but I had a couple, make that POUNDED a couple for my homies since as everyone knows, you have to slam "Fortie Ohs" before the bottom gets too warm.
Pretty lively crowd and decent music the Saturday night we went.First timer. Came here for Tuesday tacos in evening. Ordered margarita Stella and some other drinks with tacos. Bartender Thomas took forever to take our order, he got some other ppls' order who arrived after us and ignored our waving hands. 
Anyhow, finally we managed to order for margarita, and our bartender Thomas checked with Bartender Frank, looked what he supposed to put in margarita, and I guess first time in his life, mixed it in front of us. Well, It didn't taste any better than Costco margarita. Anyways, while we were planning to leave, since our tacos took 30mins bring in, my friend asked for limes, ofc bartender didn't look at us. I reached out the little bowl and handed it to my friend.
Then bartender Frank, screamed at me and my friend, he said "did you just fucking touch it!" He grabbed the bowl from us tossed it to trash while he was yelling. We we're frozen, and didn't know what to say while he was cursing us. Just around time, our tacos arrived. Along with fries(sweet and eggplant fries) and Chicago dog. We only like Chicago dog in all. Taco bread was super cold and meat in it, wasn't tasty at all. We couldn't get water from our waiter/bartender Thomas or anyone else for a long time, until one of the nice bartender(surprisingly a nice person working there, pic) said he will take care of us, and brought water after he finished up talking with other customers(like in 10mins) we asked our check, and left. Not planning to come here again, not even swing by.Had a fun time at Drinker's upstairs area on a Saturday night. Gets pretty crowded but if you are able to snag a table it makes the experience ten times better! Danced to old 90s hip hop and some oldies! Woo!
Typical bar/drinks. I always snag a yuengling or yards ipa before lemon drops ;)This is a good place.  We actually enjoyed it and I loved that I could get chicken tenders for so cheap and that they were good!  Hubs ate cheap as well and his beer was a good price.  Who says you can't live cheaply AND go out to eat in Philadelphia?  Shun the nonbelievers!WORST SERVICE EVER. 
It took the bartender 10 minutes to acknowledge that our group was standing RIGHT IN FRONT of him because he was playing with his laptop, then he gives US an attitude like we were bothering him. After waiting for him to pour 2 pitchers for another 10 minutes, we give our food order and we sit down.  We waited about one quarter length of the Eagles game before I went to approach the bartender again to inquire about our food. He then raised his voice at me, arguing that my group did not put a food order in. We left and went to watch the second half at The Irish Pub around the corner, which made up for bad service but lost it back to the young inebriated crowd of college kids.
So yes, the food is pretty cheap at Drinkers, but you have to deal with an ignorant staff and run the risk that you may not even get your food.For a bar that call's itself 'Drinker's,' the selection of beer is paltry.  I know I'm a beer snob but, honestly people can we say false advertising.  They don't even have a good spread of spirits and are particularly lacking in the Irish Whiskey department.  But if you crave fratly bars with a meat market ambiance, Drinker's might be your choice watering hole.  For me, I'll go down the street to Devil's Alley if I happen to find myself in Rittenhouse.Don't go to the bartender with the derby hat,  he'll make your drinks with no liquor and then have you kicked out when you don't tip himLove the late night happy hours that starts @ 9pm daily.
Wings are some of the best in terms of flavor in the city despite not being huge in size.  Only .35 cents each with about 8 different flavors.  My favorite there is the cajun one.
This place will get very crowded on weekends and during late night happy hour when it is nice outside.  So go early and secure a nice table!
This is a casual place, wear whatever you want and you will not stand out (unless you overdress in a suit like one dude the other night).Awesome pub with really good service. Love the two different atmospheres between floors!Love this place. The bartenders/waiters/busboys are top notch. Went on a packed night and the staff was nothing but polite and respectful. Especially the dude with the beard and the bartender!A friend of mine wanted to go here because of their $1 tacos and $3 Yuenglings.  Curious, I went along.  It's a bit dive bar in atmosphere, and with the cheap prices, I was almost expecting the place to be packed with college kids.  Maybe, it was the wrong night for the college crowd, which was fine by us.  That meant more room for a couple of nearby friends to join us.  Our server had a great attitude and was great with us when it came down to asking her to repeat the drink specials a few times and list every flavor vodka they had.  The $1 tacos, were surprisingly good for the price, especially with the taco sauce.  My friend ordered the sweet potato fries, and let me tell ya, the brown sugar dipping sauce made me think I was eating a cinnamon bun, it was ridiculously sweet.  We left the sauce on the side, and just ate the fries as is, which were good on their own.Just went there last night and had a so so experience. 
Although its nothing more than just a sports bar, they had a special going on with $1 tacos which was great! The beer was good and the people were average. 
So good tacos, beer and thats about it. They don't have that many TV's and the ones they do have aren't really that big. We got there in the afternoon, and the later it got the louder and trashier it got so we left at just the right time. 
Our waitress said she needed to open up a tab for us if we were going to be sitting down at a booth so I gave her my credit card. When it came time to pay with cash we gave her the check and what do you know??? She didn't give me my card back! GREAT! So now I have to wait until they open so I can go get my card back which should have been given to me when she gave us the check. Although I did forget as well, she should have been on top of it. This is what caused me to give them 2 stars. If your going to ask people to hold their credit card to open a tab, make sure you give it back with their check. Is that too much to ask??? It sounds like common sense to me. 
So if you want cheap beer and food, this is definitely your go to place...
If your looking for something a little more worth your time and self worth, I'd look elsewhere!review for drinking only, but the prices are right and theres plenty of space to hang out.this spot has bars both upstairs and downstairs. upstairs gets cleared out on the weekends to open the dance floor with a dj spinning all kinds of fun tunes. the crowd is young and looking for a good time. definitely a safe go to spot for a fun time.I LOVE drinkers! The tacos here are absolutely amazing and on Tuesdays are only a $1 each. The drinkers sauce makes each taco spicy and flavorful. I also love the garlic parm fries here, they are crispy and have the right amount of garlic and parm on them. 
I crave drinkers tacos almost every week and you will be too once you try them!I am definitely a little biased because I used to live next door and came here about 4 times a week even if it was just for a shot. You can't go wrong with this place on weekend nights. That is, if you are in your young/mid twenties. Cheap drinks and dollar tacos, which are actually really good. 
This is also a great post sips spot. They have their specials from 7-9 on Wednesdays, because who actually wants to end Sips at 7?This is a place I *really* need to be in the mood to go to. I've had good times there, but normally on the weekend nights I've been it's like one huge ass frat party. Lots of preppy looking dudes drinking 40s (ugh) and tiny little girls dressed to the nines. 
It's always packed to the point of having to almost molest someone to get by when inside. Obviously it's a place loved by many, but if I'm not already at least buzzing, I can't deal with the massive crowd and wasted co-eds singing along to The Killers.
Now, there have been a few occasions when I've gone on a weeknight, especially for Taco Tuesday, and it's perfectly calm inside. This is what I prefer as I seem to be 25 going on 60. Good bartenders and fun place, but not my first choice for a weekend night out.I came here for my friend's birthday after Christmas and we had a pretty good time. The upstairs has a pool table and gets really crowded pretty fast. The drinks were pretty cheap and we had a great time.i love nachos. the nachos supreme is kickass - especially after drinking 75-cent lion's head beers all afternoon. the staff is super friendly. i love the almost-outside feeling when they open the giant front window. since i was only here on a sunday afternoon (shut up. i like beer.), i can't comment on the nightlife. it seems like a pretty decent low-key spot though. i'll definitely be going back.Two stars. The Moose head and that creepy statue person that looks like Jason and a weird dog had a baby don't help either.
Another fratty bar. I stood in one place for a really long time talking to a friend and I went to walk and my foot was stuck! Woohoo for sticky floors! Too many people here on the weekends so the bartenders are very curt with service.
Bleh. You can do better if you want a chiller place to grab drinks. Otherwise, they do sometimes have cheap food deals.Drinker's is a good time! My roommate loves it there! She raves about it all the time and now I know why! I got the opportunity to go there for the first time last Friday....during Snowmagedan one after the Philly car show. It was super crowed but my roommate and her friend save my boyfriend and I  seats. The bartender Tom was awesome! He is by far one of the best bartenders I have ever seen. 
Their drinks are super cheap and pretty strong. The food was pretty good too. I had a veggie burger with house made potato chips and it was all so good for only $5!!!! Awesome! Our bill(for my boyfriend and I) was around $25? Awesome again! We had a really good time and will most likely go backDrinkers Pub....you definitely don't come here for the great food or awesome beer selection..you find yourself here because whenever your looking for somewhere to go and everywhere else is dead this is always the go too. And you know what, it is always a good time, Great music good looking crowd , great drink specials, cool staff I'm sure thats it's not just by chance that you always find yourself here.Great food! 1$ tacos! Wings were awesome! Cheap but very good! Service was excellent! Thanks Owen!Really liked this place.  First of all it has all the rustic-ness (is that even a word? LOL) of a good ole fashioned dive bar.  Within the walls of eclectic decor, was reasonable priced food. That tasted very, very delicious.  I had shared an appetizer sampler, ordered myself a traditional cheesesteak sandwich which was fabulous, and shared some taco fries, which were very good as well.  The drinks were not out of hand at all as far as price goes, quite reasonable actually.  The wait staff was awesome, and our waitress even recommended a alternative to Guiness since they didn't have it, and it was good :)  Seemed to be a full service bars, as some of  whom I was with had mixed drinks and some had chosen to have a frosty cold one.  I would recommend however, that if you're planning to go out to the Drinker's Pub with a large crowd (4 or more I would say), don't go to Drinker's, it gets packed early, and seating is limited for larger crowds.Been going to Drinker's for about 4 years.  Super friendly staff, big shout to Joe and Tom.  This place is like Cheers, a nice mix of friendly people.  Go place to catch a game or just relax for a decently priced drink.If you are under 25 years old, you will freaking love this place.
If you are over 25 years old, you will freaking loathe this place.
So my 3 stars are a combination of my experiences, pre- and post- 25 years old.  Beers are cheap.  There are always people in here getting their drankkk onnnnn.  The happy hour specials are good and seem to be going on all the time.  And the $1 tacos are pretty tasty.  Especially after 5 Miller Lites.Most people call it Drinker's. I call it Alcoholic's. Same thing. Cheap, cheap drinks and crappy cheap bar food to be eaten after consuming their cheap drinks. The scene is the drunkest and youngest in Rittenhouse. Bring your ID because they're not playing around when they ask (everyone) for it. Pretty great for a rowdy time out if you're looking to tie one on. Leave your Christian Loubitons at home, because they won't look right here, and they're bound to get a Coors Light spilled on them after midnight.they have high life fourtys. and it gets crowded. i dont know what else to say. nothing stands out. is a generally ok placeDefinitely more of a college bar, but the dollar tacos are solid and the drink specials are not bad. A good spot to meet friends during the week...a little too crazy for me on the weekends.My only experiences at Drinker's have been on the weekends during prime drinking hours (after midnight).  Beer prices are fair, but not my scene at this time.  If I had to sum up the experience in one sentence I would say, "Grenades hoisting 40s in an overcrowded bar".My go-to spot for every occasion! Love their half price off everything Happy Hour after a long day at work.  Also love their sing-along DJing on a Friday or Saturday night.
Dance floor, pool table, first and second floor, forties sold here - honestly, what more do you want or need?
Grab your hey hey girlfriends and enjoy!!! This is def my ride or die bar and every time I come here I have the best time!I was here on a friday night, it got so crowded around midnight.  It's just a  dive bar with cheap drinks, but the crowd is better than your average dive bar crowd because I guess it's in rittenhouse square.  young and college-aged but they dressed up to come here.They should call this place Drunkie's Pub, because that's all I saw when Marissa and I popped in out of total curiosity the other night. Popped collars and backwards baseball caps dominated the place, as well as sorority girls who were giddy with the overwhelming pull of male pheromones. Hootie and the Blowfish and Dave Matthews seemed to be the preferred soundtrack (at least it was during the 10 minutes we were there). 
Yep, ten minutes was the absolute limit we could stomach, so we pushed our way out of the tipsy crowd and found ourselves back on the mean, mean streets of Rittenhouse Square. GD...why the hell do I keep ending up in this part of town? Guess I've got nobody to blame but myself!If you're hungry on a Tuesday and in the mood for Mexican, this is the place to go!!! On Taco Tuesdays you can get $1 tacos and they are amazzzzzing! Besides that, they have great service and good beer. Beers are a little pricy, but it is ritten house square, what can you expect? I can't wait to go back!dollar tacos. all day. every day. enough said. bartenders are friendly. drink specials daily. oh yeah. i heart drinkers.This is a hidden gem. Situated next to Devil's Alley it gets easily overlooked. I'd like to keep it that way, as I like the fast service! The bartender is extraordinarily competent in an understated way - runs a bar and waits tables without breaking a sweat. Refills appear without request. The burger here is Perfect! The fries are always fresh, hot and crispy. A delicious and tasty oasis.Stopped in for a drink before going to dinner in the same street. My wife and I were significantly older than the crowd there at 7:30pm but we felt right at home with the excellent selection of music and crowd participation. We will be backI don't know why I keep going back to this place but it just somehow happens! I don't think there is ever a sober person in the place and I always run into someone from college or grad school or my old job etc. My review is pretty conflicted because I really hate that I like this place haha. Anyway, people are always looking to party at Drinker's so you won't be let down in that sense.Terrible people. Snatching drinks out of your customers hand is terrible. That is just petty shitThe $1 tacos r not good. Who can mess up french fries, huh? Drinks are inexpensive. But, it's really a place for beer! The best bar food was the deep fried bacon! YES!!! If ur the cocktail type, this is definitely the wrong place for u. If ur a beer & shot person, this is the spot for u! A quick, cheap dive. It's not worth the drive, parking, meters, & constant parking tickets. But, if ur in the area, it's cool to just stop by.Low key, college style bar. One of my favorites are their $1 soft tacos. And their hot sauce is amazing--wish they sold it by the bottle!Nice chill bar. Moderately price drinks. Kinda cool they sell 40oz miller. Played music you would hear on q102 or wired 96.5. no dress code usuallygood for a cheap place to eat a homey taco.  decent drink specials. good service.  The crowd is a little "fratty".A decent place.. a friend and I headed over there after the Phillies victory parade (yay!) and it seemed like a pretty fun atmosphere.  Also, you can order a 40 at the bar.Cheap, good beer. Cheap awesome buffalo wings...! Definitely recommend. Nice ambiance.I LOVE drinkers! The tacos here are absolutely amazing and on Tuesdays are only a $1 each. The drinkers sauce makes each taco spicy and flavorful. I also love the garlic parm fries here, they are crispy and have the right amount of garlic and parm on them. 
I crave drinkers tacos almost every week and you will be too once you try them!A group of friends and I decided to head to Drinkers for Sips last night and it was such a horrible experience. I bought a drink and within seconds of swiping my card the bartender LOST MY DEBIT CARD. He kept telling me it was somewhere behind the bar and that I had two options either cancel my card or wait till 2 am for closing time. My favorite part was when another bartender comes up to me and says, "look at the bright side we took care of your tab"...REALLY HOW CONSIDERATE OF YOU!  How irresponsible and unprofessional! Furious and concerned I was left to assume that he either gave it to someone else or that it was lost for good. I called Drinkers today to so see if they found it and of course they didn't. So thanks Drinkers for being so careless with people's money!I was kind of hoping this place would be similar to Oscar's, it's not. Went here for dollar tacos because I didn't feel like schlepping up to NoLibs. My friend and I each ordered a different beer, our server gave us both the same beer, which probably wasn't the beer either of us ordered because it tasted awful. The tacos were fine for a dollar. The menu sounds like it could be fun. The bouncer basically accused my 25 year old friend of having a fake ID. Glad I checked it out if for no other reason than that I no longer have to wonder if it's worth a visit. Drinker's is probably great if you have little to no standards.Is Drinker's a meat-market with the average post-college/pre-career crowd? Yes. Are you often assaulted by a large crowd blowing cigarette smoke at the entrance if you attempt to go here post-work or late-evening? Yes. Will your friends be awkwardly stared down by other patrons if they are even mildly cute? Most likely. 
BUT do they have a naked photohunt machine, cheap pitchers and some pretty kickass nachos? Hells Bells. 
My advice, don't attempt to go to Drinker's during Happy Hour, late in the evening or even on a weekend. If you keep that in mind, it is the perfect spot to saddle up to the computer game machine, order a few pitchers and stumble your way out of the bar hours later without judgement. Drinker's brought me a lot of happiness when I was in grad school and dirt broke and needed some cheap thrills and drinks. For as much as it can sometimes suck, it really hits the spot when you want a laid back pitcher type of night. They also have a few big screen tv's for game watching and the layout of the place is pretty spacious if you don't attempt to visit during the above mentioned times. Good luck!i don't know how or why it happened, but this spot became a regular haunt for me and my girls when we were looking for a drink and no nonsense. as time goes on it gets considerably less appealing (not sure if this has more to do with my ever changing tolerance than with the clientele) but i have a feeling it will remain in my rotation for the forseeable future. note: this place is WAYYY better when it's dead and there is no one around. on busy nights it's usually the scene of overly confident 21 year old dudes who think that every girl who is out having a drink is looking for "a good time" and men old enough to be your father looking to prey on the neglected chick in the group of cuties
pros: the servers and bartenders take care of familiar faces, which is always nice. they have motorhead on the jukebox! there is something to be said about being able to drink a 40 in a barDrinkers is a great place to go with friends to have a fun time. The atmosphere is welcoming and the staff is friendly.  If you are lucky enough to have Tamie as your waitress, you're bound to enjoy this place.So....you can be a hater....it's really easy to find reasons to not like drinkers, but I love this place on Thursday nights. For Rittenhouse square, this place is as cheap as it gets.
As a young professional, this place reminds me the most of my undergrad years, yet at the same time I feel like I'm still amongst other people my age.
and shout out to the new DJ, Nick.  He managed to play all of my friends' requests, no matter how ridiculous. By FAR my favorite DJ I've heard at drinkers or at any bar.  He's awesome.Got to the place and met my friends upstairs at the table they had... Then i waited for the waitress... And waited... And then decided to just got to the bar myself and get a drink which took 5 seconds. Then I decided to order some fires and figured is time ill wait for the waitress. So I waited... And waited... And again just went to the bar and ordered. Anyways food came... Got me some BBQ bacon cheese fries and they were great, at this point I had given up on mine and the waitress' timing working out so I went up to grab another drink and after I came back  she finally stopped by the table and mentioned that if we wanted to continue drinking at the table we would have to order from her.  That's when we finished our drinks and left.  So bartenders were great, waitress we had was slow. The fries were great.Stopped by as I walked by with my girlfriend. It's a great place. Cool bartenders, cheap beer, and good bar food. I couldn't ask for more in a dive barThis place just has really nothing to offer anymore. It's basically the type of place college kids go to because they don't know where else to go. It can get crowded, and I gotta say last nights DJ (if you can call him one) was literally driving people out of the bar with some of the worst music that could be played. Maybe the owner or manager can actually find someone who knows what they are doing because that was laughable.Drinkers is a fun, casual joint in Center City where you can grab a good drink and not spend a fortune.  The staff are attentive but laid back.  We always stop by for a few drinks while in town.I've been going to this bar since it opened a few years ago and I have to say I had some good times there. Good specials and awesome happy hour (7-9!) for me since I don't work in the city. I recommend their margarita pitchers, draft pitchers, and 40s!!! I don't recommend you go there on the weekends though... ESPECIALLY in the summer time. The place gets to the point where there is no room to move or air to breathe. Also, for any philly residents, it's mostly out-of-towners on the weekends too... All in all, its definitely  a great place to drink on the weekdays.Came across this place during their Happy Hour and Taco Tuesday deal. I get that it's a dive bar and it's not supposed to be nice, but this place just felt kind of trashy and sad. Their tacos were only a $1 which was a sweet deal, and we ended up ordering fries as well, but the total bill came to around $40 (we had four drinks total, which - when you advertise that your happy hour is half off all drinks, it just didn't make much sense why the bill would be that high). The tacos themselves were terrible and my drink was dilute. The service wasn't really that great either - I asked whether we should order/pick up at the bar and was told that a waitress would come serve us. It took the waitress about 15 minutes to give us menus and another 15 minutes to get our orders down. Unlike other reviews, I disagree - I really did not find the bar to be "cozy" at all. The one cool thing about the bar was that there's a wall covered in abandoned credit cards which makes for an interesting conversation starter. Otherwise, it was really just meh. I wasn't impressed. Would probably not return.Stumbled upon this place recently. Fun vibe. Solid music. Come on Eileen came on at just the right time. Good crowd. Nice bartenders.They opened an upstairs! It actually seems really fun, like a good mix between downstairs, mcgillin's, and noche. Definitely worth a try on a weekend night (I was there on wednesday after sips, so it was packed of course).
Which reminds me: Get's extremely crowded on Wednesdays during the summers because sips ends at 7 which is when happy hour here starts, so every from around rittenhouse funnels here.It's always busy here on the weekends but it's worth it. Down stair is non hip hop, upstairs is the dance floor  I've seen so many funny shhit here bring your camera you'll be cracking up at the crowd coming in haha. Bartenders and servers here are fast and friendly. Love this placeThis place is  A fun place to go when you have nowhere else to go.  I highly recommend it on a week day over the weekends any day. This place isn't like what used to be the bouncers have  Changed so many new faces.  The  Bouncers outside  Complete a******'s. The guys on the inside are so much nicer. The music downstairs is for old heads they also have up stairs which  Plays a lot of hip hop I prefer be downstairs because I have to deal with  Ignorant spoiled college kids. I do recommend their food the  Barbecue chicken and the Buffalo chicken sandwiches are usually my favorite.  The bar back guy upstairs with the  longbeard  Looks like he never showers But other than that you can have fun with this place When girls start to  Dance all over you, now that i love!Was there for a friends birthday and had a terrible experience. There was an older bartender who I believe was in a Rolling Stones concert T-shirt who yelled in my face because I suggested he serve my friend since I had been served so we could leave the bar and make room for more people. After he eventually severed her he proceeded to then yell at me again and ask if I was a tourist which I am in fact not. Just overall a very bad experience and I will not be going back.I give them 5!!!! After 3 bad stops on the Margarita March they switched it up and added watermelon  nice surpriseI'm a fan of drinkers. I always have a good time at this one and the one in center city. It's always a great time when you can walk around with a 40 oz. and you get looks of envy instead of disgust :) As well, the bartenders are always friendly.... I suggest this as a good pregame before a night out at the more high end places or to go to if you wanna get your "swerve" on in general!Yet another happy hour spot when I was working in Center City.  You know how some cities, have establishments like the Yale Club, or The Harvard Club for alumni to stop in and drink, or do whatever it is those people do...this kind of reminded me of the U of State club, passable college environment...If I ever remember college being like this?  I'm glad I went to the right school!  The jukebox did have Hatebreed which really blew my mind..
If you want to see a bunch of preppies drinking after their first job outta college turn around fast....Then blast hatebreed in this place!My drink was $8 here and the same drink was $10 next door. Both places have free entry. I'd drink here before going anywhere else nearby, but it gets extremely crowded, like shoulder to shoulder, so you must  love or be okay with crowds, and people who have little to no manners.Recently went here for a bar crawl. Drinks weren't too expensive. They had great cheap tacos. I think they were each 1.50. Fun environment and was good for dancing.  They played popular music that was easy to dance to.Drinker's is a nice after work place. They have reasonably priced drinks and the atmosphere is friendly enough. The crowd tends to be early to mid 20's so expect that type of vibe. The food isn't bad from the little that I've had from their menu.This places receives my scorn for having too many fratty types that stared at my tablemates for too long and gave the place a meat market vibe. But then they redeemed themselves by having great service and surprisingly tasty bar food (and cheapish beer). The nachos were on par and there was no shortage of sour cream, cheese or jalapenos. Still hungry, I ordered the bacon cheddar fries (jalapenos come on top) for our group: delicious. The fries were crispy, but with just enough potato inside, the cheese coated almost every fry, and the small hunks of bacon were everywhere. These are some of the best bacon cheese fries I've ever had, which is saying a lot.
I'm not sure how much the 40's cost, but it brought up fond memories of home to see people guzzling them here. Maybe next time.
One word of caution: make sure to lock your bathroom door and check it twice. There are three restrooms, each with dark wooden doors that need careful closing and locking, lest you get accidentally peeped on by fellow bar-goers. My friend profusely apologizes to the guy she walked in on.Amazing place truly a hidden gem! Bartenders were absolutely spectacular and the atmosphere is just as great. If you're looking for a fun spot with great drinks and people, this is a must.Went for half-priced happy hour. Drinks were super strong and bartenders were super nice. It gets pretty busy around happy hour time so you definitely have to squeeze your way in there.The best bar in Philly! Everyone that works here is professional and the drinks are fairly priced. Highly suggest it!Drinkers is a typical pub. Drinks are cheap, bouncers are a**holes, beer is cheap, and have damn good drink specials. This is also one of the best places to get tacos. Their chicken tacos are THE best in town. Also their homemade hot sauces is legit.Drinker's is a haven for all the kids who were picked on in high school, and ignored in college, to now splash on the cologne, show a little thong tag, and bask in the glow of over-priced domestic beers, and talk about their leased Pontiac Sunbirds underneath blaring Def Leppard singles. Upon entering, I looked at the bouncer, and we exchanged a glance of pity... for each other - my going in to this batcave, and him having to deal with it night after night.
The highlight of my night came when two guys out front, smoking Parliament Lights I'm sure, saw a gay couple walking across the street, and tried to shout at them. When it failed, the taller (5'6") of the two looked at me and said, "Hey brah, it's 2007...you know?" Yeah, I know.
Mitch Albom wrote a book called "The Five People You Meet In Heaven." Go to Drinker's one night, and you'll meet the fifty you'll probably see in New Jersey hell.