Just a simple Dutch dine-in... the food is done quickly and done right.  I've only been for breakfast, but I've heard great things about their lunch time meals as well.  I got the apple cinnamon french toast w/ turkey bacon, overall really good, just wish there was a little more apple on the toast.  The turkey bacon were nice big slices and just the right amount of crispy edges... add a little syrup on there with the french toast and it was a perfect paring.  They have fresh squeezed OJ as well, but it tasted a little weird to me, maybe it was just those specific oranges. They also have scrapple... I think it's like Philly's version of spam, but I refuse to try it... just looks weird.  The staff are extremely friendly and the meal's are a good value.  Check it out in the Reading Terminal when you're there.If you're looking for breakfast in the Reading Terminal Market, the Dutch Eating Place is where to go. Just look for the crowds and you'll find a diner-like atmosphere with counter space and stools.
When I went, I ordered the blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon. The blueberry pancakes were good, huge, and moist. They were like most blueberry pancakes you can get at a traditional diner.
What blew me away was the bacon... Twisted and piled high on top of one my pancakes, I thought they were going to be chewy and under-cooked. Instead, they were heavenly strips of perfectly cooked meat. When I put them in my mouth, the taste was incredible and the texture was perfect. It pretty much dissolved in my mouth. Could it get any better?there is so many different places to eat in Reading terminal but this one caught my sister's eyes. I didn't really mind bc at that point, I would eat McDonalds (don't do it) bc I was starving. The wait was about 10 mins because they only have a small eatting area, seating for 30 people. GO WITH 2 PEOPLE (including yourself) - you will be seated earlier than the table for 3, 4 5, 6.. etc.
I ordered a turkey burger and my sister ordered corn nibbles (or something like that) and an open turkey sandwich. Both deeeelicious. Something about these Amish people but everything tasted fresh and they were really sweet and accomodating. The corn things were sweet... whcih freaked me out bc corn isn't suppose to be sweet... unless it's sweet corn, but this def was not sweet corn. It had some apple sauce or something mixed in with the corn which they batter and then lightly fry. It was just a wierd taste. Their iced tea is BOMB. they make it themselves and I think my sister and I drank too many for our own good.I gave this place a 4/5 stars because everything was incredible the dumpling was nice and a good portion of dough and apples and the caramel stuff. When she gave us our dumpling she put whipped cream on it but when we got back to our table it was complete liquid. I was very disappointed in this. I thought they had brains and they would use cold whipped cream not room temp. I mean it should be common knowledge. I feel that is was ok in general but if you come get whipped cream on the side.The food was delicious! The pancakes were huge and they were great. The sausage was huge but it was the best sausage ever! Fresh squeezed orange juice. Their jam was awesome! I will forever remember my meals here. The only thing that sucks is that space is limited at the counter. I wish this place existed in Los Angeles .Definitely my go-to place for brunch in Philadelphia! Tasty and giagant blueberry pancakes!I read the reviews on yelp and decided to try this place. Needless to say,  was very disappointed. I ordered cheeseburger and it was the worst cheeseburger I've ever eaten.Delicious homemade food! Everything tasted homey and the flavors were subtle (not overly sweet). The homemade jam was amazing as well!Wow is all I have to say! I went here with a couple of co workers for lunch. The wait wasn't long at all. And our waiter was very friendly and gave us the best options. The food was delicious. I will be returningNever had their food but have had their apple dumplings many times - the apple dumplings are AMAZING and one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Worth a trip to Philly to get these.My sister in law told me their breakfast is really good, but I got there late and ate lunch at the dutch eating place. I had the chicken pot pie and it was ok, the cole slaw was pretty good. The apply dumplngs  are definitely the star of this place. You can get whipped cream or heavy cream. I got the heavy cream and it was so damn good.OMG... this is absolutely the BEST of the best at the Reading Terminal Market and honestly the whole of the City of Philly [talk about comfort food].... breakfast favorite spot almost every weekend and just had lunch devoured an amazing Turkey Melt sandwich (all homemade with such  care). Javin and his family make you feel like part of their family... look forward to next amazing meal & to dine with our friends!!!The Dutch Eating place is right inside the Reading Terminal Market. It's one of the few places to eat with its own seating area, which is a curse and a blessing. I like having the nice Amish ladies serve me but when it's busy (which I'm assuming it often is on Sat mornings), you might have to wait a while in line.
The wife and I had the Apple French Toast special and the Blueberry pancake special. I liked the Apple French Toast more--had a nice texture to it and the apple flavor wasn't overpowering. Each came with a few strips of turkey bacon. This might have been the best turkey bacon I've ever had--really thick meaty strips of bacon. I thought it was interesting that turkey bacon comes standard instead of regular bacon.
We also had a side of eggs and scrapple. This was our first time eating scrapple. I'm not sure if I could eat it regularly since it's probably really bad for you but I'm always willing to try something once. The wife liked it more than I did.
The Dutch Eating Place is only open from Wednesday to Saturday, so don't save your trip here until Sunday--you'll be very disappointed.Great place for traditional Pennsylvania Dutch food, both breakfast and things like pot pie and potato pancakes. Also on the affordable side. Biggest complaint is how crowded reading terminal tends to be. Consider takeout.Besides the fact that I adore the Reading Terminal Market, the Dutch Eating Place is a-ok eats. Cost conscious big breakfasts, friendly service..take a seat, enjoy the diner feel and a homey meal..oh and of course, try the apple dumpling!Great place for breakfast!
Things to note:
* There are two lines -- one for take out and one for seating. Make sure you know which line you're in. Waits can be long, but not terrible.
* Seating -- don't come with more than 4 people. 2 is probably the best number.
* Service -- quick and easy. They've organized themselves pretty effectively, with two bars encircling the staff space so that they can easily bring orders out to patrons.
* Best things to get -- fresh squeezed orange juice, fried apple dumpling, and bacon.
* Overrated, but good nonetheless -- apple french toast and blueberry pancakes.Took me a while to get around to eating here due to its hours and the vast array of breakfast and brunch options in Philadelphia.
There are a lot of places that have better ambience, do more interesting breakfast type foods, etc.  However, I think for pure straightforward breakfast food this may have been the best I have had here.
Eggs were super fresh and perfectly cooked.  Scrapple was delicious - crunchy on the outside and pleasantly mushy on the inside.  And I had an apple dumpling with it which was super.  Can't really be much worse for you than having pancakes or a waffle can it?
Frou frou bruncheries are great and all, but we all just need a good uncomplicated breakfast now and then.The aroma Alone can get it 5 stars but the food is disappointing. 
The French toast is made with regular white bread and the omelets are puny. I've been here 3 times. 
I'm just not a fan of the food. 
But damn...the way it smells over there is heavenly!This was yummy. I stopped in for a quick bite on a Tuesday afternoon during a business trip to Philadelphia. The restaurant is inside a market, and the choices around it (and competing with it) are plentiful. However, this is a solid option. They have daily specials you can check out. I had the grilled Reuben with fries. The fries were smaller and thinner, which I personally like. The sandwhich itself was good, with the bread buttered and seared, which is yummy. I thought the meat quantity was a bit low, and I since I don't eat carbs, I felt I got very little meat. The meat was, however, savory and tasty. Note that drinks do NOT come with free refills. I find that weird for fountain drinks, but it is what it is, just be advised. I would like to try this place again for breakfast sometime.Seriously the best "homestyle" breakfast I've ever had. The vibe is fantastic I'd you like the bustle. His most excellent scrapple... Available at the market.Man it is all true. Simple breakfast menu with wholesome ingredients straight from the farm. Like ham and cheese omelet with white cheese and I thought I heard an oink somewhere.  Friendly and prompt. No Amish mafia shakedowns going on here, haha!  Delicious, but I will have to double up on my simvastatin.Visited on a Saturday morning around 8:45 - my husband and I probably waited roughly 15-20 minutes to get a spot. We had the blueberry pancakes, turkey bacon, grilled sweet roll, and scrapple. 
Blueberry pancakes: good, but not cooked all the way through, so they were a little dough-y. 
Turkey bacon: the best turkey bacon I've had
Grilled sweet roll with pecans: also tasty - couldn't finish the whole thing!
Scrapple: I ordered this since I was in Philly and the kind waitress said it was something to try... but I took about two bites and called it a day. Not my cup of tea.
I'd say if the wait is under 15 minutes, give it a try. If not, there are other options.The prices here are amazing and the food hits the spot. Whether it's the blueberry pancakes or the apple cinnamon french toast, you can't go wrong. I usually go with the french toast special because it comes with three slices of turkey bacon and freshly squeezed orange juice, all for $8! If you're near it, and even if you're not, it's worth stopping by.I had not planned on eating here but after a friend recommended it I figure what the heck can one breakfast do to my blood pump. To be certain not a whole lot I went with blubbery pancakes and a couple of strips of turkey bacon.
The pancakes (2 of them) were some of the more tastier pancakes I can recall having decent size and the turkey bacon was tastier then expected for turkey bacon. I had some orange juice to wash it all down followed by a cup of coffee and neither left me with a craving for more but met simple expectations of OJ and coffee.
The service was nice the counter one can choose to eat sat which I did was a bit tight but I guess I'm getting more wide to especially with all my recent eating.
The leaving my stool at DEP is if in Philly again it will be a place I'm open to returning to if the number of meals I must devour permits as their are other breakfast places I must experience s well, but bottom line I thought it a positiveI came here for breakfast one Saturday morning. There was a large line, but it moved rather quickly. There isn't much seating, and everything is at the counter, so it's hard to come here with a group of more than 2-3 people and expect to sit together. Luckily, they were very accommodating and my 3 friends and I were able to sit together. 
The food was very good. I had the apple french toast, which was delicious. Also amazing was the big glass of fresh orange juice. The prices were very reasonable (as is everything in reading terminal), and I found myself wanted to go back here for breakfast again.This place is awesome! I love the hot turkey platter, however, all of the food to top notch. I have been eating here for years and always have a good experience. It is usually busy, but the servers work hard to keep the line moving and the food usually comes out quickly. The prices are inexpensive and the meal is always delicious.My mom makes fantastic chicken and waffles. I had been looking for a place in the city that serves the Pennsylvania dutch style of this dish - not the fried chicken and waffles most people are used to seeing. When I heard about Dutch Eating Place I knew I had to go. It took me a year to finally get there on a week they were serving their version of this dish. You pay nine bucks and get a styrofoam container with a waffle and chicken gravy, corn, and mashed potatoes. Sides first: pretty good. I'm critical about mashed potatoes, but these were smooth and creamy. The one thing they were lacking was some gravy, though I imagine you could always ask for this. The corn was corn, nothing special. The main attraction: good. Made slightly differently than the family recipe. Here you get a waffle smothered in a thick chicken gravy, which has bits of chicken and onion throughout. No slices or pieces of tender chicken breast - like I'm used to. The gravy was flavorful and creamy. It was good. Would I eat it again? Absofruitly. Is it better than my mom's? Well, is anything ever better than mom's?Do yourself a favor and stop by! Seriously these are the sweetest women on earth. I was going to get one Apple dumpling but ended up getting the three pack to share with friends. By the time I got the bag on the plane the cream had turned to soup obv because it's made from real cow's milk. Anyway the dumpling was absolutely DELICIOUS. It's not too sweet and it isn't bland either, perfect balance of homemade goodness.Believe the hype, Dutch Eating Place is about as good as it gets for a diner. 
Read all the Yelp reviews and I have to say ;
Bacon- awesome
Eggs over medium- set whites with bright orangeish yolks, obviously fried in butter - awesome
Hash browns- these could use some work, i do want crispness, but definitely about 3 x the portion size that was served to me at Down Home Diner across the Market and at Little Petes
Coffee- manageable 
Boss's Egg/Bacon/Cheese sandwich- large large, reminding me of my own cooking
Fresh squeezed grapefruit juice - very nice for a non coastal town
APPLE DUMPLING- APPLE DUMPLING!!!!!!  As one reviewer put it, put that heavy cream on there you wusses! Sooo good.  My boss said it reminded him of meals back in Virginia, melt in your mouth crust and you definitely could taste the real butter and cream and sugar, not corn syrup. 
On a side note, for those of you who can eat the whole thing of that apple dumpling, you amaze me! We couldn't finish the one we had and ended up having to be rolled over to the convention center. 
Definitely will be re-visited if we find our back to Philly.Hands down the best blueberry pancakes I have ever eaten. Highly recommend the scrapple breakfast sandwich if you have a hearty appetite and a taste for scrapple, a salty meat sausage patty.  The sandwich is served on delicious bread with melted cheese. Ridiculously huge portions that would feed a family. Loved every bite!!!   Served by a cute Dutch Amish family.Excellent breakfast! Went here because Reading Terminal Market was around the corner from our hotel, and this place had a line. The line was there for a good reason. Sat at the counter, had the pancakes with a side of scrapple and loved it!Good pastrami and fries, good price, good amount of food, but nothing exceptional food wise. No different then a sandwich and fries at most counters. Service was great.  Would eat there again but nothing exciting _ just average food at a good price.We ordered the Turkey sandwich with gravy and mashed potatoes and the apple dumpling. The apple dumpling was okay, it seemed like every other kind of apple turnover that I had eaten before except this was drowned in whipped cream and caramel sauce. 
The turkey itself was dry but with a little help from the gravy it redeemed itself, however, it was just a simple sandwich.  Two slices of white bread, small slices of turkey, and again, drowned in gravy.  The gravy made the bread soggy.  However, the mashed potatoes were pretty good! My expectations were rather high of the place so I was let down by their food. 
The service here was really good and really fast as well.  So if you want a quick bite then I'd go here. Also the prices weren't insane like some other places in the reading terminal.This place is great.  The blueberry pancakes are great.  It came with turkey bacon.  Ok, ok you don't like turkey bacon, that's what I thought.  I was wrong, it was really good.  Yes you can get pork bacon. The line for a seat moves along.  Don't miss this place.A good place to bring out-of-town guests when visiting the market.  I took a guest there to try shoo fly pie.  Both of us realized we don't like it, but it was still a good experience.  You don't find scrapple or shoo fly pie in many other farmers' markets!
Breakfast is fresh and cheap!Another of my favorite breakfast spots. The Dutch has some incredible eggs, and delicious bacon. While I usually spring for a sandwich, I do alternate and get omelets here from time to time. Their food is always very good, and the workers there maintain the place well, despite the large amount of business they always seem to be doing when I drop by.
My entire job gets breakfast here, and they have yet to make an error with anyone's orders.
I highly recommend them, if you have the time to work through the line.Awesome!  My husband and I went there for breakfast. I highly recommend the blueberry pancakes and turkey bacon.  The pancakes were loaded with blueberries.  Get there early because seating is extremely limited.  The service is  very friendly.  Oh, if you order the eggs, the jam for your toast is homemade and delicious.Great quick and cheap brunch. Food is hot and fresh with no frills. They have two lines -- one is for ordering to take out and the other is for the bar counter seating. Both times I've gone on weekends and the seating line goes insanely fast. Recommendations off the menu are the blueberry pancakes special with turkey bacon and coffee Or any of the eggs platters which come with perfectly cooked hot eggs and two servings of toast with meat. Add the home fries for good measure. Only criticism is the coffee is pretty weak standard diner coffee. But for the service and the price who cares?The apple dumplings are the best!!!
It looks more like a pie instead of a dumpling. We got whip cream on the top and it melted very quickly as the apple dumpling is warm. The texture is moist and full of apple flavors. YUMMY!Walked completely around the Reading Terminal Market twice and finally settled on this place for lunch.  I ordered the pastrami sandwich lunch special. The lemonade was fresh and not overly sweet and the pastrami sandwich was moist and more than enough for lunch with the mashed potatoes and gravy I ordered with it.  Breakfast here looks delicious and I can't wait to try it.Ordered the chicken pot pie, but its delivery was more of a chicken noodle soup with a dinner roll and coleslaw on the side.
Despite its liquidity, the flavors were so spot on and so fresh. The potatoes and handmade Amish noodles provided a nice heartiness while the celery and carrots gave the whole dish a nice sweetness.
Was admittedly a little disappointed I didn't get a traditional chicken pot pie experience, but it was still a very good meal.This is one of my favorite eating establishments on Earth. I lived in Philadelphia from 2004 - 2006 and my husband and I ate there nearly every Saturday. I've tried almost everything on the menu and loved it all - especially the ham loaf, Reuben, corn nuggets, and lemonade. We recently went back after a 10 year hiatus and it was still exactly the same! The service and prices are unbeatable. Going here is an awesome regional experience since their style of cooking is not available in other parts of the world.Amazing!  Best pancakes I have ever eaten. The portions are Huge. My son and I should have split the order of pancakes. I had the blueberry short stack and he had the plain. We only about half of one pancake. My husband ordered the western omelette and it was outstanding. Our bill was only $21 for all three plates. So good that we plan to go back for breakfast again tomorrow.Not the best breakfast in Philadelphia.... I had the apple french toast. No apples, no apple flavor. Bland. Sad. 
My wife had a ham omelet? Or was it? The ham was from a deli, the omelet was also sad. The toast was toast. Grits were inconsistent.
It wasn't bad it just wasn't amazing or "the best". Perhaps Philadelphians like there food bland? 
Highlight of the meal was the fresh squeezed OJ. That was good. The rest.... well I'm glad it wasn't expensive.Stopped by to pick up some lunch with a couple of visiting friends. The super turkey melt was good and filling, but nothing to write home about. My only complaint is that the turkey was dry...as in overcooked. Considering they douse the sandwich with Russian dressing, probably made it edible.Delicious food and friendly service!! I personally hate Apple pies. But there apple dumpling was pretty good and nice twist on it. I ordered the bacon egg and cheese sandwhich on white bread which was very tasty. My gf ordered the same but added sausage to it, id go for one without the sausage. The French toast was pretty bland to be honest. But not the worst I've ever had. All in all pretty good experience.Really solid egg sandwich and omelette. Only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because I couldn't find a place to sit and had to walk back to my hotel on the snow. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and need breakfast!Delicious!!!  Grits and Chip Beef over Home Fries and Scrapple!!!!!  Must try!!!!  The entire market is a foodies dream - but breakfast the Dutch way - is the only way to go.If you want perfection, come here. This place is heavenly in every way. Friendly staff, quick service, and food that's to die for. I ordered apple cinnamon french toast, a side of turkey bacon, and fresh squeezed orange juice. All three items were a combo special for only $7.99. If I could have it every day, I would. The french toast was loaded with apples, piled with cinnamon, and waa accompanied by a generous dollop of butter. The turkey bacon was thick, not greasy, and they gave me three pieces. The OJ (fresh squeezed) was amazing. All around, a perfect little place for breakfast or lunch.Stopped in the reading market to find something to eat for breakfast/brunch. And found this place with a huge line and remembered reading that it was pretty goodl. I ordered the apple cinnamon french toast to go which comes with turkey bacon and orange juice. After ordering, I think I only had to wait about 15 min for my food. It wasn't as fantastic as I thought it'd be with all the hype. I feel like they are making too many meals at once for the quality to be amazing. And it looked like the food was just thrown into togo boxes so presentation didn't seem to matter too much.They must bring all the ingredients from their farms.
There is nothing special about this place, but the food is simply very very tasty.
It's got to be ingredients.
And it is so cheap. most special costs about 7 bucks.
Coffee is very good too.Love this place! best breakfast in Philly. Nothing fancy, but great down home cooking, Pennsylvania Dutch style. Everything is good on the menu, fresh bacon, sausage and scrapple. No tables here, just sit at a counter and enjoy the companionship of other diners. The employees are very friendly, and they make the visit enjoyable. After breakfast, stand in line at Beilers and get a blueberry fritter for desert!If you want consistency in food and generous portions at a reasonable rate, this is the place to go.  I had not been at the terminal in a while but when you're in the area you must stop by.  That is, if you can get a seat!  I just had the lunch special, chzburger, lto mayo, FF and lemonade $6 or $7, amazing.  No other words but mouth-watering!It's better than a diner - it's true Pennsylvania Dutch cooking right in Reading Terminal.  A perk of this place is that they have a lot of seating within their space unlike many places that rely on customers leaving their counter to go sit in the Terminal's set of tables where it can be tough to find a spot.  In any case, the wait staff also are an added perk.  Our waitress was attentive to our every need and quickly gave us menus when we sat down amidst a busy morning for breakfast.
We both had the blueberry pancakes with coffee special and really enjoy it.  They serve a large square of butter atop two very large (almost plate-size) pancakes and I left with left overs that I enjoyed this morning (the day-after).  
Highly recommend this place for breakfast - don't even browse the Terminal - just go here right away.Portions are massive, the food fresh if not heavy and prices cheap.  Might just be the best scrapple on earth.  And the best butter.
Healthy? No.  Exciting?  No.  A great example of this sort of food.  You betcha!Amazing food and prices.  Everything on the menu looked reasonably priced.  I ordered a ham, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich $4, coffee and apple dumpling with heavy cream.  The wife ordered blueberry pancakes short stack.  The sandwich was loaded, normally you would get a simple slice of ham but this came with an inch of sliced ham very nice.  Coffee was good but not great.  Blueberry pancake short stack came with a heap of butter and even though it was a short stack it was more than my wife could finish.  The apple dumplings were indeed special $3ish.  perfect ratio of bread and apple...and was a perfectly baked apple.
Seating can be a challenge...certainly a clue you are about to have a special meal.
closed on Sunday and Monday and I think it shuts down an hour before other shops in the market.I stopped by here after seeing it on Yelp and realizing that after living in the area for nine years I never had stopped into Reading Terminal for breakfast or any of the Pennsylvania Dutch treats. The prices here are fabulous, the portions large, and the service speedy and polite. I couldn't believe how quickly I was served and how small the bill was at the end. The food is straightforward and not haute cuisine, but if you're looking for a filling meal this should be your spot. The people watching is good, so come early and see some locals. Be sure to try the homemade strawberry preserves!!apple cinnamon french toast ..probably not the same as the apple dumpling people are talking about....didnt have much "apple-ness" to it.  only saw a little apple sauce in between the egg soaked bread.  dusted with a bunch of cinnamon on top and a slab of butter the size of 4 slices of bread....
i was peeking around and other stuff had huge servings.The morning of Day 3 brings us back to the Reading Terminal Market. in Philadelphia. I checked on Yelp the night before and was guided to the Dutch Eating Place because of the great reviews. We walked up to look at their menu and a couple was leaving their barstools which would allow the four of us to sit down. They said, "It's fantastic food, but be careful what you order. Everything is huge portions!" That was no understatement. We ordered blueberry pancakes, a side of bacon, a side of sausage, a side of breakfast potatoes, milks for the kids and orange juice for the adults. Our total was $17!!! Let me say the pancakes come three to an order and are the size of hubcaps, literally. They rank up there with some of the best I have ever had. The breakfast potatoes were lightly seasoned with Lawry's season salt. They were perfectly cooked. One of the reviewers on yelp said, "I have a crush: the Amish". I could not agree more!I have passed this stand so many times in the past 10 years, and usually on a weekend when it is super crowded.  Well today I passed it on a Tuesday morning, and although it was busy, there was not a long line.  
Our party of four sat down in about 5 minutes for a nice breakfast.   The service here is very speedy and every efficient.  
I recall having a cinnamon apple pancake breakfast which included some turkey bacon. I found the food to be solid and yummy; however, probably not the best I have ever had in the competitive world of breakfast foods in this city.
I would return again if the timing was right.TIP: There are two separate lines, one for take-out and one for sit-down.
WOW, I don't think I've ever eaten pancakes as fluffy as they were here! I ordered the blueberry pancakes which were so HUGE and oh so FLUFFY with a side of 2 very large bacon pieces. My boyfriend ordered the chicken pot pie which was not as good as we were hoping it to be. The chicken pot pie was more like a chicken noodle soup with bits and pieces of the pie crust in a medium-sized container. It was pretty good, but definitely not the chicken pot pie you'd expecting. I've also heard a lot of good things about their apple dumplings! I'll have to give them a try the next time I make a stop here. 
Service here is really friendly! The guy behind the counter was really helpful in suggesting options for us and telling us customers' favorites. The food was also prepared pretty fast, we didn't have to wait too long after ordering from the take-out line. They seemed extremely busy and the sit-down area was also packed. But I think there was a decently fast turn-over rate, so you wouldn't have to wait too long to be seated. If you're in the mood for some good Amish breakfast food, I would recommend giving the Dutch Eating Place a try! You won't be disappointed.A requirement for breakfast whether you live in Philly or are just visiting. Nothing is bad here. Nothing. If you want to go authentic get the creamed chip beef on toast with a side of scrapple and home fries. Pancakes are super moist and on point. Don't miss this place.It was ok. I tried the eggs sausage and potatoes. Meh. My friend had the blueberry pancakes and was very happy. We returned the next morning - after all other Yelpers gave some pretty solid reviews. I had the apple cinnamon french toast. Verdict...meh again. My friend had the pancakes again - and she was pretty happy with them. Verdict, there are other breakfast places in the area. I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here again.Loved this place.  It's a conglomeration of restaurants, groceries, and other merchandise under one roof.  We enjoyed walking through the merchant stalls to see what was being offered.  They had a butchers shop, fresh fruits and vegetables, a variety of restaurants, bakeries, candy store - you name it, they probably had it there.
We ate breakfast at the The Dutch Eating Place (an amish style eatery).  There was a line, so we figured it had to be good, right?  My husband had the blueberry pancake and turkey bacon special.  He got 2 blueberry pancakes that were as big as the dinner plate they were served on.  I had the 2 eggs with toast and scrapple.  I'm not sure I'm a scrapple fan, but I had to try it...  My husband and I shared our meals and couldn't eat it all!
I'd definitely recommend checking out the Reading Terminal Market and the Dutch Eating Place.I ordered the blueberry pancakes special and an apple dumpling. The pancakes were very big and fluffy and good for sharing for two people. It came with a side of turkey bacon and coffee. The apple dumpling was basically an apple pie with a decored whole apple in the middle (not slices). I asked for whipped cream with the apple dumpling and it made it a bit too soggy for my liking. I would do no toppings next time! This place gets busy  so be ready to wait 10ish minutes for your food.Imagine a foggy walk through Reading Terminal on an early rainy Saturday afternoon. Even with dark shades the fluorescent lights are too bright. You need grease. You need coffee. You need it now. 
The Dutch Eating Place will hook you up. 
There's nothing fancy about this refreshingly simple lunch counter. They serve breakfast til 3pm. Their sticky buns are phenomenal with raisins and walnuts. A heaping pile of home fries and omelet-y goodness will arrive with lightning speed, and you will be able to hide in the openness of anonymous tourism.This was my first visit to Reading Terminal Market and Dutch Eating Place. I got the special of the day: Apple French Toast. It came with fresh squeezed oj and turkey bacon; I bought a side of home fries. Everything was delicious from the fresh churned butter on my french toast to the thick cut bacon. I have to go back because I haven't had an apple dumpling yet!On one of those educational family vacations that I only appreciated in my adulthood, I was dragged unwillingly to Lancaster, PA to learn about the Amish.  I was predictably bratty through the various farm and cultural tours, but when it came to the food section, I was transformed into an eager and attentive (if also gluttonous) tour participant.  It was a magical day when I tried my first corn chowder, and even more importantly, my first apple dumpling.  The Amish apple dumpling is a deceptively simple yet life changing dessert.  
I've often relived the magic of that moment at Dutch Eating Place in Reading Terminal Market.  Their apple dumpling ($2.75) is quite authentic and delicious.  A whole cored apple is spiced with cinnamon or nutmeg and wrapped in pastry dough with the apple intact.  Then the whole thing is baked and buttery brown sugar and cinnamon syrup is drizzled on top.  As a fatty complement, the apple dumpling comes with cream on the side.
PARTING THOUGHT: If an apple a day keeps the doctor away, I'm pretty sure that an apple dumpling from Dutch Eating Place not only keeps the doctor away but also keeps a person healthy, wealthy and wise...Went here for breakfast 3 days in a row!! Go early or be prepared to wait. We arrived when the doors opened at Reading Market and it was worth waking up for.Well worth the wait on a Saturday morning. Apple cinnamon French toast and blueberry and plain pancakes were delicious. Servers and staff were great!Dutch Eating Place has AMAZING scrapple. The first time I went I got a scrapple egg and cheese sandwich on toast, and I didn't love the sandwich (it was a little soggy and I wasn't a fan of the eggs). I loved the scrapple though, so the second time I ordered scrapple and one egg with toast. Ordering an over easy egg to go was probably not my smartest decision (in the two minutes it took for me to get to a table, the yolk was everywhere!) but it was still delicious. The portion of scrapple is huge and cooked perfectly -- nice and crispy on the outside! I'll be back for sure.Food is amazing, and after a long walk from the hotel, the ac in the reading market was great.The Dutch Eating Place is within Reading Terminal. Once you order you will have to find seats around Reading but there is a large seating area by the Nut Store and Restrooms. We ate here because we heard good things about their food and felt that we needed to get something Amish while in Philly. I ordered the scrapple and scrambled eggs plate which also comes with your choice of white or wheat toast. For those not familiar with Scrapple, it is basically Dutch spam. I wasn't sure what to expect but it was pretty good. It has a sweetness to it. For those with issues with food texture might not like it because it is crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. But overall it exceeded my expectations and I'm glad that I tried it. My friend ordered the blueberry pancake and it is very buttery. The coffee is very hot so let it cool down before drinking it.HAVE AGAIN: Really fun place to go - I was the first morning customer. OJ very good, wished I'd seen the grits - they looked great. Good service.
NOT HAVE AGAIN: Real disappointment  for the apple French toast special. French toast was nothing special and I asked for regular bacon but got the tasteless turkey bacon.As the founder of the Yelp Haute Dumpling Club, it is safe to say I've had my fair share of dumplings in my lifetime. Living in the Washington, DC area most of the dumplings I have consumed are of the Asian variety so when I was in Philly I was excited to try the stuffed breads of the Pennsylvania Dutch and the Polish.
I had an hour to kill at Reading Terminal so I pulled up my trusty Yelp app to lead me to the best of the best in this crowded market. Dutch Eating Place immediately popped up on my radar. While many people were waxing poetic about their scrapple breakfast, I was just one tiny Asian girl with a mission to compact as much food from as many different stands into my stomach in a limited time, so I had to narrow down my choices to one and the apple dumpling was the winning entree!
Yes, I said entree. It is listed as a dessert but this "dumpling" is not the cute tiny dumplings I am used to seeing back home. This dumpling is bigger than my big, round, moon face. When I ordered, the cashier asked me if I wanted heavy cream or whipped cream on it. I had no idea why anyone would pour heavy cream on top of a pastry so I went with the whipped cream. It came out hot and steamy in a styrofoam container. I opened it up and it literally looked like one half of a whipped cream bikini...it was that big y'all.
I thanked the Lord for my opportunity to join the Apple Dumpling Gang and dug in. Turns out an apple dumpling consists of one whole cinnamon apple baked into a giant crust. It was delicious! But way too much for one person to consume. I took three more bites and to the trash it went. 
Totally worth the $3 or so, but please for heaven's sake...BRING A FRIEND...MAYBE THREE.  This dumpling is not for the faint hearted.Good, but not great food. Bland but usually large portions. Don't waste your time on the cheesesteak. The dessert is great,  though.  The apple turnover was delicious. The price was low and definitely right for the taste.Those little Apple Turnovers are like little Angels covered in Whipped Cream. I couldn't help stuffing my face.I've always loved Reading Terminal Market but I'm never really there at breakfast. This time, I was staying across the street, so what the hell.
This place is awesome, when I say these are the best blueberry pancakes I've ever had, I mean it. Unless you are Paul Bunyon don't order 3! I made the mistake, I didn't even come close to polishing them off. I also got a side of scrapple, which you can't get in north Jersey that much, which is why I love coming home. That too was delicious. But seriously, when the server asked if I wanted 2 I should have listened, but they were falling off the side of the plate. 
The server was super sweet. There isn't much counter space so either get there early or wait awkwardly in the back for someone to get up. The reason it gets 4 stars and not 5, is one pancake was actually slightly under cooked with some raw batter, it didn't matter because there was plenty more cooked pancakes. Also, you can pay with a card but I couldn't leave a tip on it, glad I had cash.
Overall, a great breakfast spot and cheap, I spent 12 bucks for pancakes, coffee, scrapple and tip.Fantastic breakfast and great prices! Fast and friendly service. Ordered a breakfast sandwich on kaiser roll, one of the best I've ever hadHands down best breakfast joint in town. Been here three times since 2015, tried their Thursday specials. Blueberry pancakes are enormous, the apple cinnamon french toast good, turkey bacon were fresh, and the turkey bacon egg and cheese on a bagel is divine. The butter and the jam are the must-haves! Most of all, the genuine smiles and hospitality of the Armish were welcoming. 
They are fast and fresh. I ordered my apple cinnamon french toast at 8:02, was served at 8:06, and outta door by 8:16! II agree that the scrambled eggs are overdone and not the best thing on the menu. But the toast is great with lovely butter, and the sausage is superb. Ditto the coffee and half and half. I would have loved to try one blueberry pancake, and now I know that is possible. Yay! Mostly this breakfast venue illustrates how nice an eating experience can be with people who take pride in smiles and good food and being friendly. I love the waitstaff and gladly forgive any minor flaws in the food. Next time, blueberry pancakes! 
  Oh--and cops love this place. That should be a big clue. One across from us was eating a turkey sandwich with skinny French fries and I swear I would have loved to reach over and see how those fries tasted. They looked amazing. All the cops paid, btw. So Philly cops are great!It was like one of those dreams -- the ones where you show up to a very public place or event naked, but with pancakes.
Let me explain. I went to Dutch Eating Place this morning, purchased the finest pancakes ever made available to me, and then I walked away without maple syrup and back to my hotel room. By the time I realized what I had done, I was too far away in the misty rain blanketing the city and too ashamed at my oversight to go back. 
There I was in my hotel room, pancakes naked of their traditional covering save for a small pool of butter, and still, still they were delicious. Nevermind the egg over easy and sausage which were both also amazing; these pancakes are the real deal.
Do I wish syrup was invited to the party? Sure. I believe anything can be made better with the addition of some maple syrup (except foods that already have some other sauce -- and even then you can make some cases), but I am glad that I didn't go the other route and defile these pancakes with anything but the best syrup possible, which is undoubtedly what was in those containers to my left at the register.Love this joint. Homemade, food from scratch.
Prices are cheap, food is great. Its comfort food at its best. Big Turkey dinners, Huge sandwiches and great breakfasts.
Gets crowded at lunchtime, so get there early. Its a giant lunch/breakfast counter, no tables. First come, first serve. Most ppl will move down a spot to help you fit your party. The more of you there are, the harder it will be to get seats together, the only downside. 
Its in the Dutch, Amish area of the Reading Terminal Market. Think its only open Wed-Sunday. (Check RTM website). 
The selection if great, their Apple Fritters are great. Go hungry.This is a MUST Eat Place!!
Sure there a lot of people and noise. But they will welcome you up to the counter and make you feel at home. You have to try the chicken pot pie. It felt like it was made just for you. It a hard place to find in the market but you should seek this place out. You will find yourself wanting to come back for more.Delish homemade comfort style food. The chicken pot pie was wonderful as was the apple dumpling.I was visiting Philly and looking for a place for breakfast that wasn't a chain, and I found the DEP here on Yelp.  It was only about half a mile from my hotel so I walked there.
I was a little confused upon arriving, because I hadn't realized it was inside the Reading Terminal Market ... I had been expecting a stand-alone restaurant with an entrance from the street, but you have to go into the Market and wander around a little bit to find it.
The seating arrangement is all counter-facing stools, and when I got there at 9a.m. it was about 80% full.  The server was a young, shy Amish girl, behind the counter, who took my order politely and proficiently.
I got a short stack of pancakes and two scrambled eggs; my order arrived within five minutes of placing it.  The pancakes were good - not too heavy, and with a generous portion of soft butter for smearing both of them.  That's a big plus in my world, because pancakes need saturating with butter, and hard, cold butter is not good for that purpose.  Everything else was fine.  The coffee is a little weak, but it's what I expect from diner fare, and not at all disappointing.  The whole meal cost me less than $8, and I think it was a bargain.
While I didn't talk with my neighbors, I did overhear a number of conversations and could tell the place was a good mix of regulars and not-so-regulars.  It was a pleasant atmosphere, and it was fun to wander through the market afterward to walk off some of my breakfast.
If you're not looking for some avant garde, free-range, gluten free "experience, I say you should check it out.Strategy for a meal here:
1. Stand in long line and wait or tiny bar stool spot. 
2. Get an order of Corned beef hash with pancakes, eggs, and the required apple dumplings
3. Devour and try to move yourself from the seat. Sudden movements not recommended due to delightful fullness from delicious food. 
4. Eat expediently to make room for the line. 
5. Repeat again next week after you give your arteries some time to recover.Great breakfast spot in Reading Terminal Market. Space is limited, so seating large parties can be a bit of a challenge. The food was great; I ordered the blueberry pancake special which was delicious. Each was about the size of my plate and fluffy, with a generous amount of blueberries. Service is very quick, and they do try to turn tables quickly, so if you're looking for a leisurely meal, look elsewhere. Great value!You have to try the apple dumpling. It's really amazing. It's nice and warm with a crunchy, flaky crust. The syrup filling has a great cinnamon flavor and the inside also has an entire baked apple. It's so soft with almost a bread pudding like consistency. Make sure to get it with the cream on top it's so delicious!I went for lunch (the line at Di'nics was too long) so apparently I missed what this place is known for, breakfast.
We sat down and were handed a menu which clearly had not been wiped or cleaned in god knows how long.  Ok, small strike, but as an FPP, you make mental notes and as was expected, one thing leads to another.
We both ordered the turkey and mashed over stuffing.  I'm thinking "yeah, thanksgiving, this should be good!".  It wasn't.  Cold, canned gravy over turkey and some sort of bread from last week.  It wasn't expensive so I didn't put up a stink I just ate it quickly planning to wash it down with LaColombe and Termini Brothers.  Then, it happened.  I watched the waitress, who doubled as a busser, not washing her hands between trips already, take a tissue, blow her nose into it and throw it out.  Sounds normal right?  She proceeded to go to the hand sink, birdbath water onto her hands and dry them on her apron...
Trying hard to keep my food down now as things like these are not isolated, I requested a check and suited up to leave.
Someone who wore no gloves for the entire service through food, bussing, waste removal and such just showed me a level of cross-contamination that would have scared a prison inmate.  You can keep your breakfast and it's down home appeal, my second star for this place was not calling the city health inspector.
-JUnlike what Brian S.'s deluge of photos might suggest, the Dutch Eating Place does, in fact, offer more than simply pancakes and turkey bacon. So very, very much more. Nestled in the heart of Reading Terminal Market, I couldn't think of a better option for an impromptu weekday brunch than this counter. Sure, on weekends the line can get so long you wonder if there's gold in them-there pancakes. And while my partner-in-dine went for a more sweet route featuring french toast (and bacon. so, so much bacon) I opted for eggs, buttered rye toast, and the plumpest, juiciest sausage links I've possibly ever tasted. 
The other thing about this joint.... wow, talk about bang for your buck. Easily an unsung hero for filling your belly on a budget. 
If you're able to beat (or tolerate) the lines, grab a spot at the counter and unbuckle your belt a notch or two. You're in for a treat.Seriously good breakfast options. Pancakes are so big I couldn't finish the small stack, and Im a huge eater. Scrapple is greasy but incredibly good, although, definitely not something I could eat every day. Get there early, seats are full within 1-2 minutes of market opening.Heard about this diner on a TV show and decided to give it a try for breakfast. Ordered the mushroom omelet, scrappel and rye toast. Everything was cooked perfect and was delicious. Service was excellent, prompt and friendly. Coffee was hot and delicious everything you expect in a great diner. They opened at 8 and I can truly understand why there was a line waiting for a seat by 8:15.My family and I had breakfast here on our trip to Philly. The service was great. The food arrived fast. I enjoyed my simple sliced Turkey with mash and gravy. I also shared some scrapple with my husband. It had a great taste and crunch. Also the turkey bacon my husband had was of excellent quality.First time in Phillie and decided to go here for breakfast. The line was long but the wait wasn't too bad since they move pretty quickly. Tried the regular short stack pancakes and they were delicious. Side of bacon was crispy and had plenty of elices which is always a good thing. All in all I would recommend to anyone looking for a good breakfast in the Market area.Phenomenal fresh-squeezed orange juice, the best I've had in the city. 
I opted for simple and ordered two over-easy eggs (fresh!), sausage (a peppery and deliciously spiced link), with wheat toast (comes pre-buttered - get the butter on the side if you want to manage quantity or evenness of distribution). I also got a side of potatoes that were cooked to a soft perfection (not for those who require a little potato crunch). 
My only wish is that you felt less rushed to turn over your spot to the next patron and that there were bag hooks under the bar so you wouldn't have to choose between the floor and clutching your purse to your lap.I only tried the Apple dumplings, so this review is for the apple dumplings mostly.
The apple dumplings tasted great! It was basically a hot apple pie, with apple gravy all over it, topped with an whipped cream. 
Definitely more tasty and more interesting to eat than a regular apple pie. The hot apple grave ate into the soft dough making the dough taste wonderful (and soggy in a good way) !
You could grab one togo if you were short on time (like myself) on your visit to Philadelphia.
It was only $3.5 for a decent sized apple dumplings. Loved it!
Also the cashiers and servers wore Dutch clothing, so it was fun to watch.this is one of the few places around the area (that i know of anyway) that has good ol' apple dumplings made the way i get them back home. :)Ordered bacon, egg and cheese sandwich with potatoes and onions.  Absolutely amazing and the homemade Strawberry jam was out of this world!  #TREAT YO SELFImbedded in the Philly train station market, this place has great breakfast. Most are big caloric options, but taste wise are a great treat. Service is personal and speedy but you may have to wait some  time to get seated, specially on peak hours. Orange juice is fresh squeezed. The only thing I didn't like was its coffee, this is why its not a 5 star for meWhat a treat to stumble upon. I was in town for a conference and went to the Reading Terminal because I knew they would have a number of options for meals. The food was really good! Great prices, a no frills setup and quick service. Will definitely come back if I'm in town again!Wow.  Was in downtown Philly less than 4 hours and 3 people said this was THE place for breakfast. Did not disappoint!Worth the wait! Outstanding food, great service and quick to turn seats. Definitely recommended. Be prepared to split up if you have more than 2 in your group so it goes faster. Highly recommendThe food is very inexpensive ($14 for two large meals) and delicious. I got a sausage egg & cheese sandwich and my wife got a mushroom & cheese omelette with toast and home fries. I don't know what they're doing with the mushrooms but they were the best I've ever had. The breakfast sandwich was enormous and the sausage tasted great.Pancakes were delicious but very thick.  Order the full stack at your own peril.  Coffee was average.  Service was phenomenal.  Great for kids.We stopped by for lunch as we like to try a different place each visit. I had the chicken pot pie and my wife had the hot turkey platter platter; both were excellent. The chicken pot pie came with Amish noddles which were a nice touch; the only complaint with the dish is there was not a lot of chicken. The turkey platter was phenomenal and the portion was huge. My wife was Bly able to eat about half so I gladly finished it off. Defiantly will be back.This place is SO GOOD! It's been almost three months since I was last here, but tonight I was as usual having food cravings and I had to dig in my phone for pictures from this place (attached). The wait is short, line moves fast, you sit by the bar tables. The servers are all super sweet and friendly, and the food is incredible- plentiful, fresh, and so yummy! I've been here for breakfast and lunch. Had the tuna melt couple of times and they stuff the sandwiches with tuna. Anyway, just come here to eat. It's so good and cheap. I love it here.Chicken pot pie seemed more like chicken noodle soup with super delicious egg niodles. But who cares?! It was hearty tasty dish regardless :) we are very pleased with our dining experience.I love the Amish and boy do they make a great breakfast!
On a Saturday morning Dutch Eating Place was busy. There were lines to sit down and lines to get food "to go." While waiting for our food, I watched the guy making the gigantic blueberry pancakes - yum! 
Things moved quickly because workers were busting a move (they're the Amish! They can build a house in like a day!). The Western omelette was delicious--you could really taste the fresh ingredients. Hashbrowns and toast (with real butter) were a nice compliment to the omelette. I would have loved to come here on Sunday, too, but they were closed. 
Located in the lovely Reading Terminal Market.Came here on a Saturday to get the Hot apple dumpling but they were out, so I got the grilled sticky bun with raisins which was delicious. The items on their menu looked yummy, I would like to try their turkey sandwich some time. I will be back!I give it 5 stars because we do not have Amish food in NYC! It is rare and home made! I usually get an apple dumpling but it was too hot and I usually get pancakes but I was not in the mood and ended up getting home made chicken pot pie! My husband had Pork and Sauerkraut and a guest (who always finds something to complain about no matter what) got Philly Cheese steak. He did not like his but we liked ours! I thought maybe they were Mennonite but no they are really Amish! Service is always pleasant too!You can't beat how fresh the food is here. The chicken is good, apple dumplings good, cinnamon rolls good, even the juice is good! Finding a seat is hard so just grab your food to go and sit at one of the tables set up in the middle of the market and enjoy!Great Rueben, good fries. The fresh brewed iced tea was very nice too. Service was fast and friendly. My whole lunch was under $9. What else can I say? This place is well worth visiting.This was one of the first places I came to once I walked inside of the market. The line was a little lengthy but it moved fast. The specials of the day (07/18/18) were clearly posted so making my choice of the Grilled Rueben was easy. 
They ask you if you want it for here or to go - they have a small little counter section for you eat here. I said to go since this was my first time at the market and I didn't know what the hell I was doing. It took a while for them to call my number then I had to wait a little longer for my lemonade much to other customers dismay since I was in their way. But hey not my fault. 
I got my food and went to go look for a seat in the markets general dining area. Ummm that was a damn adventure and people acted like they didn't want you at their table. Anyway I found a seat and ate. The first half of the sandwich was excellent. Perfectly grilled buttery Rye bread and flavorful corned beef with not too much fat. The second half of my sandwich was soaking wet at the bottom. So I really didn't eat it. Even though I really didn't need it since the first half was truly fulling. The fried were ok - fresh cut skinny shoestring fries. Lemonade was cool. Nothing fancy. 
I would come again and try something else. Maybe a fresh hot apple dumpling or something.4.5 stars.. downgraded because of the wait/cramped barstool seating which can make enjoying these delightful items a little more awkward. 
I love breakfast food! yum..
The apple dumpling is AMAZING!!The breakfast food is absolutey delicious! The waitress was sweet as pie! And the hot apple dumpling is oh so worth the pilgrimage!What's not to like...everything here is good. Personal favorites is the open faced turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes. Get the apple dumpling. Breakfast is to die for....loved this place the first time I went, and continue to love it now. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Go here for breakfast and get the blueberry pancakes or French toast. Both are accompanied by a large slab of a sweet yet salty butter. Super crowded but our food came out super quick. Next time I'm in Philly I'm skipping the liberty bell and going directly here.Delicious Amish breakfast place located in reading terminal market. We came here during a weekday morning and it was still very crowded. The sit down area was packed so we waited for a while in the take out line. However, after putting our orders in, our food didn't take very long. Service was friendly.  We took our food over to a different sit down area in the market. I had the apple cinnamon french toast which was amazing. The portion wasn't anything huge but it was the perfect size for me. My fianc had the blueberry pancakes which he also really enjoyed and the portion for his was too big to even finish. This place is great quality breakfast at a low price.Can't believe I'm leaving a 3 star rating after hearing only good things about this place for 2 years. I finally got a chance to see what the hype was all about last weekend when I came with a friend for brunch. I ordered an omelette and the blueberry pancakes, and she ordered an egg platter with sausage. First off, my pancakes had not just a "pat" of butter, but an entire half a stick slathered all over it and melting into the container. I could feel my arteries clogging  just looking at it. The pancakes were good, but nothing spectacular, and my omelette was very average. The one thing I will say is that you're probably getting the best bang for your buck because the portions are HUGE. I only ate half my omelette and 3/4 of a pancake, and probably had enough leftovers to last me 2 more meals. I'm glad I tried it, but I'll probably stick to Beiler's for my Amish food fix from here on out :PVery fun to have the "amish" making your food.  I'm a bit skeptical because I did see them using a microwave in the back, and I'm not quite sure the toast I had was made on a farm.  But for the experience it's worth the price, and that apple dumpling was yummy.The food here was great -- definitely comfort food. The portions were big enough to share (but my sister and I always share meals to save calories, I'm sure you could finish the meal yourself if you wanted to). We got the roast beef sandwich and it was smothered in gravy and served with mashed potatoes. We wanted dessert, but were too full. There was seating at the counter and they take cards. We left happy :)Ive been here quite a few times and ive now learned...GET THE CREAM CHIPPED BEEF OVER POTATOES....thats it. Thats their 5 star item. The best ive ever had and i eat it everywhere. Ive tried other things on their menu, let it go. Just follow my advice.There are some days that I rethink my decision to be a Vegetarian!  They are NOT veggie friendly, and I don't think they understand the concept of cholesterol, but I could care less, what I can eat there is absolutely delicious!!
I stop by every week when I do my shopping, and if I'm lucky they'll have either their potato or broccoli soup.  Both are thick and rich, and it's obvious they're completely homemade.  They're only available once in a while though, and when they're not on the menu, I'll just have an apple dumpling and coffee. 
Their prices are extremely reasonable, especially considering where they're located.  The dumpling is about $3, as is the soup, and the portions are huge!
They're extremely friendly, no-nonsense... they just do what they do perfectly! 
They do get extremely packed, with a long line, but it does move fairly quickly.  They have the whole process down to a science, and they never make you feel rushed.  I'd advise to wait in the line, by the time you walk around and try to find something else, they'll have a seat for you!Definitely worth your time & money!  The line to sit at the counter can be long; I recommend getting it to go & sitting at a table.  The apple dumplings are great & the blueberry pancakes are amazing!  Oh yeah! The french toast is definitely worth a try too!  The eggs and turkey bacon were pretty standard, but good!The apple dumplings make a great lunch. Period.We went to the market first thing on a Saturday morning in order to get a seat at the Dutch Eating Place. There's only 20 or so seats at a counter, and it fills up quick; they started letting people in to sit at 7:50, by 8:10 the counter was full. However, it seemed like you could have gotten breakfast to go and then taken it to the seating area, which had plenty of seats open after we finished breakfast to walk around the market. 
Food comes out pretty fast and service is very good. I ordered a short stack of blueberry pancakes which were light, fluffy and buttery. FYI a short stack is 2 pancakes but they are pretty big anyway. I couldn't finish. I also got a side of sausage which was definitely my favorite part of the meal. The Saturday special was a short stack of blueberry pancakes and turkey bacon, but they gave me the special price even though I got the sausage. 
The strawberry jam that is in jars on the counter was the best jam I've ever had. I tried the cream chipped beef over home fries too and really liked that as well. I'm looking forward to coming back!BEST apple dumpling you will find.  Went there based on recommendation from Yelp.  I was going to have it for breakfast, but ended up eating at Tommy Dinic's first.  As early snack, I bought the apple dumpling to-go (heated) and went over to Old City Coffee to eat.  
The dumping was simply AMAZING.  When I first saw it, I thought it would be heavy like Cinnabon (well, it looks like cinnabon).  I was pleasantly surprised that it was light and delicious.  the crust was thin, and the apple were everywhere.  The sweetness comes from the apple was just enough.  If I wasn't going to NYC for a few days before coming home, I would totally buy the larger size to bring home!Mmmmmmmmmm....that should say it all..mmmmmmmm...had my favorite platter for lunch time. The pulled bbq pork sandwich was like always is Amazing. Love the reading terminal market.Came totally excited to try the much acclaimed warm Dutch Apple dumpling, baseball sized, carmel covered yummy ness. Multiple forks in hand, we quickly sat to dig in. First, it was not warmed. Nor crispy. But the pie dough like outer crust was still moderately tasty. But upon digging in to find (or try to find) the inner appley goodness was a disappointment. Inside was a round glob of uncooked dough, nary an apple in sight. We poked and prodded, then threw the $4 mess away. 
It may have won awards years ago but I wouldn't recommend it, at all.I am not Amish, but I am from rural PA, and this food is the stuff of my childhood. Hot sandwiches covered in gravy, mashed 'taters, delicious hearty soups, and DUMPLINGS. Just really good home cookin.'
The service is fast and always super pleasant, the food just reminds me of my grandma. The customers are this place are always varied and diverse. Get a seat at the counter and fill up. You can't beat the prices, either. 
(FYI: These dudes even hung up a Steelers banner during the super bowl.)
I love them. You can't get more unpretentious than this. I mean, come on, they're called "Dutch Eating Place."Cheap breakfast food, huge portions! The omelette was good because of the amount/quality of the ham. The blueberry pancakes were nothing special. Best part was the homemade strawberry jam!They have the best food ever! The Dutch have wonderful food and quality. On Saturdays it can be a little crowded however don't let that deter you it moves fast and their service is awesome.
They always have breakfast specials and their orange juice is the BEST! Their food is spectacular!Random trip to Philly lead me here.  Ordered the pork & egg sandwich and scrapple.  Port and egg sandwich seemed like the standard affair.  Scrapple on the other hand seems like an east coast thing.  Interesting to say the least.  I thoroughly enjoyed the scrapple even though I have no idea what it is.Fun, local flavor. We brought some out of town visitors here and they loved it.A couple of people eating even moved around so we could get  5 bar stools together (all seats are at bar stools), but soon after we arrived, the line started forming. Everything ordered was really good and home-style (butter, butter, butter)-pancakes, hash and even the scrambled eggs were good and the prices fair. Get the apple dumpling!This place is most definitely a 5!  Not only are the flavors authentic, but the price is crazy low. We had apple cinnamon French toast, blueberry pancakes, and two bottomless cups of coffee for $13, and the portion size is large. We had to wait in line to be seated at the counter, but the line moved fast. There is a reason people line up for this place!Wow. I got a blueberry short stack, they were amazing. Large blueberries, obviously fresh--not frozen...excellent pancake batter. Tasted great! Oh, and a big slab of farm butter on top! Soooo soooo good!Each time I visit Reading Terminal Market, I feel like I need a tour guide to the food choices.  There is always a nice small line at this place so I decided to check it out for brunch one afternoon.
Dutch Eating Place has an amazing menu of food that will rock your world.
They have plenty of breakfast choices if you choose, or if you are looking for more of a lunch type meal they have that too.
I had the "Thanksgiving Plate" type meal... Something about roast turkey if I remember correctly.  It was essentially an open faced turkey sandwich with crandberry on the side and on two pieces of bread served next to mashed potatoes.
I was a little disappointed that the cranberry was in a small plastic container and I didn't actually open it, I was looking for cranberry sauce like American Thanksgiving.... No can do. Oh well.
The turkey was delicious, cooked perfectly with delish gravy. I didn't love the mashed potatoes...they were a little runney for me, but they tasted just fine.
The fresh squeezed OJ also was amazing. Don't miss the chance to enjoy the freshness....
Excellent choice for lunch in Reading Terminal Market! Come back ya'll ya hear?I recommend the ham loaf it's seasoned with love and served with a side of nostalgia.I had such a hard time deciding if I wanted something savory or sweet at reading terminal market, but I had heard about all the media surrounding Dutch Eating Place's apple dumplings so I decided on dessert for lunch.
Even without the cream, the apple dumpling itself was SO good. It's hearty and not overly sweet - and eating an apple day keeps the doctor away right? Psychologically, it felt like I was eating something some what healthy...although it's probably quite the opposite ;)Ordered the baked apple dessert and thought it was just awful.  Had it warmed since that was supposed to be preferred, but the dough was almost raw and overall it was just to sweet and mushy.  Not my thing!I headed here based on Yelp reviews for breakfast, intending to try scrapple for the first time. Unfortunately I'd just missed the breakfast menu cutoff time. If my rating was strictly limited to the turkey melt and fries I ended up with and enjoyed tremendously, I'd probably be writing a 5-star review. The portion was ample and well-prepared with quality ingredients, served up by friendly staff. I couldn't even finish it, despite my normally voracious appetite.
What leads me to write a three-star review, however, was for the disappointing famous apple dumpling. While the apple was cooked perfectly, the dough was underbaked, creating an unpleasant buttery, sugary goop. You're offered a choice of heavy cream or whipped cream upon ordering - I chose whipped, though heavy cream probably would have been a better choice for the foam container in which the dumpling is served. I imagine it would have been really awesome had it been the flaky, buttery ball of glory it was intended and hyped up to be.
Despite this, I'd absolutely return. The sandwiches and fries are absolutely splittable between two people and I imagine my dumpling was just a one-off.Very friendly, reasonably priced, and very good.  My first time trying scrapple!3.50 apple dumpling. Easy to get it to go. Imagine an apple pie except with a crust encircling the apple. Definitely worth prioritizing among the stalls of Reading terminal market.If you are looking for a hearty breakfast look no further! My boyfriend and I LOVE coming here. My go to are the blueberry pancakes with turkey bacon. The pancakes are HUGE and filled with blueberries. Their turkey bacon is also delicious and I didn't realize how long I had been living life without it ;). I also love love love their rye bread with the super delish homemade strawberry jam. My bf has tried several different meals including the cheese burger and fries as well as western omelette, all of which he has loved. The staff is very efficient and sweet. To top off this review, not only are the meals super tasty and quite filling, their prices are also super reasonable. I recommend getting there early on a Saturday morning as the lines can get pretty long especially with the ever so delicious Beilers nearby :)Hot apple dumpling is as good as it sounds...
Wish I was hungrier, everyone's breakfast around me looks outstanding. Giant plates of food for a really modest priceIf you are in the Philly area, you need to get yourself here! After reading many helpful reviews on yelp, the MIster and I made sure to wake up super early, and come by to grab a bite. 
We were greeted by a bright smile and asked if we wanted coffee. We ordered a plate of hot cakes, eggs with bacon and potatoes. The Mister got himself a fresh cup of orange juice with that. 
This isn't a place where you will be seated in your own little table or booth! Your basically being served on the counter and YES!- strangers will be sitting with you. Just relax and enjoy your meal! It's a lot of food, fresh, and CHEAP!We had breakfast here every day and it was wonderful! (of course they were closed on Sunday...and Monday)... Great food; good prices; great service; friendly people behind the counter and sitting there with us!5 stars for the apple dumpling, 4 stars for the entree my bf ordered. 
I only tried a few bites of my bf's turkey topped with gravy and a side of mashed potatoes. This is definitely comfort food as it warmed me right up, but it was also a really dense and rich meal. I definitely could not have eaten more than a quarter of this plate. 
I ordered the apple dumpling for a dessert. You are given the choice of whipped cream or heavy cream as a topping. Being the indecisive one that I am, the girl at the cashier suggested both. Why have one when you can have two? The apple dumpling was served warm. Again, with that comfort food thing. Oddly enough I don't like eating apples (something about the texture), but I like apple flavored things or baked apple goods. How does one explain the apple dumpling? It's like an apple pie because you have baked apple chunks and filling inside a crust. But it unduly surpasses the goodness of a pie that it gets to be called a dumpling. I didn't really understand the heavy cream, but then I started dipping large chunks of apple dumpling into the heavy cream. Think warm cookies dipped into milk. 
This is definitely one of those "must try" places in the reading terminal market. They are closed on Sunday and Monday, so plan accordingly! Come here so you can be transported to a fabulous Dutch diner.Right now I am bumming through life as a bike messenger so my hang out spot is the Reading Terminal Market. I look forward to the most delicious breakfast I will have all week on Wednesdays. I don't variate too much and stick with the apple french toast with turkey bacon. Skip the coffee, its weak get a cup from old city coffee around the corner first, and get the fresh squeezed oj. No breakfast place in the city comes close to it. 
The service is always prompt and polite especially on weekdays. On Saturdays there is typically a wait and they are not open on Sundays. I occasionally stop by for lunch but haven't dove too far into the menu. I try to leave room for one of the delicious apple dumplings though. You can smell them from a mile away!Oh man, this place was great. Pretty much everything in the Reading Terminal is great but I like that there's seating at the Dutch Eating Place. And a proper line up - no mad scramble to find the next available seat. I can't believe they give you sooooo much food: we got the open face turkey sandwich smothered in gravy and the ham loaf with real mashed potatoes. With fresh orange juice. Both meals together were around $20. The breakfast options looked delicious as well - I would go back for those huge fluffy pancakes any day.More like 4.5, but i'll give it to them! Ordered the creamed beef with home fries, blueberry pancakes, turkey bacon, and everything was soooo good. Turkey bacon and home fries are some of the best i've ever had! 
Also got the apple dumpling simply because everyone on here was raving about it... and everyone here is SO RIGHT! I normally don't even like apple pies, but this thing is a cup of perfected crust and apples. I didn't even care that it was only 830 AM and I already ate my calories worth for the day. 
Beware though - they don't serve breakfast Sunday-TuesdaysWe thought we were getting true Amish breakfast...we were not getting good they would personally eat! The eggs tasted fresh farm eggs, but their bacon, bread and pancake syrup (the cheap stuff) were what you can buy at any major grocery chain. I should have known by their cheap prices since other Amish stands sold authentic foods (jam, honey, maple syrup, etc.) for more than what we paid for breakfast. They place is usually packed but probably for the cheap prices. Not impressed! They had friendly services...that was the only highlight.Warning - if you eat here you'll end up smelling like food.
But then again, that's not a bad thing .. and it's definitely worth your while here.
The breakfast options are awesome.  It's no secret why the lines get long and you'll end up waiting for quite some time if you want to grab a booth at this Amish eatery.  The eggs are fab and you can never go wrong with any of the traditional breakfast options here.
But the real star for me is the apple dumpling.  When its served piping hot and you load up on the heavy cream (no pun intended) - it's total bliss.  If you don't have the time or patience to wait for a seat, make sure to at the very least get the apple dumpling to go.  You'll be glad you did.
If there's one place worth eating at in Reading Market ... it's definitely this place.I wanted to see if this place would measure up to all the positive reviews on Yelp... Verdict is, YES!  
Expect to stand in line for some time as it is extremely popular (I waited ~ 10 minutes for a vacant seat to present itself). The service is great and the quality of the food is excellent!  I ordered eggs with turkey bacon (the best I've ever tasted) and the apple French toast.
I would definitely revisit if eating by myself or with one other. Parties greater than 2 or more likely must wait much longer to be seated together.This place is super busy but the wait for your food is not very long at all. I'd recommend the Apple Cinnamon French toast and maybe pass on the hash browns.I've never had an apple dumpling before. Best believe I'll be returning to D.E.P. for more!  Easily one of the best apple desserts I've ever tasted. 
Perfect apples... not too hard, just the perfect amount of sweetness and heated to perfection, topped off w/ a mound of whipped cream. Heavenly!Great service, huge portions and, eggs are so fresh! What a difference in their eggs! Highly recommend !Delicious!!!!!!! Maxing food and amazing service the apple French toast are supper the bacon and eggs out of this worldThe hot apple dumpling with heavy cream is the best sweet breakfast around. Absolutely delicious. Wish I was in town longer to try more of the menu, but they get five stars for the dumpling alone.We had the Apple dumpling and it was yummy. The dough has an appealing texture and the apple is cooked to perfection. The service was also nice, we were greeted with a genuine smile that is always appreciated :)I never leave town without returning promptly to the sensibility of a "home cooked" meal with my Mennonite friends here in the Reading Terminal Market.  I  find that  I really miss the entire experience of having "Junior" ( one of the older gentlemen hosting the venue) sit you down and ensuring you get prompt no nonsense service.  I have found that if you want to chat a bit with your hosts, it is a bit hard because the place is very busy.  But the service is nonetheless polite.  All ages of the Amish family are seen at various times helping out and I love it!  Everyone plays a role in the delivery of the finest scrapple anywhere in town, freshes eggs, most blueberry filled pancakes, and best sweetly squeezed grapefruit juice!  I do not even want to mention the apple dumplings that I seem to never have room for but always take away with me!  This place is my comfort food jaunt.  If I worked in town, I would be here weekly sitting at the counter for something!  I actually relish having jury duty because I will be in proximate to be able to get there for lunch!  Their fresh turkey sandwich is spectacular and generous even if the bread is not freshly baked ( my fellow critc observes).  Honestly folks, for price, quality of food, and general unique Philly experiences...you must stop by and tell Junior, I sent you!  Ask about all the work that they are doing to help out down south with post hurricane relief.  They have been giving free labour to the folks in Mississippi and Louisiana!   If you are looking for a more high-handed experience, this is not for you.  You should instead get a secretly placed order to go to eat in the privacy of your own fabulous kitchen!This is most popular eatery in the whole Reading Terminal Market. If you didn't know already, many Amish people work here and they basically run the Dutch Eating Place! They are very kind here (or just have really good customer service skills) and they work quickly. I guess they need to work quickly though because there's always a huge line of hungry people wanting a seat. My friends and I (party of 3) waited a solid 20 minutes.
If I were you, I would just get some basic breakfast. I got the Homemade Chicken Pot Pie which apparently they're known for, but it wasn't that good/unique. It honestly tasted like Campbell's Chicken Noodle soup (not a bad thing). Otherwise, the basic dishes my friends got were super tasty. The eggs were delicious!
I may be back again someday if there's not a long line! I'm not sure if this place is good enough to wait more then 10-15 minutes!Located in the Reading Market Terminal, this place has an amazing breakfast! All seating is at the counter top, and the prices are great for the amount of food you get ($6.95 for pancakes and bacon!). My sister ordered the egg combo plate and it was huge. I recommend the strawberry pancakes-fluffy, not too buttery, and filled with strawberries. Also, make sure to try the homemade strawberry jam on your toast. Service was quick and we were seated promptly.This hearty endorsement is for breakfast only.*
The mega-buttered blueberry pancakes may be my favorite thing to eat in all of Philadelphia. I love the griddled taste of course, but the texture of the pancakes what really sets them apart -- they are just rapturously good. If you get the breakfast special combo, they throw in two more things that everybody loves: bacon and coffee -- all for just a few bucks. I have to say that their bacon is a little strange, but still tasty (it is still bacon, after all).
Don't get discouraged by the lines; whether you want to sit at the counter or grab something from the takeout line, they keep things moving pretty quickly. 
They are closed on Sundays and also on some weekdays and they stop serving breakfast after a certain time (not sure exactly when). 
*I was a little too late for breakfast one day and so, thinking that the lunches would be of similar quality to their breakfasts, I gave them a try. Sadly, the lunches are pretty ho-hum. So I would consider Dutch Eating Place to be a "breakfast only" kind of joint, and am treating it as such for the purposes of this review.This place has amazing food!  If you're in Philly and you are hungry, head into the Reading Terminal Market and take a seat at the counter and place your order. If you're having breakfast, order the grits - they are so creamy!
Another favorite is the Lemonade - very refreshing (no free refills )Awesome belly up to the breakfast bar locale inside of a good market. Excellent service. Great prices for downtown.Do you like greasy breakfast?  Do you love turkey sausage or bacon, eggs, and home fries?  How about blueberry buckwheat pancakes?  Apple dumplings?  If you said yes to any or all of these questions, then the Dutch Eating Place is perfect for you!  Breakfast and take home apple dumplings are amazing!  Two summers ago, my partner was addicted to the apple dumplings, and it seemed like our fridge always had a 4 pack of dumplings!  They're like little doughy pillows of heaven!First trip coming to Philadelphia. Wanted to get breakfast and I heard this place was the best to eat. It is located in a big warehouse with a bunch of other restaurants. They have a dine in feature or to go.  We chose to go and it was ready within 10 min. We got 4 omelettes which came with toast. Spent $42 in total with 2 orange juices and 2 coffees. Not bad. It was very filling and It was pretty good.I found it. So many reviews, what can I add other than you need to get in line and wait for the round bar stool to get the full experience. Order in waves or those waiting will stare you down hard. Ignore them and keep eating. Blueberry pancakes and bacon and coffee...BEST COMFORT FOOD EVER!!!
If you like traditional Pennsylvania Dutch comfort food a la Lancaster County this is your place. 
Wide menu of breakfast and lunch items traditional to the area prepared and served by Amish folks who travel in every day. Prices are cheap and the service is fast. 
I had the chicken and waffles which are completely decadent. This is NOT southern chicken as waffles. It's roasted chicken off the bone served over a waffle and slathered in chicken gravy. Pure heart attack on a plate and worth every bite. 
Apple turnover dessert is also killer. 
Every time I am in Philly is come here for a meal and then spend a week exercising it off. Worth every last second of the effort.apple cin frenchtoast rocks, strawberry pancakes are delicious, turkey sausage is the best, and the turkey burgers are scrumptious.. fast service, large portions.  prices have gone up a bit in the recent past, but well worth it if you ask me.. love them, mean it !!Had planned ahead of time to eat here when we visited the Reading Terminal Market on our schools weekend trip but this was a huge letdown.
The sandwiches and fries on the photos on yelp looked delicious but when I received my order and sat down to eat, the food looked like a toddler had put it together.
Fries I received were all broken pieces, not even the length of my thumb and very, very, very soggy.
Sandwich was the tuna melt which also looked randomly thrown together and I couldn't even eat the sandwich due to how messy it was. The sandwich just fell apart every time I picked it up.
The kitchen looked extremely messy as well (Maybe an off day since it looks ''nice'' in other photos)
Bummer :(10 Hints for Enjoying the Dutch Eating Place:
1. Go for breakfast. 
2. Get there early because it WILL be crowded. Especially if there is a convention in town or even worse if it's during the Auto Show or the Flower Show. The market opens at 8 AM so you want to be in line waiting to get in.
3. Don't go on a Sunday, a Monday, on December 26th (an Amish holiday), or any other holiday when the Reading Terminal Market is closed because the Dutch Eating Place is closed and you will go hungry.
4. Sit at the counter. Is there a line? Be patient because it moves quickly. Don't do takeout because you don't want to eat on styrofoam with plastic utensils.
5. Order the pancakes. Trust me. I eat them  on a weekly basis. They are generally massive and fluffy. They come in regular or blueberry but sometimes they have special ones like strawberry, chocolate chip, banana, or pumpkin ones. Just ask your pleasant Amish server. All of the pancakes are very good. Hint: you may want to order them "dry" if you are averse to having them served with a large pat of Amish butter on them. You can order the butter on the side and it will be served in a separate container.
6. Order a side dish like bacon (order it crispy) or turkey bacon (if you are feeling healthful and are trying to counteract what you will do to your body eating the pancakes. The home fries are good too and they have two types of sausage you can order. From out of town? Order the scrapple. What is it? Don't ask...just enjoy. it. You can eat it with ketchup or syrup. 
7. Dig in!
8. Still hungry? No way? (see #9)
9. Did I mention that the apple dumplings are really good here too?
10. Enjoy! Just don't step on a scale for a few days!As part of my carb load day for the Philly marathon (I know, I'm behind on reviews), I decided to grab a rare open seat at Dutch Eating Place. "One hot apple dumpling, please," said the hungry soon-to-be-marathoner, "light on the whip". It was an amazing combination of pastry, sugar, fruit, and probably crack. The dumpling hit the spot, I paid my tab, and my seat was taken as soon as I stood up. Highly recommended dessert, snack, entree, or any meal!One of the spots we really wanted to visit while our trip to Philadelphia was Reading Terminal Market. It is kind of like Chelsea Market in NYC, but bigger and wider. We decided to get a breakfast at Dutch Eating Place. They offer Pennsylvania Dutch fare, all made from scratch.
When we got there, there was a line formed in front of the cashier counter already. But then, we realized we were in line for a take out spot. Their seating area is located to the left side of the main cashier counter. Good thing we spotted before too long!
They only have counter seats, and it can get a bit tight when it is full. The staffs here are dressed in the traditional Pennsylvania Dutch attire, which was fun.
We were there before their lunch menu starts at 11am, so we were limited to their breakfast menu. We ordered Apple Cinnamon French Toast Special and Breakfast B.L.T.. The Apple cinnamon French Toast was really nice and fluffy, but didn't have much apple flavor. Very filling, comforting and satisfying. The Breakfast B.L.T. was nice and big, enough to share unless you are super hungry. Crazy amount of ingredients packed between the toasts, eggs and bacon were coming out everywhere, awesome! They were both very tasty. 
This spot takes cash AND credit card, which was helpful. The one thing is that they run the credit card once you give them the card, so if you want to pay for the tip with credit card, you need to tell the server how much tips to add onto it before you hand them the card. The service was friendly and efficient. We really enjoyed our experience here.Super leckere Pancakes, sehr empfehlenswert! French Toast war auch top. Auch die anderen Speisen sahen lecker aus. Sehr groe Portionen und sehr aufmerksame Bedienung.Came early (8AM) on a Saturday morning, right when the market opened.
The market was pretty empty, except this place, which already had every barstool filled up with patrons.
I got the blueberry pancakes and turkey bacon, which came with coffee, and an apple dumpling. Pancakes were burned, but the parts that weren't were very good. Turkey bacon was fine.
The apple dumpling that everyone raves about earns its praise in the smell, but the flavor wasn't so great. I had asked for it to be heated but it wasn't. Poured the heavy cream over it, and dug in.. only to find the pie crust was underbaked. I ate most of it anyway, because I'm not one to throw out a $3 apple, but I didn't think it was as divine as everyone claims.cheap and fast and an average breakfast...honey still rules in my book but the apple/cinnamon french toast and pancakes are decent ... it is  hit and miss with the lunch ..pot pie seems to be their claim to fame its K ... and the burger/fries is good  but their turkey special was disgusting... first of all why would a "homestyle"  eatery  use canned cranberry sauce and wonder bread (also cheeze wiz on sub par chili dog too)?.... but worst of all was their white gravy- it  tasted like cornstarch mixed w/ flour and water and looked like that gooey stuff that covers a newborn baby..
i also have a theory that  fake amish work here...just a hunch i have no proof but you heard it here first. What gives them an extra star is their apple dumplings, which is a ball of sugary happiness.Great for breakfast. Excellent friendly service. Blueberry pancakes and apple cinnamon French toast were good. Home fries excellent.Came here for breakfast mid-week at around 8:30am and didn't have to wait for a seat. It's in Reading Market (right near the entry door at Arch and 12th). I loved it. Sit at the counter and the Amish ladies wait on you quickly. Service was fantastic and the food came out fast.  Blueberry pancake are enormous. Get a plate with bacon for like $7. My two eggs with scrapple and toast (and a tea) was only $7.50! I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could.I have been here dozens of times over the years. The Dutch Eating Place is situated in the far end of the Reading Terminal by Arch street, right next to an Amish bakery. They really do have some of the best breakfast plates around and it's cheap too! The place is basically a diner with diner style bar seats. The place can get really packed on a weekend, so I would recommend getting a to go order if you don't feel like waiting and sit anywhere else in the terminal. 
Anyway, on to the food. In general, the food is really good and comes out piping hot. My favorite are the pancakes and apple turnover dumplings. Pancakes are always super fluffy. I'm not a scrapple person, but I do hear that they have some of the best in the city. 
I do have a few criticisms about the place though. I'm not sure how they do it, but I have never had coffee that hot in my life. Even when you add milk, by the time it cools down, you are pretty much done your meal. The waitstaff is also a bit pushy sometimes and don't always give you enough time to think what you want to order.Great spot inside the Reading Terminal Market.  The people are super nice despite how busy they are and the setting makes you feel right at home.  I had an omelette and it was tasty and not super oily.  The people next to me had some sort of blueberry pancake or something and they were raving out it.  If you are in the area and want a good b'fast for not that much money, check it out.The best breakfast in the city, and hands down the cheapest. Their breakfast sandwiches are huge, the roll was delicious and they toasted it on the grill which I always appreciate. Their cream chipped beef is gigantic, get it served over their home fries which are made with onion and seasoned perfectly. You can get an incredible breakfast for under 6 dollars a person, which is unheard of in Philadelphia. Service is friendly, and you can make new friends sitting at the counter. Get the apple dumpling, whatever you do. It comes out warm and covered in some delicious cinnamon caramel type sauce with a mountain of whipped cream. I love this place.I really wanted to eat breakfast at Dutch Eating Place before I left Philadelphia. Their hot apple dumpling sounded amazing. Plus I really wanted to try scrapple. Their breakfast menu sounds amazing - I really wanted to get their apple cinnamon French toast, but since I was getting the hot apple dumpling, I decided to skip it. 
Instead, I ordered from the egg platter section - one egg with a choice of meat (you get to pick bacon, turkey bacon, sausage, turkey sausage, scrapple, or ham). I ordered my one egg over medium and picked scrapple. The egg platters come with toast too - I can't remember if I asked for wheat or rye. And then of course, I ordered a hot apple dumpling, with whipped cream. And fresh squeezed orange juice. 
The one egg with scrapple and toast ended up being a lot of food. On the counter is a jar of the most amazing strawberry preserves I've ever had. The scrapple was interesting - it was a very dark brown rectangle piece. It's essentially cooked mushy pork scraps. It wasn't bad! I would eat it again. I guess it's kind of like spam, just more brown and not as dense. The hot apple dumpling was amazing. There is a whole peeled and cored apple inside the dough. It was warm and soft and cinnamony. And with the whipped cream it was amazing. 
One of the employees said that they bring all the food and ingredients from the farm, so that's cool that everything is fresh and homemade. The service was great - quick and very polite. This place is one of the Pennsylvania Dutch businesses in the Reading Terminal Market. It's not regularly scheduled to be open on Sundays or Mondays. You can order things to go, or eat in at the counter.I am haunted.
Since I had my breakfast there, I everyday dream about it. The pancakes are just amazing, the potatoes and bacon feels like home cooked, and the egg was just so fresh.
If you never been there, order their breakfast special. It's only $9+ with coffee. You won't regret it."Nothing special". This place is very crowded and the food is just passable. While we waited for our take-out order (which we ate at nearby tables because their tables were full), we wandered around the very large market building in which Dutch Eating Place is located. So many fun places! There were several other breakfast stalls, some with full diner counters and seats with very few patrons, yet yummy-looking breakfasts.
It made me wish we had sat and ordered at one of those places and had a much more fun "diner" dining experience.
My suggestion is to avoid the crowds at the front of the Reading Market (I think that's what the building is called?) and head to the less crowded back of the building for better service and, possibly, better food.
I should probably give Dutch Eating Place a two or maybe three star, but I really want to emphasize there are other options and that they definitely are not a 4 or 5 star experience in terms of crowds and food.This place is phenomenal. The food portions, taste, and variety are great. I always stop by when visiting Philly. The baked apple dumplings are delicious.This place is phenomenal for breakfast.  I take all my out of town friends here for a good RTM/Philly experience.
Dutch Eating Place is 1. delicious 2. fast with great service and 3. CHEAP.  I've never ordered anything here that wasn't great.  The turkey bacon rules.  And , while you're eating you're surrounded by the absolute chaos that is reading terminal market so it makes for some good people watching.  
Fair warning: if you're looking for some green, healthy breakfast place, this isn't it.  Dutch Eating Place is some authentic non-heart/health friendly grub.  
Don't get put off by the long line.  It goes fast and is worth it.I ordered the pancakes and turkey bacon there one saturday morning and let me tell you, this place is amazing. You can tell everything was made from scratch. The butter that comes with the pancakes were obviously recently churned.
The pancakes are the best I have had in recent memory. They were very fluffy and moist on the inside. Most of the time they come out dry or slightly dry but this place was on point! The bacon was the heartest couple slices of turkey bacon I have ever seen. It all tasted very fresh!
The place is very cheap too!We went on a Saturday and had only a short wait. The service was fast, but friendly, and kept the line moving quickly. The breakfast sandwich was very good and my pot pie was good as well. Our bill was only $15 for two people. I would highly recommend coming here.Scrunched on the side next to Beiler's Bakery, this place is small. Went for breakfast Sat 8/22 at about 9:30 am with a line of 7 before us. The line kept forming. The wait staff was WELL trained, speedy, and affable which helps the wait of about 15 min. We read here about the apple dumpling, and we got one to share among four--WOW, worth it. Our breakfast fare was great, not particularly a "breakfast-fusion" place, as it was not intended to be, but straight forward great breakfast food with people who can cook. Yum!Best breakfast in Philadelphia. As a lifelong resident of the city, I've been to many a diner, breakfast spot, etc, and I've yet to encounter a breakfast as fresh, hearty, and delicious as the Dutch eating place. Orange juice is fresh squeezed and chocolate milk is the best I've ever had...ever. If you go, I suggest the massive (and fire than filling) pancake platter or the delicious, fresh from the farm bacon.Good old fashioned diner food. It is worth the wait for a seat. So nice at the counter it got us back into the Christmas spirit and energy to battle the crowds shopping.Apple dumpling with heavy cream was the perfection combination of sweet, tart, soft and crispy in all the right places. We devoured it within minutes. Solid PA Dutch dish. 
The place itself is just a stall in Reading Terminal Market, squished and not much room if it's a busy day. Perfect way to end an eating spree in the market.An excellent place for breakfast, and has not failed yet.  The service is very good and the food is delicious!  My favorite dish thus far is the apple french toast w/ turkey bacon.  Cannot go wrong!  For drinks, I must say the orange juice is one of the best Ive had...soo fresh!.  Also, the pancakes are excellent.  For dessert, the apple dumplings are very good. I do wish they were open on Sundays and served breakfast all day!The apple dumpling is amazing! The breakfast is decent, but the homefries were alittle off. The potato's had no taste.Sayed in town to cover a trade show at the convertion center and ate breakfast here three days straight. Turkey sausage is spectacular and the counter service is very helpful and friently.Lovely morning for some good scrapple and home fries.  The scrapple was perfectly cooked on the Outside, Warm and creamy on the inside the potatoes were done just the way I like them cooked thoroughly with a little bit a Char the coffee was the star of the meal though with that delicious local cream couldn't beat it"Start your day the Amish way!"  That's what was printed on the shirt hanging by the menu.  This spot in the Reading Terminal Market seemed interesting because of the whole Amish thing and we saw servers dressed like they were Amish.  Not sure if they were really Amish.  We ate there for lunch on the last day of the World Meeting of Families congress at the convention center nearby.  I had the Sloppy Joe and my husband had the Reuben sandwich.  I like their Sloppy Joe.  It was reminiscent of the cafeteria sloppy joe's I had in grade school.  Their lemonade wasn't too sweet or tart.  Fresh cut fries were good.  Seemed like just good home cooking to me.  Service was pretty quick and the servers were attentive.  One thing that I was disappointed about was their menu said breakfast ended way before we got there, but I saw other patrons getting breakfast orders.  If they were still serving breakfast, I would have rather ordered that.