Yummy and from what I've heard, pretty authentic. Def a great place for dim sum and spicy foodSpicier than Han Dynasty! But... still not spicy enough :P But I love their fried meats, and it's pretty cheap! It feels much more like the Chinese restaurants I'm used to, so it's really comfy, no pretenses. They seem to have a karaoke room as well, although I've never checked it out.
I know there's a huge debate over whether E Mei or Han Dynasty is better, and they both have loyal followings. However, it really depends on what you're looking for, they have different specialties (and you'll find that even among the different Han branches). So give them all a shot and figure out what you like best from each, so you know the best place to got to to deal with your next craving!Hot sour mung bean noodle was great
Ma Po tofu was great
Dumplings were average
Generals Tsos wasn't very good. Idk why I can't find great general tsos anywere in Chinatown 
The hot and sour soup had good flavor but only a tiny bit of meant and one little piece of tofuI was here a few years ago and was disappointed with the not so good food.   I have to say that this restaurant has completely turned around.  The food is authentic and amazing.  This food in my opinion is even better than Queens. Of course, you have to be able to eat spicy food and like the Sichuan flavor.I love this place. Typically order beef with long hot pepper. Plenty of spice for meal and I find myself craving it from time to time. Staff here is nice and attentive. I want to come back and try the hot pot one time, but have no idea how it works.Pretty sure E Mei is my fave szechuan restaurant in Phl. I've been here for hotpot, dinner, lunch, take outs - so so good. In fact, I'm writing this review because I suddenly remembered their ants-climbing-a-tree dish at 1am (glass noodles and ground pork and that all spicy yumminess) and needed to remind myself to return for that! 
-Hotpot is great, stock is authentic, better than the other generic hotpot places. The portions are huge too. if you're the type of person that doesn't seriously gorge himself/herself, this will probably come out cheaper than AYCE places, and tastier from the fresher ingredients 
-So many of their dishes are solid: ma yi shang shu, west lake beef soup, chongqing fried chicken, ma po tofu, twice-cooked pork belly, even the salted vegetable and duck soup, when I was craving some of those communal light soups for the table. one of the things i haven't tried is the wantons in chili oil, which IMO is one of the best indicators of a szechuan restaurant. I'm looking forward to trying it next time! 
Service is good, attentive. Food is probably pricier than other Chinatown joints, but you're paying for the superior quality + service + cleanliness & spaciousness of the restaurant. Great for longer meals and conversations.The more menu items we try, the more I fall in love with this place. I am devastated that we're moving to Delaware County and won't be able to get take-out from here anymore.
The veggie lo mein and pork with hot green peppers have both been added to my usual order of Chongqing chicken. I'm also a HUGE fan of the pork dumplings with spicy chili oil. The chili oil comes with a ton of garlic and ginger in it, and it's just to die for.
As you can probably tell, we have leftovers for days when we eat here. We just can't resist ordering all of the delicious dishes so we end up having a lot of leftovers.
I will miss you, E Mei. I will miss you :(chinese chicken nuggets. braised pork belly. everything here is great. you really cant go wrong, unless you start ordering all the american chinese food like beef n broc or sesame chicken. but then again that stuff is probably delicious as well.I never had szechuan style cuisine in the US before and I am so glad that E Mei was my first! The food there is extremely authentic and spicy! The owner and waiters treated us like we were the only customer there when there was almost a full house! 
At first I was very nervous due to the spiciness and oily of traditional szechuan style food, but I was glad the owner helped us order and give us a great balance of flavor! 
We had a spicy fish dish that was BANGING! And a smoked duck dish! Holy cow was it amazing! 
Definitely highly recommend checking out the place even it's in the dead part of Chinatown!I came here on a Monday, didn't make reservations but got seated quickly. I got the beef tendon. It was around 20 (including tip and tax). I also got a sprite. The dish itself was around 16. It was a decent sized plate, enough to feed two but I decided I could finish it myself. Super Spicy!!!!! Flavor was really good. I'd recommend coming here if you love spicy food like extra spicy!Staff was friendly and fast. The drinks and food arrived quickly. I was looking for food with some spice, some heat. Unfortunately, neither of my dishes really had any. 
Looking at the other reviews, most people seem very happy with the flavors and spiciness of their dishes. . 
Maybe my friend and I just got unlucky today.Ambiance:  This is one of the nicest establishments in Chinatown.  There are booths lining the walls of the restaurant and big round tables in between.  The décor is simple but nice.  One of the big drawbacks to the booths is that the back-support is shared between booths and every time you or the person behind you shifts, the back-support wobbles back and forth.
Service:  I always get a smile from staff once I enter the restaurant and it makes me feel right at home.  The waiters are always kind and helpful.  They never make me feel rushed and I feel comfortable asking questions.  Probably the best waitstaff in Chinatown!  Sometimes on weekend nights the waiters can be hard to flag down for further assistance.
Food:  The food is consistently good.  The quality of ingredients and flavor are always good.  While some things are a little expensive, this is no different than any other restaurant in Chinatown with comparable dishes.  The kung pow chicken is great, beef and tripe is yummy (though not as good as Han Dynasty), the cold appetizer spicy chicken is a favorite, the spicy fish filet is great, the sautéed squash is a delight.  Every time we go, we try a new dish or two and are happy with them.  While we continue to order our favorites, we are always confident in trying new dishes from the menu.
Overall:  A definite must try in Chinatown!  Spicy and flavorful dishes made with quality ingredients in a nice space.
Pro - tip 1:  They have an intimate banquet room that is in a separate room and has karaoke capabilities.
Pro - tip 2:  This place is BYO!!!大城市的好处就是，川菜大都是正宗的...好有家乡的感觉...如果多两个人陪我又可以多点两道菜了...水煮鱼稍微淡了一点点......下次会要求加辣！中午人少，吃的很舒适！I used to go to Emei for dine in and takeout very often. Except since two weeks ago, my friend and I ordered frogs from this place and both of us had diarrhea after having the food. Not planning to go back.At my peak I was eating here 3 times a week. But my friends began to protest after a few visits and lamented how their bellies suffered. Drama queens, those girls. 
This is absolutely my favorite restaurant in Chinatown! Overall, the food is consistently delicious but one particular dish continues to bring me back despite gastrointestinal challenges--spicy oil is not kind to your digestive system, my friends.
THE GRILLED FISH. It's fresh tilapia grilled to perfection, submerged in spicy oil and served in a deep rectangular dish. Sprinkled generously over the fish is an assortment of vegetables (fried potatoes, mushroom, green peppers and bamboo shoots), peppercorn and hot peppers. I usually request to add enoki mushroom and daikon, because they add incredible flavor and the daikon is delightfully crunchy! The dish is usually devoured within minutes and I must fight to stake what's mine. My friends complain after they finish eating, but during the feast, they too are completely under a gastronomic spell. Just thinking about the fish has me drooling a bit on my keyboard...
Some other dishes to try:
1. Spicy Fragrant Fish Pot. 
2. Pork with Dry Tofu
And shout out to our favorite waitress, Yuki, who is endlessly accommodating.Fine restaurant, love the 水煮肉片 (literally water-cooked meat). Only suggestion to any potential customers is to ask them not to add MSG; the first time I came here I made that mistake and didn't feel too well (pretty sure it wasn't the food, I just have a general reaction to MSG). But the next time I came by, I remembered to ask and haven't had any problem since. CASH ONLY!This place is overall pretty great. It's a great atmosphere and they're very quick in bringing the food. I try to go here with my friends at least once a month. There's no question that they've got great food, but you REALLY have to communicate to the waiters to tone down the spice - sometimes, it's so ridiculously hot that it's impossible to eat (I'm Indian, and I can tolerate alot more than the average person).
My suggestions: try the cumin lamb, the steamed dumplings, and the chong qing chicken.Excellent service.  Huge portions. Unbelievably fresh ingredients.  If you're looking to treat yourself,  look no further.Service was excellent!
Food is amazing! Certainly a favorite from Chinatown. Clean and tasty.I've been passing this place for many times, but I never bothered to check because the sign was unimpressive, and the outside looked so old. Today, After visiting this place, I admit: I was ignorant and biased. I'm sorry, E Mei. 
My mom and I really wanted to try Chinese hotpot. As usually, I looked up Yelp and this place popped up. So I thought "why not, let's try."  Although the outside of the restaurant was sketchy, the inside was much larger and probably one of the cleanest Chinese restaurant I've ever been. 
The food was great. The broth was a tad salty, but I think that's because we kept boiling the pot until we finish the meal. All the ingredients were great. I was especially impressed by the beef tripe, beef and oyster mushroom. The beef was properly seasoned in starch. The portion was more than enough and the price was reasonable. Also, I saw a lot of Chinese having lunch there, so this place is legit.
What really impressed us was their service.  I don't expect much from a Chinese restaurant, but they really exceeded our expectation. The manager was really friendly and attentive, not just to us but to others as well, whether the customer was Asian or not. He wasn't just commanding people from his high chair. He would actually get up and serve the guests. The servers were sensitive too - getting to you even if you didn't call them out and knowing what you need.As a Chengduer, I have to say the dish here is still not transitional Sichuan style. Only the boiled dumpling with hot oil has the favor I remembered. Other dishes are all American style.Food was just okay. My husband ordered orange chicken, not good. Sauce is thick and chicken is just to breaded for his tastebuds. My Chicken and broccoli was tasty.This restaurant is very very good at what they do! Service was very attentive. Food was very good and price was fair. We went in a party of 8, and each ended up paying a lot less than 20 for a lavished meal! We ordered family style: sesame noodles, dan dan noodles (no surprise there, pretty good), chicken with pepper in country style (rich delicious sauce), cumin lamb (YES MUST GET), mapo tofu (mediocre), dry pepper cabbage (great vegetarian option), chongqing spicy chicken (a crowd favorite), double cooked pork (amazing as always), and jumbo shrimp in garlic sauce (just okay). 
We will definitely return!Let me start by saying that I have eaten my fair share of Sichuan food in Philadelphia. On the higher end of the price spectrum, I've compared and contrasted several dishes at Han Dynasty, Jane G's, and most recently Dan Dan. On the lower end, I've explored the menus of Szechuan Chili, Red Kings 2, and now E Mei. After trying all these restaurants, I can say confidently that E Mei is not the best Sichuan restaurant in Philadelphia, but it certainly is at the top of the charts in its price bracket.
Proving that passion for food is all it takes, two petite ladies ordered the following:
Boiled Dumplings with Hot Oil
Plump wontons in hot oil. While the pork filling was nice and savory, the hot oil lacked flavor and spice. I can't really complain too much though because this dish was free with check-in!
Hot and Sour Seafood Soup
The hot and sour seafood soup is uncharacteristically white in color, most likely because E Mei uses a mild clear vinegar rather than the typical strong dark vinegar. While I definitely prefer the latter, I still enjoyed the subtle taste of this soup. However, there was no actual seafood to be found. No lump crab here -- rather, thinly sliced imitation crab.
Chongqing Spicy Chicken
Mmmm lightly battered chicken deep-fried until crispy, then stir-fried with dried red chilis and fresh scallions -- is there anything about this dish not to like? The answer is no. This is a must-order dish at E Mei.
Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Sauce
Similar to Chongqing Spicy Chicken, this is a classic dish that must be ordered when at a Sichuan restaurant. While I did not notice any faults with the cookery, I was disappointed by the absence of numbing peppercorns. This is where the difference between the high and low end of the price spectrum lies -- the quality of ingredients. Good peppercorns are more expensive.
Sauteed Watercress
We ordered watercress because E Mei was out of pea shoots. Sadly, sauteed bok choy and mushrooms was served in its place. Since we happen to like bok choy and mushrooms, we decided to say nothing and keep the dish. It was cooked properly and offered a nice mild counterpart to the other spicy dishes.
Unsurprisingly, I left E Mei with leftovers. And boy did they make a delicious next-day meal. I repurposed the Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Sauce by adding chicken broth, threw in a block of ramen, and topped my spicy noodle soup with the leftover bok choy, mushrooms, and dumplings. If you end up doing this too, please be advised NOT to drink the broth. Trust me, the ingredients in the fish dish are not good for the waistline or digestive system. 
One last thing: this review is actually a 3.5 bumped up to a 4. The overabundance of imitation crab in the soup and the low level of spice across the dishes were NOT okay. However, I cannot deny that E Mei still floats to the top amongst the other affordable Sichuan options. With that said, I recommend E Mei if you're in Chinatown and craving Sichuan.Definitely going back there. One of the best Chinese food. Loved the Singapore Mein Fun Noodles.Authentic szechuan cuisine at a reasonable price and in a more casual setting, compared to Han Dynasty (which is much fancier). We got the fish hot pot, spicy chicken, and eggplant. Very spicy (clears the sinuses!)This certainly is my favorite Sichuan place in Chinatown.As good as Szechuan is going to get in this country. 
Hot day, even hotter food, and cold beer makes for a nice combination. 
We asked for the Chongqing Chicken with Dry Chile "da la" ( the only Chinese that I need to know ),  the waiter smiled and boy did it come to the table loaded with peppers.
We also had steamed pork dumplings and a minced Szechuan pork over noodles. There was a diced rabbit dish that I was tempted to order but the song of that chicken won me over.
Restaurant's pretty big . We seemed to be the first people in, around 11:30, and by noon it was packed with local Asian folks, which is a great sign.
Lots of Chinese choices in Philly and this is one of the best.This was first time eating in Chinatown and by far this was the best Chinese food I have ever had.  Everything was delicious!A terrific and reasonably priced meal.  Huge plates of food, be prepared to share dishes.  The Ma Po Tofu was very good, and always something that I am happy to see on a menu.  I wish that I could write about more of the dishes, but we were in a large party (which they handled very well) and someone else did most of the ordering.  
The food was spicy, delicious, and more authentic that I typically see.  They do have a section on the menu for American-Chinese food if that's really what you want, but you shouldn't.  Get a casserole, or some duck, or something hot and spicy.  
Service was quick, attentive, and then they left you alone.  That's how I like my service.  I can't wait to go back and work my way through the menu, line by line.Yummmmyyy!!! The dishes are spicy and delicious.  Prob one of my favorite restaurants now, love the variety if dishes they offer.  If you love spicy like I do, definitely worth it try!E mei has very good food, but the waitress is very unfriendly. I don't think she smiled a single time and made it seem like it was a hassle to wait on us.
The wonton soup and dumpling in hot oil were tasty and unique.This certainly is my favorite Sichuan place in Chinatown.I loved the Beef and Scallions at E Mei Szechuan Restaurant. Everything was perfect and I relished every bite. I didn't run out of sticky rice and had more sauce for my dish that expected. Although they offer "American Chinese food" dishes, don't bother. This is the kind of place where you feel comfortable trying new dish combinations. I'd love to explore the menu more. The dinner time crowd is very busy, so I appreciate the food arriving steamy hot to my table in under 20mins.Came here over the weekend, cause I craved some Szechuan food. I heard the buzz, there's a new Szechuan restaurant in Chinatown. Well not really new new per se, E Mei Szechuan restaurant replaced another Szechuan restaurant that was there already.  
I usually use "Water Boiled Fish" as the caliber/measurement of a good Szechuan restaurant. I have to say their's...It was realllllllyyyyy good. Although not as spicy as I liked, my partner really liked it and she's not a huge fan of Szechuan food. 
They called the dish "Fresh Tilapia Chong Ching Style". It's served in this metal bowl, with a little flame on the bottom to keep the dish warm throughout your meal. The fish was so soft and delicate that it melts in your mouth!  It's different, than the usual "Water Boiled Fish" I had. This fish has the balance and the umami that leaves you craving for more. 
The service is attentive, better than the other Chinese Restaurant. Maybe cause it's Americanized. I'm also glad to see that they redecorated cause the previous owner had really tacky taste. 
We also had the Garlic Seaweed as the appetizer, the chef went a little heavy handed on the Garlic but overall it was still good.Got Quick Take-out from here this past weekend. As some Yelpers had pointed out, the Chingqong Chicken is delicious (About 14 dollars), I also found the Dan Dan Noodles (About 5 Dollars) to be quite tasty even though the actual noodle was a bit skinny compared to the Han Dynasty version...The customer service was fanastic and we really got what we paid for at this restaurant! The Dan Dan noodles were phenomenal as well as the soups that we tried. The tea was a nice touch as well! The other entrees were pretty average but definitely not bad.The hot pot is really good, the water boiled beef is good, and everything else I tried has been good.Maybe we are just used to Americanized Chinese food but everything tasted a little off. Egg drop soup had a puzzling flavor until we discovered the corn. Fried dumplings were larger than normal with a kind of fluffy meat filling but served with a tasteless oily sauce. Pork fried rice had too many peas and the pieces of pork tasted off - it was bland enough I was looking for the soy sauce that wasn't there. The hot tea was very nice. The service was good. Located in Chinatown town, it must be popular with the neighborhood because we were the only obvious tourists there. It would be worth a try if you are into a more authentic cuisine.LOVE THIS PLACE.  You know it's a good sign when you walk into a Chinese restaurant and the only people eating there are also Asian.  I found E Mei on Yelp after coming out of the Car Show starving.  We made the short walk over and got down to business.
All 3 of us tried the Hot and Sour Soup and checked in on Yelp for FREE Dumplings in Hot Chili Oil.  The soup was really good... piping hot, large serving, the perfect combo of hot/sour, and my favorite part- it wasn't too "gloopy" which is how I often describe Chinese takeout soups.  I'm a fan.
We shared the Garlic Eggplant, the Chongquing Spicy Chicken, and the Kung Pow Chicken.  All three dishes were fantastic.  Like... we had tons of food and hardly any leftovers.  The Chongquing Chicken was lightly breaded (not like Sesame Chicken at ALL) and chock full of hot peppers and dry, no sauce.  The Kung Pow sauce and the Garlic Sauce which came with the Eggplant were both delicious.  
The food was AMAZING and the service was good- they were very ontop of their water pitcher game which is HUGE when eating Chinese, especially when it's spicy.  I think the food was a little on the expensive side.  
After my boyfriend and I fought over the little tiny container of leftovers we had the next day... I realized I'll probably be coming back real soon.One of the best restaurants in Chinatown. I've been to this place multiple times and I always come satisfied. It's also a BYO, so definitely feel free to bring all your beers and wine. 
Best dishes: Eggplant in Garlic Sauce, Sliced Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce, Griddled Cooked Pork Rib
Please note this is a Sichuan restaurant, so the food is spicy! They also have non-spicy alternatives on the menu. 
I thought the service was above average because they were so attentive. They also give complementary peanuts, cabbage, and orange at the end.I visited E Mei for the first time this past weekend and I decided I need to go back and try more of the dishes, namely the Chongqing chicken, and I'd like to try a hot pot as well. The boiled dumplings in chili oil were AMAZING... so fragrant and flavorful... I could have eaten the whole bowl. We also had singapore mei fun, smoked pork belly w/ garlic shoots, and scallops with mixed veggies (they were quite generous w/ the scallops!). We also had an order of veggie dumplings which they brought out mistakenly instead of the chili oil dumplings. We ate the veggie dumplings any way and they were PACKED with fresh steamed vegetables. Service was typical for Chinatown - fast, efficient, just not the most warm or friendly. That's fine by me! Also, prices are super reasonable here. This place gets packed for dinner on the weekend so be prepared for a bit of a wait at peak times.Greatest Chinese (non-buffet) Ever!   The food tastes home cooked, probably is, the waiters are ninjas, before you even ask for something will materialize beside you with it! I love this restaurant!I am presently surprised by the szechuan dishes here. As one of the previous review pointed out, the menu is not exclusively szechuan but a collection of southern chinese cooking. Szechuan being one of the southern provience, I guess it fits in sort of. 
Sat down and they brought pickle vegie (pow chai) and fried peanuts (with skins) rightaway. 
Since we are there for szechuan food, we went through the menu and picked some very traditional szechuan dishes
MarPo tofu, very good. Lot's of hot chili oil but not enough szechuan pepper corn. I think they used furmented bean paste which added a different favor to the dish than other places. 
Cumin Lamb, excellent. Sliced lamb cooked with leek and bell pepper. Ha, some of the pepper are not bell pepper. They were so hot, I have to spit it out as soon as I chewed on it. Again can use more szechuan pepper corn in the dish. 
Shredded potatoes and green pepper, very good. Plain ingredients but well prepared. The pepper has a touch of heat that added favor to the otherwise sweetness of the potatoes. 
All the dishes are good portioned and we took home half of everything.This hands down is my favorite Szechuan restaurant in philly. I've tried all of the other Szechuan places but nothing can compare. All of their dishes are super authentic. My favorite has to be the spicy crabs and double cooked pork. If you are spicy food lover this place is heaven.For an event on campus, the organizers ordered take-out from E Mei. 
Szechuan food with a good amount of spice. Had the string beans, bean curd, lots of different spicy meat, and fried rice. Everything had a great amount of spice and the fried rice was not oily. Looking forward to trying the restaurant!I came here for Christmas dinner with friends to recreate the annual Chinatown Christmas dinner I always had with my parents growing up. We had a party of 10 and were seated in the back room. The party consisted of a mix of Chinese and non-Chinese friends. The waiter we had was not attentive to our needs for water or tea. He took forever to take our order. When we did try to order, he would shoot down dishes we wanted to order, saying our "American" friends wouldn't like them. This was wrong on so many levels. After serving the food, he forgot about us for a full hour.
The good side was the food he did let us order was fairly delicious, and the dinner ended up being cheap (20 bucks per person with tip and beer included). Based on the other reviews, perhaps service here can be hit or miss. Let's be honest; no one really goes to Chinatown for awesome service or friendly waitstaff, but our Christmas experience here was a little ridiculous, hence 2 stars deducted.
I'll just stick to delivery from other Chinatown restaurants via diningin.com.I knew that we were in for a treat when they brought the freebies before we ordered:  peanuts and pickles.  I.e., what REAL Chinese restaurants serve.  Then there was the fact that we were the only Caucasian customers.  And then there was the fact that upon opening the menu, I saw little in the way of Americanized General's Toes crap.
I have eaten my way through Chinatowns in San Francisco, New York, D.C. and elsewhere.  This place is the best Sichuan resto that I have been to.  We ordered a bunch of apps, a soup and an entree.  Everything that we had was very good or outstanding.  And yes, they use real Sichuan peppercorns, not just additional chilies for the heat.
Our food was:
Cold Apps
Spicy Veg Salad  (Off the hook)
Spicy Seaweed Salad  (Very good)
Beef and Tripe in Hot Chili Sauce (To die for, beef stomach only, NO intestine)
Spicy Rabbit  (excellent, meat is on-the-bone, eat with care)
Soup for Two
Tofu and Veg (well done, light broth doesn't overpower the tofu and greens)
Entree
Pork with Chinese Long Hot Peppers  (stupid yummy, da bomb)
Even the freebie Sichuan pickles they serve are amazing.  We plowed through three dishes of them!  Service was good.  We took a lot home.  That stuff didn't see the light of the next day.
Yum, yum, yum and yum.The service is good, but the food is just above average. We ordered hot pot. the Qing Tang soup in the hot pot is really nice (best), while the Spicy Tang in the hot pot has strong herb taste, which I don't like.Greasy chinese food coming from micro oven, not really authentic at allSzechuan food had been one of the recent fads in Philly. I guess we all wanted some spice in our lives. I've tried Han Dynasty, of course, and Four Rivers, Empress Garden, but just for the spiciness factor E Mei is my favorite.
Call me a wuss all you want but I don't need my mouth to be numbed every time I bite into something. Shoot anesthetics in my mouth and you can achieve the same effect without the next day consequences. I want to taste my food, the salty, the sweet, the savory taste of meat. Not just hot numbing mouth paralyzing heat. If I want that I can bite a chili. What E Mei does good, is that they allow the other flavors to play a role in a dish albeit the spice. 
Immediately after you seat down, you'll be treated to a small plate of salt roasted peanuts and chili oil marinated diced cabbage. I'm mentioning this because I love those cabbage, salty, spicy, surprisingly packed with umami. The Chongqing Spicy Chicken seems to be the crowd favorite, cubed chicken fried with a lot of dried chili, they make one of the better Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil in the city. The Fish Fillet in Hot and Spicy Sauce here is also quite superb, Silky morsels that you can just slurp up. You will need some neutral vegetables to balance the meal. The Black mushroom with Bok Choy or the Sauteed Squash with Black Fungus are both good options. When it's winter and the Snow Pea Leaf are in season, try them.
Things here are very affordable and come in a good portion but of course the place is nothing fancy. It's traditional Chinese family restaurant decor and furnishing. 
An incident happened last time I came where a waiter flipped a whole hot plate of food on a patron cause him to have a second degree burn on both arms, but all they did was to move to another table and continue eating. I don't think I will judge the place and made me not come here again, but it's a little worrisome.You know it's good when you literally start sweating and your tummy is burning and your sinues are dripping! Spicy food heaven!
We had the DanDan noodles and yes they were delicious - thin noodles in a bowl with tiny bits of pork and spicy oil. We also had really yummy boiled dumplings in hot oil (which were a free Yelp check in item!) and unexpectedly loved them - soft almost raviloi like, meat filled pods in a dish of spicy red oil.  
The Seafood Soup, which was supposed to be the Seafood Hot and Sour but was so bland it couldn't be, was eh. The waitress told me it was a few times and finally brought me out some vinegar to shut me up which really didn't fix it.  It was ok - reasonable amounts of seafood in a decent broth - nothing I'd go out of my way to order again. 
We also ordered this Chouquing chicken hot pepper dish that was tiny pieces of fried chicken with a ton of crunchy hot peppers on top - they were ok as well - the pieces of chicken were so tiny they couldn't help being greasy.  The whole thing was salty and greasy and crunchy in a semi horrible, semi wonderful way and we were forced to order some Sapporo - really not a bad thing.
The service was so so - at some points overbearing, at others we really wanted a wait person and none were anywhere in sight for a long period. I feel like there are probably some delicious things we need to go back and order.  We'll definitely be getting the DanDan noodles and dumplings again.Definitely one of the best in Chinatown! 
The food is simply awesome and authentic, with a wide range of selections. Will come here again and again.Sadly I don't remember the name of a lot of dishes here since a friend helped our group order, but the food was really good! Many restaurants in Philly's chinatown tend to just churn out mediocre Chinese food for a lot of dishes, but here basically every single one of them was good. The food was also actually somewhat spicy (I'm used to even spicier, so for people who don't eat spicy food a lot, the food here probably will taste really spicy). 
We had a dish with bits of fried chicken mixed with extremely hot chili peppers, cooked steak with sauce on a bed of onions (non-spicy dish), mapo tofu, spicy cooked fish, cold chicken in chili sauce, and a few other things. I must say though, the steak was cooked perfectly - tender and a little pink on the inside. The cold chicken was also especially good and smooth.
This restaurant is definitely good for Szechuan style food, will return again to try other things!I've really enjoyed the two times I came to E Mei. First time with a friend and second with my family and my boyfriends family. Great for both environments.
First time with a friend, in true Chinese style, we were seated at a table with other restaurant-goers. We got the dan dan noodles, free yelp hot oil dumplings, chonqing chicken, and the sizzling beef. SPICY. DELICIOUS. Way too much food for two girls but the tastes were rich and felt authentic.
The spiciness was much less muted the second time I went. Unsure why. Also, the staff suddenly spoke only Chinese, so brush up on your Chinese before going in! Literally no one spoke English this time around. We ordered the chonqing chicken, and dan dan noodles again as well as free yelp order-- they asked us if we wanted to substitute the dumplings with wontons. We did. We also got fish fillet with soft tofu, and my FAVORITE was one of the dishes under the Chef's specials, a non-spicy pork with rice cake. It was sweet, so maybe that caters to my sweet tooth, but they poor the hot, sizzling pork and sauce onto a couple of crispy rice cakes. Eat it immediately to get that perfect balance between the crunchy rice cake (before it gets soggy) and the sweet, aromatic pork and mushrooms.
The Shredded beef was the only thing I wasn't entirely impressed with. Not bad, just nothing special.
And as has become true for all Szechuan restaurants, the comparison to Han Dynasty. I like this place much more. Comparable prices and E Mei has a larger selection of non-spicy dishes to cater to all as well as more dishes in general. I compare their chonqing chicken to Han's spicy pepper chicken and E Mei's chicken to pepper ratio is worlds higher. It definitely tastes more authentic, larger portions, a bit more casual environment, but the restaurant is decorated like a traditional Chinese restaurant misplaced in America where you might find a Chinese wedding reception or two Asian families having a nice dinner together =]I'm from out of town, and I feel very lucky that I stumbled across this place.  If I lived here, this would be a regular stop.  
I started with Hot and Sour Soup, because it was cold out and then I found a checkin special on yelp for free Dumplings in Hot Oil.  The soup was tasty in a way I hadn't quite had before.  Both were very spicy, which I was happy to find.  This is possibly the first truly Sichuan restaurant I've been to and the spice lived up to legendary heritage.  The best part of my experience was the Chongqing Spicy Chicken.  I ordered it only because of the very friendly waiters recombination and I and so very thankful that I did.  Crispy, salty, spicy, and filled with flavor.  I would say this place is a must try.I don't have the greatest connection to the Chinese community of Philadelphia, so when my Chinese friend gave me this recommendation, I jumped on it. The restaurant does not disappoint. It is spicy and numbing with their Sichuan peppers, and they have kidney meat that I haven't had in years! I gave one star less for service and environment, but no surprise there for an asian restaurant. It's clean enough.Great spicy food place if you are looking for one in Chinatown. Haven't disappointed me in the last four years.Great service.  Nice people.  The owner and his family were very friendly.
I hate to say anything bad because I got a free boiling (and spicy!) dumpling bowl by checking-in on Yelp.  But, the truth is the truth, so here goes ...
Won Ton soup was acceptable.  Nothing special.
Egg roll was fine ... and nicely (temperature) hot.  But just a standard egg roll.
The boiling dumplings were good ... and I thought that the sauce was very spicy (nice!).
But I made the mistake of ordering the house special Chung King Chicken (not sure of the spelling).  Basically, it's just a mound of fried, diced chicken.  Tasty but very salty.  And no vegetables.  Just fried chicken with a whole lot of dried peppers.
I should've gotten the Kung Pao Chicken like another Yelp reviewer recommended.What was awesome: my dad and I got the dumplings in hot chili oil, sautéed water spinach, and lamb cumin. All totally delicious, and the staff were super friendly.
Why only two stars: there were no Szechuan peppercorns in either the lamb or the dumplings (or if there were, there were so little that we couldn't taste them). Yes, the food was phenomenal but we came for Szechuan food and the meal just wasn't authentic. 
Still, we left stuffed and happy.I'll start this review by saying that I've sinned. I left E Mei in such severe pain - the pain that comes as a result of being a dirty glutton. It was retribution, for sure.
The very first dish to hit the table set the tone for the evening. This dish wasn't even ordered - it's like the peanuts some dive bar would shove your way while you sip on your cold brewski. But this was no bowl of boring peanuts. This was phenomenal. I'd love to tell you exactly what it is they bring you from the get go, but I didn't even know what it was. Only that I loved it and would've to take a gallon size zip lock bag of it to take home. Some sort of chopped green vegetable bathed in chili sesame oil and other secret delicious condiments. 
Then, we let our resident white friend who'd spent a shocking amount of time living in China do the ordering. He didn't disappoint and selected a variety of dishes we would've never thought to order. 
One after another, dish after mouthwatering dish hit the table. Tofu, fish, lamb, greens, chicken, ...
And while the 6 of us worked like champs, there were ample leftovers. It was shameful and I knew I'd regret it come 2am. And I did. But the memory survives. And with the grace of the savior almighty, I'll one day return and suffer more delicious, gluttonous pain.Excellent! We walked in off the street. Took a chance.  Excellent atmosphere and awesome  food.  Lunch special prices very good $8 including tea,  water,  rice,  soup,  and main dish. Great service.Tried E Mei for the first time this past Saturday, and we are psyched about how good it was. We love Szechuan food, especially the heat and peppercorn, and this place did not disappoint. Though we like Han Dynasty, the crowds are problematic and an obstacle not worth dealing with, though we do love Han himself. This food was just as exciting but without the hype. We did make sure to explain that we wanted the 'real deal', not some Americanized BS. There was a pretty strong language barrier, but I think our ordering the cold spicy dish of 'beef' and tripe got our message across.  The Ma Po Tofu was excellent. The service was very attentive and they were very pleasant, wishing us a good evening and inviting us to return soon. We definitely will!Amazing Chinese Sichuan food！I love spicy food soooooo much！The shreded potato with green pepper , this simple dish shows the first-class cooking skills of the chief and I love its flavor!Has to be one of the best values in Center City.  We stuck with the Sichuan offerings mentioned in other reviews (thank you for excellent suggestions) the Chongquing chicken and the fish filets in hot spicy oil--both dishes among the best Sichuan food we have ever had. The pea leaves are a must as a vegetable compliment.  Way too much food for two for one meal. We will savor the leftovers for days. And all this for $65. Highly recommended.The hotpot here hits the spot on a cold day! The bill came down to $25 pp for an extremely filling, satisfying meal. 
-You get to pick from the regular broth, spicy ma-la broth, or a combination of both. The spicy mala broth was filled to the brim with chili peppers and has quite a fierce kick to it - I would recommend getting the combo broth so you wouldn't have ALL of your food in super spicy broth. It was delicious though! 
-They gave us a plate of bean sprouts (and some herbs?) along with the base broth we ordered, and there were also some meatballs in the broth itself, so just a thing to note in terms of how much food you'd want to order. We started off by trying to order 9 plates of hotpot ingredients (for 3 people), until our server super helpfully told us that she thought it was way too much food for us - ended up ordering around 7 additional ingredients, which was the perfect amount. (A+ for the service!) 
-The only thing I didn't super like at this hotpot place was the cut of meat - we ordered the pork and the beef, but it didn't come in the form of the traditional thinly-sliced hotpot meats I was used to, and instead was just thick slices of meat.I got the scallion pancakes, cold sesame noodles and boiled dumplings with chili oil. It's the first chinese restaurant I've been to that rivals the place I grew up ordering. A must for the quintessential chinese takeout place.Having been back here a few times recently, and also having tried Han Dynasty again, I feel like this place deserves a rare 5th star. Certainly not as good as it gets compared to CA food, but for the East Coast this is well deserved.
Their food is actually spicy, not like Han Dynasty where even I can handle their entire menu. Recommended:
- Chongqing chicken
- Cumin lamb
- Beef tripe/tendon/ear w/ chili oil
- Mapo tofu
- pea leaves or water spinach are always a good way to balance out the spicy
Finally, the last time we went, our server (an older Chinese lady) was extremely helpful and friendly, even on a non-Chinatown scale.This is my parents favorite chinese restaurant.  Their style is szechuan cuisine which consists mainly of spicy food.  If you like spicy food, this chinese restaurant is for you.  The kung pao chicken and dan dan noodles were flavorful.  The appetizer they give you which were peanuts and some sort of chinese kim-chi version was delicious, we asked to bring some of that chinese kim-chi home.Cumin Lamb was amazing.  Hint of sweetness in the lamb coating; spicy hot peppers that make your mouth and tongue go numb, with small burst of cilantro to lighten it up.  Best cumin lamb I;ve had so far.E Mei God. This place is amazing!
Upon arrival you are immediately brought a dish of tasty peanuts and another of life-changing spicy chopped salad. Yes, I just said salad changed my life.
Next, I redeemed the Yelp offer to receive a free order of spicy boiled dumplings. A very generous 8 dumplings came in the serve, though I was only able to polish off three or four. They were not the best dumplings I've ever had, but they were tasty still and definitely packed enough heat to start me a  case of the Szechwan sweats.
Next came my main, the spicy Szechwan chicken. The portion was massive and packed just about as many dried chillies as there are people in Szechwan province. This dry style chicken bursted with spicy flavor and literally had my face pouring in sweat. I had some napkins to stem the sweaty tide, but really what I needed was a towel. 
Not able to take in any more of the intense deliciousness, I called it quits and probably took 70 percent of my order home with me.
The meal was concluded with much appreciated wedges of orange and a fortune cookie to dull the lingering spicy pain. It was a good pain though. 
E Mei God is right - this is some of the tastiest Southern Chinese cuisine I've ever sunken my teeth into.
-SZThis place is highly recommended. Family environment, very friendly. I came when there was basically no one and I was skeptical but the food was exceptional. The griddle lamb was phenomenal and could easily serve for 2. The flame under the food plate at the table is an awesome detail. Quality Chinese food and service.My husband and I came here for the first time with a party of 8. The food was great  the first time. My husband, who loves dumplings was impressed by theirs. We then went back a second time only to be served dumplings that were pretty much all dough. The pork fried rice we were served was obviously left overs fr0m the day before. My husband thought I was eating some peanuts from all the crucning of the rice. To top it off, we were not checked up on by the waitress even once. When we expressed to her our dislike for the food, she told us that she didn't do the cooking and that she would let the manager know. The manager pretty much told us that was how the dumplings are supposed to be made and that he couldn't  taste the rice, so he couldn't really comment on it. He then offered a 10% discount for the terrible food. Definitely the last time we will be dining there.Fair Chinese food. The hot pot here is acceptable compare to other hot pots in other restaurants. Anyway, it is just an acceptable restaurant.I've been trying out Sichuan places around chinatown as I have no interest in going to Han Dynasty. The last place I visited (Four Rivers) was tasty but the spice levels were definitely toned down. This place is different. E Mei understands how to use spice in a way that kicks hard but is so addictively flavorful you can't stop eating no matter how much it hurts. I have tried the Dan Dan noodles and Chungqing spicy chicken. The noodles are the best I have had so far, and while the sauce is peanut based it is very savory, hardly any hint of sweetness whatsoever, and it is all the better for it. The Chungqing chicken is like crack. Crispy nuggets of chicken tossed with unearthly amounts of whole chilies. The appearance is definitely dramatic but you'll be safe as long as you pick around them. The spice level is perfect. It will get your sinuses flowing but it also builds as you eat so if you pace yourself it is more than tolerable. It also doesn't linger too long on the palate, which is a problem I have with chilies such as habaneros. An atom bomb goes off in your mouth and just sits there and gets worse. Nothing like that here, the spiciness is artfully crafted. I love the tongue numbing effect the Sichuan peppercorns have, it almost helps you handle more spice than you could normally. I will definitely be back soon, I want to have a sit down meal here as the decor is fairly nice (for chinatown) and there are some interesting dishes, (rabbit in peanut sauce I have my eye on you!).Great variety, veggie steamed dumplings were awesome, lamb entree and scallops great.  Very relaxed atmosphere.  When there are more non English speaking patrons you know you are in the right palace for Chinese food.  They don't skimp on the spices.  Our new favoriteMy favorite Chinese restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Their lunch specials are very good and proportions generous. The hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had.Love this place for authentic Szechuan. I always get the sliced pork in hot & spicy sauce and it never disappoints. I honestly could have it much spicier but for most it's probably just right. The servings are huge so you can take home leftovers.
Ambiance is pretty standard for a Chinatown restaurant. No frills. BUT last night when I went they were playing the entire Katy Perry discography which is +1000000 points in my book. 
It wasn't my first nor my last time at E Mei. Highly recommend!We only had appetizers here. We had the wonton soup- which is rather large for the price and a great appetizer to share! The steamed dumplings (delicious), and scallion pancakes. This place got us seated right away and the server was very attentive to our table. The food here is great and I would definitely return!I have to give this place a 5-star rate: awesome food, great service with affordable price. 
We order the spicy beef and ox's tongue(fu qi fei pian) as appetizer. We all like that one a lot, the spicy is decent with peanut chops in it. They put some parsley to make it more favorable. 
We also order the fish fillet with sour vegetable soup and mapo tofu. The fish really rocks! It's not spicy. The fish is tender and the soup is rich!! Mapo tofu is above average.
We also order the rice dumpling with rice wine soup as dessert. They also put egg drop in it. Actually I like that one a lot, it's a unique dessert that you can't really try at other places.
It's definitely worth to have a try here!!! I can't forget this place since I had a bite 2 and half years ago and I came back cuz I finally had the chance to visit this city again.Amazing dan dan noodles, better than Han Dynasty I think! Also ordered their cumin beef and chong qing spicy chicken. All were really good :) if you check in on yelp you get free dumplings in hot oil by the way! And they are super delicious!Excellent food, definitely try the dumplings in hot oil. They are to die for! Decor is OK and service tends to be pretty standard for China town (ie. not great, probably interpretable is pretty rude viewed from certain standpoints...), but this is a place that I will definitely return to just because the food is so great!My coworker wanted to try sze chuan hotpot and found this place. The hot pot is not on the regular menu, you have to indicate to the servers and they'll bring you a hotpot menu to check off. They have the half and half pot, which is perfect - we got half spicy and half herbal chicken soup. Broth was good but I do agree with some other reviews that it's a little on the pricey side - $1.50 for a side of sauce is a little much.I was born to eat spicy food. I always try many spicy restaurants. The taste is good in Emei, not that spicy, but almost every time I eat there I have a diarrhea, which I never had in other Sichuan spicy restaurants.Why I came here:
I was in the area and I used my Yelp app to find a highly rated restaurant in close proximity to my location
The Food - 5
What we ordered:
Sliced Beef and Tripe with Chili Sauce
General Tso' Chicken
Chongqing Spicy Chicken
Taste
The food was absolutely delicious and exceeded expectations. Everything had a lot of flavor. The sliced beef and tripe and chongqing spicy chicken had bold, spicy flavors while the General Tso's was sweet and tender. The sauce in the sliced beef was awesome and very unique.
Portion Size
Portion sizes were very large. We were very hungry and are quite large eaters and ended up taking a lot home with us. All of our entrees were loaded with meat and it was a really good value.
Temperature
The food was cooked perfectly. Everything came to our table piping hot.
Quality of Ingredients & Freshness
One thing that really stood out was the high quality of ingredients. Everything tasted very fresh and even common dishes like the General Tsos had an abnormally thick and delicious sauce you won't find at most other places.
The Service - 4
The service was great. All of the items we ordered were our waiter's recommendation and we were very happy with his choices. There was a slight language barrier and our waiter was not very personable, however, his recommendations were awesome and he was very attentive - not much to complain about.
The Atmosphere - 3
The exterior of the restaurant kind of looks like every other restaurant in and around Chinatown. Likewise, the interior is also pretty standard and cliche (red walls, koi tank etc.) for chinese restaurants. The clothe linens and tablecloths were a nice touch. Everything seemed clean and organized. It was busy when we went but certainly not crowded.  Again there was nothing wrong with the atmosphere, it just was nothing special and/or memorable.
Price & Value - 5
I found this place to be a great value. As I mentioned you get large portions of great tasting food for prices that are comparable to, if not a little higher than, your average chinese fare. 
Final Opinion - 4.25
This was a great experience, the food tastes great, the ingredients are fresh, the portions are large, the service is good and the atmosphere is acceptable. I would recommend this to a friend and will definitely be back.This review is only for the hot pot. 
Finally tried Emei for hotpot after hearing about it from friends for such a long time! We got the half and half pot (but as with most half and half situations, the nonspicy half usually gets contaminated half way through, oh well b/c I like spicy, but careful if you don't!)
What I liked about this place is that you can order individual items from the menu. Portions are smaller (and in the $4 range), which is perfect, because you can order as you go. We got most of the traditional things that you may (or may not) want in your hot pot: beef, lamb, potatoes, winter melon, enoki mushrooms, fish balls, beef balls (with filling!), tofu, frozen tofu, leafy greens (lots of different kinds!), vermicelli, spam, fish tofu, beancurd skin among lots of other things I can't remember. 
We had a table of 8, and after about 6 plates of beef (and all of the above mentioned), we were stuffed, and the total was about $20-25 per person (after tip and tax and with soft drinks!), which is really decent for hot pot!! (vs the $45 post tip tax w/o soft drink per person that Jane G charges!!!) This will be my new hot pot spot if I'm craving it and not feeling like making it at home. 
Some good to knows: The fatty beef is really fatty - each slice is half fat. The lamb is not sliced frozen lamb that you may expect (it's fresh and cut in strips, not what I'm used to but not bad). There are ~3 sauces to choose from (sesame oil, sesame paste, or satay sauce) - when they say sesame paste, that's exactly what you get (naive me thought it would be some great mixed sesame sauce, nope, add your own soy sauce etc. for flavoring). Great for large groups - there's a "party room" in the back with 2 large round that tables, which could fit appx 20 people.Went there with two friends, both Italian. Excellent food. I especially liked the spicy chicken, but the pepper steak was good too. 
Also, portions are generous for the price.I'm usually bored silly by Chinese food, but that's because I haven't had the bold flavors of  proper Szechuan Chinese before. Now that I have, I'm definitely going to come back.
Nothing about the food here wasn't a kick in the teeth (and I mean that in the most appealing, delicious way possible). Even upon sitting, the asparagus stalks you are given for free are partially pickled in some delectably spicy brine (?).
The sour cabbage and pork stomach stew led things off for us--a full meal for two at $6 with powerful flavors throughout. The food here has spice, but not a lot of it can be called spicy by the usual definition. Tears won't be running down your eyes, although you will definitely feel a kick. Szechuan spice has been described as both "cold" and "hollow" which are such bizarre descriptions that they prompted me to come here in the first place.
After that we had the shredded pork with long hot peppers. Instant classic! Everything about it is awesome, especially the price (I had 3 meals' worth for $11!). 
Service was impeccable and everybody else nearby seemed to be having a hell of a good time too (the couple next to us ordered 5 dishes and had their entire booth filled with bits of everything). I want to come back here and try out the whole menu. I can't get enough of this spice profile.We went here based on the Yelp reviews and were not disappointed.  
The small dishes of peanuts and cucumbers they give you were a nice welcoming touch. We ordered a $20 bottle of the house white wine, which turned out to be a very nice Sauvignon blanc.  
For appys we had the scallion pancakes which were not dripping with oil, as they so often can be.  They were light and flavorful.  We also had the Dan Dan noodles, which had a nice little kick to them.  Tea smoked duck was absolutely delicious, as was the eggplant in garlic sauce.
Service was pleasant and efficient.  All in all, we had a great meal, and I will return next time I'm in Philadelphia.Thank God the quality of a restaurant isn't dictated by what the sign looks like. It's easy to walk past E Mei, located on the edge of chinatown where all the empty and dying stores are. But, I challenge you to go against your initial instinct and walk inside. You'll thank me later.
The decor inside is actually quite nice - which begs the question of why they don't make the outside look a little more attractive. As soon as we walked in, we were emphatically greeted by one of the owners. Our waitress was a total cutie and was very patient (see also: she pretty much ordered everything for us). 
WOW the food here is spicy! Which is a giant plus for me, since most of the time I can't get restaurants to cook spicy enough for my palate to register. It's difficult for me to explain what we ordered, since I speak in Chinglish....but for two people we ordered fu qi fei pian (a cold dish of sliced beef and tendon), boiled dumplings in hot sauce (very traditional Szechuan dish), and "shui zhu" mixed meats (fish filet, pork, liver, and tripe in a hot stew). Similar to how one might say (erroneously) that all Korean food tastes like kimchi, all of our dishes seemed to taste like hot oil (sauce you sometimes see it in chinese restaurants that you scoop out of a plastic jar). For me, this was basically culinary heaven, but just make sure you know what you're getting yourself into.
I will definitely be back for when I need my spicy food fix (heck, I'd come back just to banter with the waitress and owner!). I am very interested in trying the cumin beef, dan dan noodle, and - why not - a rabbit dish just for the heck of it. And as an added perk, they have karaoke here if that's your cup of tea. 
I'd say E Mei's biggest competition is Four Rivers, another Szechuan restaurant, a few blocks away. At this point, I'd say I prefer the different flavor combinations at Four Rivers, but because of the superior interior design and the hospitality of the staff, I give my vote to E Mei. "E May" you rise to the top! :)This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in chinatown. As a native chinese, I like to explore authentic Chinese restaurants and this one comes on top of my list. 
You will especially like it if you enjoy spicy food. Highly recommended are those speciality dishes on the menu with lots of spicy symbols next to it.I had the hotpot here and after this I had to run to restroom several times. I am guess the lamb went bad.  And they marked the chicken pot as 10.95 on the menu but asked for 18.95 on my check. They were nice to changed the price finally but I suggest E Mei should modify the price marking.The best chinese meal I've had since I tried authentic Szechuan in Houston. We tried the Dan Dan noodles, hot and spicy tofu, potatoes with green peppers, cold sesame noodles, eggplant, and more. It was ALL delicious. The portions were definitely huge so it's best is to order a bunch and share. Service was great and friendly and they packed all our leftovers to go. Can't wait to go back!This restaurant is not healthy. The food is low in quality. I order a spare rib. But that's actually pork...low quality pork! The servant is average in attitude.This has become my "Go To" restaurant in Philly.
Everything I've eaten here is unbelievably good.
The best Dan Dan I've had in Philadelphia.
The Wonton's and Dumplings in Red Oil are great, Scallion Pancakes are amazing, Chongqing Spicy Chicken is one of my favorites. Cold Noodle, Ma Po Tofu, it's all good.
If you go to E Mei and order the usual Chinese American stuff, you are missing out.
Next up I need to try the Hot Pot.I definitely love this place! The mapo tofu was very authentic and spicy. Dried shrimp with cabbage was my parents' favorite, who came from China to attend my graduation ceremony. The complimentary appetizer peanut was also very authentic!Good tasting food that's made extremely quickly. Waitstaff is friendly and quick with service. Menu has a variety of traditional dishes and a section for American Chinese food as well.Most of the things we ordered tasted great. Really enjoyed it. 
If you are looking for authentic Sichuan taste, don't miss it.Food was good service was good. A bunch of Asian ppl there the second u walk in only a few of the servers speak English but other then dat everything was great!Was torn between 4 and 5 stars. Then we went for hotpot and waited 45 minutes for a pot to become available. That's probably an underestimate on wait time since we got there after our friends were seated. If you're going to serve hotpot at your restaurant, you can probably afford another $80 pot or two?
That said, the food & flavors here are legit. They are comparable to Han Dynasty, but the decor is nowhere close. I think HD is a bit spicier / better flavors but E Mei is not far behind.
The main thing this place can improve is service. You have to do a bit of aggressive flagging down of waiters, but I guess that all contributes to the authenticity of the experience.
If you're looking for some legit spicy Chinese grub, this is THE spot in Chinatown to go.Came here based on Yelp reviews, rated #1. Warm and inviting dinner dining experience. Hot tea was served with meal. Real authentic Chinese cuisine that focuses on spice. If you are not into spicy foods, the owner will make suggestions. I tried the traditional American pepper steak dish which was very tasty and tender. I also tried the fish fillet and tofu chef specialty dish. Did not like so much for consistency was too mushy for my taste and no spice (which I was happy about, but spice could have helped improve the dish). The owner graciously suggested another dish, the sauteed pork and tofu, which was a happy medium, not spicy but it was flavorful. Meal ended with orange slices to clean the palette. There were many other exotic looking dishes other patrons were enjoying as well. Overall great experience, huge portions for a very reasonable price in Chinatown. If in the area again, will definately stop by again.Wow... now I really know what people mean when they say how terrible Americanized Chinese food is! Seriously, some of the best food I've ever had! I went with a group of friends and ordered way too much food, but yet we ate every last bit. The service is friendly and the food comes out quick so eat fast!. They have an expansive menu so you're hard pressed to find something you won't like. I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend the lamb with cumin. (I am still dreaming about this dish almost two months later). The chongqing chicken and shredded pork with long hot pepper were also very good. If you're a more adventurous eater, I'd recommend starting with the beef tendon in hot oil. Go with the dan dan noodles if you're not. I'm a chilihead so the heat didn't bother me too much, order it extra spicy and enjoy the burn!Great place in Chinatown. Reminds me of Gu's in Atlanta. Have the spicy chicken and the rush with dry chili.I've been to more than enough Szechuan restaurants having grown up in China and California. To be honest, outside of my times in Sichuan Province, this is probably the most authentic and satisfying Szechuan cuisine I have had. 
When I came here, it was on a cold spring night. My friend and I were desperate for a place to find a rain shelter and, at the same time, to fill up our stomachs. We picked (excuse my poor translation):
-"Water-boiled Fish" (Shui zhu yu): So delicious, and mouth-watering just to look at! It's prepared in an authentic Chinese hot-pot, with the ethanol block still burning on the bottom. It reminded me of my childhood in China, when my dad picked this as one of his favorite dishes to ordered. The fish is so soft, and it's boiled in on top of a layer of amazing Chinese spices and chili pepper and chili oil. It warmed me up from the cold rain outside, and brought back great memories of my childhood. 
-Popcorn Chicken. Flash fried small pieces of chicken, covered in I believe some sesame, and about as spicy and freshly fried as I could endure. It was mouthwatering and simply delicious. 
Thank you E Mei for an amazing experience here. If it weren't for my fear of getting break outs from eating spicy food, I would come here every time I stop by across the street for a haircut!One of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in Philly, New York, DC, etc. (maybe not San Fran). The place is no hole in the wall, nice enough to go with another person or with a larger group. Even with the decent interior, the prices are still very reasonable.
Dishes I would recommend:
1. Dan Dan Noodles - best I've had outside of Chengdu (very fresh noodles and authentic sauce, a bit spicy which is perfect)
Cumi
2. Chongqing Spicy Chicken - Solid dish
3. Spicy Lamb with Cumin - will be one of the best Chinese lamb dishes you've had
4. Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Pot - classic Szechuan dish, quite good here
For good, spicy and authentic Szechuan food, you can't go wrong!Was here in January with somm friends for dinner.  I can't say enough about how awesome this place is.  Perfectly spiced food, authentic, and generous portions - and the prices are crazy inexpensive.  We brought wine (of course) and paid a very minimal corkage fee ate and drank like queens!
Star dishes - the Hot and Spicy Fish is enough to feed 3 or 4 people alone.  The eggplant and scallion pancakes are also outstanding.  Everything we had was incredible - you really can't go wrong at all here.Mee so hungry.  Great authentic Sichuan menu and some Americanized dishes for the less enlightened.  Typical Chinese restaurant decor with exceptional food.  Handynasty without the hype and prices.  There is only one other Sichuan restaurant better and you will need to torture me to get the name because I don't want it overrun by white peoples.I spent my Christmas Day 2014 here and it was So damn good.  We had the spicy sole in a hot pot or whatever (bring the alka seltzer) I have literally been seen toasting it with my bf here ..true romance lol. I like spicy and if you do as well ....this will NOT disappoint.  The hot pots are just awesome their fish was so fresh and has quickly become a dish I crave at least once a week I love that damn chili oil.  I had table envy Everytime I was here everything looks grand.  The veggies are done right here just like Tai Lake (which is also nearby and amazing) E Mei is perfect for the family crowd.  This for me was the most idyllic chinese joint...and my bfs Chinese born and raised stepmom approves (so the food is totally authentic).This is my favorite restaurant for authentic Szechuan food. The place is usually crowded around dinner time, but the service is fast and above all, the food is really really good. If you like spicy food, they have some really nice food. Being a vegetarian is not a problem either - their MaPo Tofu and their Vegetable fried rice are simply out of this world!Definitely check this place out! My friend and I were still hungry after eating a light lunch, so we stopped here for a late afternoon "snack." What we ended up getting was a delicious 3 course meal....
To start, the waiter brought us peanuts and brocolli with spicy seasame sauce as appetizers (they are free with your meal). We also checked in on Yelp, so he brought us a complimentary bowl of dumplings with sweet chili sauce. The dumplings were amazing (and free)!
My friend and I decided to split an entree. When looking at the menu, the meals seemed a little pricey for Chinese food, with the seafood dishes in the $15-$20 range. We soon found out, though, that they are well worth it because our dish of fish in hot chili oil could have fed 3-4 people easily and we took more than half of it home.  I would definitely recommend sharing dishes and maybe even ordering one dish for every 2 people unless you bring  eating contest champions to dinner. Our fish dish was tasty although a little too oily for my liking, so I might try another seafood option next time. Or I might also order it again and see if they could go easy on the oil next time. Regardless, we kept eating way past the point of being hungry because the spicy flavor was so good.
So after eating only a portion of our entree, we were stuffed, but our waiter proceeded to bring out dessert. At least it was light. They give you orange slices at the end of your meal, and fortune cookies of course! I will definitely be back to try more delicious dishes!Possibly the best Sichuan restaurant in Philadelphia, is named after a mountain in Sichuan province. Quality ingredients done authentically, this is the place to go for aficionados.Most authentic Sichuan restaurant I've ever eaten in America. Never knew stir fried potatoes could be so good.so good！ recommend fish fillet in hot and spicy sauce！！！ i came here twice and i love it so much！！Sevice was nice ... Got a free bowl of dumpling bc checked on yelp 
Food- others food was good except the hot pot ... It was too oily . Not authentic as i thought it was ... The broth just tasted like water add oil..This is the worst restaurant I ever went!!!!! I gave it one star is because there is no zero star to rate!!! I am so disappointed about this restaurant's  terrible service and dishes!!! 
I went to this restaurant for lunch, and got spicy beef. The beef was raw and red inside!! And it was tasted like just taking out from a refrigerator. I asked the waiter to heat it, he was very rude and unfriendly, he just pretended to don't understand what I am talking about and said I am picky....that waiter ( an mid age man) is the worst waiter I met. He took the beef to reheat, using microwave!!!!
Can you believe that someone heat raw meat with Microwave?!?!  They are so irresponsible for customers' health!!! 
I didn't eat a lot during lunch, but what happened in paying the bill really pissed me off. I was not happy with the service, so it's my right to not give so many tips, but after I signed the check, a waitress just took the check and asked me to put more tips! That's so terrible and I felt I was insulted!!
This is my first time write an review in Yelp, I wouldn't do this if I am not pissed off!! I don't want somebody else get the same treat as me!! 
A big "No!" to this ridiculous E mei restaurant!
And all I wrote are true, if you guys don't believe can contact me!I had the lunch special double cooked pork with sweet and sour soup.  Also got the free dumplings in red chili oil by checking in through Yelp.   The dumplings were really good.  The other items were just OK.  I would come back to try the chefs specials but so far not really that impressed with this place.Dumplings and wonton in chili oil are a must try. They're pretty similar, with a soft wrapper and juicy, crumbly portion of meat in the middle. Served in a bowl of delicious chili oil based sauce. The Dan Dan noodles are very good, but the noodles themselves remind me too much of Angel hair spaghetti. The cucumber with garlic sauce is on another level. Crisp, fresh, and garlic for days. The sliced spicy pork was also very good, and the meat was super tender. Ching qing's chicken was decent, dry and fried with dried hot chili's, but not necessarily something I'd need to have again. Service was quick and the man i presumed to be the owner was very friendly. Wish they had a better beer selection, but i survived. Will definitely go back again sometime.Got a shredded beef dish and it was so spicy it hurt but I couldn't stop eating it. Probably the best variant of this that I've ever hadReally hit the spot after a long flight from SF.  Solid food with authentic flavors.  Quite spicy.  I love that there is a menu category in the back for Chinese American food...e.g. Mongolian Beef, Sweet and Sour, etc.  "Yes, I think I will order from the poser menu please..."E Mei is one of the most forgotten about establishments in Chinatown. E Mei will really test your aptitude to order Asian food like no other restaurant. This place blends some great authentic szechuan cuisine to the more grubbier "American Style" dishes that are more palatable to picky eaters. Of course I'd go for the more authentic style food. Try the garlic Eggplant, Dry Pot dishes, Fried tofu and live a little. While not all the food is amazing, this place is more of a local go-to restaurant.This has some crazy menu options.
This includes JAR OF MEAT for $25 
Both the food my friend and I got was really good except for his egg drop soup. the food came out quick, and the staff seemed nice.
If I am in the area I might stop in again.Fun place to go and get a hot pot with friends.E Mei is simply the best "honest-to-goodness", mouth-numbing, seriously spicy Szechuan restaurant I have been to in the U.S.  It especially beats just about anything in Manhattan and/or Queens in my humble opinion.  They say "good food transports you to another place and time" and E Mei reminds me precisely of the food I ate when I was in China a few years back.  Even the atmosphere of the place is just like China.  Brightly lit, spartan but comfortable tables and chairs and wobbly booths...this is a place for serious eating. 
No typical Chinatown fried noodles with mustard and plum sauce here either.  Spicy pickled cabbage and cruciferous vegetables and roasted shelled peanuts come to you table instead to whet your appetite.  
One of the things that distinguishes E Mei's dishes from the wasteland of other so-called Szechuan restaurants is the liberal (and authentic) use of Szechuan pepper-corns in many of the dishes.  The Szechuan pepper-corn actually slightly numbs portions of your tongue which opens your taste buds and simultaneously raises your spicy / heat tolerance levels.  Trust me, you will taste tastes, flavors and nuances you did not think were there.  Beer suddenly tastes sweet and so does the rice!   
You cannot go wrong with Dan Dan noodles, Spicy Beef,  Ma Po Bean Curd (ask for it "ma la"), Chongqing Spicy Chicken,  Steamed Pork Belly, Fish Fillet In Hot And Spicy Pot,  and especially the Spicy Pork Stew (with duck blood!).  The last dish is sort of like a parts department stew made with "everything else" from the pig except the oink.  It also included fish...Go figure!  The duck blood which I was initially squeamish about was great and reminded me of a very delicately flavored sausage.  It was delicious and not at all minerally like morcillio, boudin or other blood sausages can be.  Have this stew on a cold wintery day and you'll be able to begin you own Long March without fear of going hungry or cold.
The staff is great and I come here enough that on many occasions I simply let them order for me - now that's a place you can trust!  The prices are pretty good too, and at lunch they're even better because they have a fairly extensive lunch menu offering.  Everything here is "hen hao chi!"Good, spicy, chinese food. Bring the heat!I have been here for many times. Every time my roommate and I go grocer shopping, we go to Emei for lunch. Lunch Special worth the price.
As an international student from Chingqing, I recommend: 
1.suan ni bai rou - Sliced pork belly with garlic and soy sauce
2.ma la tu ding - diced rabbit with peanut in chili sauce
3. Mao xue wang - Spicy pork stew
4. Hui guo Rou - double cook pork 
Huo bao Yao hua is so so.
Hope it helps.Legit, family owned Chinese restaurant in the heart of Philadelphia's Chiantown. Food quality is excellent. It's on the spicy side though. There was only two other non-Asian people there -- which was a good sign. Notably, they don't serve a lunch special on the weekend.This place is legit.
First off, you get free wontons in hot oil for the table when you check in on yelp.
Second, if you're a non-Asian like me, you'll likely be the only English speaking and non-Asian table there which is exactly what I want when I'm in Chinatown. Talk about authentic.
Third, the waiters are friendly enough and speak English which can be a problem at many Chinatown restaurants.
Fourth, the food is amazing. I normally order the shredded pork with garlic sauce since that's what was recommended the first time I walked in and it was fantastic. Jumbo shrimp with broccoli was great too. Shrimp was so fresh. Oh and the egg roll is cooked to perfection, best I've ever had. 
Fifth, value. My buddy and I came in here for lunch. Meal with rice, egg roll and free dumplings in hot oil for 16 bucks tip and tax included.
bravo! I just wish I knew how to pronounce the name lolAn excellent meal with a group of 6 after a tour of the art museum and a longish walk to Chinatown.  We were happy to be able to order a number of vegetarian dishes, as well as more traditional ones--they even made an excellent mapo dofu using textured soy instead of ground pork.  The eggplant with black bean sauce was solidly tasty, and the cumin lamb as good as any in town.  There were lots of other good things going around the lazy susan, and all were quite good.  There was one slight glitch--we ordered spring rolls as a starter, and expected (for 6 people) to get two or three, cut into pieces; instead they brought one, whole, which we had a bit of a hard time splitting.  Dumplings, however, were excellent.Lunch specials are not recommended. But definitely a good restaurant for spicy food (group especially). Also love their hot pot!Great place to eat! Szchuan food, great！Write comment can give you free dumpling~(´`)*ﾟ*This is a Chinese restaurant changed its name for three times in three years. It started using the name E Mei for almost a year I think. At the beginning the food was great but then it's getting worse so I stopped going there. Recently I've been told the food was getting better so I went there last Saturday. It was good. Maybe they hired a new cook. 
My suggestion would be: go there with your Chinese friends and ask them to order some genuine Szechuan style food for you. Not the American Chinese food you know about. 
Last thing I have to say: Among all waitresses (most of whom are in their 40 or 50s I guess), there's a young girl who's really pretty!Best Chinese food I've had.   Even though reviews were excellent, it was an unexpected taste sensation (as long as you love spicy food).  We arrived on a Sunday evening around 7 to a packed house...after about 15 minutes ( enough time to peer at what was on tables and peruse the menu), we were seated with apologies from the owner for having to wait.  We must have hit rush point as within 10 minutes after being seated there was plenty of room.  We definitely over ordered, but had trouble deciding.  Hubby had to have hot and sour soup (quite good, but like nothing out of the ordinary) and I ordered cold eggplant with peppers which made my mouth water with tastes on the first bite.  Also ordered the Chongqing Chicken based on a number of positive reviews...this was tasty but a little too much of fried fooD for us.  What had our taste buds popping was the fish filets in hot and spicy pot, absolutely outstanding.  Fortunately, we also balanced the meal with black mushrooms with bok choy to temper the rest of our meal.  Fortunately we had lots to take home.  
I've eaten lots of Chinese food from China (mainland and Hong Kong), Indonesia, Singapore and Malaysia to NY and San Francisco...but this was the best.  
PS...they do now serve beer and wine, at very reasonable prices.Okay, I'm not really contributing much to the rating because E Mei is a solid four stars right now. But I will just state my experiences, yup.
I've been to about maybe 5-6 different Chinese restaurants in Chinatown (let's say I'm not too experimental with my Chinese food) and E Mei is clearly the best. And maybe it's because I have a thing for food that has very strong taste. Szechuan, with its infamously spicy food, no doubt has very strong dishes. 
I've been here twice - the service is decent, nothing to write home about. But you should know what you want to order before you get there (authentic Szechuan dishes, the other reviewers covered this already), and skip the Americanized stuff on their lunch special that you can get cheaper pretty much anywhere else. 
Oh, the decor is alright, as people have mentioned, but the seats are kind of weird. My friends and I got a booth last time, and for some reason my seat had a hole in it. Not really a hole, but it wasn't connected to the wall and I had to put my bag on the floor. Not a big complaint, but kind of weird interior design since they've had the renovation. 
So the decor and the service is what takes it down to a four star for me. But overall, the food is very delicious and I would recommend the Shredded Beef with Long Pepper (I think that's what it's called). It's pretty spicy.Love E Mei. Has been here three times over the course of 30 days and I always have a pleasant, yet tasty experience.
Recommended:
- any of the spicy hot pot dish. I always have the fish, big enough to share 2-3pp 
- any of the dry pot pepper dish: beef, lamb, chicken, all good. I got the crab one
- chongqing spicy chicken. Spicy and crispy!
- sesame oil pepper potato - a Szechuan must!
- dan dan mian - peanut sauce noodle and minced pork. Love it!
- sliced beef in chili oil
AND hotpot! I think E Mei has the best hot pot in Chinatown. It's not ayce but it's a lot of food and reasonable priced if your party has 4+ ppl
Best Szechuan restaurant in Philly.Came here for hot pot on a Saturday night, and was impressed. We ordered a half-spicy half-non-spicy pot, with a mix of vegetables, noodles, seafood, and meats. The pork and beef were well-marinated and more tender than the usual thin-sliced meat used for shabu shabu, and the other ingredients were top quality. You can easily see the care that goes into preparing the food here: the vegetables were freshly washed and neatly cut, and served on pristine white plates. Will definitely be returning here!
They also have a wide selection of conventional Szechuan entrees, which are a few cuts above what you'd find at other Szechuan joints in Chinatown.You know it's good Szechuan-ese food when the restaurant owners speak Mandarin. Great variety of Chinese food and Americanized Chinese food. Great vibe that resembled that of Asia with the business, loudness and furnishing. Food is delicious with that distinctive Szechuan heat. We had a group of 10 and we found that the portions were great for sharing. The eggplant with garlic was saucy, spicy and delicious. String beans were slightly on the salty side so ask for less salt if you don't like your dishes too salty. The green onion pancakes were good, but a little on the greasy side. 
Overally, great place in the heart of Philadelphia Chinatown, especially if you're in a big group and you're starving!I have been trying (without luck) to find a consistently good Chinese place and E Mei has finally stepped up. While E Mei is probably better known for its traditional Chinese cuisine, I opted for the Americanized dishes. I got Sesame chicken, beef with broccoli, dried string beans, and scallion pancakes. Everything was absolutely on point. Chicken was crispy with a sticky delicious sauce. Scallion pancakes had so much flavor. Delivery took around 45 minutes on a snowy Saturday night. Would ABSOLUTELY suggest to anyone looking for well done and flavorful American Chinese.I am a fan of all the Sichuan restaurants in the area (E Mei, Dan Dan, Han Dynasty, Jane G). I think E Mei has a bigger selection, and I would go here with bigger groups. The food tastes great and the bill is generally lower than the other Sichuan restaurants located in Center City.Food is consistently good. Wait time varies. Sometimes you get your food quickly, sometimes not, but I still come here frequently, since I work nearby.Oh Chinatown...how you disappoint me. It seems almost every place I have tried here I keep expecting to have something awesome and unfortunately E Mei has continued my bad streak. The sauces on the dishes were sickly sweet and were thick and gloomy. The orange beef was so tough I literally couldn't even chew it. The dan dan noodles were okay- very spicy- but not much other flavor. The steamed dumplings were wayyy too doughy with an improper dough to meat ratio. Service was also pretty sketchy, I had to ask for water halfway through our meal and our waiter was pretty nonexistent during the meal. 
Bottom Line: I continue my quest for great Chinese food in Chinatown. This place is just no good.I ordered a lunch special meal including 1 dish & rice & soup. service are good and food are tasty with fair price , So good tip is a must :) . The boss seems like from hong kong or that area from the accent but food is quite authentic like from the spicy area .Authentic Szechuan cuisine. You can tell by their peppercorns and the numbness of the mouth afterwards. This place is a good break from most of the fast service places in the area. Also they have KTV if you like to singThe waiters were very attentive. I never had to wait long for my water to get refilled (which with the spicy food, it's a big deal!). 
I ate their "house special" chow fun and their Chong Qing spicy chicken. The chow fun was really bad. 1/5. The chow fun pieces were hard. And it was greasy.
But the spicy chicken was nice and crispy. A little on the oily side but overall, very good and hot.
I got a bowl of "boiled dumplings with hot oil" for free from checking in on the yelp app. I expected one or two dumplings but it was a full serving of 6-7 pieces.
If I go back, I'll definitely be sticking to the spicy foods that they're known for.Had the hot pot and free boiling dumpling when you check in through yelp. Ordered a variety of meats and veggies with the mixed soup options (one is spicy and the other is non-spicy). All in all it was very good and I would come back to have the hot pot again.My company had their holiday party here. Food was very good, although we should have had a bigger table for the number if people we had in our party. The wait staff was OK for the most part. Did not bring out at least one of the appetizers (the Conch )....Awesome banging Szechuan hot pots. It's not for those struggling with heart burns. If red hot boiling liquid of (delicious) hellfire scares you then stay away. I thought this place was totally legit compared to Han dynasty without somewhat polarizing attitude of Chiang. It's slightly cheaper and easier to find seats. And it does serve totally customizable hot pots. Make sure that you strain out all the dried peppers floating around on top of the broth...unless of course you are in the middle of some sort of a dare.In the heart of Philadelphia's unassuming china town, E Mei delivers some authentic, spicy and tingly sichuanese fares. Lunch special portions are generous and very reasonably priced (at least by my typical NYC standards - though certainly pricier than the food trucks I frequented as a student in Philadelphia). The Ma Po Tofu and Spicy Sliced Beef specials that we ordered were both excellent, and a check in on yelp awarded us with a free order of dumplings. What more could we ask for!  I would recommend a weekday lunch visit to take advantage of the discounted lunch special pricing.The service here is mediocre when I came as a group of five on a Saturday night (around 7PM). we had to wait approximately 30 minutes when we showed up, so I would suggest calling in advance.
The hot pot we ordered was half spicy, half house. It took at least three requests and 15 min before they were refilled.
On the upside, there was a lot of food. Good amounts of meat, generous portions of the veggies and glass noodles. Definitely worth the price ($13/person) because we were stuffed by the end, but the service wasn't too good. At the end, our waiter actually asked for more tip... (it was 14% originally because we thought the service was meh, and in the end we gave them approx. 19% tip)Our go-to for Chinese here in Philly. The only place that is anywhere close to California in terms of food. Seriously, why does anyone go to Han Dynasty or any of the other Szechuan places? They're all overpriced and/or horrible.
Stick to the actual specialties, not the Americanized crap and you'll be fine. Also, check in on Yelp for free dumplings.Oh the smell of chili oil as you walk in, that delcious savory msg flavor.  This place is delicious, compared to Philly stuff (I am a Los Angeles food snob...) and therefore 5 stars!  So good!  Tad expensive but not too bad overall.There are a few options in Philly Chinatown for Sichuan food, but none are as authentic and tasty as E Mei. You just can't compare, it's not fair. Other local restaurants make spicy Chinese food and try to pass it off as authentic Sichuan food, but they don't add enough Chinese peppers or Sichuan peppercorns.
My go to appetizer dishes are Wontons in chili oil (spicy), Sliced Beef And Tripe With Chili Sauce (cold dish, very spicy), Cucumber with garlic sauce (cold dish). 
As for entrees, 99% of the time I get Sliced Beef In Hot And Spicy Sauce (very spicy). 
My suggestions for other things to try if you're feeling adventurous: 
Chongqing chicken (very spicy)
Cumin lamb (not spicy)
Pork Intestine With Chinese Pepper Corn (spicy)My boyfriend and I watched Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern and his trip to Chengdu had us craving delicious spicy Sichuan food. After reading all Yelp reviews we decided to come here. We went on a Friday for lunch and they were quite busy but we managed to grab a seat. We had the pork stew, spicy dumplings, pork griddle and Dan Dan noodles. We loved the Dan Dan noodles, very flavorful with a hint of spice, the meat is minced very fine so everything was very tender and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The spicy dumplings were soaked in chili oil, doesn't sound appetizing but to my surprise it was really really awesome and they were free with the check in! The pork griddle is where it went downhill, they were overcooked and dry. The pork stew was the worst. The pork stew came with every part of the pig which is totally fine but it was completely greasy to the point where you can't enjoy any of the flavors because it all tasted like oil. Overall, I wasn't completely satisfied with my meal. I probably could've done better somewhere else in Chinatown.Came here because I was craving some hotpot. Hotpot cant really go wrong. It was pretty good, the ingredients were fresh. But it was more on the expensive side and the portions were small for the amount paid. I should warn you though that if you ordered the spicy broth, itll be super spicy. I think they prob throw like 50 whole red peppers in at one time... I was practically crying the entire time, but I like spicy. Service was pretty quick. Good warm meal on a cold day.I like it hot.
I meant spicy.
This is a restaurant whose food is true to its origin. In this case, the specialty of this restaurant is Szechuan-style dishes, which are known to be spicy. I believe at one time, 6/8 dishes were spicy, laced with red chilies and red pepper flakes, and chili oil. Oh dear goodness, AMAZING!
My favorite dish has to be the Chongqing Spicy Chicken. Fried chicken with chili peppers everywhere, and a green onion and sesame seed garnish. It's not salty at all, so all the enjoyment comes from the hot and spicy chicken. So bad, yet soooo good. Griddle cooked lamb? Yes, yes, and yes. All their meat is well cooked, and not too salty.
One caveat.. their Mapo Tofu isn't really that spicy or authentic. I've had better, unfortunately, and Mapo Tofu is THE specialty of Szechuan food. The sauce is too thick, also. Strange. If only this dish were superb, I'd give this 5 stars. I find it unfortunate that the staple Szechuan dish isn't as good as I'd hoped.E Mei Goodness! Came to Philly for the Cheesesteaks, but this was amazing Szechuan!
As a person of German and Mexican ancestry, I don't look like I would be able to appreciate good Szechuan, let alone handle a pair of chopsticks. But coming from Los Angeles, where we have incredible Mexican food, I can appreciate delicious food with a little kick to it. There were only 3 of us, and we didn't think we were that hungry, but the dishes just seemed so delicious right off the menu: Hot and Sour Soup, Jumbo Shrimp in garlic sauce, Chow Fun, Broccoli Beef, and Griddle Cooked Chicken. What an explosion of flavor! And just enough of a kick without being overpowering. Service was excellent as well. 
We decided on this place using Yelp, so we thought we'd return the favor.I came to E Mai because I love what I know of Sichaun food.
We ordered the seafood soup, black mushrooms with bok choy, and the beef with long hot peppers.  Upon check in, we also utilized the offer to get a free order of dumplings in hot chili oil.
The seafood soup was good, a bit bland tho.  I used some of the hot oil from the dumplings and it made the soup close to perfect.  As far as seafood content, there was only bits of shrimp in there- so don't go in expecting a plentiful portion of seafood.
The dumplings were as to be expected.  They were big and filling-I only ended up eating one because I didn't want to fill up.
The black mushrooms and bok choy was good.  Served in a white sauce, there was little flavor involved other than that of the mushrooms and the bok choy.  Again, the chili oil came to the rescue.
The shredded beef with long hots was delicious.  The beef had a nice, smokey flavor, and the dish was cooked perfectly.
I'm looking forward to a return visit.very terrible service！And they ask us for a high tips. their waiter are so bad，they cannot provide any service. I can say that their waiter almost in stealing money！！！much nice sichuang resturants，emei is not a good choice！Because of the brutal waiter！！！Last week, I went to E Mei Mountain with my friend Vivien and Sharon in Chinatown. This is the most authentic Chinese food restaurant compare with other restaurants that I know from my friends. It is a braw restaurant, I have already came here for several times and I have been addicted to this restaurant when I first time came here. The food here is hot and I enjoyed it; however, it is not super hot, but it is much hotter than other restaurants. We ordered five dishes: the Boiled Wonton with Hot oil, the Fish Fillet in Hot & Pique, the Toothpick Beef, the Vermicelli w, and the Rice Ball in Sweet soup. And the food comes out quickly.
The best one among them is the Fish Fillet in Hot & Pique; it is delicacy. I ordered it every time when I came here. This dish is hot, the fish is tender and it has many vegetables as well, it was melting in the mouth. The quantity of this dish was large; we didn't finish it. One thing I didn't like is the oil in the fish because it makes it looks like oily.
Toothpick Beef is also palatable. It was forsooth delicate. I think this dish may spend a plenty of time to cook because every beef stick sticked with a toothpick. It is a little complex, but it was toothsome. It made me feel like in China, because I always eat this dish in China and it has the same tastes like China.
Another dish I love is Vermicelli w. I ordered this dish by mistake. I thought it is a pique and hot dish like fish and it may have plenty vegetables and it taste cool. However, it is like soup and it just had salt, and it doesn't hot at all. But it was ambrosial. It made me feel warm to eat it; it has tofu and some silk noodles, the flavor is fantastic, which also helped me to wiped oil cause I ate some oily fish and beef. It was fantastic to eat it during a cold day.
I appreciated the service they had; the waiter and waitress were polite and helpful. They introduced some characteristic dishes to us and they were patient. We had four people and all of us have different require for the drinks; one is a cup of ice, one is a cup of Sprite, one is a cup of hot water and one is a cup of iced water. The
waitress was patient and remembered them carefully and they did everything like refilling the water without we asked for. They asked for advice after we eating. Therefore, the serve was fine.
The outside environment here is a kind of disordered: the door looks old and messy. The inside is much better and every table has tablecloth, they clean it everyday. The price is reasonable because it is not expensive.
I saw some reviews on yelp about this restaurant, most of them are some positive reviews, and I agree with them. One of a review said it is the Authentic Szechuan cuisine, and I strongly agree with him. But one thing I want to say is you should try to eat some other food, don't only eat ma po tofu every time. You should try more dishes and you will find more surprise.Killer food and cheap beers- can't go wrong! We ordered the garlic eggplant and some spicy tofu dish. Both were seasoned really well, not too oily, and came with rice. For the quality the price is really affordable. Will definitely be back to try more variety.Best resturant at Chinatown.  My favorites: Spciy Hot Noodle, Sliced Beef in chill sauce, Pickled Peppers Chicken, Hot and Sour potato slik, jean Belly and stired Beef...Hands down the BEST Chinese food I've ever had and I used to live in San Francisco.
I had the Dan Dan noodles and the Chongqing spicy chicken.  More than I could eat, but I was more than happy to carry the leftovers around all day.
A coworker recommended this place to me while I was on a business trip to Philly.  I'm SO happy I went.  I'm going to spend months trying to find a place back here in Florida that makes something close to that spicy chicken.
If you have the chance, GO!!!!!!  You won't be disappointed, I promise!We went for hot pot on a freezing, rainy day and it was definitely worth the trouble. The restaurant had authentic Chinese food with adequate varieties that I would take a two-hour bus ride for.Philadelphia has a large and vibrant Chinatown area.  Even so, on many previous visits I've tried several different restaurants and have always  come away faintly disappointed.
But with the discovery of E Mei Traditional Szechuan Restaurant, those days are over for good.  Absolutely loved this place.
Was fighting off the effects of a bad head cold, so decided to try to burn it out with all spicy items.
Extensive menu has the usual dishes, some of it segregated in a menu section called "American Chinese Food".  So there.  Lots of other selections you won't find outside of a real Chinatown setting in a big city.
Hot & sour soup was good, though I've had better.
Appetizer of Boiled Dumplings in Hot Oil were absolutely fantastic. When the waiter brought my main course, I jokingly waved it away and told him to bring me more dumplings.
Main course of Chungking -style Spicy Chicken was comprised of popcorn-sized bits of chicken meat with about a double-handful of chilies and a few scallions, all quickly deep fried.  Actually eating the chilies is basically for extra punishment, since they've already given up their sweat-inducing essence to the rest of the dish in the wok.  Huge portion looked like I couldn't possibly make a dent, but like popcorn, it's hard to sstop eating the pieces.  
Owner came by the table, took a look at what I was having and commented, "..ooh, very spicy..".  Of course, the beads of sweat on my forehead had nothing to do with it.
Service is  ind of "big city Chinatown standard", meaning your waitstaff may not all speak English, and don't expect friendly or especially attentive service.  Competent, prompt and there when you want something - what else do you really need?
Overall, highly recommended.On a rainy day after the Philadelphia Car show, soup seemed like a good idea for lunch. Around the corner from the convention center, we took a walk to Chinatown to find something good to eat. We decided to try the new place on Arch Street, called Emei. It offers up a more formal dining area to eat the Chinese/Szechwan items on the menu. With Chinese karaoke playing on television screens around the dining room, we decided to try the Pork Noodle, Spring Roll, Wonton Soup and Sesame Chicken.
When I ordered the pork noodle I didn't realize it was a soup, so I had ended up ordering two soups for lunch, the pork noodle and the wonton soup. This is something that is not out of the ordinary for me, but it happened by accident this time, I swear. The pork noodle was spicy and porky, with a strong five spice flavor, served in a big serving bowl. My spring roll was crispy on the outside, but very mushy on the inside. It was as if the roll had been frozen and then deep-fried. I still ate it, but was not a fan. My wonton noodle soup was filled with thin-skinned wontons, wrapped around chopped pork and shrimp filling. The broth was filled with floating tiny shrimps (with the heads and tiny eyes attached) and seaweed strings, very similar to the wonton soup they serve at Dim Sum Garden. The sesame chicken had an especially extra thick and sticky sauce. Despite the sauce, the flavor and texture of the chicken was good. 
There was some confusion interacting with the staff. I'm not sure if there was a language barrier or if it was just because the restaurant is new. Overall the experience was good, but it didn't blow me away. I'll have to try it again and order different things next time.Lunch specials are not recommended. But definitely a good restaurant for spicy food (group especially). Also love their hot pot!Really really good pork dumpling in oil and spicy grilled beef. Addictive Szechuan pepper burn. I want to keep going but I must stop. They brought tea (complimentary) and delicious pickled vegetables that helped cool off my mouth between bites.I am so in loved with this restaurant. This is def one of my favorites! Come here all the time.I am a big fan of schezuan cuisine. That's the main reason why I visited this place for chongqing chicken. Also ordered sweet and sour soup.Both tasted good. But still giving 4 stars because of the price. This is the most expensive schezuan food I ever had.Been here a few times and each time been very satisfied.  I only had ma po tofu from here once before and it was...fine.  Had it again yesterday and it was very good.  Glad I gave it an other chance for that.  As usual everything else was very good.  To top it off, $3 Yuenglings all day every day.  Spicy Sichuan food and beer, hard to beat.Authentic Sichuan 
Good location closed to China Town in Philly
Ambiance is pretty standard for a Chinese decor restaurant
Tasty food, low key atmosphere. Reasonable prices
Staffs were attentive, quick services & friendly
Sichuanese cuisine. sufficient amount of spice and peppercorns that resemble Chengdu, China itself. 
Offer peanuts for snack and green tea while waiting for your food to prepare
Not crazy about their pickled vegetables 
Won tons in chili oil (spicy) - Mediocre 
The most common Sichuan sliced beef and tripe in chili sauce for appetizer - amazing the beef very tender and the spice level is great for those who want a real challenge.
Love the Chongqing Spicy chicken - Well seasoning & especially delicious compared to other Sichuan 's restaurant
Cumin lamb (not spicy) - Good
Very impressed with the Dan Dan noodles certainly carry the taste of Sichuan flavor
Eggplant with pepper - Pretty flavorful, nice touch
Really enjoyed the authentic Sichuan tasteThe place was actually nicer than i expected. We ordered a bunch of food which came out pretty quickly. The beef in spicy sauce was just ok. The sauce wasn't what we cared too much for. The spicy stir fried shrimp was delicious though. The food want super spicy but it had a little kick to it. All the dishes had a bunch of peppers in them but not super spicy.I've eaten Chinese food in multiple cities, multiple Chinatowns, and multiple homes of ethnic Chinese. This is probably one of the best Chinese restaurants that I've been to in all of my journeys, included the much vaunted/over-hyped??? Han Dynasty.
It's an unassuming place from the outside, located on the edge of Chinatown. The group of people I was with sat in the back at one of the round tables with a lazy Susan to allow for efficient sharing. 
Everyone but me ordered from the Chinese menu. I ordered the double cooked pork.  I'm not sure why, but I tend to like the pork dishes that I have at most Chinese places. Thankfully the double cooked pork here was really good. But then again so was just about everything else. There was another pork dish where the pork was thinly sliced and tasted delicious. The beef tendon in chili oil was very flavorful and spicy.  The fish dish I had was actually pretty good too, and I normally don't like fish, much less eating from a whole headed fish looking at me. Whatever was in the sauce with the fish complimented it well. The lamb dish I had was absolutely delicious and probably better than my double cooked pork. It's very rare to see lamb in a Chinese restaurant. So if I were you, I'd try it. So so good.
The dishes here have probably the best balance of great flavors and heat that I've had to date. Just writing this review is causing a Pavlovian response. 
To paraphrase Louie Anderson, "You go here now!"Love their Dan Dan noodle and spicy hot pot! Best Sichuan restaurant in Chinatown area!My friend brought me here yesterday because she heard really good things about it from her fellow international Chinese friends. 
We ordered the house spicy grilled fish. It comes out in a huge tray. I think the dish was around $24 and I thought it was pretty expensive, but when it came out I understood why. The dish can feed 3-4 people. We also tried this cold mun bean appetizer--it tasted like cold noodles. Most of the specialties are spicy given that it's szechuan food!! I really enjoyed my meal and my friend who has experience with Szechuan dishes enjoyed her meal as well. The "spicy" dishes weren't that spicy. I have moderate tolerance to spicy food and I was able to enjoy my dinner without having to gulp down a glass of water.
This place is LEGIT! Check it out!We checked in on Yelp and received free dumplings in spicy oil, but they were only partially cooked, so we each got a mouth full of meat paste. The replacement dumplings were good though.
The Chongqing Spicy Chicken was delicious as was the spicy vegetable salad.
The fried eggplant with minced pork in garlic sauce was mediocre. The eggplant was battered and fried but otherwise unflavored. The sauce with pork made it decent.My parents like coming here all the time, so this means this place is good. Not necessarily the best 5-star Chinese place, but it's where my family and I eat together a lot, so there are good memories. Great authentic Szechuan food. Sliced beef and tripe with chili sauce (appetizer), Chongqing spicy chicken, shredded pork with long hot peppers, etc. were all great. Food is pretty cheap, compared to other Chinese restaurants of the caliber. Love the environment too -- it's a simple but genuine and authentic-feeling Chinese place, and the atmosphere feels warm and cozy. Good service.I went to this place with my wife and mother-in-law., who told me that her Szechuan friend told her that this place was the real deal.
It is the real deal.  Think Han Dynasty, but without the Taiwanese influence.
The tea-smoked duck was out of this world, and all other dishes were pretty darn great.This restaurant has one very unique advantage in the Philly area; authentic hot pot. Chinese hot pot is not an easy find in the Mid Atlantic let alone America,  but E Mei is a fantastic choice for this. I've gone a few times and everything you can get for hot pot is tremendous!Authentic Szechuan food located in china town. Definitely a couple notches above typical Chinese restaurants. The conch in chili oil is awesome and spicy. Egg rolls are good and not overly greasy. They have fresh shrimp and fish prepared in a variety of ways. I really like the spicy tilapia and Szechuan shrimp. Fried rice and lo mein also solid. They also offer some more exotic dishes like jellyfish, beef tendon etc. I have been told that their beef dishes are good and the beef is good quality and properly cooked. This place gets pretty crowded on the weekends and the servers are fast but not particularly attentive so I would ask for a 2nd water up front.I like E Mei Restaurant. My friend recommended this place, and now I strongly recommend it to you. To be honest, E Mei Restaurant is the most unforgettable part of my trip to Philadelphia.Solid place I would love to come again if i'm ever near philly
Fu qi fei pian - decent, I've had better though. Wouldn't get again
Ginger duck slice - not bad
forgot the rest but it was a lot of solid and authentic chinese foodHad the Dan Dan Noodles, were delicious. Came for lunch specials, excellent food and tea.E Mei Restaurant is a gem. I just ate dinner, but I'm somehow still drooling from thinking about this place. Someone get me a napkin. 
Okay, so I recommend getting the Chongqing spicy chicken and the griddle cooked lamb. Were they delicious? Yes. Will you eat until your stomach bursts? Yes. Proceed at your own risk. Also, I only recommend these dishes if you like spicy food. If you don't like spicy stuff, there is still plenty to choose from, but it makes ordering at E Mei much more difficult. 
Han Dynasty fans, you must try this restaurant.My prayers have finally been answered.
I've been on the prowl for a new default Chinese take-out place for almost a year (our old go-to shut down) and have tried many different places. This weekend I got to try out E Mei.
My husband went to pick up our food and he said that the restaurant was located in the heart of Chinatown. He said that when he walked in there were MANY people waiting for a table, and several tables that were marked as "reserved." That was a (good) sign of things to come.
We ordered the Chongqing spicy chicken (Lori L. posted a pic of this dish already) and the vermicelli noodles with minced pork in a spicy sauce. I also asked for two egg rolls.
When we got our food I noticed that we were given one egg roll and one spring roll. I ate half of each, and was impressed. The egg roll was crispy but not greasy, and the spring roll was really flavorful and fresh.
Now, onto the important part: the Chongqing spicy chicken was seriously one of the best dishes I've ever had!! The chicken didn't come with any type of sauce on it, but it wasn't dry either. It was definitely spicy, and I would certainly order it again.
The vermicelli - ehhhhhhhhh. That was NOT my cup of tea! The taste was good, but the noodles looked like straight up worms, and they were a little too chewy for my taste, so I was just creeped out. My husband ate it up, though.
I am dying to go back to try some more traditional take-out dishes: sesame chicken, sweet and sour chicken, General Tso's, etc. Hopefully those measure up to the Chongqing!I may not be familiar with Szechuan cooking, but I do know good food. This place made me very happy and very satisfied. The dumplings, the dang dang noodles (you have to mix up the noodles and the stuff on top before you take ur first bite), spicy beef, crispy chicken and chilies, bok choy and the rabbit and bamboo...all on point. The attitude is stoic and food service is prompt. I didn't come to make friends...I came to eat!!!First time here, as a visitor from out of town. On a Tuesday night, there was only one other table filled, which I found a little odd given the impressive Yelp reviews. 
Had the steamed meat dumplings - 6 of them, all larger than I am used to, and delicious. 
Then, the ox tripe in hot and spicy sauce, which was enough for 2 people. It was my first experience of tripe, so I will defer to others in terms of quality compared to other places, but the sauce was fantastic - spicy and flavorful. 
For $25, I left completely full, and will be back.Never again.  The restroom is filthy and has wires hanging for a space heater.  The sink is ready to fall apart.
I wondered at the beginning about why it was so dead there and only two tables with all of the decent yelp reviews.  I got the answer to my questions within 5 minutes of entering the restaurant doors.
The food was bland and swimming in oil.  To top it off, there was a roach crawling on the both where we were seated.  Yuck! Never again.
I only gave it the one star because I had to.  -_-I thought it was good, but still thought Han Dynasty was better. However, to be fair, we went to Han Dynasty with a huge group so I was able to sample much, much more than when I came to E Mei with the hubby.
The beef with long peppers was, hands down, the best dish we tried. Dumplings in hot chili oil was also amazing. I actually wasn't a huge fan of the dan dan noodles - I thought the noodles at Han was better, although the hubby liked E Mei's version better.Lots of choices in Chinatown, but I come here when I want a variety of spicy and tame. If I hadn't already ordered online, I would have been sorely tempted!
This time we had mostly appetizers: wontons in chili oil, Dan Dan Noodles, noodle with pork and pickle (more like soup) and cold noodle. 
A little of that chili oil went a long way. The wontons had thin skin and were delicious. 
For take out, sauces and noodles were packed separately, a nice touch.
Entrees: Walnut Shrimp and Shredded Pork with Smoked Tofu. Both were tame dishes compared to previous trips here to sample Chongqing Spicy Chicken and Ma Po Tofu. 
Very spicy sauces; enjoy!Authentic Chinese food. I go back for their ma po tofu all the time. Service and environment are decent.Met up with a few friend here for lunch.  
The lunch special is cheap.  For $7-8, you can choose from a selection of soups, pick an entree,  and get a bowl of white rice or fried rice.  
Portion wise, it's a lot. If you're not sharing,  you'll definitely have some left over to take home.  
I had the hot and sour soup. It was ok.  They could have tone it down with the ground pepper. It was just too much.
Entree wise, my group decided to share.  We order the chicken with garlic,  shredded pork with dry tofu and celery, shredded pork with  long hot pepper, General tso chicken,  sliced beef with hot and spicy sauce. 
Everything was spicy except the tofu dish.  My favorite dish is the shredded pork with long hot pepper.  That dish was really spicy,  but It was really good.  
The bill for 6 people was around $40 something.  That's really cheap! 
I will definitely come back here again for lunch.Emei Shan is a holy Buddhist mountain in Szechuan Province, China. It is a difficult climb up steep trails and even steeper stairs. On the way, monkeys drop out of the trees seeking donations from the faithful, sometimes quite aggressively.  Still, once reaching the summit, you stand above the clouds and look out at a timeless world of sky and mountaintops.  Breathtaking.
E Mei Restaurant takes its name from this mountain.  
When I made my first visit over the past weekend, I was impressed with the effort made to upgrade the floor with quality tables and chairs, as well as table clothes and an overall sense of wanting to treat the customer well.  It worked. The cuisine is slightly different than the better know superheat of most Szechuan style dishes.  The owner is from Chongqing, a major city in China, that was formerly part of Szechuan Province, but is now an Autonomous Zone, carved out of its former province.  Their food is spicy and often hot, but more subtle than the blast furnace approach found in better known Chengdu-ese molten flavors. 
My companion and I started with apps of Dan Dan Noodles and Eggplant with Pepper. Both were well done, and only mildly hot.  The beef sauce on the noodles was plentiful. The eggplant more shredded than sliced, yet even with the ample peppers, did not raise a fire alarm.  Both were quite enjoyable. 
Our main courses consisted of Fish Fillet in Hot Spicy Sauce, Diced Rabbit with Peanuts in Chili Sauce, and Saute Squash.  Here's were the thermometer began to rise.  The fish came in a deep dish with a ton of fillets.  The sheen from the chili oil in which the fish swam was very noticeable, and its red color contrasted nicely with the pale yellow of the odd shaped fish.  This dish was about 4 alarm, meaning my tongue instantly reacted to touching the sauce and began to numb a bit. Just the way I like it! 
Rabbit is not my fave, but having had it in Chongqing I wanted to celebrate the opportunity.  The meat was on the bone, and cut into small pieces.  The peanuts were a strong presence, helping to control the overflowing chili and star peppers attempt at an insurrection. It was 5 alarm even with the peanuts holding the worst elements at bay.  For me, rabbit is a lot of work because of all the bones and small morsels of meat attained.  Still, it tasted very good, and all of it was gone by the time we called it quits on more eating.  The small green squash was a pleasantly sweet counterbalance to the rabbit's "hare" raising. 
All in all a very enjoyable and authentic meal.  Definitely worth a return visit.  For those of us who love Szechuan heat, this place is worthy, even if not at the apex of the volcanic chili scale.
Climb E Mei and taste the view from the top.
All this for under $50. plus tip.We just returned from China. The food here was very authentic. The boiled dumplings in hot oil, Chongqing Chicken, Crispy Fish fillets with dried peppers, and Shredded Eggplant with Green Peppers were all excellent. We had to wait about 20 minutes but the owners and servers were pleasant. The portions were large, especially the fish,so we had plenty of yummy leftovers. We definitely would go back.Cold dish:
sliced beef and tripe with chili sauce - excellent, it was tossed with cilantro which went perfect with it. The tripe was the best part, though I do feel they toned down the spicy for us tourists. The manager was actually quite suprised when we ordered the dish. It turned out to be the best part of our meal. 
Main dishes:
Tea smoked duck - very good, and smoky surprisingly pink inside, which I wasn't expecting, very tender and not too fatty. 
Lamb with scallion - very tasty and tender, though honestly it didn't taste anything like lamb! I think the sauce covered up the lamb's natural flavor, but it was very good. 
Service was friendly, and I saw some really awesome dishes getting service, which made me wish I didn't live so far away. Also prices were very fair for the quality and quantity.Loved this place from the minute we sat down.  Plenty of help taking care of business.  Water glasses filled, hot tea served, appetizers ordered and then our waitress stops by to order our dinner.  Love it!  I had the Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Sauce and loved the non-fried option that was just spicy enough.  My wife ordered the shredded beef with long hot pepper and it was blazing!  I loved it (as a hot pepper nut) but my wife did have some trouble with the level of heat.  Just a warning for those unsure.
Steamed dumplings were great.  Recommend.
Cannot wait to get back.Good food, low key atmosphere. Reasonable prices. Went for lunch and a meal for 4 was $36! Included soup. The entree and rice. Very tasty. Quick service.Spicy and delicious. If you're in a Chinatown-restaurant-rut like I was, give this place a shot. Order their Chongqing (sp?) chicken. You'll be happy.If you're a huge fan of Szechuan food like me, definitely give E Mei a try. I came here for lunch yesterday, and I was super surprised about how authentic the food was here. The lunch dishes combos are super worth it - dishes are under $10, and although there are many americanized Chinese food dishes on the list, there are some authentic Szechuan gems tucked in there too. I definitely think that with the soup that comes with the lunch combo, one is enough to share with two people who aren't super duper hungry (my friend and I ordered two dishes with an appetizer, and we had lots to take home). I ordered the Ma Po Tofu, and it brought me back to China - it was that good. Very authentic flavors and generous portions, and the spiciness and numbness were both refreshing after a long break from Szechuan food. My friend ordered the Pepper Steak (which had a lot of peppers, not enough steak), but he said the flavors of that dish were pretty mediocre, especially compared to the rest of the food that we ordered. I love Dan Dan Noodles, and the ones here are definitely very tasty - highly recommend ordering them, especially because the price is so cheap. The sauce of the noodles had some very authentic Szechuan flavorings to them since they made my tongue so numb.
Love the little peanut bowl as an appetizer. I was so upset that I checked in on Yelp towards the end of our meal because you can receive a free dish of Boiled Dumpling with Hot Oil upon check-in. The servers are also very nice and have pretty good recommendations if you ask.
So if you're new to Szechuan food and want to see what it's really like (rather than sticking to that Americanized crap), give E Mei a try. Warning though: if you can't handle spicy food, this is not the place for you. Bring lots and lots of water, and eat lots of rice.Soooo good! Emei is everything you want Sichuan/Szechwan chinese to be! Fresh, fiery, and full of flavor. We've sampled multiple dishes, but really love the Dan Dan Noodles, cold cucumber dish, and wanton in chili like to start. Follow it up with their mao po tofu, shredded pork in garlic sauce, and fish filet in hot and spicy sauce (it comes in a lovely wok with a burner under it). Portions are massive! They take cards and cash. No byob because they have limited beer and wine selection. Will definitely be back many more times!I came here on Friday night with a large group on the popecopalypse lol.
There was only three other tables here as it was a ghost town in Philadelphia this past weekend. The waiters and waitresses are very quick here & the food is always delicious and spicy! They're always accommodating for our big group and patient with the fact that we took hours to eat and chat.
Of course family style is the best option ! We got the double cooked pork which was sooo...good. The squash was also a party favorite. Let's not forget our favorites, the eggplant with garlic sauce, sautéed string beans, mapo tofu, spicy shredded pork, crispy duck & the dumplings in chili oil. After eating two full plates, I still wanted more!
BTW if you check in you get the dumplings for free - 8 of them :)