Normally I enjoy this restaurant. Not last night. The wait staff was terrible. I had to chase down my server to get one refill, and again to pay the check. They ran out of the special brew I was drinking, and she was not helpful in recommending a replacement. Our clean dishes were manhandled, and not held by the rims. The noise level was so high that I could not hear the person next to me. 
The pizza was OK, but not good enough to overcome the bad experience. I will not be returning anytime soon. Too bad, I love this section of Mt. Airy.Wow!!!! What a place!!!!! Such good flatbreads (Pizza) and excellent excellent draft beer!!!!!!!! Only problem is that they selling the art work on the wall and it's too expensiveI was so glad to find this place upon relocating from South Philly to Mt. Airy.  I was in need of a new neighborhood pub with good beer on draft; a nice standard menu for dinner; and a few food specials on rotation to keep things interesting for regular visits.  Earth Bread satisfied all of these requirements.  At this point, my favorite standard menu items are the wissahickon or the caveman pizza; my favorite special is the Brussels sprout salad; and I am loving the honey latte stout.  I also really liked the earth bread brewery scotch ale, but I only had the opportunity to enjoy it during my first visit to this restaurant. The pizza is wonderful, wood fired, deliciousness.  This also makes for wonderful roasted brussels sprouts for the brussels sprout salad.  The general vibe is laid back and casual.  I enjoy bumping into my new neighbors each time I visit this spot and I always leave happy with my overall experience.  The service can be a little slow sometimes, especially if you visit on a really busy night, but it is never anything too terrible. Just put in your drink order asap so that you can be patient while enjoying your tasty beer.Not sure where to start but I love this place. The flatbreads(pizzas) are delicious! I've tried all of them and I've never had one I didn't like. They make their own beer and I really like a few of the ones I've tried. Some are not so hot but they also have outside beers and great wine by the glass/bottle if you want that instead. Really kid friendly and Bernard (our server most nights) is the man! Always on top of things.I love the food!  
I love the house made sodas!!
I LOVE the decor and the menus inside old books!
Should be a 5/5 review right?
Wrong.  For some reason, I often feel judged inside Earth.  I have caught the owner (or is she just manager?) rolling her eyes in my direction and then generally being unpleasant and rude or condescending toward me.  I enjoy being a generous tipper, having worked multiple years in the service industry.  
I love the food there.  
If I didnt feel like I was getting the evil eye from some staff (not all!) for whatever reason, I would be in here more often.  In fact, I would probably eat dinner inside or get a flatbread pie for take-out once per week.  
As it is, I probably only dare order take-out once per month, and I haven't been upstairs to eat more than 2-3x per year since I moved to the neighborhood.
I want to love you Earth Bread + Brewery...but...Awesome flatbreads and beer selection. The white bean and artichoke dip was also very good!Earth Bread has become a go-to spot for me when I'm in Mt. Airy.  The service is friendly and the flatbread is delicious.  Some other reviewers have commented on the owner/manager.   I don't recall ever interacting with her personally but the hostess and wait staff are always nice.
If you come on a Friday or Saturday night you might have a bit of a wait.  Fear not!  There are two bars, downstairs and upstairs, that feature their house-brewed beer as well as a decent selection of regional craft beers.  If it's too crowded (which it may be), simply walk down the block and grab a beer at McMenamin's to kill some time.
I generally stick with the traditional flatbread.  A large is big enough for 2-3 people.  They also have salads and other appetizers.  If you have room for dessert, the sweet flatbread is delicious with chocolate and various fruits.This place is a great local hang out and also a nice place for date night or just to grab a good bite to eat. As far as food goes, the first time I went I had the spinach curry with bread appetizer just to fill my stomach while drinking and it was killer and cheap! The next time I had the Continental flatbread and holy crap that was great. Also I think I got the small not the large as there were two sizes and I had plenty to take home and make another meal out of. This is all good enough but then you gotta talk about the beer! I don't drink anymore but I'm glad I drank here when I did! Their house brewed beers are awesome and very unique. I tried all of them and they were all great in their own respect. The triple trouble was my favorite. But to top it all off: kick the keg Tuesday. $2 12 oz draft all night on whichever house brew they choose. And once the keg is kicked....bring on the next one. It doesn't end. Let me say I had some fun times here on Tuesday nights. Even the time this young dude stood there and listened to me bitch for THIRTY MINUTES about the fight I was in with my girlfriend...or maybe it just seemed like forever. Good kid. If you're out there, thanks buddy!Definitely my go to spot in Mt Airy at any time of day. Every time a pleasant experience. The decor is earthy and modern, trendy. 
I would say this establishment is also very family friendly. I have 2 very active little boys. I did see other families with young children here at various times. The staff is nice, overall accommodating and friendly even when it gets very busy and it does get busy. 
The wait for food can be long but once it comes you might overlook it. I typically get the Seed flatbread. Original and very tasty. It's easy to get full. Large portions can probably feed 2-3 people. 
Naturally, beer goes well with flatbread and they have a nice selection of craft beers.i love this place...the flatbread is always sooooo good and the ceasar salad is a great appetizer to split....it's pretty generous.
favorite flatbread so far is the hunter...the turkey sausage is awesome.Great place for pizza,  beer list never disappoints.   Service is always upbeat and friendly.   Had our last anniversary dinner hear with champagne served,  very reasonably priced and the atmosphere was perfect.Amazing - in a one word summary. New take on delicious pizza and refreshing soft drinks. Interesting decorations and intriguing and unique menu design. Will return.Changing my 3 stars to 2 stars on account of the jerky owner lady. Pizza is good, beer is good, owner is one of the most unfriendly people ever. We went with a group of friends for a birthday lunch. A group of about 12 people. We all had lunch entrees, appetizers and drinks. Our guest of honor opened a few gifts. We were not loud, we were not drunk we were polite , spending $ and having a good time. Until the owner decided that she was sick of us ( I don't know why?) and told us that we were " taking up space, and to wrap it up". How effing RUDE? 
I like the place and the food, but will never recommend this place to any of my friends, family or associates ever again. Out of principle. To the owner: if you do not like your customers, then I suggest you get out of the service industry. With a poor attitude like that, your business is going to fail.3.5 yelps. Roasted Brussels sprouts, thyme, pumpkin seeds with balsamic reduction flatbread was a delicious vegan option here for me! Hearty and flavorful. A tad limp though (probably because of all of the deliciousness!) 
Pomegranate lime sorbet for a tangy, sweet vegan dessert. 
Homemade brews for all. Lots to choose from! 
Chili sea salt edamame for the table. Love the addition of the chili. 
Wheat berry arugula salad and classic Caesar salads to start were decent. 
S'mores flatbread for their dessert which they said was amazing 
The guys had "The Cave Man" flatbreads. You can imagine what that was like. They liked them. 
Causal double date night was a success at Earth Bread & Brewery. Casual, laid back vibes with earthy decor heavy on the wood. 
Parking was easy right out front on a Saturday night. 
Negatives would be: Service was lacking but I have. A feeling he wasn't there too long after. He seemed uninterested. And we were seated by the door and freezing every time someone opened it. I believe they did have a curtain, it was just pinned back for some reason. Hmmmm  
We would give it another go when in the area, but I'm not sure we would head up from city just for it again.
Dined Feb 2015Great staff. Beers always rotating, owners on site all the time.  Love the sustainable build out.Pluses-The beer was delish and hit the spot. And its a 5 minute walk from my house. 
Minuses-Waiting 45 mins for a small pizza when you are ordering from the bar and not the table. Super limited menu offerings. I think the dessert was a cookie. Most places at least offer the obligatory Fudge Sunday. An ridiculous amount of children ages 2 to 12. . This is a brewery???
The Seed Pizza is great as has been stated by several fellow Yelpers, its was offered as a sample.
But I chose to build my own and I am not sure why it was so complex for me to basically order a white pizza with cheese and roasted onion. 
After 45 mins that pizza should have been mouthwateringly delicious it was just okay.
I have no problem with a place having a family atmosphere. But a brewery?? Who brings their children to a brewery?? The bartender seemed offly harried and stand offish for the place to not be spectacularly busy. From what I could tell there was a bar upstairs as well.
There should be 2 boards with the beer listings and if they want to do it right they should take a page from Monk's book and have a mini beer reference for those of us who aren't completely familiar with the bottled beers behind the counter.  And Why does the Bar STOP so abruptly , it should wrap around. 
Atmosphere: The atmosphere was VERY waspy, chestnut hilly, which was surprising considering you go to any of the establishments on the same block and they are quite culturally and economically diverse. I am not a huge fan of places where the only brown or beige face you see is working in the kitchen or busing tables. I was the only non white patron for about 40 minutes.  There were some random hipsters that came in and they seemed out of their element as well. They sat beside me. LOL 
I had 2 beers and a pizza for 16 dollars which was not bad considering I can go to places and only get 2 beers and some fries for that much. 
If I need a beer and don't want to go to the bar half a block down the street. MAYBE I will go to Earth Bread Brewery. But it just gives me the feeling a place I might go to on a day when my mom came into town and we didn't want to drive to get a meal.WOW. 
We came here after dinner at Iron Hill Brewery.. we heard from two gentleman at the bar that there is an event on Tuesdays called "kick the keg", we ventured over after dinner (we each had two drinks at Iron Hill and ubered to be on the safe side) we coincidentally ran into a bartender that my boyfriend knew. She served us each one drink, and three waters total. We then ventured upstairs to play ping pong, have another drink. We got upstairs to find the bar manager bartending. Unfortunately because we were not regulars, we were not allowed to order another drink. Unfortunately for the bar manager he didn't know who he was serving. 
I write a lot of reviews for people in their early 20's to mid 30's. These people are looking for bartenders who are open to new comers and are nonjudgmental of their first appearance in a bar. 
This bar manager refused us another drink based solely on the fact that he didn't know us. Not because we seemed intoxicated, not because we were slurring our words, not because we were sloppy, because he didn't know us. 
Don't waste your time at this bar. I will never be a patron here again. I have had much better times at Iron Hill Brewery with their fantastic bar tenders who are caring and pay attention to each individual order, as well as El Poquito. Unfortunately these bars are not open as late, if you are looking for a better bar open later, McMenamins is the place to go. Friendly bar service, no judgement and great people to sit at the bar with. 
Earth Bread + Brewery is dead to me along with everyone who follows me. 
PS
The ONLY reason this place got two stars was because of their VERY friendly and charismatic bartender on the first floor. She was amazing. Stole the show. Only good thing that stood out tonight.Whenever I have out-of-town guests, I love to bring them to this place! AWESOME flatbreads, and although their menu is small, it changes continuously so there is always something new to try. The toppings are delightfully creative and always delicious, and their house-made ice creams can't be beat! The waitstaff is fabulous. My only complaint is that during peak hours it tends to be VERY loud in the dining area. They seriously need to invest in some better acoustic paneling! At times it is impossible to have a conversation across the table with the ambient volume overpowering us, even when shouting to each another. Otherwise, this place is the best in town! Always a favorite.I would give Earth Bread 5 stars if the service was better and they offered takeout. Prepare to spend some time here. The service is very nice, but extremely slow. I would love if they offered take-outs for nights when I don't have time to sit in the restaurant.
The food is excellent! They only do a few things, but they do them very well. The seed flatbread is awesome. Definitely try the homemade sodas. Great beer selection.This place is amazing. I would absolutely come here everyday if I lived near by. The food is off the charts and it's not something you will find anywhere else. It's a must try!!!!First and foremost, do not go here if u are very hungry or in a rush. I have been at least six times and the service is consistently slow. From what I gather, the place is not run by folks with  food industry expertise, some of the managers seem very lacking ie. assigning servers to tables on two different floors, ( one table being a ten top!), or assigning the bartender to a table on a crowded night...
 But I keep going back! Because the food is very tasty, good beer, very warm atmosphere and close to my home.  So, as long as you know what you're in for, it's worth it to catch up w a friend or have an unhurried night w your sweetie!Eh. This place is sort of an overblown pizza place. Their "flatbreads" are basically just hipster pizza. The menu is surprisingly limited, and not overly impressive. Also, the service is pretty dismal. We went on a night that wasn't crowded in the least, yet we barely saw our waiter. The saving graces are the alcohol selection and the layout of the restaurant. The inside of the restaurant is cozy and cool.Lovely and delicious flatbreads and great beer selection. We had the Chicken Korma flatbread, which is one of my favorite Indian dishes turned into a flatbread. It had just the right amount of spiciness. It was creamy, nutty, and full of flavor. We also got a special flatbread, it had Mexican flavors - potatoes, cilantro, black beans. We also tried the coffee black bean hummus served with pita and crudite. Everything was delicious and the service was fantastic. Will definitely be back.Eh, I thought this place was kinda mediocre for what they were serving.  There were some pros and cons.
Pros:  They do their own beer.  It's pretty tasty and they do some interesting ones.  They have a smoky beer that tastes like you just sucked on a meat smoker.   And the other ones are good too.  They also use fresh ingredients in all their food.  
Cons:  For a pizza place thats trying to be inventive, im not really impressed.  It seemed very run of the mill, and it didnt separate itself from other places.  I went there within the first couple weeks it was open, so maybe things have changed up.My boyfriend and I have become regulars here. Always impressed with every flatbread we try. Great vibes and plenty of delicious home brewed beer to choose from! Cheers!!Great Mt. Airy neighborhood spot.  Stick to a flat bread and beer and you're guaranteed a good experience.  There are also local artist paintings on the walls which give it a great touch.Apartment hunting on V-Day with my girl and friends from Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill, ultimately graduated to dinner here.  Was not disappointed.  
It's a bit snug, but space is at a premium in that district, so it goes w/out saying.  They've done very well for themselves for good reason(s).  
Moving on: 4 flat bread pizzas (Caveman and Seed are particularly recommended) and a random beer (Raspberry Stout 13oz, $6, one of the best stouts I've ever had).  
The menus rooted in the children's books were novel, too, definitely a clever way to lighten the mood and keep things personable/friendly per their otherwise intimate but casual atmosphere here.  Staff was first rate, too, which is saying something given that this was a VERY high traffic time (Sat, prime time, particularly on a busy holiday).The made-in-house beers are creative and great.  If those aren't to your liking, the guest beers almost always have a few options to hit the spot.  The flatbreads are awesome.  The space is fantastic.  The owners and servers could not be nicer.  It's amazingly kid friendly.  One of my favorite spots in Philly.  Great place to be a regular.   It makes me miss Mt. Airy.Very original flavors at this neighborhood gem. It doesn't get better than the Seed Pizza! Unique menus keep the table entertained even after orders are taken. While it is hard to not eat it all in one seating, I love taking home leftovers in just foil - no styrofoam or plastic for the landfill.This review is for the bar only.
RIP Inglesea!  Every time I come back east, Mt Airy is more and more boho.  I'm not complaining because when I come back east I don't have a car, so any place in walking distance is A-OK by me.  But -- still quite a shocker to walk into the former Underage Express and find a very, well, Chestnut Hill type of establishment.  But microbrews!  
Actually, their homemade brew is pretty average -- the ESB has the most to offer at this point -- but they have other favorites on draft and there's nothing wrong with that (even if McMenamin's has them beat on that front too).  Added bonus:  since this place is new, all kinds of folks are hanging out there, so cancel that 'just for fun' speed dating night and bring your friends here instead.Their beer was pretty good, and the cheeseboard, while not large, was tasty. It came with a lovely tomato jam, which I'd never had before but definitely liked. I had the Seed flatbread, which was flavorful. The others at the table were also tasty. The smaller flatbread is large enough for one person; I was comfortably full but not stuffed after one small one, some of the cheese, and a 13-oz beer. The upstairs is spacious, and the service was friendly and quick.The desert and beer choices are tops, and the homemade soda is good too. When I went we got three different flatbreads and none of them really impressed and on one I'd go as far to say it wasn't any good. The service was... terse. It was nice enough that I'd return there on a whim however. The decor is a little inconsistent but the atmosphere is nice and subtle.So, when we went, there was a teacher's meeting going on. I got the impression that they were busier than usual but they handled it well. We say at a two top with an attachment to hold the pizza up. It was obtrusive abbot. I couldn't see my husband so I didn't like that so much but not a deal breaker. We ordered the brussel sprout salad and the mushroom lover flatbread. Both were delicious! The brussel sprouts we expected to be a warm salad but it was cold. Cranberries in it were the classic pairing. Done very well. The mushroom flatbread was yummy. You can tell it's done in a brick oven. Nice charred parts. I liked the shiitake on it. Some kinda garlic aioli on it. All good. My favorite....dessert. I love bread pudding like your 80 year old grandma and the bread pudding they had was to die for. Gooey, yummy caramel sauce over top. I would eat that every day if I could.Gonna keep this one simple... one of my favorite spots. Inviting, chill, and dimly lit.(downstairs) The owners are nice, knowledgeable, and the staff is great.
Earth is very earth friendly... love it.
There's always something for almost anyone on pour at any given time. I think they really excel at darker styles and would have to say that the doppel bock (2bok4sure?) they made was probably my favorite example of that style I've ever had.
BONUS... they also carry some select sipping spirits and their prices are outstanding. $9 for a 2 ounce pour of Ron Zacappa = Earth rocks!I enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant as soon as I walked in and was surprised and happy to see that they served not only the homemade beer I knew about, but also homemade sodas and kombucha! I was impressed with their general mission statement on the back of the menus so I started out on a positive note. 
We had to wait a little while to order, but this was expected with such a large restaurant that was relatively crowded for a Tuesday night (which happened to be a great night to be there as they had Great Lakes IPA for only $2!) The pizza was delicious, the crust was to die for - incredibly flavorful and crispy. 
However, I was quite disappointed with the beers. I got the Bread+Circus APA, which I was very excited for after seeing it was brewed with the same house yeast they use in the breads. Though it seemed as if the yeast strain couldn't stand up to the alcohol as the beer was FAR too sweet and reminded more of a dubbel, trippel, or even slightly of an eisbock... perhaps there were hints of an APA somewhere under all that sweetness. My friend got the Rose Farmhouse Ale which was much more true to it's style, and though it wasn't fantastic, it was pretty good for a restaurant brewing their own beer - which I've come to be somewhat doubtful of.
The desserts were delicious, though seemed small even after I had read that they were quite small. Not too badly priced, though.
Overall, I would go here again to get some more delicious pizza, try their kombucha, and perhaps try another beer and hope for something a little more exciting.
If I had the choice, I would have given 3.5 stars, but gave 4 for the fact that they seem to care about sustainability and being eco-friendly.All things fermented! Beer! Bread! Cheese! Pizza! Cool old building. Fun place to eat and drink. Food and beer are both better then you would expect for the neighborhood, it's always busy. Parking can be difficult but at least it's free(street)Funky cool decor. Happy servers. I should go more often.Great food, great beer, great atmosphere, great place!
Always love coming to Earth Bread. They have extremely unique brews and even more unique pizza's. I got a pierogi pizza last time. Pretty much as amazing as it sounds. I've never had to wait for a table, and always had quick service. It's not cheap pizza, but it's definitely worth every penny. They're homemade ice cream is great as well! The food and drinks are amazing, will recommend Earth Bread to everyone.
Two reasons they haven't earned a 5 is their staff and their hours. They tend to be uninformed about the beers/ pizza's that are currently being offered. Last time I got someone who I wasn't sure had ever eaten there before. And they only open for dinner (around 4, i think). Tried to come here for lunch one day and was rather surprised that they weren't open yet. Went to wawa instead.
The atmosphere is very cool. Lots of neat paintings on the wall.
Overall, definitely will return!Fresh everything, great service, unique atmosphere -- definitely a winner in my book!I have been to this place many times as I live in the neighborhood.  I have to say the service, food and beer are consistently good.  The fact they source from local farms, etc. and the food is fresh is important to me.  They make their own kombucha.  Their selection of beer, including their own is great.  The space is welcoming and is also family friendly.  I keep meaning to stop by when they offer live music, but have yet to do so.   One of these days!  They don't have an extensive menu, but offer something for everyone, including vegetarians.  Sometimes offering too much can be overwhelming.  If you are in the neighborhood, give them a try.  Even for one of their brick oven Za's!Walk away from this place feeling good about yourself. The prefect blend of brew and za. The brew has the prefect scent that stimulates your tastebuds in the most powerful way.The za = palate pleasing, creative and worth at trip. Will definitely be back!Flatbread is really good. The Caesar salad was awful. Of the two house brews they were both pretty disappointing. The guest brews were chosen well. The hostess upstairs was rude. The waiter Bernard was truly excellent. He was without a doubt the savior of the night. When he heard we were unhappy with the initial impressions, he went out of his way to make us happy. If it weren't for him, I probably wouldn't go back.I like going to Earth, but I wish they didn't stop serving food at 9:30. I'm assuming they have a good reason for not serving past 9:30, but to me it feels a bit early, especially if you will be doing some late night drinking, it's really nice to have a pizza to help absorb those high ABV beers.
That said, when I do get there in time, the seed pizza is by far the best. I like to get it and eat at one of the tables in the bar area- the sit down service has been a little bit disappointing. (Slow, erratic, food coming out cold or not at all).
Another reason I prefer to go on the later side of things is that there are so many children running around earlier on in the evening that it almost feels out of control. A friend and I went there for "happy hour" a few months ago and there were children running all over the place, even in the bar area where we were because that's where their parents were hanging out. Maybe Earth can designate a "family" waiting area, where parents can still get drinks but the children are a little more contained. 
Overall though, Earth has been a great addition to Mt. Airy, especially for a 20 something resident of the area like myself. It's a MUCH better "hangout" than McMenamins down the street.I've eaten here twice and both times the food was delicious. I really enjoyed the atmosphere though it did get a bit loud so it was difficult to hold a conversation. The servers have always been friendly and accommodating. I would highly recommend visiting.I really liked this place.  
Had the summer flat bread with squash and a bunch of other stuff.  Was delicious.  Couldn't get enough.
The Quacker had duck confit and cherries and balsamic (I believe?).  This one was good but a tad rich for me.  I ate one piece and was perfectly satisfied.
The mac and cheese flatbread was a bit much for me......too heavy.
Salad was a goat cheese balsamic with pecans.  Very pedestrian but very good.
Excellent beer list.  
Service was on it.
I would recommend this place.  Good food for a good price.A staple of the neighborhood, proud to be a regular. The dessert flatbread is a must have!Unique beers..  bartender was very friendly and had some great tips for us as we were visiting the city...Earth Bread is a great reason to head over to Mt. Airy. There is a bar on the first and second floor, and the place brews its own beer. This is almost becoming a staple in Philly... but theirs is a great selection. If you're not a fan of microbrews, they also have "guest" beers on the menu.
There are always interesting specials, and so many vegan/vegetarian options. Service can leave a little be desired (simply because they get very busy) but the staff is generally helpful and kind. The flat breads are awesome, doughy yet crispy with fresh ingredients atop.This place is pretty good.
The beer is solid. Not the best, but drinkable and well made. I've found that their IPAs are their weak point, but other styles are pretty competitive with similar concepts.
Service has always been very good. 
Their flatbreads are to die for. Absolutely amazing. Definitely spring for them, they are pretty reasonably priced as well!I've been here for dinner twice now, and although the service has been consistently stellar (lovely people!) and you can't beat the $2 kick-the-keg deals on Tuesday, the food has been mixed. 
1st visit: a large Earth pizza (tomato sauce, onion, fresh mozz, garlic olive oil, basil, fresh greens) was good and filling (enough for two of us for dinner, although we're small eaters).  It did need a little seasoning, but was decent. NOT the best pizza in Philly, but totally solid. 
2nd visit: we ordered the collard greens & kim chi dip (vegan special) and the cheese plate. The dip was... interesting. Tangy, fermented, vinegary, yummy on the soft bread provided (there were also some veggies included).  Healthy!  A decent appetizer. But the cheese plate... was incredibly disappointing. $12 for three slivers of cheese (I'm not exaggerating when I say it was less than a total of 1 ounce of cheese!), a few grapes, 1/3 a granny smith apple (not fresh), some weird jam, and a few walnuts.  NOT. WORTH. IT.  We both left hungry and with our wallets much lighter than expected.  
Take home: AVOID THE CHEESE PLATE. The pizza is decent. Some of the stranger sides may be worth checking out.Had wanted to try this place for a while, and so glad I finally did! Went with a friend who has dietary restrictions and waitstaff was more than accommodating. We got 2 pizzas & hummus along with some beer. Prices were good and food/beer delicious. In my years of dining out, our waiter Omar was probably one of the best waiters I've ever had! Make sure you stop in if you're in the area!They have both traditional and very unique pizzas. Crust is great (I don't usually eat pizza crust). Service is just ok (they are very nice, but not very attentive)I love the atmosphere and the food here. The seed is my favorite pizza! They are very kind to my young daughters and have worked to accommodate one with various food allergies. Fun for a date night or family night out!This  Pizza is absolutely the BEST I've had in the Mt. Airy area thus far... Cozy atmosphere, great customer service, and QUICK! The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because of the size of the large (moreso a medium), but other than that AMAZING PIZZA, can't wait to try their specialties  (only ordered a pepperoni)!!I hate to give any Mt. Airy small business a bad review. But I ate here three times prior to reviewing, and I have to be honest. The first two times the food was great and the service was decent, but the last time was so terrible that it knocked this review down to two stars. 
I'll say it again to be fair: the beers are great, the beer selection is wonderful and changes often, and the flatbreads are really, really good. I've had some appetizers here like soup, salad, edamame, cheese, and olives and they've always been tasty. 
But this third time...first, I ordered an olive appetizer which was way different than it had been before. Before, it had been a small, tasty serving of various olives. This time, it was a large bowl of completely tasteless olives. I actually sent it back, and I have NEVER sent back a dish in any restaurant. The waiter seemed surprised and made me explain myself several times, which I didn't think was necessary. But whatever, I had a delicious flatbread coming.
Except that it never came. All of my dining companions received their food and were nearly finished by the time we even got an explanation. In fact, it seemed as if the waiter was avoiding us. Finally he came over and said that there was a "mix up" and the pizza would be out in mere minutes. Well, it wasn't mere minutes, but it finally came. I received an apology from two waitstaff about it, and the offer of a free dessert.
Well, okay. I can accept that. I ordered the banana chocolate chip bread pudding. And it took FOREVER to come out. It became comical. I assume they only had to heat it. It took so long that we were just amused at that point. And when it arrived, it was very, very burnt. I received a burnt end. 
I try not to hate on anything "free," but when your free comped dessert takes forever to arrive and is BURNT, what is one to do?
Two out of three weren't bad, but they weren't good either.The beer list is good. The food is good in that it's local, organic, real ingredients but the offerings aren't extensive. This is a good place to take a casual date or a low key pizza and beer night, lots to talk about (art on the walls from local artists, interesting beer, unique authentic food). However, it's not overly impressive. Just a good option and reasonably price. They have quizzo and music so there is something to do late nights.
Also- 21st Amendment's Hell or High Watermelon in a can is the perfect summer beer option :)Wow. This place is amazing. I came here with friends before a play at the Sedgwick Theater next door. It was almost as good as the show itself, no joke! I love how the menus are taped inside of children's books.
The beer on tap is really unique and delicious. I ordered Luther's Rose--in honor of Martin Luther himself--and it was divine! Only in Germantown, am I right?
We also sampled two of the flatbreads, which were both scrumptious. For the record, these are basically like pizza so don't be surprised by your order. Even the sauce was delicious; it must be homemade. The edamame was surprisingly good as well, for a restaurant that doesn't have the slightest affiliation to Japanese cuisine. To finish off, we scarfed down the (yummy) house bread pudding five minutes before the show and ran out the door!
I really must say, the service made the experience here. Several waiters stopped by our table, in addition to our original host. They were all friendly and very funny. I felt so at home here, and I can't wait to return!Mt Airy is one of the best gems of Philly. With that being said, this place is just one of the many reasons as to why! Earth has terrific grub and service. I would rank them as a lunch spot, where you can also enjoy delicious brews. Menu is flatbread heavy, but they are always delicious. When I am in the area, I always try to make time for Earth and sometimes even leave with growler :)Big fan of this place and regular visitor, so this review is well overdue. 
Don't expect to go in and order a miller light while watching a sports game because they do not have TVs nor will they ever serve you a miller light...which I appreciate.
But what you can expect is a relaxing atmosphere at a unique brewery with knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating staff.  Simple food menu and great place to go with family (kid friendly) or on a first date. They don't offer reservations so if you're going for dinner on a Friday night, plan to have a beer, look at the local art work and wait a few minutes before you are seated.  
They offer beer, wine, bourbon and homemade sodas mainly. Handful of house beers and handful of crafts- try the house beers though, the brewer knows what he's doing! Delicious flat breads, salads and apps - all of which is reasonably priced. My favorite flat breads are the Black-White and the Seed (i literally crave these) - and the weekly flat bread special is always a good option too. 
They have some really good beer specials during the week (Mondays happy hour specials all night long, Tuesday $2 kick the keg night, Thursdays guest brewery keep the pint nights, etc.). And they have some cool events upstairs (from wine tasting, to ping pong, to live bands, etc.).     
Oh and the t-shirts are seriously the most comfortable shirts ever - you should buy one.
If you are looking for a place for dinner and drinks in this area, definitely go to Earth - you wont regret it!!I know that people love it here, and I will start by saying that the "flatbreads" (aka rustic/brickoven pizzas) are DELICIOUS. Before  yesterday I had only eaten here once and I had some kind of allergic reaction to something in a salad and my tongue actually swelled up, so I wasn't psyched to go again. But that was a while ago, so I agreed to go for my husband's birthday dinner, at his request, with our 9- and 13-yo kids.
Here's what we experienced while dining in:
-First of all, it's about 1,000 degrees in there. I was literally sweating the whole time, and even my 9yo daughter was hot (she's never hot).
-It's very dark--now, I do wear glasses, and I am in my mid-40s, but really. I had trouble reading the menu!
-It's very loud--all wood everything, nothing to absorb sound.
-Service was terrible--left us hanging for long periods of time, even though it wasn't crowded and there seemed to be many servers just milling about doing nothing. Our server was also the bartender--just not a good staffing plan!
-My daughter wanted a mozzarella cheese-only pizza, but they put it in as a 4-cheese pizza so it came w/ ricotta and scallions all over it; luckily my son and I liked it, and they took it off our check and did make her a mozzarella-only one pretty quickly, and she liked that.
-The menu is so lame! They literally have a few appetizers, a few salads, and a list of flatbreads--but for a place that only offers them as their main dishes, they don't have a huge selection. Big beer selection though...
-They're supposedly family-friendly, but they don't have a kids' menu (although the regular menus are presented in old children's picture books), and the only kid-friendly thing on the menu is the plan flatbread/pizza (just mozzarella and sauce).
-The kids and I got there before my husband, so we ordered their cheese plate appetizer, which, for $10, consisted of: a 4" x 1/2" piece of Gruyere (including some rind that had to be removed, so it was smaller than that actually), a similar sized piece of something Swiss-ish, and a smaller piece of like a smoked Gouda or something--that was it for cheese. Then it had 4 small round pieces of bread, a handful of grapes, an incongruously large pile of walnuts, and a little pot of warm honey. Even for just one person it would have been pretty scant. But again--it was actually delicious!!
I think that's it. And like I said, the pizzas themselves were really yummy! I had one w/ red sauce, fresh mozzarella, 3 kinds of mushrooms, and super-crispy bacon. Hubby had one w/ several cheeses, figs, arugula, and some other stuff. And the 4-cheese w/ scallion one was good, too (no sauce). But apparently they don't encourage takeout because their oven is small and "our eat-in customers take priority." So, I guess so much for that.I have been hearing good things about earth bread + brewery and it lived up to, and exceeded, my expectations. the laid-back, earthy atmosphere of the restaurant makes for an enjoyable experience, and the beer and food were phenomenal. I highly recommend the beer & cheese soup - it's the best I've had - and all of the flatbreads are great. I had the garden flatbread and was satisfied - I ordered the full size and brought half of it home. the beers are great too, and only $5/$6.50 for 13/20 oz sizes. the service was a little bit slow considering the majority of what they serve is flatbreads.. but I am giving them a 5-star rating because all of their food is organic and homemade. I will absolutely be back!Bartender not so friendly and only 3 beers tapped.  No flights.  I don't get being a brewery and only having 3 beers.  Also the bartender acted as if we weren't here.  No personality.  No thanks.Stopped by to try the flatbreads everyone had been raving about and sample some of their beers. We split up a few different flatbreads after a hike in Valley Green where we worked up a good appetite. They did not disappoint. The beers were ok for the most part. They lacked some flavor, other than the ESB they had on which was quite tasty. Upstairs restaurant has a nice homey feel and the bar area is very nice. I would definitely stop by again next time I'm in Mt Airy.This is my local pizza joint. Yes, my life is hard. 
I go all the time and it's always good. I went recently, and unbelievably, it has improved. I had the Caveman. Wonderful.  My friend had the Southern Exposure, which was even better. Hers was better because they put coleslaw on it. How can that be bad? I'm sure you can tell that I am not a pizza purist. I'm all for unconventional combinations. 
By the way, one of the owners is a member of our local community garden, so that she has access to the best, freshest basil all summer long. That's commitment. 
Great, local, craft beer.  Many flavors. Also wine, which I prefer.This is good pizza. I won't call this flatbread, even though that's what it's marketed as. Despite cutting it into trendy rectangular slices it still looks and tastes like a pizza. 
I had the caveman 'flatbread', which is covered in an assortment of meats. It was quite tasty, and despite the numerous toppings all the flavors came together quite well. I really liked the crust, as it was a good blend of crispy and doughy textures. The sauce is forgettable, but since everything else comes together well it doesn't matter all that much.
On the day I went they had an interesting beer that was brewed with sorel mushrooms called Walls and Bridges. Never before have I had a mushroom beer, and really I might never again. It was an interesting savory flavor, the mushroom notes were heavy. The beer itself wasn't too dark or alcoholic, but due to the rich taste it's not a beer you could drink much of. I also had a pale ale that had been brewed with peppercorns. That beer was very average and therefore unremarkable, but at least it wasn't an unpleasant experience. They certainly get an A for effort in terms of their small brewery here, but I will have to try more brews to see if they tend to produce more good beer than bad.
I'll be back in the future for the pizza and beer here, because who doesn't like pizza and beer right? They do this classic pair well, even with their own little spin on it.not a lot has changed for the better at earth bread + brewery.  and you know, i live damn far away.  i think this marks my last uphill mt airy-bound bike expedition to source an increasingly-disappointing seed pizza (flatbread). 
first of all, the hostess, servers and food runners are dumb as bricks and they couldn't care less.  the hostess looked at me like i had two heads when i asked her to not sit us next to the 10-top of screaming, climbing munchkins.  why is earth bread + BREWERY so packed full of unparented children?  (see my last review from 3 years ago.)  common sense 101 for the hostess: a couple on a date does NOT want to sit next to little johnny's 5th birthday party.  i shouldn't even have to state this.  you have two floors.  make use of them.  
our server struggled so hard to open our wine i wanted to reach over and do it for her.  instead she took it to the bartender to open.  she also had no clue about the menu - it was obvious she'd never tried any of it.  really?  so we TOTALLY struck out with the hummus trio.  it was overly cold (too refrigerated), had zero flavor and not enough bread.  we also struck out on the special pizza - something autumnal, with brussell sprouts and squash, i think.  not i'm not sure: it was blackened to a crisp.  i was busy talking to my date when they sat it down; didn't look at it right at first so i didn't notice the char until i smelled it.  the burning smell caused me to look at our food, and realize we were served a black saucer.  we wanted to sent it right back, but no server or runner would make eye contact.  eventually it went back, and out came the manager with: our pizza is supposed to have the char bubbles; perhaps next time you can ask them to not cook it for so long.  oh get off it.  i know what a pizza is supposed to look like.  this one was 100% charred, including the squash, a pretty difficult vegetable to burn.  i should have dared him to eat it.  its replacement still came out too dark, but by that point we'd established that flavor combination just didn't work for pizza anyway, and called it a bust.  next up came our seed pizza, which was also too dark.  and i LIKE well-done pizza!   
our wine and food were long gone, and we were waiting for our bill forever.  it took so long, i just handed over my credit card without looking at it, before our server could disappear for another eternity (at this point, a table of kids had been seated next to us; we just wanted outta there).  she proceeds to keep my credit card for 20 minutes as i'm getting increasingly cranky and annoyed.  finally the card comes back - and she's charged me for the next table's food, not ours.  but she's off again, and i can't get her attention.  i looked at the bill, decided it was certainly less than what we'd spent anyway, signed it and went to sit at the downstairs bar for another drink and to give them time to realize and correct their mistake.  they never did.  they just have their shit together that little.
i'm giving them a break with two stars because they have a good concept.  the beers are good, wines are reasonably priced and good, and the seed pizza is good (though decreasingly so).  this place needs to examine their kitchen staff and just totally fire the entire front of house, with the exception of the downstairs bartender (pete?).  he was cool.  knowledgeable, friendly, excited about beer.  
anyway, overall - so, so, SO disappointing, earth bread + brewery.  i know you were one of the first fancy-topping pizza houses in the city, but with places like zavino and stella and nomad arriving on the scene... you've been outdone.Nice space. Good wine and beer selection. Yummy flatbreads with interesting flavors. I also had the special salad of the night (mozzarella & tomato), which was delicious and fresh. The service wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, either. I still plan to return.Well, it's been a while since I've commented on this place and I've been here a few times in the interim. In fairness to Earth, my opinion has softened and they've improved significantly over the last couple of years.
The beer's better. The staff have learned to be better servers. While I don't choose to go here regularly, I do think this place has its niche and it is a good addition to the neighborhood.
Very child friendly. Still reasonably priced. Not fabulous, but definitely good and continually working at it.We finally got to try this place after hearing about it for a while.  I was nervous because of all of the lackluster reviews, but I love flatbread pizza so I wanted to give it a try.  Our group had a really good experience and I'm not really sure why people are so negative.
The food:  We ordered a house salad, edamame, a large traditional pizza, a small seed pizza and a small sausage pizza to share between 4 people.  We all thought everything was really good.  I was nervous about the seed pizza being too seedy from the description, but it was excellent.  The traditional pizza comes with greens on top that may seem strange, but if you don't eat them with the pizza you're missing out.  The salad had a good amount of goat cheese and dried cranberries and could have had a few more pecans, but overall it was really yummy.  
The beer:  I had the house Saison and tried the porter.  I'm not usually much of a beer drinker, but they were both really good.  I agree with other posters that more explanations of the house brewed beers would be nice, as well as menus or a second chalkboard at the far end of the bar. I was surprised when I asked for a description of a certain beer that I wasn't offered a sample before ordering - usually most places will do that.
The service: Here's where I deducted a star.  Note to people who work in the service industry -  if you don't like dealing with the public, don't be a bartender.  After a chilly initial reception at the bar, the rest of the staff was pleasant enough, but they could step it up a notch on the hospitality front.
Overall I was impressed and would definitely go back again.  I agree they could have more options on the menu, but I would be happy to eat the same meal I had a bunch more times.Once again a wonderful evening at EBB!  Food is great and predictable and the beer is always on point.  Can't recommend this place more, please go and enjoy!best thing about this place is its laid back Mount Airy vibe -- definitely my favorite place to drink beer with my kids (the kids don't actually drink the beer ... you know what i mean).  seed pizza is my favorite -- pizza is very good, beer ranges from OK to excellent (get the French Farmhouse Ale) -- worth getting a taste before trying something new.Great flat breads & hummus.  Nice beer selection & tasty home made soda.Their pizza is insanely delicious and the environment is cozy sophisticated. The beer selection was perfect as well which included a lot of unusual beer selections. My waitress, Kasia, was really friendly and had a lot of excellent suggestions of food to try, too. This is my new go-to place to eat in Philly!Gotta be one of the best pizza places in Mt. Airy. Interesting combinations and flavors that make ordering a pizza fun! It's not heavy and the ingredients are top quality. We've been there twice with friends and we can't wait to go back again and again. Love it!!The "flatbreads" (looks like pizza to me) are pretty tasty...and they have a decent draft menu...its a good 2nd choice to McMenamins.I've only ever been here for breakfast on Sundays, and I've only ever eaten their breakfast flatbread. Now it's one of my favorite things ever. Their mimosas are really good, too.Grabbed a late dinner here on a Thursday . Casual ambience, we ate upstairs which I imagine could be loud if it was full. Nice waitstaff, attentative. We stayed right up to closing and they weren't trying to rush us out. We had the trio of hummus appetizer which were all delicious and flavorful, my only complaint is that for the amount of hummus (which was generous) there wasn't enough bread or veggies. I had the Continental flat bread which was sweet and bacony with the slight bitterness/ peppery flavor. Crust was thin and super crisp. Prices and service very reasonableEarth Bread + Brewery has a great rotating selection of beers - and many of them have an interesting creative element to them.  Other beverages include house-brewed sodas and sometimes kombucha.
The flatbreads are often even more inventive,  with so many different flavor combinations that I always have a hard time choosing one.I love this place.  The beer selection rotates frequently and they often brew styles of beer that aren't very common.  The flatbreads have a lot of creative toppings, and the staff are always super friendly.  I've been here well over a hundred times and have always enjoyed my experience.Great pizza and good beers on tap. While their pepperoni/sausage pizza was good, the nashville hot chicken was better by far. Incredibly unique pizza - the hot chicken would have been great alone too I'm sure!Have been to Earth a few times now, really enjoy the casual vibe here. Went last night with friends and was impressed, as usual. 
Ordered a cheese pizza and Cesar salad to share with my daughters. Others ordered the Vegan Thai pizza and another person with us ordered the mushroom pizza. Everything was good. 
They have their own list of pre made cocktails (I had a Cosmos; a vodka concoction, tasty!) wine and beer. 
The service was friendly and while a little slow, still very good. 
Love that they had a Science guy with a table to entertain the littles with us; gooey worm experiment and painting with shaving cream. Fun!We've been dining here for brunch and dinner for a while. The flatbreads are great, but everything else is "meh." I would suggest avoiding any of their weird salads or appetizers. The cheese plate is disappointingly small for the price - $12 (it's meant for 1 person, perhaps). I am not a beer drinker but my boyfriend is a homebrewer and always has comments about the beer (not in a good way). 
Lastly, the service is poor at Earth Bread. They will often deliver the wrong flatbread to you and then whisk it away immediately realizing their mistake. The staff often look confused and overwhelmed. Perhaps if they had a numbering system for tables it would help? I don't know. I've dined here so many times it's obvious there is no logic to their madness. Please don't get me wrong, the staff are all very pleasant and easy to talk to. 
So? I still come here because the food is mostly good, sometimes they have good music and it's a convenient location to meet up with friends. Avoid here at brunch since they are even more overwhelmed.I had a friend coming into town and wanted to take him to a place that had good food and was environmentally friendly. I was stumped. Not a whole lot of that in Glenside and the area.
My wife recommended Earth Bread and Brewery. What a great call! 
I took my friend there and we each had a beer while we waited for our table. I was disappointed there were no stouts available although that is understandable as the weather is still warm. Our beers were good and I especially appreciate that you can buy them in small quantities and that they list the alcohol percentages. 
My friend and I each enjoyed our salads. Mine was a spinach and quinoa special. It came with this raspberry vinaigrette that was out of this world. Between that and the awesome lemon vinaigrette at Anne's Kitchen Table, I swear I now live in the salad-dressing capitol of the world.
But the real winner came when my flatbread arrived. The "Joe" is as they say, just like a pizza. But here's the thing: its as good as Osteria and it costs about half what they charge. This thing was reminiscent of the pies that emerge from best coal ovens in New York City like at John's on Bleecker. I can't believe that there is a place this close to me that does pizza this well and I didn't even realize.
Bravo, Earth Bread + Brewery! You are my new go-to for bringing friends in from out of town and for pizza in the Philadelphia area!After trying every flatbread they can throw at me they are well worth a full count review.  Bonus points to their hummus and bread pudding...god their bread pudding is amaze-balls.Earth is one of my favorite neighborhood spots (also good for non-locals, there is a free parking lot right next to it). The food is wonderful, the daily specials are usually really good. The regular menu is also very consistent. The only thing that fell a little short was the white bean dip (a little bland). Their house beers are hit or miss - sometimes awesome, sometimes a little too "unique." However, they always have great guest beers on tap and the prices are very very reasonable. Atmosphere is family friendly, but good for all ages and the wait staff always very helpful. Check it out!Mm mm.  Have not had a real Brown Ale in a long time. So tasty. Love trying microbrews. Very happy with the Brown Ale (didn't even try the others...) . And the flat bread was good too.Great beer, great food, great service! Bring or buy a growler!One of my favorite places to go sit down with a big group. The specialty pizzas are always a good choice as well as the standard menu selections. BEER is always a tough decision there because the selection is unbelievable. As far as they waiters go.. they are new and you can tell. We had some order mix ups but it resulted in us getting a free pizza or desert. I like this place a lot and highly recommend it to anyone who likes a friendly atmosphere to drink some good beer and eat some very good flat bread pizza! This will stick around for a long time.Yumminess in a glass and on a plate. Their home brewed beer is super and the price is right. Plus, what goes best with beer? PIZZA! My favorite is actually one I asked them to customize...it is the veggie pizza but instead of mozzarella cheese, I have them bring me a side of creamy goat cheese. MMMMMMMMM. This is definitely a place I will be making regular visits too.The housemate beer, cheese, saspirilla and pizza are truly delectable.  The ingredients are fresh and sustainable.  Cannot wait for dessert!!!  The bartender, waiter and busboy were extremely attentive, courteous and friendly.  This place is truly a gem.I'm not a beer person. I love cider. Gimme something sweet with a little alcohol and I'm good. Prior to coming here, I was really excited to try the ginger cider that I read about on their website. As luck would have it, they were out so I ordered another cider that wasn't too bad (Commonwealth Traditional Dry). 
This place is actually pretty big, with two stories. It would be idea for a date night. It's got that kinda dark lighting with half dead flowers in little vases on wooden tables thing going on, which I like. Anyway, their menus are placed inside the inside covers of books and there's a bunch of really interesting art pieces all over the place. 
The flatbread pizza is delicious too. I ordered the bbq sauce one with chicken (small). Kinda pricey but it's so good. It had a nice crunch to it and it was so savory. 
I do wish the website would reflect the classy atmosphere of the place. Small gripe.Delicious, house brewed beers are $2 and $3 during happy hour- basically the cheapest in town!
I am always down for the flatbread special of the week. Through the Continental - Roasted garlic sauce, crispy bacon, figs, asiago, parm (hold the arugula) is a favorite. Check out the oven on the first floor to watch the pizza action.Awesome place!
Great selection of beer (they rotate their selection) and the bartender is always helpful and friendly.  Really cool vibe and decor.  Delicious pizzas and I can't get enough of the caesar salad.  The dressing is the best (they said they make their own).  
If you haven't been, you need to go.  You are missing out!Rushed from downtown Philly with a bunch of friends on a Saturday for some dinner and artisan beer. Arrived just after 10PM and were quite disappointed to be told that 'we closed the kitchen early'. Well, when we checked the website, it said the kitchen is open until 10:30PM, with no mention that 'hours are subject to change'. Since we were very hungry, we decide to leave without having any beer.I'm happy this place exists. It doesn't cost an arm and a leg, but I still get fresh good quality food- the kind of food I don't feel awful eating afterwards. Here's a tip: Eating for one? The small size flatbread is PLENTY. Combine that with a delicious seasonal soup and you can have a solid dinner for around $15. Out with friends and feeling even more thrifty? Then get a small Garden flatbread and homemade soda for $11. 
I get the mint lime soda every time. After a good hike, it's that clean refreshing taste I need. 
One problem is that service can be a little slow, but they make up for it with their friendliness. 
I like the fact that all kinds of people come here. It's very welcoming to young families. For those complaining about the kids...what do you expect? A too-cool-for-school pizza place? That too...I can't stop calling it pizza.After a great trip to Cape May, NJ we decided to swing through Philly on the way back to Brooklyn to stop and try out this place.  We originally heard about it as my girlfriend knows one of the part owners.  They had four on-premises brews on tap: Citrus + Bread IPA, Rose Farmhouse Ale, De'ter Lager and Dorothy, a wheat beer I believe.  The Farmhouse Ale was my favorite and light and refreshing.  We also enjoyed the De'ter and its namesake in respect to the recently passed owner, Ray Deter, of beer bars d.b.a in NY, Brooklyn, and New Orleans. Overall, the beer was lighter than anticipated, but thought balanced well with the flatbreads we got which I'll move on to now.
We got the Seed and the Gatherer flatbreads.  Seed had pumpkin and sunflower seeds and was delicious.  The gatherer had artichoke, pesto, tomato and mushrooms I believe and was ok but the pesto did not seem to play much of a role.  
The atmosphere is awesome and I love the mural on the outside of the restaurant.  Overall, it seems like a great local place and glad to see it is doing well and was busy on a Tuesday night.  Hope to come back on my next trip down!The beer is really good. I went to Earth on Qiuzzo night (a game very similar to Trivial Pursuit) and was a lot of fun even though I didn't win. 
The place has a very nice atmosphere. I recommend a trip if you have never been and if you live in the Germantown/Chestnut Hill area it's a MUST visit.This place comes highly recommended by a friend. So when we stopped by for lunch on Saturday but read the sign that they only open for dinner starting at 5pm. Came back later, around 8pm and was greeted by the hostess saying they ran out of dough because they were going on vacation, but they had salad. Keep in mind that this place is called Earth BREAD, not Earth SALAD. Why even open if you don't have enough ingredients to serve to your customers? 
Why would I even bother coming back a third time, when there are hundreds of pizza places I know are prepared for business. I'm sure the food is probably great based on the reviews but come on, someone really dropped the ball here.Highlights-
1.They make their own beer and have the beer tanks to prove it, as they are visible from the  downstairs bar. Their Cinderbock beer is a smoked beer wet dream come true! 
2. As a non Pork chronic meat eater, any place that offers fun non pork meat options like turkey sausage and BEEF pepperoni,  (the best kind of pepperoni) is always winning ! Biases speaking of course!  Chuckles.
My experience- Walked in here on a rainy night with a friend.  Was greeted by a very welcoming warm hostess and the sounds of Jimi Hendrix playing over head. The lower room is pretty spacious and welcoming with classic colonial Americana feel with clean lines, raw wooden tables with vintage steel features, and a open stone wood fire brickoven kitchen. The vibe was definitely local and communal,  but not crowded.  Grabbed seats at the bar. From my stool I could see the beer tanks exposed on a lower level.  The bartender was welcoming,  informative and very service oriented. Great service from here. She directed us to the scholastic books that resembles those of my elementary school library, which held the menu for us to checkout. ..literally.  lol I had the Wissahickon pizza and he had some pizza with chicken,  turkey sausage, beef pepperoni and bacon. .minus the pork bacon, it was excellent!  It was better than my pizza and I sooo wished I had ordered that one without the bacon instead ! Although mine was delicious. .. that other one was something serious! Lawd have mercy! Amazing!  
The house made brews were great too! Good enough that I purchased the cutest glass beer jug JUST to bring some home with me! The jugs are $15 bucks and you can bring them back to refill at leisure for about $15. I wanna say it holds 2 litters..If not slightly more. They also have a huge upstairs with seating and a bar as well.  Definitely a great spot for larger groups and hanging with friends.  Worth the trip up to it's Mt. Airy neighborhood from the city's main grid. Definitely worth the ride up! Not far from scenic Lincoln drive,  which is how we got up there.  Also Septa Rail lines is a couple blocks away. Good experience.  Good food. Great beer. Awesome service.friends and i met here for some grubbin. the service was great and the food was delicious. a group of five of us shared three large flatbreads and two salads. their fennel salad!!! omg so dang delicious. their caesar salad was also good. their fennel salad was just incredibly delicious...i could've eaten a bucket of it. anyways...we shared the caveman, wissahickon and continental flatbreads. the caveman was very meaty...a little too much for me. the continental was very interesting...with the fig...in a good way. my fav was probably the wisshickon. the crust was perfectly chewy and delicious. they also have a decent selection of beers. i would def make a trip out to mt. airy to dine here again.Head to the second floor bar and dining room. Great house brews and with several to try, you'll either need to stay a while or make several visits. 
The flat breads are a nice compliment to the craft beers on tap. Look for the usuals like the meataterion, traditional and make sure you look for the specials.I'm a fan because of the usually good flatbread and beer. There are other beverages that are equally as good, such as house made sodas AND the best Kombucha I've EVER HAD. If you are a Kombucha fan, you must come and try this. The service is usually friendly, if discombobulated. I've eaten here several times and either the kitchen or the waitstaff gets so much wrong every damned time. I agree with the others who have noted the lax parenting re: not so well behaved children.We absolutely love the house salad and the seed pizza. The sausage pizza is excellent too.  No thanks on the caesar salad and the margherita pizza.  
Beer selection is fantastic.  Definitely great to hang out at the upstairs or downstairs bar.As a Mt. Airy local, and a beer enthusiast, I LOVE Earth!  It's has a great flatbread selection, yummy salads, and inventive appetizer offerings.  In addition to quality, Earth also fills a much needed void in the neighborhood, and is able to be BOTH a great craft brew-pub *and* a family restaurant.  Wonderful hand-crafted house beers, and great local and not-so-local craft brews on draft as guests give earth extra points for me.
As a regular, I highly recommend the Wheatberry and House salads, LOVE their Seed and Black & White (though I hold the bacon) flatbreads - but really, you can't go wrong.
Also - though it may sound strange - try the dessert flatbread... it's surprisingly wonderful!!!Our second time there. Our server Bernard was attentive and very friendly. We had the avocado salad which was amazing. Flatbreads are 7" and 12" - even though I am a pizza junkie I could not finish the large. Desserts are small- just right. The craft beers were wonderful. I had the home brewed IPA and the Scotch Ale. My partner ordered the home-made ginger ale with house rum on the side and made her own Dark n' Stormy. A new favorite spot.I hesitate to give five starts and cheapen my reviews but I can't think of a single thing to knock this place for or suggest they improve. My boyfriend and I live near the Art Museum, and we bit off a bit more than we could chew by biking the 10 miles up to Mt. Airy one recent Saturday. We arrived hot and hungry at Earth and were not disappointed. The atmosphere was casual, staff was attentive, and food came out quickly considering they make it to order. We had the smaller size special pizza (8 small slices) with cherry tomatoes, red kale, and balsamic and another reoccurring pizza with turkey sausage which I liked a little better. Our waiter Donald was great. Beer was also tasty and reasonable, and the highlight of my meal was my lime and mint homemade soda. We will be back someday, though maybe not on bikes...Delicious and fresh! I came here with a girlfriend for dinner tonight. We ordered the three cheese appetizer. High quality cheeses paired with soft and chewy bread made a lovely app. We also ordered a large Earth flatbread. Now, the two of us are petite girls. We demolished the large flatbread and two helpings of bread with cheese. Surprisingly we did not feel disgustingly full! We thought it must be because the flatbread is primarily tomato sauce with arugula and basil. Not too much cheese to weigh us down. (Although we ate our fair share of cheese from the appetizer.) we finished out the meal with ice cream. Their malted chocolate chip ice cream literally tasted like Whoppers candy. So good with big chocolate chips! I have to bring my husband here some time.This is a  restaurant and brewpub in the Mt.Airy section of Philadelphia that I have had an enjoyable experience each time I've been there. They have a wood-burning oven, which makes for a real nice pizza, as well as their own beers - which they change fairly frequently. The ambiance here is very good. It's a fun place to go with friends and family.My wife and I ate here a week or two ago and it was excellent--I had, literally, the best ceasar salad I've ever had here.  The pizza wasn't quite as good, but still tasted great.  There was a live jazz band who had a good sound even though I'm not super into jazz.  I'll go here again!This place was a unique experience. They brew their own beer here so they have a unique selection which I enjoyed. The pizza was pretty good and the atmosphere was nice too. I will be returning to this place in the near future to try more of their unique brews.Fantastic! Great service and awesome flatbreads! The baked potato flatbread special is my favorite!I finally tried Earth Bread + Brewery after having them on my list for over a year. Unfortunately, we just don't go up to Mt. Airy, ever. I am glad we made the trek because it was definitely worth it. We came on a Saturday night, around 9ish. From other reviews I was a little nervous we would have a wait but we were seated promptly.
They have their own beer as well as specials from other breweries. We stuck with their beer and were not disappointed. I had the black ipa which was quite good and went well with my meal. 
For starters we got edamame which were yummy, but not too filling since pizza was coming as well. Also good to start with a little protein. There were a number of interesting salads but since my pizza (the traditional) was coming topped with arugula I thought that might be too much lettuce. For $7 the pizza was quite a steal, as I could only finish half of it. Perfect leftovers for Monday lunch. The boy had the buffalo chicken pizza which he really enjoyed a lot. 
Overall, this place is great for a casual dinner and some tasty brews. We will definitely be back whenever in the area and also will probably make the trek just to eat again.I went here at least three different times for dinner after work. The pizza's are absolutely delicious. They have cider which I love and not just commercial sweet ones ether. The prices are a little higher than I'd like for pizza and beer but not terrible. Super sweet waitstaff.I guess this is one place were parents take their kids to eat and I applaud you since it's not McDonald's or some crap restaurant. But when kids are not still and bouncing around, your kids are annoying!
I ordered the Hummus Sampler ($8) which was probably the best part of my entire meal. I also ordered the small Rio Bravo ($10) which is a flatbread with "spicy charred tomato salsa, pepper jack cheese, bell peppers, roasted onions, sliced tomatoes and fresh cilantro".  They forgot to mention on their menu that the whole flatbread, especially the bottom would be charred. I prefer non burnt bread. 
To drink my fianc and I ordered a 13oz Baltus Porterus ($5.46) which was good. I do like restaurants that brew their own beer. 
No desserts for us. Which they do not have much to choose from. According to their menu it states "NOTE::There will be a $10 service fee for desserts that are brought in from the outside."
If it wasn't for all those kids at this place and burnt flatbread I would probably give it a 4 or 5 stars.I had the two vegan flat breads. The general taos and the Vietnamese one very tasty. Very good quality and not too pricey. Highly recommended!!!It's always a pleasure to go to Earth Bread and Brewery.  Their beers are outstanding, at a decent price (4-5 bucks).
The menu is somewhat limited to a few appetizers and flatbreads. The olives are great (you can order them warm), and the hummus is very tasty. The flatbreads are very good, and they always have specials.
The thing I enjoy the most is the atmosphere and the beer selection, complemented by a bowl of gorgeous olives. Nothing bad to say about this place.Great scene. Pizza and beer are excellent but the service needs work. Had an empty beer glass for way too long especially since it's a bar and brewery.   Once service improves it'll be a regular stop for us.I've been eagerly awaiting this spot's opening since I first heard about it. Pizza (sorry, flatbread in Earth's parlance) from a wood-fired oven and on-site crafted beer? What could be better?
I went last night with my kids while the wife had a work engagement. I was a bit nervous, since I wasn't sure they'd have normal-enough pizza for the kids. But they gobbled up their plain pie ( "build-your-own" with nothing built on it), and they have juice and milk as beverage options, served in a lidded plastic cup, so they are definitely ready to serve this family-heavy neighborhood.
I had a Biere d'Earth, a medium-bodied, easy drinking ale with a nice malty finish. I've read elsewhere that the owner/brewmaster is not big on hoppy beers, but hop-lovers are accommodated with two IPAs from other local breweries on tap, as well as a stout, a white and some Belgian-styles. It's a well-put together tap list that complements the on-site options.
I had a pesto with roasted potato flatbread, which was tasty if uncomplicated. The crust is nice and chewy, and the toppings were fresh and flavorful.
The salads I saw go by look good - I look forward to returning to this great addition to our neighborhood!I come here all the time since I'm local and it's walkable - but they also have a huge lot a block away for parking - and plenty of parallel roads if you need to avoid Germantown Ave.  Anywhoo ... 
Good beer. Good service. Laid back atmosphere.  Only gripe is that they only serve pizza "flatbreads".  I'd go a lot more often if they expanded the menu to sandwiches or vegan fare.  It's delicious fancy pizza though.I always end up coming back to Earth Bread + Brewery every few months. The past few times the place has been hit or miss. Overall last night's dinner was good. There were times I recall the bread being burnt underneath. But the flatbreads came out nicely this time around. The Earth flatbread is a must. The tangy red sauce with the sweet onions and fresh arugula is an excellent combo. I like the Vietnam Veggie because it is essentially a summer roll on flatbread.  But last night, they covered it with too much oil. The hummus has been consistently tasty. I like the variations of the chickpea spread: cranberry, garlic and butternut squash. Another go to is the charred Brussels Sprouts. It works very well with the cranberries and pumpkin seeds. At times, the service can be slow and mediocre. Sometimes they forget to refill water or fail to come back for another round of drinks. But when everything seems to be on par, you end up coming back for more.Great atmosphere and tasty brews, Earth Bread and Brewery is a great spot for one, two, or 20 people to have a fun night. 
We arrived and sat at the bar, and then we were immediately greeted by the bartender who described the menu and the brews. 
We had the opportunity to try the four that were house brews, which were all good, but ended up going with one of the guest breweries that they had on tap. 
The flatbread menu looked so good, we had to jump on the fig, bacon and arugula choice. It was fabulous, but even better when eaten cold hours later (we took the leftovers home). 
Very nice experience.Coming from West Phila, it's kinda out of the way, but my friend and I had been wanting to check this out for a while.  Both of us had been reading a lot of good things on their facebook and we were excited.  We came on a weekend afternoon.  We ordered two different flatbreads and both of them were just okay.  There is a good beer selection and the decor is pretty cool.  The seating situation isn't the best and it doesn't take a lot of people to make it feel noisy in there.  Our trip was underwhelming, though we both love the restaurant's mission and the way they do business.Previously lived around the corner from this place. I would frequent often during lunch hours or later at night for drinks with friends. The rustic and earthy feel of the inside is inviting. The menu consists of small appetizers, flatbreads, dips, etc. I have never been disappointed with the food here. The flatbread list contains offerings for both meat and veggie lovers. The draft list is complete with house-brewed, quality selections. A great option for low key lunch and beers.Earth Bread + Brewery was on my list of Philly brewery/brewpubs to visit and I managed to cross it off over a late lunch.
Beer: delicious, but some of their own brews were tapped out and they were quick to suggest guest brews. I stuck to their specialties since it was one of the main reasons I went to visit. I got the 20oz of the MMXIV english mild ale, and wasn't disappointed. 
Food: flatbread! I opted for the "special" flatbread which had sundried tomatoes, cheese and pesto. It was good. 
The place can get quite busy, but once you're seated you're set. Overall great experience, I'll go back to try their new brews and more flatbreads!Good flatbread, decent beer, cute space. Recommended.Was in town and stopped by here late. Nice place. If I lived in Mt. Airy I'd sure I'm spend time here. I didn't quite get the whole "flatbread pizza" thing. I was more interested in the beer. Our friendly and helpful server was more than gracious enough to provide me samples of the beers on tap. They need to serve a beer sampler. While my friends had pizza (flatbread...whatever...) I decided to go out on a limb and try a quinoa salad. It was surprisingly good. Made with sliced apple and topped with spinach, it wasn't filling put it was savory. The beers were good. Wish they were bigger, but it's OK. Had an issue with the Men's room. The stall was way too small. Claustaphic-small and felt like you were out in the open in the larger-than-you-think room. Overall though I like the place and would return. And if I lived in Mt. Airy, I'm sure I'd be a regular.....Oh....I don't recall seeing any TV near the bar or anything. That's odd....Oh well.....Maybe that's a good thing?While I enjoyed the beer here, the pizza fell flat (pun intended).  Earth seems like a fine enough place if you're in the neighborhood, but my experience wasn't anything to brag about. 
We designed our own flatbread with artichokes, portabello mushrooms, and turkey sausage.  While the pizza was tasty enough, they really skimped on the toppings.  Until I got to a lucky bite, I could have sworn they forgot the artichoke.  The sausage and mushrooms were also sparse, and everything was cut into tiny pieces.  While the overall flavor was yummy, the overall value seemed low.  
While the pizza was a bummer, I was happy with the beer. I had a Ramstein Winter Wheat (guest brew), a Free The Hikers, and another homebrew that I can no longer remember thanks to the potency of the Free The Hikers.  Its always fun to get a good buzz off of two beers, but do be careful if you're driving there!To start off, I would just like to agree with the other reviews I have seen on here deriding the absolutely ridiculous cheese plate. For $12, especially at a casual place like this, EB+B should be embarrassed to charge so much for a mere ounce of cheese that did not seem to be among the finest ever anyway. AVOID FOR SURE. It leaves QUITE a bad impression when you feel as if the restaurant is being shamelessly cheap.
In fact, any of the appetizers I have had here (including the hummus, other dips, and a beef and carrot soup that had no carrots in it) have been very mediocre, and this is why I have to give the place as a whole a mediocre review. Which is a shame, because I do actually like EB+B and am pleased to have a microbrewery right in the neighborhood. The beer and the flatbreads really are great, particularly the breakfast flatbread they serve at brunch which I fully intend to return for! Nice attractive growlers keep the beer fresh for a long time and are great if you need to bring some quality booze to a party. The house made kombucha is also quite good!
Bottom line: if you go, I suppose you should take some responsibility to order simply what the place specializes in (i.e. beer, flatbreads, and kombucha). That said, EB+B should also do itself a service and seriously revamp and improve its other food options. A gluten free flat bread would also be very good, as my wife's gluten allergy is a significant reason we don't go more often than we do, since the kombucha is the only decent "g-free" thing she can get. Service could also stand to be a bit friendlier/more polished.i'm demoting Earth to 3 stars due to problems with service.  Our last few visits have had stunningly slow and inattentive service. Food still nice.Small draft beer selection, but interesting and delicious brews.  Their Groot (Gruit) is so refreshing.  The pizza combinations are inspired and their homemade ice cream is a treat.Nice place in an interesting building with a good concept. Good spin on the pizza and beer combination.
Very kid friendly, with what seems like food that should satisfy a variety of tastes.
There is a good variety of flat breads, but perhaps a little expensive for some. That said, they are good and you should be able to leave with a full stomach for not too much money.
Their beers are OK, nothing special. Tea and Honey Saison and Smoked Saison were OK at best. Perhaps a little on the amateurish side when it comes to a brewpub, but different beers to try making and they have good guest beers on tap.I read a bunch of other reviews so I know we were not just having a one off experience. They screwed up our order (making the wait 45 minutes for a flat bread when we were one of the first patrons through the door), were not too sorry about it, then the waitress was avoiding us and the manager was none too sorry about it either. She did offer a free dessert, finally, but you may have to hold out for that. We skipped it because we didn't believe they would refrain from more little slights and screw-ups. I believe when there is this type of problem it comes from the top. There must be an air of slight contempt for the patrons that emanates from the owners. The flat bread was pretty good, the service, not so much.I've been to Earth dozens of times, I've seen it through multiple menu changes, and multiple wait staff changes. The food is always good, and the beer is always good. It was disappointing when they took away the 'build your own flatbread' option, and I don't really understand why they did that. I went there two years in a row for my birthday dinner with my family. So yeah, I like going to this place.
The problem is, and this is where they lose stars, I usually end up pissed off by the end of my dining experience. The service can be really terrible, it's impossible to get a hold of the wait staff, and getting your check has taken up to 45 minutes. People LOVE to bring their kids here, so you can count on lots of screaming children.
The real kicker for me was going here on my 21st birthday a few years back on Keep the Pint night. I got there at 5pm with my family, and they were already out of free pint glasses...I mean....really? You can't have an advertised special like Keep the Pint night if you are going to run out of glasses an hour into the deal. I've also been back again for another keep the pint night, where the same exact thing happened.
I'll probably never stop going to Earth, because I love the food and drinks, but I really hope that in the future they get better wait staff and that someday I'll actually get a free pint glass.Easy, yummy food, service may not be the best, but they are friendly! Great place for a cheap, family friendly night out.Their flatbread pizzas are unique and quite good- plus the ambiance is great! A nice little gem in my town!  
Would like more specials and entree options.Well.. the system requires I give at least one star but believe me....SHAME ON THE CHEF.. SHAME ON THE OWNER.. EGO GETS YOU NOTHING. HEAR THIS .. 3 new customer thought we would give this place a shot.. 2 of which are chef.  YES.. CHEFS.. omg it was terrible... 3 people ordered 3 flatbreads. .. all burnt.. all of them.. the Cesar's Salad tasted like pure vinegar, then they wanted to only remove 2 of the flatbread orders from our total bill even tho we wiuld not touch any of them. And the CHEF never came out to talk with us .. NOT EVEN to apologize.. .. .. and wanted to charge for 2 flatbread orders and 2 salads... really????? Sorry guys never ever again wie it was horrible.My friend told me this was her (and her bf's) go-to place, so we had to try it. The four of us shared a few salads and a few flatbreads. Our Philly residents recommended the White and Black, so we got that. It was delicious. I just picked off the bacon. The salads were also good. The service was excellent, probably because they were our friends' neighbors.This place is everything quintessential Mount Airy has to offer.  Homemade brews, amazing vegan and vegetarian options and a warm and comforting atmosphere that makes you just want to sit and stay a while.  The beers weren't standard which i loved and were definitely made to be enjoyed solo over a great conversation.  We then thoroughly enjoyed two pizzas fighting over who's choice was the 'clear' winner and ultimately i think that the jury is still out.  we'll have to come back for another round of tastings!I'm leaving a second review imploring the managers to consider it, along with the others. Not once has anyone seemed like they had an iota of customer service there. I've called, I've been there a few times- never. And if any employees are reading this I'd like them to imagine me flipping them off as they practice their 'I don't care' face in the mirror. I don't say that often, but damn you people suck.Very good food, excellent beer, friendly service, spectacularly kid friendly. The Wissahickon and the Seed are both winners. Never had a bad experience, been there dozens of times.The Nashville hot chicken is so amazing! Easily one of the best meals we've had in a long time and a really fun date night out.I couldn't be happier that this place opened so close to where I live. I have been here about a half dozen times and have not been disappointed. 
Pros: The flatbreads are great. Try the specials when they have them because they tend to be the more creative flatbreads.
The beer is great. I have tried most and most are very good. I love that you can get a 13 oz beer in order to try something new.
The people. The wait staff, the owners, the other patrons are all fantastic!
Cons: I wish they had a larger menu, but I suspect it will grow over time.
Not to be missed!What more could you want in a neighborhood place than brick oven "flatbreads", good beers, and a decent wine list?  As long as you accept the fact that their menu is limited you should be fine here.  I think that they do what they do well.  Some of the negative reviews here have surprised me, so clearly this place is not to everyone's taste, but I like Earth and am happy to have them in the neighborhood.
They brew their own beers on site, and rotate the types of beers fairly frequently.  I like the fact that If their beers are not to your liking, they offer a good selection of "guest" beers.  Many places that brew their own seem afraid to give up any taps to outside competitors.No complaints.  The food was good, the service was great, everyone there seemed to be in a good mood, it was a very diverse crowd.  The flatbread was really really good... nommed that all down in like four seconds.  The beer that I tried was good.  It was quizzo night and that was fun.  The guy kept making fun of Fishtown, which amused me.  Especially because he looked like he was from Fishtown.  But anyway, I plan on going here more often.  Warning though, the food takes quite a while to come out.  So don't go if you're in a rush. It's worth the wait though, in my opinion.  We had some edamame in the meantime.I'm really happy to see the old neighborhood making a comeback and people taking a chance opening up new restaurants. That being said I don't think Bread and Earth will be around for a forth year.
I went based on recommendations form other "foodies" and probably will not be back. 
The beer selection was very good, service was OK, the rye taost with butter I made when I got home had more flavor then the veggie flat bread. 
Think they benefit from the over flow from McMenimen's.This place was great! I was reading a article in suburban life about the cover story Dr Ernest Lee I am in need of dental work and heard so much about this doctor when I turned the page there was another article about a pizza place and after reading about this place I kne right then and there that my fianc and I would b dining there tonite and we r so glad we did this place is awesome shout out to r wonderful waiter Dan he made a great recommendation  on a great beer and was just so kind thank u dan for a great dining experience .now about the food it is unbelievable good I had the regular pizza while my fianc choose the corn soup ( sorry I don't remember the name but he said it was great he also got the captain jack which he loved and yes I tried it and so agree. Wow who would think one magizine could find me a dentist and a wonderful pizza restaurant thank u suburban life!!!!This is not your ordinary beer and pizza place.  
First, as to the beer: they offer 4 of their own house brews, and a rotating selection of "guest" drafts.  The house Zythos is a really hoppy Belgian style ale with lots of flavor. Tried a couple of the other house drafts that really weren't to my taste. There was a good selection of about 6 guest beers, from which we sampled the PBC Pennsylvania Pale Ale, and Laguintas Heffeweizen, both were delicious.  Free tastes are offered so you dont have to commit yourself to drinking a full glass of something you are not sure you will like.
Second, the flatbread pizza is delicious and the food is reasonably priced.  We started  with a shared spinach salad with bacon ( a special), for entrees had 2 smalll flatbread pizzas (I had the sausage/mushroom and my husband had the buffalo chicken), and finished off with a shared bread pudding. The buffalo chicken flatbread was way too spicy for my taste but my husband liked it. I loved the mushroom flatbread pizza- great flavors in the sausage, and the flatbread was nicely crisped and slightly charred.  Our bill for the food and 3 drinks was $50 not including tip.
The atmosphere is casual but classy, low key and more restaurant like than pub like.  You could feel comfortable bringing kids here (and people do).  The music is not too loud and you can hear yourself talk.  My only complaint was the Beach Boys music that was playing in the background all night....
The service was just OK. Our waitress was friendly and took the time to answer any questions about the beer and food.  However she did not return to the table often enough to get our drinks refilled before they were empty.  She also served hy husband a cup of coffee that had largely spilled over into the saucer.  
Overall, an enoyable meal, and I wish this place were closer to us, I would come more often!A great addition to the Mt Airy/NW Phila dining scene. Good service, great atmosphere. Their flatbreads are all delicious! I think the menu could use some more appetizer/salad type options. The salads are all pretty small. So it's really only worth going if you're going to eat flatbread.You know what, I just wasn't that impressed. There are a lot of flatbreads with a lot of variety, but most of them just tasted ok, and they were soggy and hard to pick up with the way they cut them. it's like they just threw some ingredients onto the flatbread without much regards for the integrity.
The only flatbread that I liked after sampling at least 4-5 of them is "Seed", which has more interesting textures and combination of flavours.
They are very nice and deal with big parties really well, and there are a lot of local brews if you're a beer person. It just didn't do it for me if all they did well was one vegetarian flatbread.I really wanted to love this place with its books converted into menus, healthy food options, and friendly Quizzo guy Joe...but I was not sold on my Kale Salad special and the Seed Flatbread. I would like to head back for a beer on a Wednesday Quizzo night.This place is awesome. I've been there a handful of times and tried most of their menu, I haven't been disappointed yet. The atmosphere is great, the service is spot on and the beers are terrific. A big bonus is that they're super family-friendly. Right on, Earth Bread!I had heard good things about Earth Bread + Brewery so I was excited to give it a try when my coworkers organized a goodbye party for a colleague there one evening.  The first thing that impressed me was the general layout and ambiance of the place.  The space was used very wisely and it felt very open and not at all crowded.  There was a good mix of young people out getting drinks and families there with kids.  A group of about 15-20 of us were able to take over an entire wing of the restaurant without a problem.  The menus (which are adorably stored in children's books) is full of really great food and I was sad that I didn't get to try everything on there.  They also have a robust drink menu.  I was very excited to see that the food and drinks are all very reasonably priced.  Appetizers ran about $4-$5, my cider was around $5, and the pizzas are between $7-$12 depending on type and size.  The portions of the pizza are very generous, even if you get the small size.  My coworker Saron helped to arrange for everyone to order their own pizza but that we could all share from one another.  The way they cut their pizza is PERFECT for sharing.  Instead of cutting it the standard triangular way they cut little squares pieces.  It made it really easy to try a very small little square of someone else's without feeling greedy or becoming too full.  I ended up trying about 5 different types of pizza but my favorite was the Continental, which had fig, bacon, and other things I'm forgetting at the moment.  It was perfectly sweet and savory and cheesy.  I personally ordered the Mac+Cheese pizza which was decadent, although not my favorite because it was more about being cheesy than about being flavorful.  There was another one I really, really enjoyed.  I don't remember what it was called but it had a balsamic dressing on it.
I ended up eating a ridiculous amount of pizza that night, but shockingly I did not go home feeling too heavy or bloated.  I think the small slices of the pizza really helped to make me feel like I ate a lot without going overboard.  (Let's be honest; I probably did still go a little overboard...)  I would definitely come here again and would definitely recommend it for a family outing, work get together, dinner date, or whatever!Between the owner, the service staff, and the customers this place has a great cross section of beers, wines, people, spirits, sodas, and tastes.  Sometimes I just come in for the cheese plate and a glass of wine.  Other times it is for the flatbread and beer.  Yes, I wish they had some stews or something hardy for the winter months, but the rest is wonderful as a place to meet, rest, or celebrate special events in ones life.
Keep up the great work....
GlennThe pizza is amazing and goes well with their brews. Friendly staff and awesome environment.With a name like Earth Bread + Brewery, survey says that you're going to have a good experience, and a good experience we had. Being a big fan of the two staples that make up my diet, pizza and beer, I found myself here one particular Sunday. I wasn't sure what to think at first, as we waited almost a solid 5 minutes for the hostess to come down from upstairs to seat us. At this point, I wasn't sure what would become of my service once I sat down, but my mind quickly did a 180 once we were warmly greeted, seated upstairs, and passed off to a kind server who ended up being great. 
Since we were here almost two months ago, I cannot recall what specific beers we ordered, but if I remember correctly they had 4-6 on tap, ranging from light to dark, which you could order in two different sizes. We ended up trying almost all of them and really enjoyed each and every one. I am a big fan of places that brew their own beer and Earth Bread easily falls right into that category + bonus points for tasty beer. 
As far as pizza goes, we ordered a small veggie (mushrooms, tomatoes, red onion, bell peppers, spinach, mozzarella, and basil pesto) and their special of the day (can't recall exactly what it was, but it did involve steak, which was reason enough for me to order it). Both pizzas were excellent, full of flavor, with a nice crispy crust. You can definitely tell that they use fresh dough and locally sourced ingredients. 
This also isn't a bad place for families and big groups to check out, as there is an upstairs and a downstairs. They also have fun events going on every night so be sure to check out their website. If you like pizza and beer and find yourself in Mt. Airy, then this place is definitely worth a visit.So this is a cool concept place. Bartender Jess was very friendly. The house brews were tasty and apparently never brewed twice. Mean I'll be back to try something new. The flat bread was very good. Friendly regulars on the bar I look forward to my next visit.Great spot. Highly recommend this place. Just kick back and enjoy great pizza. Get the Caveman pizza. A must visit.A great beer list, wonderful soups and pizzas, and a very relaxed atmosphere.  Plan on spending a few minutes looking for parking.The special flatbread pizza with beets, goat cheese, and walnuts is simply amazing! If they are offering it, you'd be a fool to not get it.Obsessed with this place. Favorite beer selection and I'm very picky with beer. I love their sour gruit beer sooooooo much. They rotate their soups and all of them that I've had so far are delicious.we ventured here on a sunday for flatbreads and beer. my friend started with the wheatberry salad, which was enough for 2 and we shared the tomato basil mozz flatbread along with the olive, feta and arugula flatbread. both very tasty and filling. the servers were friendly and accommodating. the restaurant itself was loud and with crying kids it was hard to have a conversation. that was the only negative of the experience.I have been to Earth Bread and Brewery three times now, and I really want to like this place, but there are a number of issues that keep me from giving this restaurant and brew pub a higher rating. The food is generally good, and their flatbread pizza is delicious. But the cost-to-quantity ratio is pretty high; if you go with a group, you can rack up a pretty staggering bill and leave feeling like you've barely gotten enough to eat. I consider their other items (salads, appetizers, soups) to be decent, but certainly not remarkable.
Unlike other reviewers (even the critical ones), I find the beer selection at Earth to be seriously lacking. There are at least a dozen... literally ONE DOZEN... places in Philadelphia with a better draft and bottle selection. That does not bode well for an establishment whose primary claim to fame is beer. I will not bore other yelpers with esoteric beer geek particulars, but let me just say that Victory, Sly Fox, and Philadelphia Brewing Co. are MEDIOCRE breweries, and to showcase this stuff like it's the second coming of Christ is embarrassing. Earth's own brews are decent, and their porter is actually good, but one good beer and four or five acceptable ones is hardly impressive, especially in a city where there are so many other places serving great beer. 
Upon first arriving at this place, I was taken with how cool the interior seemed. High ceilings, architectural salvage, and cool artwork. But it is very noisy, which makes it difficult to have a pleasant conversation and even harder to get your server's attention. The set up at Earth is very conducive to large groups, but the noise makes it difficult to enjoy each other's company.
If the primary selling points of Earth Bread and Brewery are flatbread pizza, which is tasty but expensive for what you get, and beer, which is in actuality pretty limited, then I can't in good conscience give this place a higher rating than two stars. I will likely return, however, as my friends seem to like this place. But the next time I go, I'll eat a sandwich beforehand, and make sure there's some good beer waiting for me when I get home.Low-key, local spot for delicious flatbreads (AKA fancy pizza) and tasty brews.  Fun ambience - hip with a casual comfort, perfect for date night, girls night out or with a group. Always a great meal at a very reasonable price. Menu has solid standards and regularly rotating new flatbreads. Love their fresh salads, and surprising favorite the Seed Flatbread.  So tasty!I have not been here for a few years , but I used to frequent Earth when I lived in the area. Such a cool spot to hang out, I always had fantastic service and delicious unique flatbreads and brews ! Seeing Earth pop up on my radar on Yelp reminded me that I should really go back !My first visit to Earth Bread was wonderful. We were seated immediately at a table right by the window overlooking the lovely street. Our drinks were delivered promptly, followed by our food. 
We had the Wissahickon, Caveman and Earth, all of which were delicious! The restaurant was very accommodating for dietary needs, and made great recommendations. Overall, we were so happy with the service, the food and the atmosphere. 
The $2 Tuesday drink special can't be beat, either!This place doesn't quite gel. The five pizza "flatbreads" they offer are solid but only the "seed" is notable. The four beers they brew at any given time are fresh and tasty, never offensive but rarely a revelation. The desserts from Night Kitchen are okay but the selection absurdly limited. The service is unpredictable, the lighting unflattering. Compared to Dock Street in West Philly, Earth Bread can't hold a candle. But it's two blocks from my house, so Earth Bread it is.Good beer, good service, good food. What's not to like...When you dine in, that is. Called once for take-out and the guy picked up the phone and said, "Call back in 20 minutes," and hung up. Needless to say, I did not call back. All in all, this is a dine-in option only although they say you can technically do take-out. But the flatbreads are PHENOMENAL.a fine example of a home town brewpub, the pizza's are great, the beer is pretty good (there is better in the city), but all around a swell place to grab a bite to eat and swallow it down with some great house brewed suds, what more do you want?This place knows how to make pizza! So good, everyone is nice and knowledgable. Great to see the local businesses doing well in the community.First of all let me start of with my one complaint.. no hard liquor. Nicey likes tequila, and when nicey wants tequila I'd think a bar can provide..NOPE.. anyway that was totally ok.. because they have single malts and cider. I can always get down with that kind of vibe.. I mean it's mt airy.. what am I going to do drunk there since I'm no longer 15? exactly.. Service was on point, and the atmosphere was super chill.. The menu looked to be pretty cool too.. I do plan to go back and try some hummus.. I mean I happen to be a hummus freak sooooooooooo yeah! 
I also must say that any place that tries this hard to be green is a place for me. I'm all for places that go the sustainable route.it doesn't hurt that they do good food here, but the beer is what makes me return. they don't give in to trends, but they do make some damn good beer here.  it doesn't matter what the style of the beer is, and it doesn't matter what kind of funky name they give to it.  that beer is going to be good.This place was great all around. 
The flatbread was really good. Prices are fair. my boyfriend and I shared a Large Caveman ($22) plus arugula (+$1). It was more than enough to fill us up. They did not skimp on the meat or topping. It was amazing. The crust was a medium thickness. It was cooked well. 
We also had a hummus platter, and it was good. I used some of the crust from the flat bread to dip it in the hummus too!
My boyfriend had their homemade beer, it was the coffee one, and he loved it! Great for a homemade brew!
The menus are very interesting, they recycled old books and added menus inside. Cool concept.I have been really excited for this spot to open and was looking forward to another option in Mt. Airy, I have to say I've been disappointed. They don't have a great selection of food, they sell wine and beer, but no hard liquor and they close around midnight. It would be a good place to go get drinks and order a pizza if you get hungry... but the main draw is supposed to be the food and there are much better options for that in the area. It's not really a bar scene; no TV, no music, no liquor... but they don't have enough food to really be a great restaurant either. It feels like they are stuck somewhere in the middle. 
The owners are very friendly and the staff are helpful, so hopefully they will work out the kinks.Good, but not great. We went to Earth last night because I love flat bread, my husband loves beer and we were in the area. Seemed like a no-brainer. The atmosphere was nice and the service was good. My husband and I both liked the beer. We had 3 flat breads: the Mushroom w/ turkey sausage, the White, and a special they were running with BBQ sauce, steak and portobello mushrooms. I thought the White flat bread was delicious but the other two, not very delicious. The special was pretty good, but didn't have a whole lot of flavor. The mushroom and turkey sausage one was pretty flavorless and really skimped on the mushrooms. The turkey sausage was supposed to be spicy but it was not spicy at all. I had to salt all three. Overall it was a good experience, but not a great one. It is definitely worth going if you are in the area. But I wouldn't travel out of your way to go to Earth.This place is a must visit! My boyfriend and I were first-timers, but plan on making this a regular place to enjoy some good beer and flatbread. At first I was a little disappointed that the main courses were limited to flat bread, but that ended once the mouthwatering deliciousness was placed in front of me. I ordered the continental; comparable to a white pizza with arugula, bacon, and fig. My boyfriend ordered the caveman which contained the perfect proportion of tomato sauce, mozzarella, chicken, bacon, sausage, and pepperoni. Their beer selection is smaller too, but they brew their own and are damn good at it. We had the IPA and a wheat beer aged in wine barrels. Typing all of this is making me want more. See you there!Above average pizza/flatbread, although we felt there should have been more meat on the pies. The Wheatberry Salad was just ok. Not very creative - it was bland. Edamame was very good, but a little too salty. We didn't drink any beer so can't comment on that.Disappointed by their small selection of house beers but the cozy bar front and friendly patrons and staff made it an enjoyable experience.Have to go along with the other's who mention the service staff and how utterly rude they can be. We live in one of the neighborhoods nearby, and were hoping that this would be one of our regular spots however, we are afraid it will not!  We made a trip this past week and sat down in one of the 2 bar tables in the window. The hostess that evening informed us that we would have to walk up to the bar and place our own order "no table service"?  This is a first as we always sit at one of these tables and have always had service.  We decided to sit at the bar and eat our dinner which was fine.  No sooner did we sit down at the bar, when a 3 top sat at the bar table we preferred.  We proceeded to watch the bartender come out from behind the bar and wait on them.  Hmmmm, guess the hostess did not feel that we warranted table service.  I wish we could  say that this will be one of our regular spots but until they step up their service and get rid of the attitude it will not.   This I blame on the owner!Finally got to visit Earth after having bookmarked it so long ago. 
There were a few of us at the table so we ordered a few pizzas - plain and wild mushroom. 
I'm not a huge fan of the way they cut the pizza. It's not in slices but more just cut into odd shapes and sizes. 
Both the plain and the mushroom were very good. I could only gripe about not being able to pick up the pieces by the crust the way it would traditionally be cut in most places. 
The service was totally fine for a pizza shop. Food came out quick and served hot. 
Being that the majority at our table were 11 and under, we finished with the s'mores pizza. It was nicely presented and although I didn't personally try it, it went over well with the kids. 
Earth isn't the most convenient place for me to visit but I would t hesitate to eat here again if in the area.We've searched high and low for some good pizza in Philly and Eureka, I think we found it.
I probably would have found this place sooner if it wasn't disguised as a hippy dippy "flat bread" place. Can I make something clear? OK, thanks. If it is made of a baked dough and has tomato sauce and cheese on it, its a pizza. 
Anyway, we have tried the Hello Joe, Wissahickon (sans the sausage) and Earth pies. All of them have been good and tops since moving to Philadelphia.
They seem to have found a way to overcome the biggest obstacle of most pizza places that I've tried since moving here, and that friends, is the crust. Earth Bread and Brewery (EB&B from here on out) has a nice slightly chewy, soft crust on the inside while having a good amount of resistance and char on the outside.
Since finding them, we went twice in as many days, its called research y'all, and I definitely see myself going back for more.
The owner also brews some decent beer from what I gather, although, I haven't had an opportunity to sample any. One day.Loved the Winter Garden pizza and the Corn Chowder!  Great service, lovely atmosphere and delicious food!I really don't get why everyone loves this place.  I've eaten there several times, and even though I order 1 of the same 3 "breads" (can we drop the pretension and call them personal pizzas please?), they all come out a different size and taste differently.  There is no consistency. They do have a great staff, but the layout is incredibly cramped and while it's great that they are kid-friendly, it's hard to deal with over-zealous toddlers running around in such a cramped space.  Also, they need to can it with the open mic night, it's loud enough as it is.
It is a great place to stop by later at night for a beer at the bar...when the bartender doesn't decide to close early.Delicious and healthy! Great beer selection... My advice do the black and white flat bread.The server forgot about us initial so I could not give it more stars but the beer and flat bread were terrific. I don't get to Germantown much but this joint is worth checking out. I really liked it.I love Earth Bread + Brewery! 
The space is large with a funky atmosphere.
The food is awesome and fresh. Earth Bread + Brewery serves mostly flatbreads. They also have salads, some small plates and desserts.
The Green Goddess Dip is a special and is super delicious, served with really great bread. Try it!
They also have a good selection of beers and spirits.
Quizzo is on Wednesday at 9:00. We're going there tonight!Good house brews, cute interior, mediocre service. Had a nice evening here with friends, but was kind of underwhelmed by their flatbreads which are $20 a pop. One of ours was burnt on the bottom and every bite tasted a bit like charcoal. We ordered three different flatbreads and we couldn't tell which was which because they all kind of tasted alike( and one was a korma version so it definitely shouldn't have tasted the same). We also orded a $10 avocado salad thinking we would share it, but laughed when it showed up because it was literally like 1/2 cup in size. There were four little pieces of greens sprinkled on top. It was tasty, but I expected more greenery for the price. I do like the concept behind this place and it is really cozy inside, I'm just not sure I would go back for dinner. Maybe I'll just grab a beer next time.Great casual spot !  Salads & flatbreads are fabulous. Love the fig one!
Friendly staff.  Perfect sunday afternoon spot.A must! Always have great food, great beer, friendly staff... Flatbread specials are always creative. All ingredients are local, fresh and the have a very high commitment to have low to no waste. 
A must for anyone!Server was Dan and he was awesome. Food was killer and the dessert was even better, atmosphere was different then what most other bars offer, there was no cohesion, no ties to the name or anything,  that'the only reason why I gave it a four star rating. Definitely coming again. Also the growlers are so different,  it's awesome.The menu is mostly pizzas. Lots and lots of different varieties of pizza. With all sorts of awesome toppings. Delicious!  Good beer selection. It's a great place for meeting friends, sharing food and having a quality conversation. Good service too!This is cute spot. Went on a Friday night and there were lots of families there which was kind of fun. I had a mediocre salad to start and a very good flatbread. Their vegetarian options are decent. Our waiter was incredibly friendly. We sat at a long community table, which is never ideal but was totally fine. I'm very picky when it comes to pizza so 4 stars is a good sign!Great fresh made beer and flat bread (aka pizza) what more could you want. Their house beers are always different so there is a new experience waiting each time you go in.TL;DR - Try this place out. Bread = Pizza.
I came here with two friends, it was a 30 minute drive. We were STARVING when we got there, and had no idea what to expect. We looked at the menu, which has appetizers, beers, and breads. Bread. BREAD? We were worried there would be nothing to eat, that we would just have to make do with these breads.
WELL, it turns out, when they say bread here, they really mean pizza, or maybe "flatbread." Whew!
The Wissihickon was great, as was the Pesto. The beer was tasty! I agree with Anisha Y. this would be a good date place.This is a cool place. Went here Saturday during the day and enjoyed some of the wheat beer. They have a lot of interesting flavors for those who enjoy exploring. We didn't eat but the pizzas looked good. Vibe was nice. Nothing bad to say.Took my wife to a party in the area and then used YELP to find a local bar for beer and pizza.  Earth Bread + Brewery came up and with the directions provided  took me right to the place. I came here to spend a few hours.
I went upstairs and sat at the bar and ordered a beer and flat bread (pizza).  The beer was an English Stout and was very enjoyable. The flat bread was really good too.
The bartender was a friendly guy.
Real nice place to spend some time.  Had a nice two hours.Great place. Total gem in Mt Airy. Bar manager was very helpful. Incredible beers. Would have liked to stay for dinner as the menu looks great and is very reasonably priced. Definitely a great alternative to chestnut hill restaurants.All great. Inventive, delicious pizzas; friendly, fun, attentive service. I got a Vietnamese-inspired thing that was amazing. My wife got a mushroomy one. You know how so many places have dishes with "wild mushroom" in the name or description, but they just taste like mildly pleasing every day mushroom? This isn't that. Real, intense mushroom flavor. The only part of my meal that wasn't amazing was the beer - only very good.Some of the best pizza I've ever had. They offer creative combinations of toppings and their portion sizes are very large. The pizza dough was hearty, crispy, and flavorful. My extremely tall date and I shared 3 small flatbreads which filled us up:
"Vietnam Veggie" - savory & spicy, 
"Hello, Jo" - classic cheese, and 
"Continental" - greens, asiago, fig & bacon
and had some brews for a total of $40. It's a good place for families, groups, or dates. Only con is that the wait staff seems mildly confused most of the time of which orders go where.I finally went for the first time (how long have I been in Mt. Airy???) and kind of love the energy, atmosphere and food of this place.  It was a Sunday night and the place was packed with families and couples.  I ordered a can of Sofia (sparkling wine) and the Gatherer.  Man friend ordered the Hunter (yes, I noted the cliche of our order) and the Klarke Kent.   We split a small Sweetie Pie for dessert.  Everything seemed so fresh and yummy.  I can see this becoming a regular for us.We just moved to the area and went on a Friday night. I thought the service was great that night. Their beer was tasty and the food was good. It wasn't the best in the world but pretty good and the place is a nice place to take friends when they come to visit. Its a decent hang out place and I would go again because I had fun  that night but I think it had more to do with the company I kept than giving praise all to the place...I quite like Earth Bread. I go every couple weeks and they've always got a new selection of local/craft brews to try.  The food is generally above average, but the selection is kind of small.
The only thing that really bothers me about the joint is the noise.  It seems like every time i'm there there's a few families with kids.  The last time i was there i noted they installed some noise reduction items to the ceiling.  Honestly I'm not sure it helped, but it was nice to see.
server quality can be hit or miss...  still 4/5 stars.