Food was excellent, service was top notch. Couldn't have asked for a better dinner. Staff was attentive and very friendly.i was in DESPERATE need of gyros one day.  i decided to call in a take-out gyros salad because it would not have been appropriate (or kind to my coronary arteries) to ask for an entire box of gyros. the salad sizing was super confusing - mini, small, medium, large, etc. so i just asked the girl what would be an appropriate entree salad size. i think i ended up getting the small, which in all actuality was an appropriate amount of food.
the salad was fancypants. there was a boiled egg, some anchovies, feta cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, pitted greek olives, and probably some other stuff that i can't exactly recall. it was topped by a generous portion of gyros that wasn't too oily per previous reviews. i ate most of the salad except the boiled egg and the anchovies (simple is better sometimes.) the only downside was the sodium content of that dish; i had a "i'm coming, elizabeth!" experience within an hour of eating the salad. my heart did recover, but i was super puffy the next day from all the salt. 
nota bene: despite menupages saying effie's takes credit cards, YELP is right - effie's is CASH ONLY.
******UPDATE - July 2013*****
i received the following message from the owner. Please note that it DOES TAKE CREDIT CARDS at this time.
"Hi, this is Effie Bouikidis from Effie's Restaurant,
I'm sorry to bother you. I noticed that at the time of your visit we were not accepting credit cards, but that is not the case any longer. The reason I am messaging you about this is because your review shows up under our name when people are searching for restaurants, specifically the comment about not accepting credit cards. May I ask that you edit your review to correct the "cash only" comment? It would be greatly appreciated. I'm sorry for any inconvenience. Thank you very much! Join us sometime!"Although we were thrilled with our seating in an small building behind the restaurant with the doors wide open in February, we were thrilled with the food that we were served. The beet salad, zucchini chips and seafood appetizers were all delicious. The lamp chops were cooked perfectly and the Effie's chicken was also a great entree choice.   Would definitely come back but in warmer weather!The food here is not bad at all and I loved the environment and the seating outside. My only complain is the prices and also the service. We walked in and nobody greeted us for two minutes even though we were obviously standing at the door and the server didn't agree on splitting the check and was only able to take one card. It was very inconvenient.The zucchini chips alone warrant this restaurant the four stars. They're absolutely perfect! Much better than Estia's chips, which is up the street and much more expensive. Effie's is the quintessential neighborhood restaurant. Everyone that works there is friendly, the Effie's chicken is delicious, and in the summer, their roasted fish dishes are fantastic. Last night, I went with a group of about 9, and unfortunately, the server forgot a dish, and one guest received cold lamb. The place itself is starting to show a little age- it could definitely use some TLC. This cash only BYOB is a consistent, good meal.Average greek food. Nothing fancy, but healthy. Good service. Extra point for outdoor seating and BYOB.I had a group of 6 here for my birthday dinner on Friday.  We had a semi private round table upstairs - it really felt like we were in someone's living room.  A good thing, in my book.  The whole place is cozy and intimate. 
I've been on a Greek food kick motivated by my recent visits to Kanella's, which is just down the street on Spruce St and 10th.  Of course, given the proximity and both being BYOBs, it's hard not to compare the two.  It always comes down to the food for me, and I think Effie's falls short here.  The food isn't as inspired or nuanced as Kanella's.  It could be due to the Cypriot regional influence (think middle Eastern) of Kanella's versus Effie's, which is more mainland Greek, but the food is less spiced, a bit bland and not presented in a way that's inspired.  
I will say that our dinner table lingered for 2.5 hours and enjoyed many drinks over the span of several courses, and we never felt rushed or unwelcomed.   I think that speaks to the nature of the inviting atmosphere at Effie's.  Definitely a great place for romantic date. 
I don't like giving 3 stars, because that is a concession to having an average experience - (and who wants to be average?) - but as mentioned above, Kanella's gives Effie's a run for it's money and they'd do well to step up their culinary game.Have been here with a group of friends, date nights, and lastly a family birthday dinner.  Always absolutely amazing!One of Philly's most enjoyable dining experiences.
Effie's doesn't look like much when you first walk in, but request to be seated in the courtyard or in the other dining room out back (an intimate & cozy dining room area with a fireplace) & you will be pleasantly surprised. It feels as though you've stepped out of Philly and into a small restaurant in the Greek countryside.
Great place for a dinner date. 
The food is delicous, you will not be disappointed.Was there last weekend. We were seating in the alley street. Amazing food. Especially lamb chops they so good that worth every dollar. Authentic Greek coffee, and complimentary desert... definitely going back when I'm in town!I ordered from GrubHub--food was great, the delivery guy was really nice.  I'd give them 5 stars but I thought it was a tad overpriced...not really bad, but just a little.Effie's is one of the cheapest BYOB's in the city. Rather than serving elegant, $30 entrees, it helps to fill the need for affordable neighborhood restaurants in Philadelphia. Entrees average $10-15, with daily specials costing around $20-25. We regularly went here, especially in the summer, to share an appetizer plate (about $15) and a few beers or glasses of wine. When it's hot, and you don't feel like eating a big meal, this is the perfect amount of food, and the perfect place to eat it. 
If you're looking for something more, I recommend the daily fish specials, especially if they offer salmon. Effie's other great achievement is the grilled octopus. I never thought I'd eat anything with tentacles, and Effie's converted me. It's lightly charred, and dressed with olive oil and lemon juice. Perfect with that appetizer plate. Oh -- and service is always good.
Smallish groups are welcome, and mild rowdiness is tolerated with surprising good humor. I had my bachelorette party here, as well as celebrations for 30th birthdays, graduations and engagements. This isn't to say that Effie's is noisy - just friendly and unpretentious.The flavors of the food were just okay.  I had the orzo with shrimp and calamari.  It was cooked well and tasted good.  It wasn't great.  There were plenty of shrimp and a good amount of calamari, but the flavor was average at best.  The appetizer portions were horrible.  So small!  We had an appetizer that was $18 and it was served on a bread plate with 3 globs of Greek spreads and 2 dolmas.  It tasted good, but it was not a good value.
The crux of the experience (and this is the 2nd time this has happened, so shame on me) was the server.  She claimed to be the cousin of the restaurant owner and she was from Cypress.  She was rude, unprofessional, pushy, deceptive and didn't explain what anything was on the appetizers with multiple items on the same plate.
 She told us we needed to be done by a certain time when we sat down, which made us feel rushed and uncomfortable.  We were celebrating a dear friend's birthday and we were all hoping for a nice meal and an opportunity to catch up and relax.
She also stamped an automatic gratuity of 20%, which she deserved half of, at most, and for the 2nd time, mentioned nothing of it when she dropped the check.
Bottom line, we did not feel welcomed and the dreadful attitude of our server ruined the experience for me, for the 2nd consecutive time.  I won't make the same mistake again.
Go to Dimitry's, it world's better.Came here for a friend's birthday party and definitely enjoyed everything. We were seated in the area that's separated from the main dining room and the kitchen. Unfortunately, this place isn't well heated and the door opens to frequently to keep any of that warmth in. I recommend bundling up. For starters, we split a bunch of different things for the table - spanikopita, fries, grilled feta, hummus trios. They were all great and we all enjoyed trying the different options. At that point though, I wasn't super hungry because everything else was so filling! So for dinner, I got the chicken soup, which was very creamy, salty and overall pleasant to eat. I was very comforting and it warmed me up quickly! The staff were all friendly and very quick about service despite having to accomodate a ten person party. I would try this place again!Came here just after 9 on a Friday night in a party of three. We had called ahead and made a reservation, but it started raining shortly before we arrived, which messed up their seating arrangements because a bunch of people had been sitting outside and (understandably) wanted to move. So we had to wait a bit for our table.
Anyway, it's a cute place, and the staff were super friendly. We shared a bunch of stuff, mostly appetizers, as our meal. Standouts were the Avgolemono soup (SO good), the pita (soft and warm and yummy), and the grilled feta (soft and spreadable, with a nice little kick of spice). 
I also liked the dolmades (I'm a sucker for those), the octopus salad (great to share as an appetizer), and the zucchini "chips" (which werent really chip-like, but were good - as was the dipping sauce). The Spinakopita were good, though not particularly memorable.
However, service was rather slow, and I was annoyed that, towards the end of our meal, they stopped refilling our waters. Also, we realized after leaving that our order of Keftides never came out. Oh well. It's still a nice and friendly option if you're in the neighborhood, though!BYO with good food. Most dishes are under $20 and you get an incredible amount of food. Feels like very authentic Greek food (except I I'm not the best person to make this call).
I was not a fan of the mussels (out of their shells drenched in garlic) however we loved the feta tomato salad as well as the spanakopita. The chicken gyro and the seafood orzo were also favorites at our table.
I'm giving three stars because the restaurant was very busy with outdoor seating (that we did not get even with a reservation) and we were often forgotten about for service indoors. The restaurant inside was SO hot - we were sweating the entire time.
The food was good, so I may do this for take out moving forward. Or try and get outside seating on a nice day.If you don't know about the magic of Effie's you should. Amazing food, accommodating staff, beautiful outdoor seating and SO CHEAP. Go there with a couple bottles and just order all the share plates. You'll never feel rushed, in fact, you'll feel right at home.
My favorite restaurant in PhillyI hate to say it, because I love Greek food and wanted to like this place, but it was probably the worst meal I've eaten in my three years in Philadelphia. For starters, the saganaki was completely bland, undercooked (i.e., not gooey enough) and they didn't set it on fire at the table! My co-diners ordered a stuffed chicken that was completely bland and *way* overcooked (and thus, very dry). My moussaka was okay, but that was the only decent thing about the meal. Overall a very disappointing meal. I would not go back.Effie's is my favorite greek place in philadelphia. The food is delicious and the owners and staff are extremely nice.With all the attention that Cypriot BYOB Kanella has been getting in Washington Square West, we thought it would only be fair to try out Effie's, an unassuming Greek BYOB just a few blocks away. Effie's has a reputation for courtyard seating and decent standards, like octopus and lamb, so we stopped in on a Wednesday to sample the offerings.
They were a little jammed up and grabbing a courtyard table, which seemed relatively easy for 8:30PM on a Wednesday, was out of the question. As we waited to be seated in a two-top along Pine Street we amused ourselves watching the cooks tackling orders while grill-smoke pouring out of the tiny open kitchen.
The first course of calamari was perfectly done. This was some of the best calamari we've had in a long time; if you've read some of our other reviews, you know that we use calamari as the baseline for judging how much care and attention a kitchen puts into the food.
At first glance, it should be an easy dish to make...pull it from a prep dish, batter/bread and deep fry, then serve...but so many kitchens really blow this one, through bad pre-made ingredient, poorly mixed or seasoned coating or due to inattentively over cooking the calamari into fried rubber bands...oh let me count the ways that you can ruin thee.
Effie's calamari was a perfect balance of light, crispy coating, just salty & seasoned enough with tender squid rings beneath. Served still warm, this was a sign of good things to come.
The sampler platter was a decent smattering of bulgar stuffed grape leaves, an eggplant dip, some hummus, cheese and peppers...consistency of the dips were smooth and flavors pronounced...a well-done, if not basic, appetizer. Served with pita points, a decent way to pass the evening over a glass of wine.
Mains brought both great grilling and gritty greens. The lamb rack was perfectly seasoned & grilled, albeit a little on the medium side of medium rare. Resting on a bed of mac & cheese orzo, this was Greek comfort food...except for the sand.
The dish was ruined with the ring of gritty greens that had not been throughly washed...my wife's first bite into them yeilded that 'tween the teeth crunch that kills your appetite...she asked me to try another piece to see if it was a fluke, but after one or two more bites from different bunches of greens the slack-luster prep was apparent. She picked her way around the sides while enjoying the lamb.
I ordered Lamb Lemonato, the lemon potato and lamb dish...basically cubed, grilled lamb & roasted potatos drenched in an lemon-oil sauce. The potatos were hit or miss due to their irregular sizes...some over-cooked & withered, other larger chunks on the edge of doneness, an occasional well-roasted wedge...Seems like short-cut prep strikes again.
The lamb mostly appeared in small scraps and was a little gristly..however, those sizeable chunks that could be found amongst the potatos were decently seasoned and cooked...I found myself digging through the cubes of spud in search of those few remaining lamb chunks that were hiding shadows of my plate created by the al fresco street lighting.
Final verdict? Great place for appetizers. They had actually 86'd two of the apps we wanted to try (tomato tart and the grilled octupus, a favrotie from what I can gather), so we may be back to try those and get some more calamari.
We're staying away from the entrees though...seemed like the poor prep went by unnoticed by the chef making it to the plate. Those sides sabotaged what could've been some great lamb dishes.
Most of the other customers leaving seemed happy though, so maybe it was just a fluke or that fact that we ordered at the end of a busy shift and were left picking through our entrees looking for the delicatable bits...but Effie's stuck us as Iffy's.Very consistently good food and excellent service.  Great outdoor courtyard in the summer.I used to eat here at least twice a month when I lived at 9th and pine, though college and a few years after.
Even when I was a poor student I would always save for dinners here.   
BYOB.. which is great.. wish we had them in portland... Make sure to bring a bottle, although if you forget and  ask nicely, Effie will usually give you a few glasses from her private stash
I was in philly for family visit last week and had one night.. so of course it's effies.
we literally ordered one of everything and loved it all.
While I have no desire to rejoin the rat race that is Philly and the East Coast... I truly miss Effie and her little oasis of Goodness.
Efkharisto.I've walked pass Effie's so many times. I saw on GrouponNow Deal on this place so I thought why not, Let's try it.  This place is BYOB. The food was so so. I would prefer other Greek restaurants around the city.  The place is not very fancy for the price the charge you on food.  This place really need some update.
The hotest/waitress seated us right away gave us a menu then she left us sitting there for almost 30 mins waiting to order food.  Finally I got up to her and asked if we can order food.   I have to say this place is over priced for the amount of food you get.  
I heard they used microwave to cook our food!!!   I heard microwave beeping few times so I am guessing some of the food may not be fresh from the stove.
We had Loukanika and Mousaka.  Loukanika has more two pieces of 2 nothing special sausages and tons of tomato stew with tons and tons of rice.  It was ok. Mousaka was good but again too much tomato stew which over power everything. One cool thing about this place you get complimentary dessert afterward.  It's really good. 
Would I go back?  may be. Too over priced. I would try other places before I return to this place.  I would go back if I find a deal on Groupon again.My fiancee and I stumbled upon Effie's and decided to sit for an impromptu sidewalk meal. We didn't realize it was BYO but my lovely man left me momentarily and was back with two oversized cherry and Apple organic ciders. While he was gone I ordered for us, and I have to say, they were excellent choices!
We started with warm pita and tzaziki. Just lovely with our crisp cider. 
Then we shared the charred octopus, which ended up being a little more of a salad, tossed with tomatoes, onions, fresh herbs and lemon. Refreshing and the octopus itself was still the star. 
We then had some kind of salad (sorry, I forget!) but it had lots of fresh feta and it was killer good. 
We ended with the mousaka. Wow. Wow. Mmm.  Warm cinnamon undertones mingling with the robust tomato sauce and hearty from the thinly sliced potato layer. It was the dead of summer and it was delicious but I can only imagine how satisfying it would be on a chilly night. 
Very reasonably priced, very nice staff and on our way out we realized that there is an adorable courtyard in back. Wish we knew! 
Ambiance is simple, food is simply good and BYO is always bueno in my book.Excellent service for our large group and authentic Greek cuisine. Highly recommend the lamb and fish.I am going to be one of those Yelpers and say this was closer to a 2.5 star experience but, the staff did make some effort to acknowledge our lackluster eating experience so I'll round up. I was part of a party of 8 which is always a lot to take on and we were put at a wobbly table (whatever, it happens) upstairs which lacked the first floor's festive environment but, as a whole, harkened back to that quaint European vibe. None of the food was bad (not an endorsing way to lead in to a review) with some of it being great and others just ordinary. Something that bothered me although I have a hard time faulting the employees who understandably would have trouble saying no to a bigger tip is that, despite our inquiries about what and how much we should order, they gave us no indication that we really were ordering way too much food, at one point saying their dishes were pretty small which led us having no appetite by the time our entrees arrived. The $18 sampling appetizer was nice, although nothing too special. I would pass on the calamari, meatballs, hummus platter, and the entree tomato sauce pasta dish as they were all pretty generic and in my opinion, could be found elsewhere for a cheaper price point. Three of my friends ordered the salmon and while they all thought it had a winning flavor profile, all of theirs were sashimi level undercooked and upon noting it to the waitstaff, they only took two off of the bill and instead sent us complimentary pastries. While this may not have been the best way to handle a unanimous cooking error, I did feel like they made an effort to rectify the situation. The pastitsio I ordered however is one of the better ones I've had in the Philadelphia area with great tomato and béchamel sauces, I just would've liked it to be a few dollars cheaper. I think if everything was 2/3rds of the price, I would be more amenable to coming back but, unfortunately, I think the menu for the most part is priced too high for what it is food and atmosphere-wise as there are more affordable Greek eateries as well as more compelling pricey eateries in the city.I went here for a birthday party - there was a reservation, but it still took some time to get seated.  Not unreasonably long, but long enough to get sick of standing around.
The food (lamb lemonato with a saganaki appetizer) was pretty good.  It did not really rival my Yiayia and Papou's cooking, but it did the trick.
The whole layout looks really nice and is a solid date-night spot.  It also has the kind of formal and yet casual-at-heart vibe that you find in Greece.  
If you want to go to Effie's, don't worry about running nonstop all the way from Marathon, but do make sure to stroll-by sometime.I had booked a reservation for my birthday at Effie's 6 weeks in advance for the upstairs room for 14 people. When I called to make the reservation I spoke with a man who explained the menu to me and we chose what my guests would have. I was really excited because it's a BYOB, not to expensive and I'd been there once before for a similar party. A few days for my birthday I called to confirm and everything was set. The day of my birthday, the owner called again to "make sure i was still coming." Oh course I was still coming, I had 14 people driving into center city for my party!  My reservation was for 8pm, I got there at 8:10pm and a few of my people were already there. The hostess/server brought me upstairs to the room, and there was another party at my table! I was told we would have the whole room, I definitely was not expecting to sit at 2 separate tables in a corner nook no big enough to fit 1 table, next to the only bathroom up there!  Are you kidding me, NO WAY! 8 people couldn't fit there let alone 14!! So I went back downstairs and asked to speak with the manager/owner.  The hostess went to the open kitchen, talked to the owner (who was cooking), whispered something, came back and said she'd be out in a few minutes. 45 minutes, and 14 hungry people later she still didn't come out of the OPEN kitchen to talk to me, I could see her ignoring me!!! So, I went back there to find out what was going on, whether the group was finishing, what happened... anything... Turns out, they gave away my table to a walk in group of 12 people at 7pm!! A 12 top does not turn over in an hour!!  I booked 6 weeks in advance and now I didn't have table to fit my group.  I worked in restaurants for 6 years, and that was the absolute worst service I had ever encountered.  She was rude, gave me BS excuses and they got angry with me for getting upset. I will NEVER go back, neither will anyone from my group. And, the one time I had been there before, the food wasn't that good. Total FAIL.This has been my favorite restaurant since day one, almost exactly 2 years ago.
When I went the first time, it was a tad pricey for a freshman in college, but definitely the kind of classy that you want. Not a snooty classy, but an authentic Greek beauty classy, in the hardwood upstairs, terrace with small fountains and mosaic tabletops, or semi-private carriage house.
It used to be less popular, and finding a private experience was easier. The food- phenomenal, especially the lamb  lemonato and the original mese platter. The platter is no longer available but they have another in its stead that is okay.
The male  servers are SWEETHEARTS. We are regulars, and of our probably 12 times there, we've had the same Croatian man 9 times. We twice had the young guy (also very nice), and recently a new blonde girl. She was rude, forgetful, and didn't know details of the menu  at. all. Effie herself will come off as harsh, but only on really busy nights. And eventually, you might even get a recipe out of her, but be prepared with pen and pencil because she rarely shares with anyone, including her sous chefs.
Unfortunately, in the past 8 months it became very popular, so the menu changed and the prices went up about 30-40%. It's  much less affordable for us, now. It's very busy Friday/Saturday nights. A new yummy, light appetizer is a the Watermelon, Feta, Mint salad.  An affordable option is the gyro and other dishes at the very bottom left of the menu.
I would have given it 5 stars, but lately it's just too much money. Price range for 2 entrees and a sharable appetizer plus tip- 60-80 dollars.Ehhh...Effie's is nice...but it as hard for me to keep track of the individual dishes since many of them were not super memorable. We came here as a group and were offered the really nice private dining spot in the back. Our meal included three types of hummus, Greek salad, spanakopita, and I got the moussaka and fried fish. I thought the hummus selection was interesting and was delighted that some were slightly spicy and offered a good kick, however, they were a bit too dense for my taste. The salad was decent, but certainly very fresh. I really did not enjoy the spanakopita primarily because the wrapping had a weird, bad water taste that I couldn't get rid of. The fried fish was really good, although I think less fried would have made it perfect. The tail was crispy and the head thoroughly cooked through. The moussaka is a monstrous beast, although I think the size was more impressive than its complexity. That being said, it was still very good and filling. 
At the end of the day, everything was good, but nothing stood out. So, solid 3 stars all around.I don't recommend going to this place in the winter. I was sat in the back carriage house with no heat. The door was constantly left wide open. Very cold everyone was eating in winter coats and heavy sweaters. I didn't wear a heavy sweater because I didn't think it would have been a carriage house with no heat I was told by one of the workers "it's not summer time you should be wearing a coat" the food was good but I'm sure you can get the same quality of food with nicer staff. I feel like this happens a lot cause I seen multiple reviews with the same thing and I said ahhhh that sounds a little far fetch but nope happened to me.Delicious Greek food! Sitting on the patio or the garden during the warmer months but also has more private indoor seating. Hummus is delicious! Accommodating for gluten free diet restrictions.Pretty disappointed with my experience last Friday night here. 
Everything got off to such a great start with the tzatziki and spanakopita. Both were well above average compared to what I've been served in other Greek restaurants. But then came the entrees, ouch. I got the Shrimp Santorini which was an embarrassment of a $23 plate. The shrimp were small, unseasoned and few and far between. The rest of the plate was just a pile of rice with basically tomato sauce on it. Big time letdown after eying up this item all week while playing the menu game. My girl got a stuffed chicken which was Sahara desert dry and unseasoned. It also inexplicably came with a sad pile of peas in the corner which got no love from either of us. They gave us a piece of pie on the house for desert, but it also was marginal at best.
We used Savored and they didn't initially take the 30% of the bill but they quickly corrected this when we mentioned something. Otherwise our service was smooth all night although we were put right next to the live music and ended up having to shout at each other all night. The only other option was to be put in the back of the restaurant alone which was even more an outdated space than the front. Thanks but no thanks Effie.This place is romantic, homey, and welcoming. I would give 5 stars for atmosphere--it's a quality place for a date or a nice dinner with friends. I had the feeling that I was actually in Greece in some ridiculously talented chef's backyard...
Everything is reasonably priced, and DELICIOUS.I came in on a Saturday night with Katie B. and about 7 others. The place is definitely outdated and needs some new interior design. 
We started with hummus and zuchinni chips. Both were great and very authentic. Our food was pretty quick. Unfortunately one of our friend's meal was cold and he had to wait about 15 minutes to get it back. There was also a dish forgotten. I ordered the shrimp santorini which was just eh. Nothing was special about it and it was small portioned. For being a BYOB I think they are decently priced, especially compared to Kanella. 
This is actually a great place for a group if you're at the large table on the second floor (like we were). I thought the service was also mediocre. Our waitress came around at very sporadic times which wasn't helpful when there was a meal cold which could have been resolved much quicker.Food was delicious. My mouth is still watering at the memory of the whole fish special. We went on a night when they had a vegetarian moussaka, which was very good; not sure how pescetarian friendly the menu would have been otherwise. The management was attentive and accommodating. The place is cozy, but there were apparently a number of rooms in addition to the main room (including a back building and an upstairs area).Effie's has really great food, but for me it's atmosphere is what makes it. The restaurant is in an old house, with dining areas throughout it, even in the garden! The family staff is really hospitable, but occasionally slow with service. None the less, a good find.A couple friends and I shared a mini-buffet late Sunday afternoon... it's the way to go!!!
I will have to choose moderate as the price range, but trust me, it is much closer to $11pp than it is to $30pp. (Someone should change the price range options to $10 or $15 increments. My mom would balk at $30pp, but not at $11, even though they're in the same group. lol)
We chose to sit at a sidewalk table, and it was quite pleasant. Side street, barely any motor traffic, and very little foot traffic. Good for people watching, though, as you can see the people on Pine Street.
The staff makes you feel like an old friend even if it's your first visit.
On to the food, I don't like calamari, but someone always insists I taste it, and this is the freshest I've had. There's a shrimp and mussel dish in some kind of lemony/mustardy sauce that is absolutely delicious, even though I am not a fan of mussels. There's a "seared cheese" dish that I couldn't believe I liked... Actually, I am craving it right now, which is what reminded me that I had a review to write. lol. I am still trying to figure out what the taste of that cheese evokes, but it is good.
And then my favorite things in no particular order: 1 - the hummus... It is divine. It is fresh, it is lumpy, and it tastes AWESOME. I am addicted to it. We had to send for more pita bread three times. Which brings me to number 2: The pita is the best I've ever had. It is slightly crisp yet soft and fluffy all at once. It is heavenly. 3: The chicken souvlaki sandwich. I stuffed my face with a little bit of everything, but the sammie I just HAD to finish. The flavors are BEAUTIFUL. lol It's the only word I can think to describe it.
Just be sure to scrub the smell of onions off your hands afterward. lol
NOTE: Effie's does not open until the evening. Please don't try to go for lunch. lolBecca:
Spring finally showed up in Philly which made it the perfect setting to enjoy some authentic Greek food with my work colleagues outdoors.  We first noticed how incredibly charming the decor was on the outside.  Vine climbs up the brick walls and there are little lights strung across the back patio. SUPER cute.
Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  "Bread service" consisted of simple grilled pita and olive oil which was a perfect start to a great evening.  We ordered the calamari and grilled octopus salad for appetizers.  Both were fresh and seriously divine.  The calamari was perfectly breaded to give enough crunch and the flavors of the octopus salad blended together excellently.  I would say both were decently portioned for 3 hungry girls.
For dinner, my friend ordered the Branzino special which looked and tasted amazing.  It was served aside a simple, yet delicious combo of asparagus and potatoes.  My other friend got the Shrimp Santorini which honestly looked forgettable but apparently tasted great.  Carrying the seafood theme, I got the Armonia which was a trio of mussels, calamari, and shrimp over a spicy orzo and W O W! Seafood was fresh and abundant.  Honestly would get this meal 10/10 times.  All of the entrees are decently priced (~$20-25) and well-portioned. 
Our meals were rounded off with a free Greek custard pie (so sorry I don't know the traditional name!) that was light, flaky, and just the right amount of sweetness. 
Though they were not super busy, we never felt rushed during the meal.  We enjoyed our wine, each other's company, and the fabulous ambience for probably around 30-40 minutes after our meal.  Perfect for intimate get togethers (either with friends or a significant other) and there is a separate indoor area in the back which looks great for private parties/events.  OH and did I mention its BYO?! Overall, wonderful experience!Great Greek BYO! Had a great meal here with a big group - the braised lamb, the moussaka, and all the appetizers were amazing. Very reasonably priced, and our server was very attentive and nice. Would definitely go back!Go for the food, the pricing, and the BYOL/W/B, the service is a bit spotty, at least it was the Saturday night I went.  The food was very authentic - having been to Greece a number of times - and well prepared, all-in-all a great experience.Salad was excellent, lamb inedible. After chewing it like gum had to discreetly spit out. Sat outside and the chairs & set-up were extremely uncomfortable. Waiter was eye candy & attentive so felt guilty & had to leave a big tip.This is hands down the best Greek restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining at.  Kanella is great, but Effie's is Legendary. This is the real deal, authentic, fresh, amazing flavors and good portions.  If I could only recommend one restaurant to someone visiting the city, this would be it.
If you're the type of person looking for first class waitstaff and a luxury experience, don't expect to find it here, this place is run by a few dedicated individuals who do the best they can with the limited staff they have.  You might have to wait a bit for your table even though you had a reservation, and they won't be as attentive as a server at Del Frisco's, but who cares? You come here to eat amazing food, not be treated like the king of the world.
A+++++ Would dine here again...over, and over, and over again.I am a huge fan of this place. It is great for groups especially because it's byob, but definitely make a reservation because it's small. They were extremely accommodating and worked well with our dietary restrictions. I don't think anyone was disappointed by their food. It's extremely affordable and the pasta portions are pretty large, so you could probably share a few. I loved the Makaronia and would highly recommend it. The group really enjoyed the Saganaki as an app. Great location, definitely worth trying out if you're looking for yummy greek food and a casual place to wine and dine.Was excited to try out this restaurant, as I had walked by it a few times and loved having the ability to dine al fresco. On weekend nights the place is packed and I think they were a bit short staffed on the night we were there. The service was so-so, but I think that's a result of them being really busy, so I don't hold any points against them. Unfortunately for me, the food was not enjoyable. I usually love everything that I eat at Greek restaurants, but this time I struggled to find something that I really liked. It wasn't terrible, but definitely needed some more seasoning.Excellent Greek food, service was really good, prices are reasonable. The portions were huge. The menu had a good variety. Very pleased with this place. We sat outside and that area was really cozy and inviting.Our hotel recommended Effie's and 3 of us loved our dinners so much that we came back two nights later. There are over 40 restaurants in the area, and these guys were so good we didn't even want to try anywhere else. Hard to imagine that the food would top our first dinner of lamb chops and pasta but the second time we had Lamb Shanks that just fell off the bone. Full of flavor but not greasy. Everything is authentic and all hand made with love by a very nice staff too. There are only 8 tables so make a reservation - you don't want to miss out on this tiny family gem. Can't wait to return to Philly some day to eat here again.The food was good, not great. The service was the problem at Effie's. There was a large party inside and we were outside. We ordered two appetizers and one entree. They brought one appetizer and then our entree, completely missing the second appetizer. The woman's excuse was, "sorry, the large party inside is killing us". That's not an excuse as I'm sure they booked that large party well in advance to staff appropriately. Also, ANY decent restaurant would typically say let us bring you the forgotten appetizer and it's no charge. Nope, they brought it afterwards and still charged us for it. Cheaper National chains would do that but a Mom and Pop place doesn't? Unacceptable. So with bad service and decent food, I'd recommend another Greek restaurant. Even through it's technically Cyprian, Kanella is a FAR superior place to eat.If you are looking for excellent Greek food and a great atmosphere...don't go to Effie's. The food is decent but not nearly worth what they are charging. Don't get me wrong, when I go out in the city, I expect to pay a little more for my meal, but at almost every restaurant I have been to in the city, I have gotten a lot of bang for my buck. Excellent food, great atmosphere and ambiance, beautiful/interesting decor, and excellent service are all things that you hope for in return...the only one I received at Effie's was great service. I was treated to a night of the cook/owner screaming profanities (in an open kitchen) at his staff that made a grown man cringe, the restaurant (and the bathrooms!) were dirty and in need of some serious refurbishing, and I was served my bottle of wine in a coffee cup. All-in-all I would say Effie's is a poorly run, far less than mediocre restaurant in a city that offers many great dining experiences...do yourself a favor, go somewhere else!The place is really cute! The food is nice! My gf got the chicken soup and it was very tasty! We had the Greek salad which was a very nice size. They serve bread with spices for free. We also got the whole Branzino fish which we shared. It was tasty! They got us desert on the house because it was our first time at the place. Highly recommended!Went here with a pretty large group (7 of us). They sat us outside within minutes of our arrival. We ordered 6 apps, 7 entrées and the desert was on the house as a gift. We are a family so we passed around all dishes so everyone could taste the menu and everything I had was cooked perfectly. The portion size were more then generous and the safe was extremely friendly. Everything was fresh and you can see them cooking it in their tiny open kitchen. We spoke with one of the people who worked there. The family came from Greece is 1985 and opened the place. They are the real deal! I was presently surprised since I've lived in philly for 11 years and never heard of it before it was suggested by a friend. My now go to when I am craving Greek food!We had a wonderful time at Effies. The patio seating is cozy and romantic, and even on a hot day it remains shaded and cool. 
We started our dinner with tzatztiki, piping hot pita, and a plate of very light calamari. The main courses were braised lamb and chicken, both succulent. We had ordered a salad but this turned out to be overkill - the appetizers and two main courses were quite generous in size. 
Definitely will return.Came here with a group of 7 for my friend's birthday.  I called ahead to ask if I could drop off a cake, and they said it was totally fine.  I dropped it off before dinner with candles, and they brought it out with plates and forks, no plating charge.
The food was also great and huge portions, all for a reasonable price.  I got the special (Stuffed Chicken) - so good!  They sat us on their cute back porch area and everything about the dinner was enjoyable.  Will definitely be back!After a recent vacation to Greece, my fiancé and I were craving some authentic Greek food and ventured to Effie's last night. Everything was outstanding! The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming, and we immediately felt at home. The food was delicious as well, and the fact that it's BYOB is a huge plus. Their tzatziki is made with yogurt (not sour cream like some other places in the city), and we had the Loukanika and the Braised Lamb for entrees which were both excellent. At the end of our meal they gave us a complimentary dessert made with phyllo dough, custard, and honey-a really nice treat.
We will definitely be back!Best Greek in the city.  Recently went there for MOthers day.  Everyone in our family was very pleased.  We are snobby about greek food too due to having greek relatives.  
I got the moussaka. It was so good!  
We sat in the back which seemed like an old, rehabbed barn or guesthouse or something. Neat decor. The ambiance was really cool.  Had quite a quaint feel that only historic buildings can give.  I should of asked what the structure was some time ago but the food had my full attention!!!The main thing this BYOB has going for it is the ambiance.  It has a sweet little courtyard, a private oasis in the city, and that great carriage house space at the rear.  We didn't sit in the carriage house because there was a large group in there, but it looks like it would be a good space for a group even though other reviews also mention it as a romantic table for two.  Food-wise, your better bet is to try to get a table at Kanella, which is leaps and bounds better.  Effie's is just ok.  The saganaki is pretty weak.  It doesn't come out in flames (which I only care about for the drama of it), but it's too dense and less flavorful than other Greek restaurants I've been to (Symposium in New York has the best saganaki, Mythos in West Chester, PA is a close second).  I had the Shrimp Santorini with feta, scallions and a nice tomato sauce, which was good - I liked it, but I was disappointed with the portion for how much I paid for it.  For $23, I would have hoped to have gotten twice as much.  Take your $23 a few blocks away to Kanella if you really want Greek, and get yourself something (everything is delicious) that'll blow Effie's away.Eff this place. Go to Kanella instead.
In short, there's just no reason to go to Effie's.  Kanella, also BYO, is just 2 blocks away and is serving Greek food that is more innovative, better-prepared, and comparably priced.
At Effie's I had the lamb souvlaki platter, which had dry, flavorless and overcooked meat.  I asked for double vegetables instead of rice, which I didn't get, but one serving of the over-steamed and tasteless veggies was enough anyway.
There's just no reason to pay $20 for an uninspired and mediocre souvlaki that you could expect to get better in a diner for half the price.  Not when Kanella is doing such a better job just blocks away.Made a reservation and was sat in a room in the back yard, very cozy and romantic.
The service was attentive and warm, the place is charming as a family-run type of place.
The food was great, we ordered the fish and it was perfectly made and seasoned. The greek salad (we requested no lettuce so it's more veggies and actually more athentic) and it was really great, the appetizer platter was also good. This is a BYOB so be sure to bring a good bottle of wine with you.
We will definitely come back again!One of my absolute favorite spots in the city. This is a hidden gem in my opinion, not many restaurants you can go in Philly and get a "home cooked meal". The prices are very reasonable and the staff is great. Don't expect anything fancy, just a very low key vibe and a  very very good dinner. There is a great little private backyard to eat in if it's a nice night. My favorite dishes are the spanakopita, moussaka, Effie's chicken, Gyro, lemon chicken soup and the Greek salad is on another level.Really great food and the prices aren't bad!! The best way I've done their food is to order a bunch of things off their menu and split! That way you can sample everything! The environment is really cute too- make sure you sit outside! A little hidden gem in Philadelphia :)I actually think that the food quality has gone down considerably over the past couple years and the service is veerrry slow, but since it's a byo I often go and plan to take my time so it's not as much of an issue. I think it's mostly carried by ambience/ atmosphere and also it's pretty inexpensive. It's worth trying though. 
I think the food and atmosphere is way better at Kanella around the corner, however, Kanella is a bit more expensive as well.This place is great. It was very small and you definitely get that home cooked feeling because of eating in a house, not a restaurant. First of all, any byo is great to begin with. But then the food was delicious. The cheese, calamari, and shrimp apps were all good.  I had tilapia with risotto which was very good.
The only strange thing was that they kept telling us that one appetizer was good for 2  - 4 people and said our table of 4 should only get 1. We got 2 and then ordered 2 more. They were so tiny!My family and my sister's in-laws came here for Mother's Day with a party of 9. We were seated in the carriage house in the back, which was adorable, private, homey, casual. I really felt transported to a Greek hostel from the ambience and decor! BYOB and good for large parties.
Our waitress was very sweet but the special menu of the day had inaccurately noted which dishes came with sides and she was very unclear about which entrees provided the option of switching sides out for different ones. We were a bit bummed about this because the normal sides aren't that good--rice and string beans--while the beets and the lemon potatoes were fantastic. 
In general, the appetizers were better than the entrees. We tried the meletzanosalata (eggplant dip), fried calamari, grilled feta, and saganaki cheese. Skip the grilled feta, but the rest were great, especially the eggplant and the saganaki. Obsessed.
I ordered the Shrimp Santorini, which came in a huge portion and was warm, saucy, and satisfying. My sister ordered the lamb souvlaki plate, and I really enjoyed that as well. We indulged quite a bit and I think we had some special options due to the holiday so our meal overall was not inexpensive, but entrees are generally $15-20.I really like this little Greek restaurant in the heart of the Gay Village.
Come here early though on weekends because it is bound to fill up with reservations.
Effie's was visited this past weekend with my girlfriend equipped with a bottle of wine from Jose Garces Trading Co. which is on 11th & Locust...so the walk isn't so bad if you wanna pick up a bottle for this BYOB.
I ordered Fish and Chips and she got a Veggie Gyro with fries. Both were delicious, and for appetizers we had grilled feta cheese topped with peppers and tomatoes accompanied by warm, fresh pita.
I highly recommend this spot but be aware...it's not a college budget meal. With the bottle of wine, appetizers, respective meals, and some coffee it came out to be around $75.
A trip back is absolutely in order...when I have the money!Food is okay. BYOB. Knocked it down once spot because the service was poor and waitress was rudeI am shocked by the high reviews for this place.
What is great about Effie's is the ambience, location and service.  
But the food??? eh.
We went with a large group and were well taken care of.  However, at $50 a pop for a BYOB, I would expect some delicious food and that we did NOT get.
The shrimp santorini was a soppy mess of overcooked shrimp on top of overcooked rice.  The chicken souvlaki was dry and inedible (with more overcooked rice).  And the sides of vegetables? eek ... string beans and carrots that had been stewed beyond recognition.  No flavor, no freshness.  The food was about 10 steps below what I would expect from a Greek diner.
I won't even talk about the pita-from-a-bag.
I will not be going back.We just went to Effie's for dinner last night, based mainly on the Yelp reviews.  Once again, the reviews were spot on!  Our meal was lovely.  It was a beautiful evening, so we chose to sit outside.  Although Effie's has a Pine Street address, the entrance to the restaurant is on Quince St., as are the outdoor tables.  It makes for a slightly more private dining experience, though as others have remarked, it does make for good people watching, as you can watch the Pine St. foot traffic. 
We started with an appetizer of imported feta and kalamata olives.  This feta was insanely soft and delicately balanced.  I've had Greek feta that was much saltier--this feta was just right, without any of the briny flavor (which does have its time and place!)  The olives were nice and fruity, but nothing remarkable.  Our next appetizer was the grilled octopus.  These little chunks of octopus were grilled and crunchy on the outside, with a softer, chewier center.  The spice mixture was just right.
For an entree, we shared the lamb souvlaki and a side of the garlic beets.  Mmmmm.  The lamb was cooked perfectly, and was accompanied by a delightful tzatziki, some yummy peas cooked in a tomato sauce (both the boy and I commend on the fact that we don't love peas, but this was a hit), and a bit of rice.  The lamb really did melt in my mouth.  The beets we had were a bit on the sweet side, but several pieces did provide a nice kick of garlic.
All in all, it was a great meal.  The service was pretty quick and our server was very genial and entertaining.  The only real gripe I have is that there were a few flies congregated around as we tried to eat our meal.  We kept having to wave them away, which bothered me more than it did my dining companion.  I suppose that's a hazard of dining outdoors!Disappointing. 
We came here a few weeks back with a big group (9 of us) for a friend's birthday and we were so excited! Effie's is a BYO and we thought there couldn't be a better way to celebrate a birthday with a few bottles of wine, Greek food, and cake (we brought our own)! 
However, the whole experience was just disappointing. We called several days ahead and made sure that they had our reservation and that we could bring our own cake. Everything seemed ready to go. However, when we got there, we still ended up having to wait outside for about 20-25 minutes. I think the wait would have been better if we could have been inside, but with our group we couldn't all fit. It was a rainy, chilly night, so waiting outside was unpleasant. 
Once they were able to seat us in the back garage area, it took about 20 more minutes for our waitress to come with water and a bottle opener (they only have one or two bottle openers, we ended up having to share with the tables around us). So the night was already off to a rough start. 
We were able to order several apps to the table and though it took probably another 20 minutes, the food was pretty tasty. The pita was the most enjoyable part. It was warm and felt light and fresh. I think I ate one basket by myself. 
We ordered our dinner, which took another an hour to come to the table. (I'm not sure if that was meant to be part of the experience? Maybe it is meant to be a sit back, enjoy your wine, and relax, but it just came off as slow and frustrating.) The food, again, was good, but in my mind not worth the wait or the cost... 
I'm glad they let us bring our own cake, but the waitress brought the cake to the table when several of the group members went to the bathroom. Awkward and terrible timing, I felt bad for the birthday girl. 
I think if I come back, I'll try to do it with a much smaller group!!I like Effies. It is refreshing greek food where you can really taste all the flavors. If you're into Greek food, don't expect anything you've never tasted before or a total reincarnation of a classic. This place is uncomplicated and satisfying and nice to have in the neighborhood.  
Also, the pita is slightly grilled and delish. I definitely recommend the sample platter thing for appetizers. Thetzatziki is truly delightful as well. 
And if the weather is right, don't forget about the garden patio seats. It doesn't get much better than unassuming greek food on a warm summer night....I plan on taking anyone here who enjoys great food with a genuine atmosphere. 
Try their moussaka.
Great for all seasons- garden in the back 
Very romanantic
BYOBI went to Effie's on Friday night with a group of 15 to celebrate a friend getting a new job and moving away. The staff was accommodating to our large group and allowed us to move our tables around and get comfortable. We sat upstairs which was a room that seems to be designed to hold one or two large parties. The other large party that was seated upstairs was quite a bit younger and louder than our group. We didn't mind, but I could see it being very annoying if you are expecting a calm, nice dinner. It's a BYO and both my party and the unknown other group brought (and drank) more than enough. The food was good. Has an almost homey feel to it. My favorite dish was the grilled feta starter - it was fantastic! Grilled feta topped with olive oil, tomatoes, jalapeños - great! I have eaten here one other time long ago and sat in the courtyard - I remember it to be a much quainter and quieter experience. I will return again and sit somewhere quiet and outside.Greek food! Big portions! Good prices! And BYOB!
For money you would spend at a place like Chili's or Applebee's, come to Effie's instead! You could be having a souvlaki sandwich or some tasty dishes on rice or pasta! Not only do you get good food, but you can save some money on the alcohol front and BYOB! Definitely I will be frequenting more often :)Came here last night with a party of 9, was able to easily make a reservation in advance through open table and is a BYOB. The front area of the restaurant is cramped and small, which was a slight turn off when we first arrived. However, we ended up in a back private room off the patio. It was raining out so the patio was covered but would be an awesome outside dining area on a nice night. The room we were in really made you feel like you were in Greece, cement walls, authentic décor. Being a large party I think we sampled the whole menu. The highlights of the apps for us were the zucchini fries with aioli, greek meatballs and spanakopita. For dinner I sampled the chicken Slovakia (chicken and tzatziki were very flavorful!!) but the big head turner for me on entrees was the greek sausage dish- which was recommended by our server. Seems to be a family run restaurant, which I love, checking in on us throughout our meal. Even surprised us with a baklava on the house at the end (which is a must order for dessert). My only negative complaint is they never informed us until we tried to pay that for parties greater than 6 it is cash only and they do not have an ATM in house.Mediocre down to earth home cooked greek cuisine. Service is great, the staff is courteous and friendly. Unfortunately I'm pretty sure I saw a mouse scamper into the corner with a bit of pita between his teeth. I quickly forget about this when I heard a ruckus coming from the kitchen which was caused by the owner screaming at the cook. 
After I finished my dry and flavorless lamb lemonado I paid my check and as I walked through the doorway I caught my server getting an earful from the owner as well which I felt was greatly unfounded, she had provided me excellent service with an amiable smile and seemed to be more on top of matters concerning the restaurant than her aggressor. 
Do not go here, Effie's is overpriced, overcooked and flavorless. They do not even have an adequate supply of wine glasses, I don't particularly enjoy sipping from solo cups. 
Effie's is a disgrace to the neighborhood.This place is BYOB, and really cute! When you walk in, you literally feel like you are walking into somebody's kitchen. Which make sense, because there is a partial open kitchen. The space is really small, but if you go into the back (walk outside through a tiny courtyard), there is a back room. Very intimate and romantic setting, and much less frantic.
My group ordered an appetizer platter to share with all the traditional Greek apps, and I ordered the moussaka as my main. It was tasty, and I ate most of it. The best surprise was the baklava dessert on the house. I thought I had no more stomach space, but there is always room for dessert. Yum!
This is a Greek comfort / family food place. Maybe I'm spoiled by a trip to Greece a few years ago, but nothing here really shouts oompa! I feel a really well done gyro can impress me more!Quaint place for weeknight dinner. Service was fast and friendly. Some of the highlights of the menu were the starters ie Greek salad and octopus dish.This place was great when I moved here three years ago. Fresh and authentic Greek food. However, the last time I went here it was not so great. It seemed like they were cuttin' some corners and it was obvious unfortunately :(I've dined here now over ten times...in groups, with one or two close friends, and on a date night.  The one thing that is consistent about this place is that the quality of food completely fluctuates.  I've had dishes I've loved but more often I've had dishes where I leave thinking I could definitely make this at home and way better.
If you're going to dine here, stick to salads, apps and small plates.  The entrees are extremely disappointing - over-sauced; dried out meat; under-seasoned; soggy, un-fresh vegetables.
On a side note the friendliness of the staff also fluctuates. I've come when they've been so lovely and nice and have even given us complimentary dessert and other times when they're rude and tell us that there's a reservation and they need our table 30 minutes after we have sat down.  Note to staff:  a smile and a nice greeting  goes a long way.
Overall, this isn't a great place and could definitely use a makeover, but I struggle because there aren't many Greek places in Philly.One of our favorite places for good home cooked Greek food.   We've always enjoyed our food and the friendly service (and the baklava is FABO!).
If the weather is nice ask to sit outside in the patio (between) the two buildings.  Great atmosphere.  A neighborhood jewel in center city!The atmosphere is adorable and with an extremely quaint outdoor area. Food was delicious. Only complaint was that it was $3 per glass of soda. Which I'd known that ahead of time.Went to Effie's before a Mask & Wig performance for a quick Greek meal steps away from the theater.  The food was competently prepared, but definitely nothing special, and the mezze platter was positively sparse for two people.  The prices were, on the other hand, really outrageous.  A BYO should not cost $75 per couple for one split appetizer and a skimpy entree.  In general, disappointing.Effie's is absolutely wonderful for a birthday dinner or other celebratory occasion! I've been there for two birthday dinners now and both times the servers were delightful and really encouraged our festivities. I appreciate how they really let you take your time with the meal and the ambiance is comfortable and inviting! 
The menu was built for sharing and portions are substantial. This is a place where you should absolutely order as many appetizers as possible because they're all so good! In fact you should probably order double of the fried halloumi. It's such a crowd pleaser.  
Overall, I'm already looking for an excuse to go back!Effie's is kind of iffy.
It's not great. And we had to wait.
Friday night seated at 7:15 pm. 
Dinner arrived at 8:20.
I mean seriously. BYO wine, made it passable, but come on.
Food was good, but it wasn't great. 
The Moussaka is essentially Grecian lasagna with potatoes and eggplant.  Tasty.  Stuffed chicken was pretty good.
The biggest issue is time, and service.  I ended up taking our dinner for 4 tab inside to get the credit cards charged so we could leave.  Inside by the hostess i could see the large metal tray containing uncut moussaka, and food being re-warmed in a microwave.  This is all normal for many restaurants, but it is right in front of you when you go inside.
If they can work it out so the wait between ordering and serving is shorter, then i would recommend this.  Especially because of the price combined with BYO.Overall ok. Service was fine. The spanakopita was delicious. Not a fan of cinnamon and beef together, so the lasagna special was a miss for me. We were sat in the back room which was initially just my party of four and an additional table of two, until a large 10+ group sat down and proceeded to raise the decibel level to that of a Slayer concert. Don't think I'll be back.I went here for a late night dinner with my family. I was craving Greek food so this place looked perfect. Our seating was so nice! They have a little outside garden and we were given a perfect table out there. We ordered a bunch of apps which included: dolmades (amazing) zucchini chips (amazing) and spinikopita (amazing). Everything tasted so fresh and delicious. For our entrees we had a branzino that was cooked perfectly and was super fresh, the Mediterranean pasta, stuffed chicken, and a classic Slovaki. All tasted great! Although the service was a little slow, it's BYO so we were perfectly happy having some wine and hanging out. I don't think you can go wrong with this place. You can tell everything is homemade. Next time I'm in Philly, this will be my first stop.Food is OK but overly spiced - only notable dish on the table (apps and entrees for 4 people) was the octopus salad, which was good, but overcooked. BYOB policy is great. Maybe it was just an off day for the kitchen.Can't beat this classy Greek BYOB in Wash West! I have been to Effie's at least five times in the past few years and have repeatedly gotten their moussaka (baked eggplant, potatoes, beef, tomatoes in shepherd's pie form) because it is literally that good. For large groups, they have set us up in the back dining room, which provides a nice, private environment for larger groups (up to 10-15). On holidays, they will occasionally provide free dessert (scoop of ice cream / baklava).BYOB! Lovely wait staff, great location, ok food. 
Started off with some saganaki, and how can you really go wring with melty cheese and pita bread???  I mean, you can't.
Followed it with a huge portion, which could have easily fed two, of linguini and seafood in a spicy tomato sauce.  It was ok, and certainly hit the spot, but was far from the best mediterranean food I've had.I have fond memories of dinners at Effies during college, but a visit back with a large party last Friday night left a bit to be desired.
Effies has a fabulous atmosphere. Located in an old house with mantles and family photos on the walls, it definitely has a simple, homey feel. It's a family business Greek cooks, servers, etc. On previous visits, I've enjoyed dinner in a private covered dining room on the back patio and live music.
On this visit, we were seated upstairs. They have lots of long tables for large groups upstairs, but it was also pretty stuffy, which improved when I opened all the windows. I was unimpressed pretty quickly when I noticed lipstick on one of the wineglasses on our table. 
Unfortunately, part of our party had an unexpected issue and arrived very late. Although we ordered plenty of appetizers and the restaurant was fairly empty, our waiter made it clear that he was unhappy about the delay and actually gave us a deadline to place an order by! We also ended up being there quite a long time catching up, and were rushed and told it was time to leave by the staff, putting another damper on the evening.
That said, the food is actually very good. We loved the Thessaloniki platter (lots of fresh, delicious pita and dips), the stuffed peppers, and the Effie's chicken. Also very reasonably priced.
Overall, good food, reasonably priced, cute byob for large groups. However, a little more attention to cleanliness and service would have made this a better experience for our group. Don't forget it's cash only!Nice and cozy. Food is above average but not the very best. The person I was with had the whole fish and it was much better than the lamb and potato dish I had (although my dish was good) so next time I'm trying the fish. Staff is very friendly and helpful. 
If going on the weekend, definitely make a reservation.I love Effie's.....
Prices are so reasonable, food is great...atmosphere is adorable...try to sit in the back patio or back house/room.  It is a BYOB
only complaint....sometimes there is a wait (on weekends)
definitely recommendTIP: Now accepts credit cards!
I went to Effie's not expected much. I lived close to the location before and would always pass it. Never did I think of dining here. I went for a special occasion tonight and got what I expected. It's a friendly family owned BYO but the food is so-so. I got the special, vegetarian stuffed peppers, and thought it was a bit tasteless. I added some salt and enjoyed it better. I tired a friend's mashed eggplant app and thought the same thing-- needed more flavor. I wouldn't pick to come back here again. It's just not my thing.Not much more to say than what the stars indicate. It was indeed A-OK, but really not much more. The food was ample but not spectacular. The BYO aspect is nice, but the 4 liters of Cabernet that we killed at the table might have affected the rest of the dining appreciation.Very friendly and family run environment.
Food consistently excellent. Great Greek salad and grilled octopus. Best grilled whole dorado fish in town! Lamb outstanding! BYOB always a plus for  your taste and the check. Prices reasonably on the lower side.Spinikopita was amazing!!  Best Greek food I have had in a long time. The lamb chops were to die for, we asked for them rare and they didn't really what too but they came out rare and were amazing.Got a last minute reservation for a group of 7 on a summer Saturday night.  We were seated in the back "carriage house".  I use quotations because it honestly felt like tables were set up in a shed.  However, I get that the restaurant is microscopic and they are utilizing space.  
Upon arriving, we had to ask, multiple times, for some ice for our beers/wine.  We had walked 10+ blocks and our beverages were nearly boiling.  After getting settled, we decided to create our own Greek "tapas" meal by ordering a bunch of specials, appetizers, side dishes, and main courses to share.  We thought it was a fabulous idea as none of us were too hungry on such a hot night.  
Well, the waitress was NOT a fan of us doing this.  We were met with an attitude like you couldn't believe.  OK, I totally get that if a table of 7 doesn't order a ton of stuff it is disappointing to a server.  But to make that obviously known to your guests?  Disgusting.  Go in the kitchen and make a stank face, if you are so inclined.
There are a ton of BYOBs in the city and honestly, I don't see myself visiting this one again.  Being rude to your customers is never a good business plan.I'm a little disappointed in Effies. First of all, it's a high end restaurant with cash only. Who does that when you're charging more than 10 bucks for something? Come on Effies! 
Second, the pita was amazing. But the balsamic they put into the olive oil wasn't what I'm used to. It was thin and cheap, if you're going to put it in there, make it a luxury to experience. Or put it on the side. 
Third, my meal was mediocre. I was REALLY excited to come here. I'm Greek. Effies is Greek. I figured, grilled chicken souvlaki with homemade tzatziki sounded awesome. It was dry, the tzatziki was meh and came in some cheap miniature plastic cup. 2 tablespoond for 2 large skewers of chicken. :\ The peas had good flavor. I didn't like the rice that came with it but my mom did. She got the Effies Chicken and also felt it was mediocre. Not bad, just not great. We had such high hopes for this place but left needing a snack later and some cash. 
Apparently they have a sunday brunch at 11. I might come back and try that, see if the brunch food beats the dinner.Decent food. Had the braised lamb- got very little lamb and a lot of rice which was a bummer. The other entrees were good- chicken, eggplant etc
Because the weather was wild this weekend- we ate outside and it was so warm and such a cute little setting. Christmas lights everywhere, super nice. The service was good too- attentive waitress who let us know she was serving 50+ people.. So must be good if so packed!Delicious and amazing!  Lucked into a patio table for two on quince street. So cute!  Amazing calamari, flounder and grilled lamb chops - perhaps the best chops ever! Incredible BYOB. No worries about cash only - it is very reasonable!!We were pleasantly surprised with Effie's!  It was a second choice for the night because our first choice was too busy, but I am glad we ended up at Effie's.  We sat outside in the back garden area which was super cute!  Our food was great and of course BYO makes it awesome too.  The only thing was that we ended up having a ton of leftovers after our waitress pushed us to order more food since she thought we didn't order enough.  That wasn't a huge issue though.  Overall we had a great experience and I would definitely go back!
This is one of Philly's higgen gems!Our favorite go-to restaurant in the city. The food is always delicious and the family that runs the restaurant  is friendly! Every menu item is great and authentic Greek food. Our favs are calamari, grilled feta, veggie peppers and the specials ( varies between stuffed chicken, lamb shank, stuffed peppers with beef to name a few).I ordered the mussels and they were satisfactory. A bit salty for my taste, but not bad. My friend ordered the Makaronia entrée and offered me a bite. It was fine but nothing special. 
The atmosphere is lovely, especially the courtyard, which is where we sat. However, the service kinda killed a bit of the overall feeling. Our waitress, though I think it's just her personality, was in a rush because of a date with her boyfriend. She told us we had 45 minutes to eat. Our guest was not amused by this at all. I can't say I've ever been told that in such an abrupt manner, which is why I think it may be her personality. Nonetheless, it was only a slight buzz kill.
My friends keep going back for more, which speaks for itself. However, I think I may try another Greek restaurant for a change of pace.My husband and I actually had a small wedding here.  We live in the city and wanted a great, quaint BYOB.  Effie's was hospitable from start to finish, the food was GREAT.  We used the back private brick room.  Which, after we decorated, made for the perfect back drop.  We are now regulars here and love the prices (ie the private dining menu starts at only $25 pp).  I would recommend Effie's to anyone who just wants a great meal at a BYOB, or even a private event.We had a delicious variety of small plates of fabulous Greek food.  Hummus,grilled octopus, zucchini chips, Greek meatballs, pita, shrimp santorini.A charming BYO tucked away on Antique Row, Effie's serves delicious, authentic Greek food in a cozy atmosphere. It's one of the few places where I'll actually order lamb; the lamb is prepared so well that the tastiness outweighs my guilt over eating it. Save room for dessert, especially gooey, flakey, amazing baklava. Effie's is a great date place, especially in the summer when you can sit in the courtyard. Don't forget to pick up a bottle of wine to enjoy with your meal.I love this restaurant!  Great atmosphere, tons of outdoor seating with beautiful lights and plants.  The service is wonderful, and the restaurant really has a small-town, family feel.  The food is incredibly authentic and delicious.  Plus, BYO is always a plus.  Great spot for a date or make a reservation for a larger group dinner.  FIVE STARS!I came here last year and I loved their mousaka!  I've had it twice and it's delicious (and still very good as leftovers the next day).  The first time I came here was with another couple (downstairs where it's much more cozier) and the second time I came was with a 20-person group (upstairs where it still feels like someone's home).  During my first visit, I also tried the Avgolemono (chicken lemon rice soup) which my boyfriend makes at home all the time.  It was very different from what I was used to (more frothy whipped egg, not too thick) but still tasty.  We tried a bunch of their meats (chicken, lamb, gyro, etc.) and they were all good.  I'm still not certain what authentic Greek food tastes like but this place is tasty.  I have to agree with other reviewers that I wish this place wasn't so pricey.
I'll be back here and I'll update accordingly.Great Octopus. Lamb shank was killer.  Bronzino was perfect.Party of 6, sat outside on the patio (nice for a private party) - service was fine, nothing exceptional (a little slow here and there). The owner (Effie, I assume, though not sure), sitting on a stool at a small table near the kitchen, somehow did not bother to get up and greet us at the door - not that I am expecting personal service, but if the owner is there (or at least if it were me), I would be greeting people and building future business. 
Generally, Greek places (at least those i have been to in Europe) are lively affairs, hustle bustle, waiters singing, pouring ouzo - anyway, the place was half empty and at the end of the meal I understood why with so many other options around - the food was just not up to par - we started with the octopus salad, tomatoes, cucumber and feta cheese (3$ per 3 pieces), then had a sampling of dishes (souvlaki, Chicken Effie, salmon) - the salmon (which i sampled from a neighbor) was, imo, the best thing at the table - well cooked, topped with spinach,  but otherwise nothing jumped out, even the tatziki was so, so. The menu is fairly limited and does not seem to have changed a lot over time.
That said, the price was reasoable and it is a BYOB and unlike Kanella you are likely to find a table here. 
All in all, would not go out of my way to stop there again.the only redeemable thing about the entire meal was a fried calamari appetizer,  it was tender and not chewy at all.
i ate here once 10 years ago and remembered it being really good ----
did i drastically change since then, or was it you effie's ?
`triple yuk yuk yuk!!!
i can definitely say the server was sweet and nice, but the food was gross! soggy rice. over cooked everything. old canned or frozen vegetables. flavorless lack of care and totally slopped together.
we coudn't and didn't eat what we ordered, we just left...feeling 
bad.
bad day effie's? 
how can a restaurant with so much neighborhood acclaim and history let down so fully and greatly?
waste of time and money.
what happened?I love this place the food is amazing. I go sometimes twice a month. I never can complain about anything. Always good food. Its also byob which is nice, the food prices are good and the food portions a big as well. Sometimes call to hold a table for a small place they get packed.I used to live in the hood, and I will really miss this place. Their food is so fresh and the staff is super friendly. The cute long-haired waiter offered me a shot of ouzo while I waited for takeout and the chef/cook? gave me free tzaziki because I had to wait a little longer than anticipated.I don't recommend going to this place in the winter. I was sat in the back carriage house with no heat. The door was constantly left wide open. Very cold everyone was eating in winter coats and heavy sweaters. I didn't wear a heavy sweater because I didn't think it would have been a carriage house with no heat I was told by one of the workers "it's not summer time you should be wearing a coat" the food was good but I'm sure you can get the same quality of food with nicer staff. I feel like this happens a lot cause I seen multiple reviews with the same thing and I said ahhhh that sounds a little far fetch but nope happened to me.I had a mixed experience at Effie's. I wanted to love it based on Yelpers reviews, but some things were holding me back. 
When we first arrived we were seated in the carriage house (out back). I think the waitress wanted to give us privacy, but no one was in there, so it was a little creepy and stuffy. We moved outside to the patio garden, which was much nicer on a summer night.
The service was also just okay, not rude but definitely not friendly either. The first glass of water they brought me had a bug in it and when I told the waitress she didn't say a word (no apology?). Our food also came out at a slow pace, but maybe it's a deliberately relaxed atmosphere...
On to the positives...all the food we had was good. I'm not a Greek expert, but the food had a home cooked feel about it which I enjoyed. We started with an appetizer sampler. My husband had shrimp with tomato sauce over rice. The best dish of the night was my lamb souvlaki pita sandwich served with fries. The lamb was very tender and tasty! For just $10, I would ignore all my other qualms and go back just for this.
*BYOBThis place was a disappointment based on reviews. The service was poor - it felt as though we were not welcomed. The food was ok. The appetizers was a huge miss - the dips and keftedes lacked flavor. The main dishes - mousaka and lamb soulsvaki were better. There are better choices in philly.People who rave about this restaurant need to try other Greek restaurants to see that Effie's is nothing to brag about.
One of the worst dining experiences in a long time. The dining area in the front of the "house" is very cramped and not inviting...the outside looks a lot better than the inside.
 We were offered seating in the "carriage house", basically a brick garage with french doors and no real heating system. Try eating here on a cold December night, the wait staff leaves the door ajar and some ignorant diners don't' bother to close the doors behind them, leaving the wind blowing at our back and on our legs. We had to reach behind us to close the doors for the whole room a few times.  I might as well have ordered the food and sat in my car.
Our table had a huge puddle of water on it...I was afraid the roof was leaking. After a few minutes of holding our menus off the table, our waiter arrived and tried to clean up the water. I asked where it came from and he mumbled something that sounded like "the wine bucket".   The waiter had such a strong accent, that it was very hard to understand the specials of the evening, of which there are very few, nothing exciting.
We ordered the Thessaloniki plate, which looked nothing like the picture on their web site. Grape leaves were a bit tough to eat and we ran out of pita before our dips were gone. Asked our waiter for more bread and we never saw him again until our entrees were brought out, along with the break basket, so now we had to configure our table for 2 to include our entree plates and to retain the appetizer plate. We also ordered  the octopus salad. Octopus was overdone & unseasoned, not tender or juicy, no flavor but was served on a bed of well seasoned diced tomato, 
I ordered Moussaka as my entree, large slice on my plate, but not delicious enough to keep eating it or take it home. I can't swear that the meat was even ground lamb, it was so overdone and dry, it could have been anything. My dining partner enjoyed his lamb souvlaki plate, but  when he asked for a refill of his Coke, the waiter said they were all out of Coke, only had diet coke left. Oh well, guess the BYO meant soda, not just wine or spirits. After listening to the couple next to us discuss which bars were great for cougars, the entire time we were there, we just had enough and wanted to leave. We waited so long for the waiter to return, he never stopped to see if the entrees were ok or if we wanted our plates cleared or even if we wanted dessert. Perhaps he went out to get us more Coke?...we were almost ready to walk to the main house to ask for our check. Finally, the waiter arrives with our check and since we didn't order dessert, 2 pastries "on the house", they were delicious, but sadly, didn't make up for the poor service, and unpleasant seating conditions. The staff all have a scowl on their faces and seem really unhappy to be there, but then again, so were we.First of all, this place has great service - you really feel at home here. My wife and I split the Thessaloniki appetizer, the large sampler entree and some baklava - all very good! Would certainly return here! Also, they are BYOB with no corkage fee which certainly helps ;)Decided to go here for a birthday dinner with friends on a Friday evening. The servers were nice and friendly but lacked the attentiveness. The food was good however portions were below average for the price paid. We had to wait 30 minutes for our entree to come out despite the restaurant not being full at 8:00 pm. I do hope that the establishment will look into improving the customer experience. It was disappointing.Food- can't comment on because we left before ordering why? Because of the service! 
Service- Horrible! We got seated in a corner after the rain so my chair was wet, wanted to exchange the chair with a dry one( which I was willing to do myself) and the waitress right away was like "I can't work like this" my gf asked for a straw very nicely, she threw the straw on the table and another incident after that. 
Overall- we've been to a lot of restaurants but lost our appetite after that terrible service! No go for me sorry!!!We had a very pleasant dinner at Effie's.  We went on a Friday evening in the summer and sat outside.  It wasn't crowded and we accomplished exactly what we came to do, catch up, have a few bottles of wine, and enjoy a nice meal.
We started with the Meze Plate, which was delicious and plenty for four to share as we sipped our wine and chatted.  They gave us plenty of out-of-the-oven sliced pita bread to soak everything up.  For our mains we had Moussaka, Makaronia, Lamb Souvlaki Plate, and the Lamb Lemonato.  I ordered the Makaronia and wiped my plate clean. Sometimes I get in the mood for pasta, and the combination of bacon, spinach, and mushrooms alone is enough for me to pull the trigger.  Add in some Greek cheeses and I am sold.  I was able to taste some of each plate, and in my opinion everything was very flavorful.  I thought the moussaka was especially delicious, even when heated up in the microwave the next day.
The service was also great.  We had a nice young lady as our waitress who was exceedingly polite and understanding.  At no point did we ever feel rushed, even as the outdoor area was nearly full up as we were finishing our wine.  The prices were reasonable as well.  All in all, a very nice experience and would return when in the mood for a relaxing evening and some good Greek cuisine.I went in here to grab a bite a few weeks back on a Saturday night. Effie's is a warm, well lit little building. The servers/owners greeted me and sat me down promptly. I ended up getting avgelemno soup, which was supposed to be a lemon flavored chicken rice soup and the Effie's Chicken entree. I got some bread as a starter and it was delicious. Sadly it was the best part of the meal. The avgelemno soup was neither particularly lemon tasting or had a lot of chicken or rice. The Effie's chicken which had grilled chicken with sauteed mushroom and scallion in wine garlic sauce was just plain bland. You'd think that the mushrooms and scallion in wine garlic sauce would be tasty, but it wasn't at all. Bland, bland, bland. At least the chicken was cooked right and was tender. 
I just wasn't that impressed with this place, which is sad because I love Greek food and used to love going to Greektown in Chicago. The hunt for a good reasonably priced sitdown Greek place besides Zorba's continues.......I first came here on a blind date. The date was a wash, but the restaurant has become one of my regular joints. I often bring out-of-towners here to experience the BYOB without the crowds or "weird" food. Which means - this is a place you could take a date, your parents, college friends on a visit. The prices are great (I often just split the big salad and then get an app.) and everything is delicious, especially if you like feta, which I do. 
In the summer, bring a bottle and eat on the outdoor patio. For a romantic date, try the carriage house out back. For an intimate "family meal" ask for a table upstairs.One of my favorite places! The food is delicious and authentic, and the outdoor seating area is adorable. Also BYOB with no corking fee. A great spot!My experience at Effie's was just ok.  The appetizer's were nice enough - hummus plate and calamari, but the entrees weren't great.  Again, they were fine, but not what I'd have hoped for.  Our waiter was nice, but our interaction with the manager was unpleasant.  When we were paying our bill at the end of the night we got conflicting information about whether it was cash only or not.  I still couldn't tell you what their actual policy is.Excellent food, reasonably priced, and good atmosphere. The patio is very pleasant, while the owner is always very nice. We will certainly go back.We were sat at a corner table upstairs, the place was packed and our waiter was running himself ragged taking care of us, another party of four on the opposite end of the room, and a gigantic family party of 25 smack in the middle of the room.  It was loud and frenetic, but overall we had great service and food.  The Lamb & Potato entree was tasty and tender, the Gyro platter was huge, lots of meat!Delicious authentic and the family who run it are the warmest and the sweetest. The mousaka is out of this world and the portion is ginormous.I've been ordering from Effie's for 12 years.  It had always provided serviceable, and sometimes even very good, basic, home-style Greek food.  Recently, however, it's gone noticeably downhill.  My last five or six orders over the last half year or so have been problematic.  Salads have come un-dressed, and sometimes without requested ingredients.  The gyro meat, which used to be good, has been pale, pasty-looking and flavorless of late.  Service has been perfunctory at best and often rude.  I've notice a high rate of turnover in the kitchen.  I've also noticed that neither Effie nor her mother have been there to oversee things, which may be part of the problem.  I've complained at the restaurant to no avail.  I also sent an e-mail to the e-mail address on the website, but never got a response.  It's hard to let go of a nearby restaurant that's had good food for so many tears, but after my last three meals I've said "never again."  This time I really mean it.  Right the ship, Effie.I had a great time eating dinner at Effie's with my family.  The service was excellent and courteous.  The food was amazing, all four of us loved our dish.  We got two appetizers, one was the hummus platter which was absolutely delicious.  Prices were fair, plus it was a BYOB which I love!  The restaurant was a tiny place (maybe 4 or 6 tables in the front room), but we had a reservation so the our table was ready when we walked up.  I think they also have a back patio for busier nights.
I also wanted to add that at many restaurants I feel like I am rushed out at the end of a meal.  At Effie's, after we were finished our dinner they brought us out a complementary dessert.  It was an amazing baklava variety; delicious, as everything else was.  Plus, I felt more than welcome sitting and talking and finishing my wine without feeling like I had to hurry out!  Definitely a huge plus,I can't believe I forgot to write this review! I came to Effie's about a month ago (see my uploaded pictures) and had a great first experience.  Really 3.5 stars, so I will  round up.
The place is tiny, like someone's living room of their house, but it's cute that way and certainly keeps the prices reasonable.   It's BYOB so we brought several bottles of beer. (No wine that night!)  the server brought us several buckets of ice to keep the beers cold. 
Service was good, she was attentive until the very end when it took a long while for her to run our credit cards. But the food came out quick, so no complaints there. We did ask our server a few questions about the menu and she seemed a little confused, like she didn't know the menu very well. But overall could answer us and make a recommendation. 
The food was delicious, which is why this review gets 4 stars. We had: 
- Sampler appetizer: tzatziki, hummus, meletzanosalata, olives, feta, dolmades.  Hummus was delicious and so were the grape leaves. 
- A fish from the specials menu, forgot the name, but similar to Branzino, served as a whole fish, head and all!  I peeled back the skin and went to town, the fish meat was cooked perfectly and very delicious.
- Grilled Salmon- this was really good, but the best part was the crispy crunchy bottom layer, added a nice texture to the dish.
- Lamb shank (specials menu again): Probably the best lamb I've ever had.  it was attached to the bone, but fell right off it was so tender.  Absolutely delicious, and large portion size!
- Effie's Chicken, I didn't try this, but my friend said it was very good. 
- Green Beans side dish was amazing.  I don't know how they cook them this good but they were yummy.
Overall great experience.  I would come back.  Its nice you don't have to wait for a table since they aren't crowded.  However, I do like D'mitris better for the atmosphere and prices.  But the BYOB here is nice!My first visit to Effie's was this past Friday night with another couple for a pre-theatre meal.  This cute red brick BYOB near 11th & Pine had a few quirks but did not disappoint.  I gathered there is more seating available from other Yelp reviews, but as we were at an inside table in the front of the restaurant, I only saw a handful of tables in our immediate area.  Service was fine.  Our server was very attentive with water refills on this very hot day and that was welcomed.  However, the water she brought was lukewarm.  I was just too thirsty to wait for ice.  The basket of pita given to the table went quickly, as it was delicious.  We had to ask, as did tables around us, for oil to go with the pita, the consensus at our table is that it should have been supplied.  We ordered the Dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) for the table.  There was one order pork chops, two orders of the Lamb Souvlaki platter and one of the large Greek salad.  The pork chop order had to be sent back because it was underdone and ultimtely wasn't to the diner's satisfaction but he ate it anyway and said it was ok.  I shared the Lamb Souvlaki platter and the Greek salad with my husband, which was plenty of food.  The lamb was tender and spicy.  The serving size of the vegetable which came with the platter was small.  The tzatziki sauce was wonderful.  The table shared two desserts, a baklava and another whose name escapes me.  Desserts were of a larger size and definitely should be shared.  The bill for four came to $75 before tip, which we believed to be a good value for what we received.  I enjoyed my visit here, as I especially like BYOB restaurants.  The few quirks we experienced were nothing that would prohibit me from returning.  In fact, I look forward to it!  Their website needs to be redesigned and perhaps updated.  It says they are cash only, but they do accept credit cards.  Definitely try Effie's, you will enjoy the hearty homestyle Greek cuisine.  Opa!This is the best and most authentic Greek food we have ever had in the city. Everything is like your grandmother made. We finished our plates with everything. Loved the zucchini chips, grilled feta, Greek salad, mousaka and the Greek lasagna that was that days special. Plus you get baklava on the house! SOOOO good!Dear Effie's-
You sold out. You more than doubled the price of every single one of your dishes... nearly tripled some. You got rid of some of your most unique and refreshing dishes. Your staff doesn't have the same charm. Your food isn't even as good anymore. I used to die for Lamb Lemonato, now I'm extremely disappointed in how flavorless it is. You aren't worth it anymore. You're awkward and shabby. I used to swear by you and now I'm just sad. Your Meze platter is nothing like what it used to offer. I'm so disappointed, and I've said my farewells.
-Autumn, Most loyal regular, January 2008 - April 2011.I went here last night with a group of colleagues and a visiting academic.
We started with the special, a Mezze platter to share, which was good but I felt it was a little small considering our waitress told us it was suitable for sharing between 5.  We were quite glad we got a Greek salad to go along with it as well.
Having said that, any worries about small portions were blown away come the main course.  Everyones dishes were huge.  I went for the Baby Lamb Chops.  You get four decent lamb chops and a nice lentil salad and rice.  Other members of the party got the pork chops (two huge chops and a massive portion of fries) and the Moussaka (massive, two big guys couldn't finish the portion).  
And it isn't quantity over quality.  The food was extremely tasty and very good value.  I would definitely recommend coming here to anyone who likes good Greek food.Previous reviews claiming "being rude to your customers is not a good business model," hit the nail on the head. We came here upon good reviews about the food (despite complaints online about service) to check it out. 
We couldn't sit out back because they were crowded, no big deal. 
We are walked to the "inside seating" (picture 6-8 people sitting on each other's laps trying to hear over each other's conversations) and left alone by the waiter. 
He comes back maybe 5 minutes later to hand us glasses of water (over the people sitting next to/on top of us) and leaves again.
Then we wait. First for five minutes. Then for 10....
Now 20. 
20 minutes go by. Literally 20 clock minutes go by and nobody says a damn word to us. Not a glance. Not a hand signal. No eye contact.
So we left. And went to Mixto next door where the service and the food were fantastic. 
Sorry Effie's, but that sucked. The food sounded great though.I want to love Effie's, but I agree with some of the reviews here that the food, while OK, is overpriced.  I had the Effie's chicken, and it was OK, but nothing memorable or spectacular for $17.  It came with rice.  Rice.  Nothing else.  Just chicken and rice. 
 It is BYOB, which I like and appreciate. But they should bring down the prices a bit.  The server was really nice.  She was cheerful and helpful.  
I like Effie's, but I don't love it.I used to go to this restaurant for many years. It USED to be really good. I stopped going about 1 1/2 years because this place has gone downhill in quality. I decided to go the other day to give it a very last chance and I totally regret it.  The food is worse: bland, portions smaller and prices higher. 
Whoever says this is the best Greek food in the city has no sense of quality.I had a wonderful dinner with friends here last year (review a bit late).  I like the fact that it's byob, the waitstaff is on point and the food delicious!  The ambience is perfect - especially with the outdoor seating in the back.This place was pretty good.  Reasonably able to handle my allergies, the portions were great, but I would say the food was... good.  Nothing to get excited about.  I did love the outdoor garden, though, so pretty sitting out there, we felt like we were in Europe.I am not normally great with words but I can say my belly hurts so bad from over eating the most delicious cuisine ever! The atmosphere and service were amazing!  We ordered some calamari, zucchini chips along with lamb, chicken and pasta and we needed to be rolled out because it was so good. You cannot put the fork down and to boot it's BYOB! Highly recommendable!The ladyfriend & I have been to Effie's twice now, the last time being Valentine's Day. Hey yo, it's an awesome little restaurant. The first time we went, we sat out on the patio, which is fantastical when it's nice out. It's outside, but there's a wall separating you from the street. Valentine's Day we were able to get into the carriage house, which is even more cozy than the outside patio on a summer night. It's just asking you to make out with your date. Politely.
The food is Greek and the food is whatever the Greek word for awesome is. Valentine's Day, had some amazing salmon and the ladyfriend had some oooohhh whitefish. 
As a date place, I'd be hard pressed to find a better one.So this little neighborhood spot really hit the dinner spot for me one night. I ordered the chicken Souvlaki sandwich and it came with an order of French fries. This food literally took me back to Greece. Everything tastes so fresh and was very well seasoned. The pita was warm and soft. It was just what I needed on a week night. Will be making a trip back at some point to eat-in! I'm hall to support this little local family business.As a Greek (American) I often have friends who visiting who request we go out for Greek food.  I never hesitate to take them to Effie's.  
Effie serves all her Greek food traditional with a bit of a twist--all the flavors I want along with something interesting and unexpected; for example: feta pastichio or greek mac & cheese.  
It has an adorable atmosphere perfect for a party, a date or an intimate dinner with friends (I've done all the above at Effie's).  Come during the summer and sit outside or in the carriage house.  It's lovely. 
Effie's also now has brunch... which is delicious!! Eggs and gyro are an excellent combination!Been here 3 times. Truly amazing and delicious authentic medditeranean food.  Good and attentive service, made me feel like family. The muscles and charcoal octopus are my favorite. Love coming here.A lovely family ran restaurant. We wanted a low key dinner before going to the theater.  The service was efficient and friendly.   Both my fiancée and I enjoyed our meals.  There aren't a lot of tables but even on a Saturday night, we didn't have a problem grabbing one.The food has always been good, but the delivery has now been a disaster twice in a row.  I placed my order tonight and after numerous calls to inquire about my order, the food showed up AN HOUR AND TWENTY-FIVE minutes later!  Eat there for some good food, but order delivery with caution!Worst meal I have had in a long time
Was sat on the 3rd floor in a cold corner w/ a party of 20 next to us
Bathroom was dirty, food was oily
Manager was a bitch
After 15 yrs of going to Effie's , would never go backMy friend and I walked in late (around 9:15) on a Friday night after deciding between here and Dmitri's. Effie's is closer to her apt. The only table available was one upstairs right next to a large party (which we were warned about) so we took it. 
If you like good, healthy greek food this place is not for you. Everything that sounded good to be on the menu (the zucchini chips, the flounder) was breaded. I stay away from bread. 
The service was pretty slow I assume because it was pretty busy and the food we ordered was just decent. Nothing mind blowing (Hummus, Feta, Octopus, and Chicken). 
I'm probably going to stick with my other favorite Greek places in the city from now on.Disclaimer: I'm Greek, so I am biased, but also very selective about my Greek food. Effie's is hands-down the best Greek food I've found in Philly (Estia is a very, very distant second). I'm a fan of their chill, casual vibe and their lamb kokkinisto (lamb stewed for hours in a hearty tomato sauce). There's a small, intimate dining area near the front of the restaurant, plus an outdoor garden and another seating area in the back for larger groups (note: this area can get rowdy), plus an upstairs space. It's cute, it's tasty, it's reasonably priced. That works for me!Effie's has always been such a great experience for me. The servers are so friendly and make you feel so comfortable! I have loved all of the food I've tried there- pastitsio, gyro (comes with amazinggg fries!), greek salad with lamb, calamari, etc. It's BYOB, and I love the low key, homey environment. I'll definitely be back!The ambience and the food together made it pretty okay. So make sure to sit outside if the weather is nice.Opa! A decent Greek experience! I went here with some friends recently on a Saturday night, and was happy to find that it smelled pretty great inside.  We were seated pretty fast (which doesn't really say much - considering that it was a Saturday night should be packed - but I digress).  We were seated fast, and the service the entire time was great.  The hostess, the owner, and the servers were all super nice.  We ordered a variety of things from salads to chicken to lamb to humus to saganaki.  Most of them were solid.   I tried the greek salad (the grilled feta was well grilled and tasted good), the humus was really garlicky but well made otherwise. It wasn't out of this world by any standards, but it was pretty darn good.  The pita was warm and grilled and one of  my favorite things I had.  The saganaki was well fried, but I prefer it when it's been flambeed right in front of you, which is how it should be done in theory, and would make it taste better.  However, it was well fried, and had a good consistency. I did also like that they provided you with your own lemon slice so that you could apply the preferred amount for yourself.  The salads I tried were all delicious.  Not sure which ones were ordered but they were great. I obviously didn't try the chicken or lamb, but they smelled great. Additionally, we tried some tzatziki which was delicious and well made.  To finish off the meal, we tried the baklava and another filo dough / custard like desert.  The baklava was good, pretty good in fact compared to most I have tasted in Philadelphia - the right consistency of filo dough, honey, and other such things.  The custard based desert was to die for and made me want so much more of it.  However, I restrained myself to a few small bites. 
For about $20 a person, we all ate a pretty hearty, good, full meal.  I'm a fan of this place.  Not totally sure I'd go here over Dmitri's, but it's a good, slightly cheaper alternative.  I also like the location and ambiance. With the kitchen flowing right into the seating area, it seems like you are literally eating in a Greek friend's home, which I enjoyed. The smells coming in from the kitchen were all amazing!Horrible service, we waited 45 minutes to be seated and they weren't even apologetic. Proceeded to be extremely curt and rude. Portions were tinyAfter being turned away from Kanella ( we need two week advance reservations? whoops...), my partner and I headed to Effie's. I really liked the intimate atmosphere. It was a busy Saturday night, so they sat us right next to the open kitchen. We didn't mind - it felt very European!
    The food: They didn't give anything to dip or spread our bread with until we asked (for olive oil). Grape leaves appetizer was delicious. We split a gyro and a meatball wrapped in eggplant special for our entrees. The gyro meat was good but veeerrry greasy. 
    The meatballs were incredibly tasty, but arrived at the table cold. If it was mildly warm it would have been fine... but it was cold. I asked for it to be reheated and soon overheard Effie (the owner/chef) complaining about the request. If you're going to seat customers next to the kitchen - know that we can hear you!
Our server was odd; he bragged about going to culinary school, then argued with me about whether there was eggplant in moussaka (seriously?). He also reprimanded us for not asking for change, since he assumed we were just "hanging out". Our wine was finished, the check was pushed to the edge of the table with a bill visible... how does that signal "hanging out"?
We also got to soak up all the drama between Effie and the servers. Every kitchen has its drama, but everything about the service seemed very tense and chaotic, especially when experienced so close to the action. 
Last annoyance: cash only. This came as a total surprise, since we hadn't seen it mentioned anywhere. Good thing we had the money. 
All in all: tasty, but the service wrecked the experience.Simply the best Greek restaurant in Philly. Their portions are big, the food is tasty and almost as good as the typical food you can get in Greece. The staff is extremely kind and the service is good as well. If you are looking for some authentic Greek food you should definitely come here. Also, it's BYOB and nothing on the menu is expensive.Kept badgering us to order and then took forever to give us the check. Gave conflicting information about whether or not we could pay with a card. The food was NOT worth the money. It was extraordinarily overpriced. It was fine and yummy but not worth what they charge. Won't be going back.A friend and I ate at Effie's last night for a quick dinner after work.  When we walked in, we were greeted promptly. I asked to sit outside, because of the lovely pictures on the website, but the outdoor area was full so we sat inside.  Now keep in mind that Effie's is a Greek restaurant...well they must have set the temperature on "Santorini," because it was so hot and humid in there!  I'm trying to be less of a soda person, so I just asked for some lemon wedges to go in my water, and the waitress gladly obliged.  
Ok, now on to the food.  The bread and olive oil were pretty tasty.  I ordered the lamb souvlaki and my friend ordered the stuffed chicken.  We really should have switched dishes, because he liked my food better than he liked his, and vice versa.  To me, my food wasn't seasoned enough...or rather, it wasn't seasoned at all.  I've never been a big salt person (and my blood pressure thanks me for it), but I felt like I needed to add a lot of salt to my food.  I didn't though - just couldn't bring myself to do it.  I mainly focused on the string beans with tomato puree - they were pretty good.  All in all, I was pretty disappointed in my Effie's experience.  My friend who recommended it had  said such good things about it, and the reviews on here were great too.  I doubt I'll ever go back.   Sorry Effie's - I tried.My favorite Greek spot in Philly. Staff is very friendly and the food is fantastic, never had a bad experience! The dining patio outback is indoors, but has a great rustic ambiance. The lamb souvlaki plate is delicious, the meat is so tender and delicious. My friend had the mousaka, which is kind of like a Greek lasagna. Very interesting flavors, wouldn't have wanted a whole entree for myself but it was nice to have a taste. I've taken my parents here for a casual bite to eat and the gyros are, of course, spectacular. The pita is perfectly warm and soft. If you're debating the baklava, you'll regret passing it up. Needless to say, I definitely recommend Effie's! (And BYOB, what more could you want?)Went to Effies without a reservation on Friday night.  They were able to find a table for us in the back room, which also had a party of Penn students in it.  The party got extremely loud, so we asked to be reseated.  They didn't have any free tables, but they let us sit at the little table by the door (which is usually where the hostess stands).  They were extremely accommodating and friendly (we felt like family).  
The little greek salad with gyro meat was enough for my dinner, and it was the best greek salad I've ever had.  It was completely packed with all kinds of things (including tons of tomato and olives that I hate, but my partner ate that).  We also had the mussels appetizer, which was really good (marinated muscles in a mustard sauce, which made them super flavorful).  My partner had the shrimp entree.  She liked it a lot.
We went pretty randomly this time, but next time we'll go on purpose and bring some drinks.Great ambiance on a warm spring night with the outside seating, located off of the Main Street. Friendly & fast service - they brought us dessert on the house! We ordered mostly appetizers to share for the table and most were very tasty. Highly recommend the zucchini chips and hummus with pita! Other table favorites were the octopus salad and grape seed leaves.  The meatballs and vegetable stuffed peppers were not very flavorful and probably would not order again. The restaurant is also a BYO and the prices are extremely reasonable.Had dinner with friends here, it was very nice and calm. We were outdoors enjoying the beautiful Philly weather with some delicious wine. This is a BYOB place, which is very awesome because you bring whatever it is that you're in the mood for that night, it also saves your money on alcohol!Great authentic food - the only place that has a thumbs up from a Greek friend who's been to practically every Greek restaurant in Philly. Cozy place with excellent service and friendly Greek staff. Tried the calamari (crisp, fresh, light) , moussaka (big portion size, great flavors, perfectly cooked) and the octopus salad (near perfect). Amazing baklava for dessert. BYOB.I really really want to say this place had good food. I've grown up with Greek food my whole life, and was so excited by the aesthetics of this place. It is beautiful, taverna-like, and the staff is so friendly. 
However, the food was truly sub-par. Lay off the cinnamon guys! And the gyros were what you come to expect anywhere other than Astoria, so I guess I should have just known better.
If you want a beautiful place to dine in the heart of Philly, go here. If you want good Greek food, go to Kanella (ironically translates to cinnamon) or even Opa.BYO with good prices, and a fairly nice secluded patio.  The medley appetizer is fantastic.  We'll be going back again soon for sure.
Zagat says no credit cards but they took VISA when we visited in the fall.Standard greek food (souvlaki, gyros etc) at a good price. The atmosphere with the atrium is really nice and homey.OK So yum!  Came here for dinner on a Monday night for a celebration of sorts.  
Everything was really really lovely.  
We sat in a cozy table in the corner for 4, and came armed with 2 bottles of wine which were promptly opened since one of the many perks of Effies is its BYO status.  
To begin, we went for the appetizer sampler (formally called Thessaloniki) which was delicious.  I can't commit to which of the dips we got were my favorite, so i happily bounced from feta dip to the hummus to the baba to the grape leaves to the olives and just smiled.  
From there, we split 2 salads for the 4 of us (which are definitely big enough to share unless their you'r entree).  We got 1 Greek salad, and one of the beet salad specials.  I have no decisive winner as both were phenomenal.  The Greek salad came with an egg though... and as a kalamata, feta, egg fan, it took me to a happy place.
For my entree, I went for the shrimp Santorini which is essentially shrimp over rice with a aromatic tomato based sauce.  The scallion in said sauce really took it to the next level.  It was amazing, and a great sized portion.  I ate enough of it where I didn't take it with me, but I very well could have.
The service was also great!  Our waiter was prompt, but left us alone to enjoy ourselves at our own pace.  Additionally, when he caught wind of our celebration, he brought us out rum shots which we enjoyed together along with the table beside us.  Also, they gave us a desert which was a pleasant cross between a cannoli and baklava.  We each got one too which was above and beyond our expectations of what comes free with dinner.  
All in all Effies was fabulous!  The food was delicious, the service was great, they let us bring our own wine, they didn't rush us, and you can make a reservation.  This could be my favorite restaurant at the moment.I liked Effie's very much - it makes for quite an enjoyable summer evening out with friends or perfect for a sweet romantic date.  I had dinner with two girlfriends - we sat in the courtyard outside and it was so charming.  You're outside but unlike other outdoor dining venues you're removed from the street, which is very nice.  The greek/mediterranean fare is good - a friend had a delicious-looking greek salad.  I had a simple, fresh tilapia filet which came with rice and a green bean sun-dried tomato side, which I couldn't figure out where the sun-dried tomatoes were but it was still good.  The tzaziki was good, as well as the hummus.  Effie's is very reasonable, and the ambiance is awesome.Service is always warm and food is consistently wonderful! Their octopus is a generous portion and very tender, easily my favorite in the city. They have always been able to accommodate our requests for outdoor seating. Not sure how anyone could have bad things to say about Effie's!A quiet low key place that also offers value for money. 
The servings are generous. My wife and I ordered the bean soup, spanakopita appetizer and two chicken sandwiches (one with salad and the other with fries). We split the soup.
The meal started with a basket of pita quarters, walm and toasty accompanied by a bowl of olive oil and some light flavoring. This appears to play the same role as the basket of bread in a typical Olive Garden - only in this case you can expect the basket to be refilled.
The soup soon appeared and it was very nice and made for a generous serving even when split between the two of us. In fact when combined with the pita fillers (which appeared to be unlimited  ) it would have made for a light lunch.
The chicken sandwich (really chicken with tzatziki sauce in a pita bread) was good too. The fries were simply outstanding and frankly along with the soup were the biggest surprises at the meal. I just wish i'd been hungry enough to eat all of it.
The serving of salad was good too with lots of fresh greens, tomatoes, cucumbers and a nice herb seasoning.
We had plenty to eat and If I had to do it again, the only change I'd make is drop the spanakopita which were only ok.Come here if you love glorified cafeteria/airplane food.
The chef is in love with lemon juice.  The mussels could have been delicious if they didnt taste like biting into a lemon.  The stuffed chicken could have been great if the lemon sauce was left on the side.  Other than that, the Octopus was bland and the pork chops were bland too.  The hummus was DELICIOUS.  
The atmosphere here is actually delightful.  Although my server was pretty bad, I kind of loved her.  Dinner here is like eating in a friend's kitchen.  Fortunately for me, my friends are better cooks.I've walked past Effie's numerous times without noticing it and after dining here I understood why. It's a tiny little place that looks more like a house than a restaurant, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. When we arrived Saturday night the entrance was full of people waiting. Upon checking in we were informed they were running behind and our table was not yet ready, but we could take a high-top across from the kitchen. We accepted since we were very hungry, but as the meal progressed we realized we should have waited for a real table. 
Our waitresses arrived and offered to open our wine, but strangely informed us that all the glasses were being washed. So we ordered and awkwardly sat staring at our open bottle. To start we split the meletzansalato (baba ganoush) and asked for a side of roasted red peppers. To our surprise, they didn't have any, which I thought was very strange for a Greek restaurant. We then asked for feta, which ended up being an excellent choice because it was absolutely delicious! The pita was delicious too, possibly homemade? Oh, but still no wine glasses. We had to ask the waitress for a container to keep the wine chilled, which she probably should have brought automatically. It wasn't until about 30 mins + of dining that we finally received our "special" glasses. By that point we had already sat through the chef (possibly the grandmother) yelling at the waitresses (granddaughters?). It was clear this was a family business, but not in a good way. 
For an entree I had the Armonia, which was a seafood blend mixed with orzo pasta. The portion was extremely large so I felt like I got my money's worth. I just found the sauce to be a little too thin. Otherwise, I enjoyed eating it. My friend also enjoyed her Effie's chicken dish.
When it came time for the bill, there was an error that the waitress had no problem correcting. However, we had to sit around another 10-15 minutes and watch her pace back and forth around the restaurant before it was corrected. The whole meal was very awkward. The food was good, but I didn't find anything to be particularly special so I will probably not return.I visited Effie's because of everyone's positive comments.  But I found myself very disappointed. The place was way too cold with its concrete and brick build. After we were seated, we were ignored for a good while. And I certainly don't get the attraction of the BYOB policy!  The food is probably really good, but how do you enjoy fish with water (because we missed the  wine store's closing time)!?! I'd rather pay a couple of extra dollars to get a true restaurant experience! But that's just me...We had a large party here last night for my 30th birthday. Initially it was to be 14 people, it turned out to be 9. To make things easier, I agreed to keep the catering menu (which is meant for parties of 10 or more). The website clearly lists two appetizers, family style greek salad, entree, desserts and coffee. We didn't get a greek salad and we got a few plates of what appeared to be cream puffs for dessert, which was a shame because I was really looking forward to the baklava that was listed on the website. We asked for coffee, it never came. Entrees were decent but for the cost that we wound up paying per person, it was ridiculous. At the end of the night, we left two bottles of wine, when we went back today to get it, there was only one. 
At the end of the day, the entrees were good, the service was decent, but for what we paid, there are much better places in Philadelphia.I am thankful to have Effie's nearby!  It's like having your very own Greek Grandmother cooking up a storm for you.  Excellent comfort food, with a twist.  There's nothing fancy about the restaurant, but the courtyard and the garden room are cute (and romantic if you're looking for a date place).  The upstairs is great for a private party.Ordered dinner delivery for my roommates and I recently.  They said the order would take 30-45 minutes.  An hour later...no food.  We call...food is apparently on its way.  Half an hour after that...still no food.  We call again....the food has apparently left and is en route (same story as before).  Ten minutes after that the food arrives.  Cold.
Bottom line:  we ordered delivery.  An hour and forty minutes and two phone calls later we received cold food with not so much as an apology.We had a private event for about 20-22 diners in the back room at Effie's and it was handled beautifully.
We had many vegetarian restrictions so the following dishes were served, family style:
Spanikopita (delicious!)
Tyropita
A large mixed plate with hummus, baba, feta, olives, peppers and dolmades (awesome domlades by the way)
Chopped Cucumbers & Tomatoes in oil & vinegar
Penne with Onions, Kalamata Olives and Onion in tomato sauce.
The food was wonderful and the 2 ladies serving worked their butts off.  Wer had an amazingly good time. (And the good weather helped.)
The outdoor courtyward is a fun place to eat as well.
I can't wait to come back and have some lamb chops!
Great job, Effie's!BYOB, yes thank you. Back room alone on a Thursday night, yes thank you. Tasty mousaka, yes thank you. Free dessert, yes thank you.  Pleasant night out, yes thank you.  
Cash only.What a neat restaurant! Unlike Philadelphia's Estia, Effie's provides authentic Greek cuisine at an affordable price. This cozy BYOB restaurant is staffed with wonderful servers who are very attentive to guests. I ordered both the hummus and the gyro sandwich- they were great! A friend of mine ordered the moussaka, which is what I'll be ordering next time when I have room for it!Delicious and accommodating. Small and intimate place, great service and yummy food. Salmon was great and the French fries were a 10. Husband got chicken and rice and enjoyed it a lot. Will be repeat customers for sure!The food (Greek salad and gyro) were ok but nothing super special. We got take out and no napkins or utensils were included in the bag.  Staff was friendly but that was the only memorable thing about it.Got myself a Gyro Plate, which was piles of meat and goodness. Very yummy, but was expecting sandwich makings. Still, an upgrade from the last visit. The Spanakopita remains awesome.Very solid and cute Greek BYOB with great service and very friendly staff.  The grilled calamari salad was delish with seasoned and nicely charred calamari over a blend of tomatoes and olives, tossed with EVOO.  The salmon with sauteed spinach was also very good, as were the roasted lamb shanks.  We also split the appetizer sampler, which was great.  The roasted beets and spanokopita were my favs, but the chicken soulvaki was pretty solid, as well.  The dolmades were decent but didn't really stand out.  The spinach yogurt dip paired with the warm pita points is a must-try, though.  The staff were fantastic and didn't kick us out even though it was already past 11 pm, and they were closing.  Rather, they waited patiently for us to finish up.  Now that's service.This is my favorite place for Greek authentic cuisine! Great food and very friendly people!Wonderful moderately priced Greek food! I love the patitsio, moussaka, and lamb gyros!! I love their patio area - it's so pretty and very romantic!Cute place. I was a big fan of the avgolemono soup (like cream of chicken w/ rice and lemon) and the Greek salad was fresh with flavorful tasty dressing. Then the entrees came. Unfortunately. I had lamb in lemon sauce, and the meat was overcooked and rubbery, and the lemon flavor just overwhelmed EVERYTHING. Normally I love Greek potatoes, brown and crispy on the outside, what I was served were just boiled chunks of potato slathered in lemon sauce. Even once I'd sucked the sauce off the outside of the potato, the lemon flavor only got stronger when biting into the actual potato! How is that possible?! My friend had lamb skewers, which were ok, but they came with a pea salad that was so obviously made with canned peas that the chef should be ashamed. I really wanted to like this place, it's a reasonable BYO with a great ambiance, but the food just leaves a lot to be desired.I lived around the corner from Effie's for a year. The atmosphere is cozy, intimate, and warm. The host/owner is wonderful. She offers suggestions and at times I let her order for me. The specials are fantastic and the Greek classics are done perfectly. The outdoor seating is great.Came to Effie's with old friends last night after several recommendations from friends. Heard it was a fun BYO Place and the food is "fine" - and I couldn't agree more. Overall this place gets 3 stars, but it's hard to pinpoint anything really negative to lower the score. 
AMBIANCE: like we had heard, Effie's was a fun place to drink with friends. It was BYO and I don't believe there was a corking fee (#winning). The restaurant is in a house, with seating on two floors. It has a cozy, homy feel, isn't too big, perhaps about claustrophobic. There's seating for smaller groups, as well as bigger groups upstairs. On the upper level, there were groups celebrating birthdays and other event, and it was a fun place with good music playing. Definitely not the place for a intimidate date though. The waiter was attentive.
FOOD: I love going out to eat with a group, because the more people, the more food you get to try. Our party had the following:
Grape leaves, hummus trio with pita, fried calamari, zucchini chips, spanikopita, Greek salad, salmon, and branzino (special)
Grape leaves: good, standard, no complaints
Hummus trio: garlicky, olive, and red pepper hummus. Our table was split between the three on a favorite. The pita was not the best I've ever had. 
Fried calamari: again, good not great. Certainly crispy, but underwhelming. 
Zucchini chips: a hands down winner with our group! Zucchini sliced lengthwise and lightly battered/fried with a garlic dipping sauce! crispy and tasty. A must eat. definitely not soggy. 
Spanikopita: another table favorite. Light and flaky phyllo dough with the perfect amount of filling. 
Salmon: served with asparagus and orzo. Underwhelming, but we still ate t all. Yolo 
Branzino: served whole on the fish. Everyone loved it! It was light and flaky, and the skin was perfectly crispy. 
Bonus: complimentary dessert!! Not sure what it was, but it was phyllo dough with some sort of sweet cheese filling? Who knows. Some liked it, some didn't. An acquired taste if you ask me. 
OVERALL: this place is fun with a group of friends, but I wouldn't return solely for the food. If you have a loud group who wants to let loose, this place is an option! Order the zucchini chips, spanakopita, and branzino!! 
IMPORTANT INFO: only takes one credit card, so bring cash if you're splitting the bill.Atmosphere: Beautiful, I loved the back room that made me feel like I was miles away from the city
Food: My stuffed chicken was awesome, my friends' food looked good, one of the plates though was completely overpriced, $24 for a thin portion of a crummy looking fish, yuck yuck yuck
BYO: convenient. 
Final word: Overpriced fish, amazing atmosphere, 3 stars.Excellent food! The grilled feta, spanikopita and lamb souvlaki were all incredible. Amazing service as well! Can't wait to go back!My daughter and I happened by Effies and we loved it! Very friendly, helpful, funny. The food was absolutely delicious!I really wanted to like this place a lot. It started out baller and then kind of went downhill.
I came with three friends at around 10 for a late late dinner, only one other table (of 87 college girls with a jug of Carlo Rossi) was occupied. We got hummus and spanakopita to start, both were awesome. And I love saying spanakopita. The pita was hot and they replenished our basket without our having to ask.
I wanted to get moussaka but they were out (understandable at 10pm) so I ordered lamb souvlaki. The lamb itself was pretty good, a little tough, but tasty. But there wasn't much to it, not much tahini, and the rice and veggies weren't great. Generally disappointing. 
Once we got the check it took like 15 minutes to get the waitress to take it, which was frustrating. Oh well. I wonder if they do take-out spanakopita.Effies was really good. We had a great sampler of the many Greek treats.  I had one of the specials, it was some kind of whole grilled fish (perhaps branzino?) and it was soooooo good.  I had been weirdly craving whole fish after a trip around the market that morning and its like Effies read my mind.
Hm, we also got some kind of dessert that was pretty good. It was like baklava but fluffier.  
Overall, great experience.  I enjoy the BYOB and the staff is super friendly.  Great spot.My meal at Effie's went on a pretty downhill slope. It started off great though! We got outdoor seating in a beautiful courtyard. It made me feel like I was no longer in Philadelphia. Effie's is a BYOB, so feel free to bring wine if you like. Most of the appetizers were awesome. We got the dipping platter, as well as the stuffed pepper, the fried cheese, and the shrimp. The shrimp were not fresh, so we returned them, and the chef gave us some complementary octopus and dessert. I thought that the appetizers were very tasty, albeit a bit heavy. For dinner, I had Effie's Chicken, which is basically chicken over rice with mushrooms, and perhaps a bit of cream. It wasn't that exciting This was followed up by a fried pastry containing a somewhat cheese-like filling. By the end of the meal, I felt sick to my stomach. I'm not sure if I was off, or it was simply all the grease and cream, but I really felt off that night.Effie's serves consistently prepared tasty Greek food. It's not amazing nor is it particularly imaginative, but is always fresh and yummy. Well worth the very reasonable prices.
Their variety of seating options is a plus, especially if it's warm enough to sit in their garden.Went to Effie's last night with a group of 10 friends. The food was pretty good (the moussaka is insanely large and hearty) and the service during the meal was fine. Ambience is nice - I especially like the garden in the back.
The reason that I left the meal rather unhappy was the sequence of events that occurred when we were paying the bill. First of all, the menu said "18% gratuity included for parties of 8 or more". When it says that on the menu, you would expect that it would be the *actual* policy. So they brought us the bill (which was basically the tape reel of a calculator) and we figured that the tip was included because IT SAID IT WOULD BE ON THE MENU (am I wrong here, people??)
After we paid, the server came back all puppy-eyed with the bill and some change and asked if there was something wrong with our meal. She insinuated that our tip was insufficient and then explained that they didn't apply the policy they had clearly printed on the menu because it was a slow night or something. That pissed me off. If you have a policy printed on your menu, customers expect you to enforce it (again, please correct me if I am wrong here). Or you should tell us when you give us the bill that tip is *not* included like it says on the menu. 
I liked Effie's before last night, but I was left with a rather poor taste in my mouth (and pocket) and don't know if I'll be going back anytime soon.Effie's is a hidden gem and one of my new favorite BYOs! Came here on a Friday night with a group of friends and we were seated upstairs in our own little corner. The waiter came out right away with complimentary warm pita and flavorful olive oil. We ordered the grilled feta and hummus trio appetizers, which were deliciously fresh. Main entrees across the group of us included seafood pasta, shrimp and rice, vegetable pasta, honey glazed salmon, and lamb souvlaki. Everyone was obsessed with their meals and we can't wait to come back again. Just a friendly reminder that it is cash only!I came here for a dinner event, so I can't speak to a completely normal dining experience, but overall I thought the food and place was good! Our party had this small private room in the back to ourselves which was nice. Appetizers consisted of plates that seemed to have a little bit of everything, and it was all delicious. There were spreads like hummus and baba ganoush and big blocks of feta and perhaps some beets or other deliciousness. The entree, mousaka, was pretty amazing. I would definitely get this again. Very filling portion size, and it's basically an eggplant lasagna where eggplant slices replace the lasagna noodles. So delicious! 
For dessert, the baklava was tasty, although very hard to eat without a knife. Don't even think about trying to cut it with your fork - it won't work and you'll end up with a bit of a mess. Take it from someone who's tried... 
All in all, a great dinner place! Haven't been to Kanella yet to compare but would definitely recommend it to others. 
Other things to point out: this place is a BYOB and cash only.Dined on a Sat night at 8pm without reservations--the hostess offered to set up a two top outside and we agreed--by set up, she had to carry a table outside and also chairs (nice hostess), it was great sitting outside.  It was packed inside and a bit warm for the staff--and they were slammed w. customers.  They were polite but stressed.  While waiting for our table setup, I could hear the female chef being a bit tough with a server, nothing approaching Gordon Ramsey, but interesting to hear as a customer.  I'm willing to work with a restaurant if they are really busy, so I didn't expect lots of attention at our table--this might be a turnoff for some diners.  The appetizers were really good, we had a sampler w. several dips, stuffed grape leaves, everything was super fresh, nothing astounding, but good.  He had lamb on the bone, said it was great, I had a pasta dish w. bacon, greek cheese, olives--pasta was cooked just right, tasted good throughout, was quite a bit of oil/butter when I got to the bottom layer of pasta, so the last 25% wasn't as enjoyable.  It was fine.  Waitress took our order but didn't ask if we wanted anything to drink, I had to stop her as she turned away--it wasn't rudeness, they were just in high volume mode.  If you're willing to manage things like this, rather than make a list of all that the server is doing wrong, like some Yelp reviewers do (and I can understand how they feel), then you will probably have a good enough experience.  The prices are on the edge of expensive so that might keep me away.  If a pasta dish is in the high teens, I'd maybe want freshly made pasta or something to make it special.  It was good, though.  My thought is that Effie's has been a successful small neighborhood restaurant who might be coasting on their location and longevity--without a need or strong desire to excel.  As long as they perform well, they will make good money.  I'd go there again, but with the thought that it could be hit or miss--and would go when I'm in a decent mood and not prone to grumpiness.I was visiting and the hotel recommended Effie's. I had the best Greek salad I've ever had with yummy pita and olive oil. The brought a wonderful treat for dessert too. The wait staff was very nice and it was a perfect dinner. Definitely recommend!one of my fave byo's in the city. great food! great service! great setting! can't wait to return :-)