Stellar. 
Equals or surpasses any Indian/Pakistani/Balti food I've ever had in London/Britain.
For half the price of Tiffin.Chicken Tikka Masala.
I've never had such irresistible cravings for anything as I have for their chicken tikka masala.  If you haven't had it yet, you don't even know. 
Also...  I live at 21st & Fitzwater (Graduate Hospital neighborhood).  They're in Fishtown on east girard.. and they DELIVER TO ME! yes yes yes!Hands down the best Indian I've had since I moved to Philadelphia.  I wish I knew the names of the items I tried but they were all good.A friend surprised me with this visit.  Small but the food was very good.  A slow Thursday night and it was BYOB.  I definitely would eat here again.  I emjoyed the chicken vindaloo, spicy yes!great place...especially if you find tiffin just a bit too expensive.  ekta is almost identical in quality, but it will save you some money.  the only real difference is that the sauces are slightly less thick than tiffin's and the paneer is smaller and a bit less firm.  other than that, you can't tell the difference.
i always order takeout, and they are quick and nice, and always throw in a sample of something new to try.  tip them well.  they deserve it!I hadn't been to Ekta since it first opened a few years ago, and went this evening for an Indian food craving. 
The food was, for the most part, excellent. My boyfriend and I both really enjoyed our entrees - I got chicken tikka masala and he got a lamb dish (which I can't recall how to spell). My chicken was delicious and the sauce was spiced beautifully. It had much more depth to it than lots of other tikka masala that I've had. The naan was warm and fresh. Minus one star for the vegetable samosas that we ordered as an appetizer - burning hot on the outside and freezing cold in the middle. The texture of samosa filling when it is cold is not appealing at all. 
Service was friendly and efficient. Very solid option for Indian food in the area.I can't even comment on Ekta's food. Why? Because it still hasn't been delivered, nearly two hours after I ordered it. I've never had, or even heard of, such terrible service. I've called the restaurant to check on the progress (if you can call it that) and have been told each time that it will be another fifteen minutes. I'm so angry I didn't even cancel the order because I want to see how long it takes at this point. 
Never again.Oh but seriously, Ekta is bomb.
You know how Philly can't really handle snow...or rain...or any weather pattern not consistent with Scottsdale, Arizona? 
Well mega props to Ekta for having solid delivery of hot food in less than an hour on the quintessential dark and stormy night....When the rain smacks against your window like a cudgel wrapping against prison walls, there's nothing more comforting than a large hot bowl of spicy, freshly cut bindi masala. 
The spice warms your insides, while the okra, tender, yet firm, swoops over your tongue. The garlic naan oddly cools your fire, calms your gastric juices, and appeases your tongue with its soft, fluffy elegance.Woah! Can't believe I haven't written a review of Ekta yet. I've been a regular for pretty much as long as they've been open. Great take out, and they have a small dining room now too. Great place for a simple date that doesn't feel like a big to-do. I have yet to find any other Indian food in the city that compares. Karma in Old City is a close 2nd.
My favorite way to order is while sitting in traffic on 95-S and then picking up after taking the Girard exit to avoid the rest of the traffic on 95. If traffic starts flowing and I have some time to wait in the take out area, I love watching them place the naan into the tandoori or pulling it out with the irons.cant keep me away from the malia kofta!!! heaven in my mouth.
worlds apart from tiffin.I'm upgrading my review because Ekta is now what I consider to be the best Indian food in the city.   Food is fantastic, authentic, fresh, and priced fairly.Love the food here!
We've grabbed take out a few times here and never been disappointed. Some of the best Indian food I've found.
We even brought our young kids into the new dining room and had a great time there. Very friendly staff, good service and excellent food. It's our go to Indian restaurant.After all the great ratings on yelp from the other reviewers, we decided to try out Ekta (Fishtown).  We're an Indian family, so while we may be pickier than some, most of the time yelp reviews have not steered us wrong.  That is until we ate at Ekta.  (For those of you that don't want to read the whole review, in short the service was poor and very slow, and the food was okay at best.  I won't be going there again, and I would not recommend it).
We came in for lunch (12pm)  on a weekday, and the entire place was empty.  Not a big deal since it is a weekday, so we decided to sit down anyway.  The waiter brought the papad and chutneys to our table while we looked over the menu to order.  The papad was good and crisp, and tasted fresh.  The tamarind chutney was also very tasty (tart and not overly sweet), but the mint chutney, while it was spicy and not bad, had a sweet undertone that shouldn't ever be present when making mint chutney in the traditional way.  Over all though, we were still enjoying our little snacks while we were figuring out what to order.
We ordered the Samosa Chaat and Onion Bhaji as our appetizers.  This is where our disappointing experience really began.  We had asked for the chutneys and yogurt to be brought out on the side and not mixed in to the samosa chaat so that we could add those things in to our taste (a lot of restaurants make it too sweet for our taste, so it's just easier this way).  Asking for all three of these things on the side was like a 3 minute conversation, so when they brought out the dish and it was soaking in chutneys but had the yogurt on the side, we were a little miffed, but understood that everyone can make mistakes and decided to try it and see how we liked it before we complained.   That's when things just got worse.  Samosas are supposed to be served hot... even when they are used in samosa chaat.  The samosas in the samosa chaat we were served was cold... like straight out of the fridge cold.  In addition, there was so much tamarind chutney in the dish that the samosa were basically swimming in it (not an exaggeration).  So at this point we reminded the waiter nicely how we had originally ordered it, and since the samosa was cold if they could serve it to us hot instead.  While the waiter admitted that most people serve the samosa hot and add all the cool/ cold ingredients on top, their restaurant did not and only served it cold.  As a restaurant, if you have a microwave in the kitchen (which we know they did), why not just make a customer happy and heat up the samosa before serving it?  I've never been to a restaurant that refused to accommodate the customer.   In the end, they brought out another very cold samosa in the samosa chaat, and didn't bring out any chutneys to go with it at all, expecting us to eat it dry.  On an upside, the onion bhaji was very good, but again they forgot to bring out the chutney accompaniment that goes with it, and we had to remind them to bring it for us.  
For lunch we had ordered the saag paneer and vegetables with unripe mango (can't remember the name, but it seemed really interesting) and two orders of garlic naan.  After a while the waiter brought out the saag paneer and mango vegetables, but didn't clear our table first, so he had a lot of trouble placing things.  When we stacked and collected our appetizer plates and dishes for him he took them away (another thing I don't usually have to do for a waiter to clear the table, which added to the poor service I mentioned in the first paragraph).  We waited 15 minutes for our garlic naan to be served to us after he brought out our vegetables and it was only after one of us walked over to the door of kitchen/takeout area  where the 2 workers  where and asked about our naan since our vegetables were now getting cold.  The response was "oh, do you only want 1 now?"  Really?!  15 minutes is absurd when those items should have been brought out together since they are meant to be eaten together!  Every other restaurant I have ever been to gives you all the portions of your entrée at the same time.   Did I mention there was still no one else in the restaurant, so it's not like they were busy serving other guests.  There also didn't seem to be many take out/delivery  orders at the time since we were sitting close to the door and would have been able to see another customer or delivery person.  The entrees we ordered were okay in taste and appropriately spicy for what we ordered.    I would still prefer Tiffin,  Karma, or Palace at the Ben to this place because their food and service are both good. 
If anyone was wondering, we were nice to the waitstaff despite the trouble and even told them our opinions as to how to improve service, but it didn't seem like they cared.    All in all, I will not be going back and I won't recommend this place to anyone because of their poor/slow service and just okay food.ekta is so, so good.  the vegetable samosas are amazing, the basil naan is delicious, and the lamb vindaloo will knock your socks off (they don't mess around with the heat here).  i've liked everything i've ever tried from ekta, plus it's very reasonably priced and delivers almost anywhere. just awesome.Im still a big fan and its been good enough to keep me coming back every sunday since..... well, the summer.  Ekta has become part of my day off.  After a week without it, i start to get the shakes.....then ..... ahhhh.  I get my weekly fix.  I must say that I have been back to Tiffin and its probably a closer call then I thought.  The service and look of Tiffin is better but the better food comes out of Ekta's kitchen.Fix the weak-ass Wonder Bread nan and you could very well claim the title Best Indian in Philadelphia.
Positively scrumptious and world-class.
Extremely reasonable prices.
Insanely huge delivery area.
Large, varied food orders delivered on time, with a smile, every item at the perfect temperature.
Two Indian thumbs up!Soooo good. Mango curry is my favorite thing from here. The mango chutney is the best ive ever had, usually if i get it from other places its really watery and gross. Go hereThe best Indian food I've ever tasted anywhere. Although their prices have gradually increased over the years, I buck up anyway because the food is outstanding. I take an inconvenient drive across the city to get my Ekta when the craving hits, and I'll never waste my time or money getting Indian food from anywhere closer or more convenient. 
I'd do anything to convince them to deliver to my home in South Philadelphia. Do you hear me, Ekta? ANYTHING! This includes breaking the law. What can I do?Favorite indian in philly. Get the mango paneer it's my favorite thing ever! Sweet and spicy- more lien a sweet bbq than a mango flavor. Lamb vindaloo is amazing and very spicy. Tandoori veggies are good too. The prices keep going up which makes sense for the neighborhood but still wigs everything was still $12. If you eat in its BYOB and the service is nice. The only complaints is I wish they didn't serve super hot food in plastic containers- not sure what a more health conscious option would be- maybe cardboard soup containers. They are not easily recyclable either.Credit card issue is resolved, but my credit card company had to clear it up.  So again...use cash and enjoy!Great food, though a bit pricey. Ordered delivery and they didn't provide eating utinsels and had a hard time finding our location.The best curry I've ever had! Home-made taste on all of their food. The cashew roll was delicious! Customer service was outstanding!Went here last night to explore Fishtown, a part of town I've neglected to invest my time in. Since I'm pretty sick of eating burgers and fried food, my friend and I opted to have indian.
Parking is a a bit difficult here since it's all street or residential parking. We got lucky to find a spot 3 blocks away.
The entrance confused us at first but it looks like two buildings that merged into one, with a wall that divides the takeout portion on the right and the restaurant on the left. It was strange to me at first but I realize the advantage to that is that the restaurant area is more quiet and intimate  as a result. We sat in the corner and noted the simple but clean eating area. The waiter was very good, quick and not pushy at all. He was always in the vicinity but never hovered. He also paid attention to when our water  or rice bowl needed refilling. 
We ordered the chicken tikka marsala (can't have an indian meal without it) and the boti kabob (lamb marinated overnight with ginger garlic and baked in a tandoori oven).  While we waited, the waiter filled our water and gave us the crispy appetizer in the beginning, supposedly made out of chick peas. It came with two dips, a sweet brown one and a green one that reminded me of green chili.
The lamb was tender and delicious, but I was not a fan of the raw slices of onion - ouch.
The tikka marsala was a bit on the sweet side, creamy and filling. Let's not forget the basmati rice, can't stop eating that!
Overall a great place for delicious indian food. Pricey, but delicious.Had their chicken tikka masala & buttered chicken. Perfect!
Keep in mind that they don't have much seating so it's pretty much only take out...My teenage daughters and I LOVE Indian Food.  We've tried A LOT of Indian Restaurants in the area, and we used to like Tiffins, but then we discovered EKTA and that was it for us.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is the best I've ever tasted anywhere.  The portions are very generous, and we usually split one order between us and add some appetizers like onion bhaji, samosas (delicious, and the tamarind chutney is the best I've ever tasted!).  We also usually order palak (spinach) naan.  I love to eat in because the whole place smells amazing!  A lot of time we call ahead and pick up our food.  The only thing that's a little tricky is trying to find parking when picking up, but I usually just double park because they have my food waiting and ring me up immediately.  The staff is always friendly, they even know what we usually order.  The place is clean and the ambiance is very relaxing.This place is great!  We get delivery for lunch from here at least once a week.  They never disappoint!  Butter Chicken, fruit & nut Naan, and extra rice all day!Love this little spot on Girard Ave that's given me a big appreciation for Indian food. The food is everything you'd expect it to be: flavorful, colorful, and delicious. My favorite on the menu so far is the Chicken Tikka Masala and the garlic naan, but have also tried the mango chicken and mint chicken. Every meal was excellent; you can barely keep yourself from using up every bit of the sauces. 
The restaurant is very clean and tidy and the service is always fast and friendly. As others have mentioned, the menu may seem a bit overpriced; especially because the portions don't look large at first. But it is always filling and flavorful and ultimately, worth it.We get Indian delivery on a regular basis and this is our go to place. (although not really many other choices in the city). Anyway, it's really good, solid, Indian Food. We use to get delivery from Tiffin but now patronize Ekta since it is around the corner. Ekta used to be cheaper than Tiffin but now I think they're about the same. The usual dishes we get are saag paneer and moli kofta. Recently had chicken tandoor and a lamb dish too which were both great. Also had a cauliflower dish which was stewed with tomato, onion and chilies that was out of this world. Everything is pretty spicy here (even the mild dishes) so be aware, but it's nothing an ice cold beer or a couple glasses of riesling cant take care of. They also have really great vegetable samosas and their naan is also excellent. They are usually willing to deliver across the city (my sister gets them in Queen Village) so don't be afraid to call and ask.As my friend John Mallinen put it, "I'm just way into the idea that I can eat bomb-ass Indian food without even leaving my house."  And here it is:  Ekta is the new king of 19125 delivery Indian food.  This new joint opened recently on Girard Ave and only a few blocks from Tiffin. And I've heard that a few people from Tiffin left and started Ekta, but I'm not sure, and it doesn't really matter.
Ekta has a good variety of veg options.  Overall, it has standard, but great Indian options. Lentils, Paneer, lamb, and chicken are served with fresh vegetables in various curries.  Best of al, each dish is made to order.  The main downside of Ekta is that it has no atmosphere.  Two small tables are crammed into the front of the kitchen, leaving almost no room to eat at the restaurant.
Here's the bottom line:  Ekta offers fresh, healthy, delicious Indian food, and it's cheaper than Tiffin.  The main dishes are just as good, if not better.  There is no reason, however, to eat at the restaurant.  If you're trying to go out for Indian food, Tiffin should be your option.  Still, be lazy, order Ekta delivery, and enjoy the goodness from your own couch.Delicious food, but a tad over priced.  We ordered three dishes (Dal, Paneer-dish, and a lamb dish), which also came with two small cups of rice.  In total, our bill was just under $50.00.
One of the best Indian restaurants in the city (best in Fishtown), but the price will prohibit us from returning for quite sometime.  Excellent vegetarian and meat options.  Our food was flavorful, with just the right amount of spice.  Friendly staff, with average preparation time.
Try Kabobeesh on 40th and Walnut for dishes that compare in taste, but are 1/3rd of the price and of much larger portions.Tiffin, which is not too far away from Ekta, used to be my go to spot for good Indian delivery. However, Ekta takes the cake for delicious Indian food in my Fishtown hood. The lamb tikka masala is delicious, as well as, the paneer sagwala. Additionally, the samosas are hot with a crispy crust. I like to top of my fabulous Ekta cuisine with a mango lassi & their cheese naan. If you visit Ekta, it's definitely not fancy, and a very casual dining experience. Which makes it all the better, as the price is very fair.The mango chicken is to die for.  One of my favorite dishes of all time.  Just try it :)Ekta had been on my list of places to check out for at least a year, and on a sunny but cold afternoon, I finally made the trip to Fishtown to check it out. Perhaps it was an off-day at Ekta, but the experience left me a little underwhelmed (and sad that Ekta wouldn't be my go-to for Indian food in Philadelphia).
Food 3.5/5: We were seated quickly with waters and papadam and chutney. We ordered the Goan Shrimp Curry and the Mirch Tikka. The shrimp curry had large prawns that weren't overcooked (but did have the texture of being slightly undercooked), rich coconut, onion and tomato sauce and a side of basmati rice. The mirch tikka was a bit drier than anticipated with a thin marinade of sour cream and chili peppers. It was listed as "Too Spicy" but lacked the promised kick despite some light heat. The basmati rice served was light and fluffy, but room temperature. Good portion sizes all around.
Atmosphere 3.5/5: There were a few other customers in for an early dinner, but otherwise the place was next to empty. Clean, well-kept but slightly cold (temperature) and not particularly decorated or done up in any way. The lack of decor did leave the impression that their focus was only on the food, not on the ambiance.
Service: 3.5/5: We had minimal interaction with our server aside from ordering. The meal largely felt like a business transaction rather than a dining experience. We asked if there was tea or hot water (since it was cold out) and after a round, were told that the kitchen was out. As soon as we were finished, the general vibe was to urge us to pay and leave. 
Overall, decent food and good portion sizes. Large selection of menu items. But food, service and atmosphere lacked the finesse to go from good to great.I was never big on Indian food until I tried Ekta a few months ago. I thought it to be too spicy than to attempt to eat on a dare. Now, I am a full-fledged addict. I love this restaurant. We always get the same server, who is just wonderful. The atmosphere is very low-key, unpretentious, warm and inviting. You can relax with your favorite BYO of choice over a delicious meal at a reasonable price. I know giving any place a full 5-stars seems a bit much, but I can not think of a real, reasonable reason ( is it really necessary or even fair to comment on something as asinine as say, the paint color of the walls in a restaurant? No, not in my book) not to. I always leave fully content ( and usually with a doggy-bag of left overs!) 
Personal recommendations: Shabanam Curry and Kachha Aam Ki Sazi ( gets easier to say with practice, I assure you).(Hastags) best Indian, lamb korma, chicken tikka, paneer whatever!!
Our favorite Indian restaurant in the city by far. We order this food for delivery every couple of months or so.  We haven't found something that we don't like. We do find that some of the appetizers like the tandoori meats are a little small but they still taste great.Best Indian food in Philly- amazing. The portions are also a decent size so I had enough left over for for lunch the next day. They have a huge delivery area and delivery was faster than we were told it would be. 
I had a Shabanam Curry and it was full of veggies in a delicious sauce. This contrasts with many Indian places in Philly where it's a lot of sauce (that's mostly cream instead of flavor) and the odd potato and overcooked broccoli. 
I ate with three other people and everyone was really happy with their dinner- vegetarians and carnivores alike.I've tried a few Indian restaurants since I moved to Philly, but Ekta stands out as my favorite for several reasons.  
The food:  My favorite dish is Biryani, so I use the house special as a sort of gauge for my first impressions of an Indian restaurant.  On my first visit, I ordered the Ekta Biryani, which had amazing flavor and generous portions of chicken, shrimp, and lamb.  
The service:  After this first visit, I accidentally left my favorite winter hat at the restaurant, so I called and they told me they would look for it.  I prepared myself for never seeing the hat again, but late that night, someone from Ekta called to tell me they had found it and would hold it for me.  
The food again:  I went the next day around lunch to pick up my hat and figured I would also order more food, since they had been kind enough to call me back about the hat.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala, which was just as fantastic as the Biryani.  
The service again:  Since then, I have ordered several more times from Ekta.  They must have my name in their phone system because they call me by name when I phone in an order and treat me with familiarity and friendliness each time, both over the phone and when I pick up the food.  It's really simple, but I truly appreciate feeling like a regular customer who matters to a restaurant.  In my experience, Ekta treats their customers well.
Will definitely be taking more of my business to Ekta, and I will also be spreading the word to everyone who lives in the area.Ekta: I've read/heard the reviews about Tiffin being better, but I think Ekta is more persuasive on my taste buds. Tiffin feels good, but it has a tinge more of having been adapted. Ekta, though I'm not the from the good ol' sub-cont., seems more 'authentic.' As to the bitter complaints on the nan, I've never had an issue. One drawback this place shares with Tiffin, the tip area on take away receipts. I hate that. Tip for what again?I am SO happy to have Ekta in the neighborhood.  I'm a Tiffin fan and have been ordering from there since they opened, but now with Ekta so much closer and cheaper I've been ordering from there lately.  I love the butter chicken which is not chicken soaking in butter as the name suggests, but rather chicken in a delicious spice loaded red sauce (well, I'm sure there's butter in there too...).  The food I've tried is at the top of my spice threshold which I'd say leans toward wimpy (me, not the food).  The samosa chat, and the onion bahji are really good appetizers with plenty for sharing.  I keep garlic naan from Trader Joe's in the freezer since I've found naan really doesn't travel well (we get take out).  Two entrees plus an appetizer for two adults gets us two full meals in our house.  Yay leftovers!Simply put I love this place. I must have eaten here a few dozen times, if I count take out/delivery. I have never been disappointed or underwhelmed. Every time I wish my guy was bigger so I could keep eating the delicious food. 
The dine-in atmosphere is great its not as loud as many of the nearby options which is nice. Waiters are always attentive. Cheap enough to bring friends and upscale enough for dinner with parents (the kind where they pay for your meal)
If you are new to Indian food then this is a great place to start. If you are an old pro they can satisfy you here also. 
I don't think I have ever order the same thing twice and loved everything I have eaten.I live close by. So its a short walk for me. 
The food is average. Prices are above average. They haven't quite made the leap from take-out to actual restaurant. 
God forbid you should be in there after 10pm!
Best part is BYO. 
Its worth checking out.Spicey hot goodness! This place rocks on so many levels. However, the first level is that fact that they do not overly use oils which is my pet peeve with restaurants. I took the advice of fellow yelpers and headed to this place and was not disappointed. 
Unlike most, I chose to eat in the dining area. It was a bit quiet (read:empty)  but the server was friendly and attentive. My dining partner and I ordered the garlic kabob, garlic nan, the kadai chicken and the bhindi masala. 
The garlic kabob was a chicken kabob that was tender, lemony and perfectly seasoned with fresh herbs. The nan came out, warm and soft and just right with a texture that was crisp in some places and chewy in others. 
Both the "sinus clearing" kadai chicken and bhindi masala exceeded expectations. The only comment I have on a fellow yelper's review is that if you want leftovers and you consider yourself to be a "big eater" you may want to order an additional portion because after singing the praises of this place throughout the entire meal we had nothing left to take home! 
I would have liked a bigger selection of drinks and maybe a sparking water choice but overall, I highly recommend this place.
Dance of joy: Perfectly seasoned dishes with distinct flavor and character. Superb hotness in the spicey dishes. 
Weeps and Wails: I forgot my tissues and I sneezed and cried while eating the kadai chicken...(it was awesome). Dining area can be a little empty...Now most don't know, but Cincinnati (my former city before moving to Philly) was a hot bed of amazing northern Indian food. I know, it's hard to believe that anything in Ohio is spicy or brag-worthy, but it really was "the shiz". So after searching for something comparable in Philly and coming up empty handed, I had pretty much given up -- that is until I met EKTA. Now the mere fact that they will deliver all the way to my office in Rittenhouse, without charge and in a timely manner is unbelievable! Add that to the free dessert and the delicious food and you've got a winner. We've ordered a few times from there now and done it up family style and I've never been disappointed with anything. I usually stick to the veggie dishes like masaladar chola and saag paneer, but the lamb vindaloo and butter chicken totally knocked my socks off.Will always order from Ekta... Probably the best Tikka Massala Sauce in city.  Prices are a little high but food is amazing!  Also love the Vindaloo Chicken (very hot n spicy). Very friendly staff!Got delivery today...  The food is clearly high quality..  We ordered Chicken tika masala, lamb tika masala, and garlic naan.  All were delicious.super yum. I got the chicken tikka masala and could NOT have been happier. others said when getting food delivered that they skimped on the chicken. but they were generous with my order. will DEF order again.Nice Indian spot, even moreso cuz It's just down the lane from me. The chef gets the spice combos right and everything comes out fresh and tasty. 
Menu has the standards, though Ekta makes 'em a bit better than most places around town. Authentic? I guess so. The best Indian I've had was in Hong Kong, followed closely by Southall, near London. I guess those spots were the most "authentic" (never been to India) and Ekta does a good enough job in comparison.I have never once had an issue with Ekta. I've since moved out of the city, but my business is right down the street from them. At least once a week, my boyfriend brings home Ekta because we love it that much. Really great food.Incredibly solid Indian food...good portions, reasonable prices. Doesn't offer much in the way of ambiance, but I don't mind. Wouldn't be my idea of the perfect date spot, but you won't be disappointed with the food. Two entrees could feed four people. They also have a closed off dining room for patrons who wish to eat in--and it has ac!! I will return.The food here is so delicious I crave it year round when I'm not in Philly. Love the Chicken Tikka Masala here! It's not too tomatoey (I like CTM to be more creamy). The staff is super friendly. We've had great conversations about yoga and meditation and they seem to always remember their returning customers. Would highly recommend!I'm sorry Ekta. I guess we just got off on the wrong foot. I love your new menu additions and the spice levels seem fine now, so maybe it was just a bad first date.  Ekta is now my go to Indian place and I love, love, love every morsel I've had as of late, which is a lot, like several times a month a lot. If we were on the Bachelorette I'd give you a rose.ordered take out last night.  great as always.  one of my fav indian spots.  good eats for sure!Really really good indian food in Philly. Very authentic and the spiciness was perfect. 
Saag Paneer - absolutely delicious. Very creamy and my husband who barely likes spinach loved this dish.
Chicken Vindaloo - Very spicy and delicious. You feel the heat in the aftertaste. The sauce is soooo good.
Lamb Rogan Josh - Lamb was very tender and melted in your mouth.
The location is ok although girard ave tends be a tad sketchy. It was hard to find good indian food in Philly and this place turned out to be our favorite.Food was amazing I try malai kofta it's good and dessert I try gulab jamun it's to hardI thought Philly only had hoagie shops and gastropubs, but Ekta turned my ignorant notions into... uh... non...ignorance.  Anyway I guess Philly has good Indian food as well.  Ekta was my first taste of Indian food in the great city of Philly and it did not disappoint. I went there with my bud DJ on a man-date, and we got lamb chettinad, samosa chaat, and garlic naan. We got the samosa chaat based on the recommendation of Manzur, the server/manager, and it was good but we had no idea it was a cold dish... kind of like a cold, mashed samosa gazpacho.  It's good, I promise, but if you're craving a samosa then that's probably not going to satisfy.  But no worries, Manzur sensed our slight disappointment and gave DJ and I an order of regular samosas ON THE HOUSE, which of course is my favorite. Free. 
A little tip: dine in and get a punch card.  If you dine in 5 times, you get 1 free entree the next time you eat in.  ALSO, if you bring your own gin, they can make authentic Indian cocktails and you can mix the gin in yourself. PARTY WITH MANZUR!Bare bones decor for dining in, but the food is excellent. We are visiting from Houston, and it beats the various Indian restaurants there. We ordered atypical to explore, no tikka, and that can always lead to mediocre food in past experiences, but these dishes were great. We ordered the Baigan Bharta (Smoked eggplant cooked with fresh onion, tomato,green peas and chopped ginger) and the Goan Fish Curry (Tilapia fish cooked with fresh coconut, onion & tomato sauce in light cream) and the Pudina Naan (White flour bread flavored with Mint).
If you come with a group, they will have to figure out seating. There's only one larger table setup.How have I not reviewed Ekta yet!? This place is as good as it gets when it comes to Indian flavors and spicy punches. 
My first piece of advice- please be careful eating the Vindaloo. It will knock your socks off. 
Second, leftovers are okay. Don't pack it all in and make yourself regret choosing Indian food- all of their food reheats wonderfully. 
Third, you can pick it up or eat in- the restaurant beside the pick-up area now has a window so you can see outside...actually, you can see all of the folks waiting on their food...but still, better than a wall! 
We've eaten so many great items on the menu- chicken tikka masala of course, lamb saagwala, chicken vindaloo, lamb chettinad...they're all so delicious. Add some naan to the mix (we stick with the plain) and you don't need much else. We only get one entree each and we still have leftovers to heat up the next day, which is always a nice treat!
Special Note: It's dress-up or dress-down in the little side restaurant- a free for all, really!Great food and service!! We are steady customers - eat in, take out and delivery with 5 stars every time. Reasonably priced.Ordered delivery and you'll get hot food in cheap plastic containers.Never had Indian food so was very skeptical. It was very good. I stuck with the simple things on the menu as the waiter. Who by the way was very helpful in his suggestions. I ended up getting the curry chicken & the cashew rolls. Delicious! My boyfriend got chicken tikka masala. This is one of the hidden Byob places in the city. We didn't bring a bottle. They have a take out place connected right next store. I grabbed a menu & I am definitely going to order take out from there. It will be a welcoming change from always ordering the same chinese , pizza, & sandwich takeout I usually orderWe met with our old friend  for dinner  and he suggested eating at EKTA. It is his favorite Indian restaurant, Food and service were both good. We had the veg. samosa,garlic naan, balgan bharta (smoked eggplant) and .chicken tikka masala. All were good. There is street parking which was hard to find. Menu is all a la carte. They have vegetarian as well as non vegetarian meals.We ordered delivery one snowy Thursday evening on a lazy, lazy whim.  Best decision ever!  Even in the pouring snow, the delivery driver was at my door within 15 minutes and the food was piping hot.  
Veggie samosas are killer and the naan is extra fluffy.I'm not an expert on Indian, but I've had a lot of Indian food around the city and this is the best so far. The Lamb Chettinad is heaven, but be warned - when they the Vindaloo is hot... they mean it. It's a kind of hot I can't even describe. But anyway, the deliver, have take out, and a nice little dinning area and will blow your mind.I ordered the Paneer tikka masala and I couldn't have been happier. It was both spicy and and a little sweet - perfectly seasoned. The naan was perfect. I highly recommend it.Ekta you have broken my heart.  
You must have gotten a Tiffin menu because you have raised your prices close to 20%.  I know that times are tough and when facing the idea of expansion, capital is important but changing a $8 dinner to a $10 dinner doesn't seem right.  Our two person dinners went from very reasonable $18 to a silly $28.
Ekta, I know that the long-tail theory has been kind of getting discredited lately but by the fact that every time I go in there there are 5 people waiting for the same crack-filled indian food, it seems like you guys are not hurting.  
I will never trust a restaurant again.Love this place! My favorite Indian restaurant ever. They have one in Bryn mawr as well. Delicious and highly recommended!I ordered from this place when it had first opened and they were still sorting out how far out they would deliver.  They didn't even have menus yet!  I called them and asked if they would deliver to Temple U, and the guy said no, and I was so sad... then he called back 15 minutes later and said he would!  You should have seen my face... I was so happy.  The owner even brought the food over himself so that he could see where it was, and we had a great little chat.  The food comes fast and hot, and so full of flavor it's ridiculous.  The naan is so delicious, but eat it fast while it's hot, because it gets tougher as it cools.  I've had three types, garlic, plain, and onion, and just be forewarned, that it's not like garlic bread.  The garlic naan has fresh garlic in/on it, no salt, so sprinkle some on if you like it salty.  I've mostly chicken dishes, my boyfriend always gets the lamb korma.  We've learned to get our own naan because it goes fast, and it's too good to share, no matter how much you love someone.  I've had the chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, and the kadai lamb, and they were all delicious.  And the rice!!!  That rice, I swear, is like no other rice I have ever had in life.  It is so delicious, and comes free with whatever you order.  They also send along a small container of whatever the chef's special of the day is, which to my knowledge, is never on the menu, but is always some kind of dessert, and is yummy.   This one time, I ordered a vegetarian dish, and it was disgusting.  DISGUSTING.  I couldn't finish it.  I'm 99% sure it was the baigan bharta, so unless you like the stuff, be forewarned and stick to the meat.  Also, the stuff just doesn't taste the same after a night n the fridge, so try to finish it all... the meat gets tougher, the rice gets hard and dehydrated, and the magic is lost... trust me.I will warn everyone that the atmosphere here is very thrown together and inexpensive looking. Which can be awkward. If you take a date here you will not be dazzling them with fancy decor. But the food is so good her that I will go again and again. Maybe the reason it's so good is because they focus all their energy on how everything tastes and not on how everything looks. Check this place out. Also they deliver. But I live too far away so I have to dine in.My favorite take out in the city. They are always friendly, punctual and reliably delicious. I've been ordering from here about once a week for over a year and can't think of one bad experience. They are a little pricey but the quality is worth it.Not only the best Indian food I've ever had (in the US) but my favorite restaurant hands down. Usually go for the Chicken Tikka Masala or Saag Aur Paneer. It's a byob and despite a recent price hike the portions are generous. Love.Ekta definitely lived up to the rave reviews it got! Food was good, cashier was friendly (I only did take out) My husband described his food as "orgasmic." Mine was also really great, but I will order it mild next time because medium was a bit too spicy  for me (then again I don't go crazy for spice) I will be taking my out of town friends here to eat in the dinning room when they come stay because Ekta is not the best indian food i've ever had, but it it the best indian food i've had in philly.Foods the best i had thats indian. prices are steep thoughEtka is my go to spot for take out food. The butter chicken is amazing, and they always deliver the food quick and hot.Not being a great authority on Indian food I will just say that I agree with the 4 star reviews on Yelp.
Service was prompt. Lamb dishes were tender, sauces were tasty and the garlic naan was moist with lots of garlic. Actually, they can never put too much garlic in anything for me, but this did contain an ample amount. Next time I would have the Vindaloo because the waiter said it was super spicy, but the dish I had that was one step down from the Vindaloo was just average on a spicy scale to me.
BYO, takes all credit cards, and public parking right across the street.As a disclaimer this review is purely based on the delivery aspect of the operation, I live pretty far from Ekta but I still get my fix because they deliver to center city all the way from No-lib. 
First off, delivery is always the last option for me mainly because in my mind the food isn't as fresh as it is when you eat it at the restaurant. Ekta has completely changed my pre-conceived notions about delivery. My horizon has been broadened so to say. 
The food is simply superb! This past weekend for a party of eight we ordered a variety of dishes; Chicken Tikka, Paneer Saag, Chicken Saag, Chicken Kadai, Malai Kofta, Chicken Biryani and vegetable samosas, and garlic naan. Very reasonable considering the amount of food we got (17.00 + tip per person) and since we were at my place I also got 3-4 meals extra! 
All the dishes exceeded expectations and had the right amount spice, I can't pick a favorite because they all legitamately were delicious! 
So, if you live in Center City and crave indian like I do but don't want to move off your couch because there are football games on call up Ekta and have them deliver you some bomb A$$ food.Great food! I had a whole bunch of stuff to eat including Chicken Tikkah, which was super good. You have to wait a little bit of time to receive the food, but it's worth it. 
There is definitely a language barrier.My boyfriend and I usually go to Lovash for Indian food, but decided we would try something different considering there are several other places in the city.  
We ordered the vegetable samosa, basil naan, onion naan, kadai chicken, and the lamb rogan josh.  
Veg. samosa- no complaints here.  They tasted like any other vegetable samosa I've had before and the sauces that accompanied were good.
The naans were a little squishier than I'm used to.  Usually they are a little bit crisper, or maybe just more charred?  The dough was all loosey-goosey and just not as appealing as I'm used to.  If I had to pick one, I preferred the onion naan over the basil.
Lamb rogan josh had a lot of fatty bits in it.  I did a lot of napkin stowing with this meal.  It was only slightly spicy, which is good for me.  However, on the menu it does not indicate any spiciness, so for someone that does not do well with heat, be forewarned.  I typically go for chicken dishes and thought since we were already trying a new place, why not try a new meat?  I think I'll stick with the chicken from now on.
My boyfriend's kadai chicken was too spicy for me to eat.  I got down two bites and then had to stop because I was pretty sure my sinuses were beginning to flow Hoover Dam-style.  It is listed as a "two chili pepper" on the menu and some items are "three chili peppers".  I don't even want to think about how spicy those threes are.
I'm glad we checked out another place, but I definitely prefer Lovash still.  On to the next!I had been looking forward to trying out ekta for a year or so.  Usually I go to Tiffin - and after dining at Ekta finally I will always go to Tiffin.  The lamb biryani was overcooked and uninspiring.  The okra (bhindi) curry seemed like the okra had been defrosted or something - the veggies were small and frayed.  No music in the background.  Good service...but the ambiance and food are disappointing when you have Tiffin down the street.I had to try this place since there are so many great reviews. I got the chicken tikka  masala, onion baji, and naan. The onion and naan where very good. The chicken tikka masala was really not that good. The spices they used were not cooked fully and it had a raw spice flavor. Also the ground spices left the sauce gritty like sand was in it. I like my tikka sauce to be rich, smooth, and creamy. I will not be returning.Had great expectations from this place after reading the reviews but was disappointed. I definitely have eaten better Indian food in Philly. Their non-vegetarian dishes were still better than their vegetarian counterparts.I used to be a huge fan of "Tiffin," however after Ekta opened I am yet to go back.  I have tried virtually everything on the menu and it is ALL DELICIOUS.  If you want it hot, they'll make it hot, if you want it atomic, they'll make it atomic!  
  My one complaint is that everything seems to be slightly over priced.  Granted the food is outstanding, but I feel as though every plate should be a 1-2 dollars cheaper.  I constantly find myself spending twenty to thirty bucks on myself, and most of the time it's take out.
  I am not a fan of reheated Indian, but all the food I get from here winds up being reheated at some point the following day, even the naan.  Reheated naan, never thought I would do it, but it has become a rather common occurrence.This has to be one of the biggest yelp let downs ever. 
4.5 stars?!? Seriously? What a joke.
It's places like this that makes me want to rethink yelp. 
I chose this place solely based on the reviews and placed an order for delivery. 
I'm guessing people who give this place more than one star have no concept of what Indian food should taste like... They probably consider Taco Bell fine Mexican food. 
We ordered the chicken biryani, tandoori chicken, mirchi tikka, seekh kabob, chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala, raita and naan. 
The naan were good - and they better be at $2.50 each when other places charge about half of that. 
The kabobs were dry and rock hard. The tandoori chicken was bland. The mirchi tikka was one of the worst thugs I have ever eaten - anywhere. Such an odd after taste. It was gross. 
The biryani and CTM were just ok....
And to put a cherry on top - the bill was $82.00.
Overpriced and definitely over hyped. I will NEVER be back, even if it's free.i love ekta.  when i moved to philly from new york city i was so dismayed at the lack of good, spicy indian food available.  ekta is the only place that comes close.-{My wife and I are in our late Forties, well travelled and well educated. Also we both spent about a decade each in the restaurant business. We live in Fishtown, Philadelphia. We both love great food and appreciate good service.}-
I wanted to mention that we have eaten here around 5/6 times before. 
Sunday 18th Sept 2016 night for dinner. 
So we decided we needed some Indian food last Sunday evening. I wasn't  that thrilled with my last visit to my local Indian restaurant Ekta, but thought well the no matter what the food is usually pretty good. 
When we arrived about 7:45 the restaurant was about half full. We were seated and menus brought over with waters. 
If you don't already know Ekta is BYO and also has a take-out part next door. The BYO makes coming here cheaper and you can bring whatever you want.
I was having some lite beers( they go well with Indian food)  and my wife was having a gin n tonic, also good with Indian food. 
My wife and I are both Scottish so we grew up with some amazing Indian food. ( Indian food is hugely popular in UK )
The host came to take our order, I ordered tandoori chick n and my wife ordered paneer tikka masala and also a garlic nan bread. Any time we have been in there it has been what looks like a husband and wife team, both have always been nice.
The restaurant is nice and clean they use real linen. Its one of those rooms that seems to amplify and carry sound really easily, you can hear other conversations quite clearly. God forbid you drag your chairs, sounds like an earthquake hehe.
The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time and looked and smelled good. I'm so glad we skipped the apps, it's very easy to fill up fast with Indian food. My chicken was nice and hot and just the right amount of spices. My wife's paneer was delicious, the sauce was yummy and creamy. I added some to my tandoori chicken, I thought that came with some sauce but it didn't. 
We actually managed to finish all of our food it was so good, and we didn't fill up on apps. 
So we were happy campers, nicely full with some spicy lips and tongue. 
I still think prices are a hair on the high side, maybe that's just my Scottish-ness, but when you consider the BYO, food quality, service etc it's all good.
I think they deserved 5 stars this visit. If anyone looking for some good Indian food then I recommend giving them a try, even if you are not from the neighborhood. Bring some good Indian beers or a bottle of your fav wine. 
We live a few mins walk from Ekta so we will always come back for tasty Indian cuisine.i tried Ekta when they were in the process of building out the other seated table side, and it was damn fine. flavorful, complex, the spicy was truly spicy, and the service was friendly. great location right up from Johnny Brenda's. i need to make it a point to go back soon.I've been searching for awesome, affordable Indian food in Philly for six years now, and Ekta has just rocked my world. I was living in NYC before moving down to Philly, and there the options were endless: the cheap 6th St joints that probably share a kitchen, Curry Hill, reliable but over-priced Baluchi's, and the wealth of Jackson Heights, reaching a pinnacle at Jackson Diner (since gone somewhat downhill, but that's another review). So I moved to Philly, and there were cheap, mediocre buffets (e.g. the West Philly places) and expensive Café Spice. Other options came up over the past few years, but they were either let-downs or in the 'burbs. 
I don't know why it's taken me so long to try Ekta, but it will be but days before I call them again. We had the paneer tikka masala, malai kofta, and naan, and it was mind-blowing. Wow. Seriously, nearly on par with Jackson Diner at its peak, and clearly the best Indian food I've had between the Susquehanna and East Rivers (that's a wide swath of land, people). The naan was delicious; not quite restaurant-crisp but a few minutes in the oven would have seen to that (but who wants to wait?). The curries were just superb, the epitome of what Indian food should be: not freakishly hot but extremely well-spiced.
And, even with two people sharing, there are plenty of leftovers for lunch. The prices aren't bad, especially for food of this caliber, and with leftovers, the value is even better.
Ekta, expect my call.Nice decent place. The food was good per Indian standards. What I especially liked was they served papd before the meal, just like in India. One star less was for ambience. The music was very boring and dim lighting. They could really improve the look and feel of the resturant. But food was, it was typical indian resturant food :)IMHO, best Indian food in Philly....  I drive ALL THE WAY from South Philly to get Ekta take out.  I've never eaten-in, so this is a take-out based review only.I am obsessed with this place. Amazing food, service, everything. I eat here minimum once a week and it never gets old. If I could get away with eating here every day I would for sure. Definitely recommend. Best Indian in the city in my opinion.Ordered takeout for work meeting. They open at a decent hour so it was great and on time. They give you PLENTY of food. Have great selection of naan bread. Some I never even heard of.Medium rated for taste. Was a pick up order. Well packed and on time. Can give a try when you do not see any other good restaurant around.Good Indian food. We got the chicken korma and saag paneer and lamb biryani.  The biryani was dryer than what I'm used to.  They're really stingy with the naan. They charge a lot of money for one piece of small garlic naan! The food was fine.  Nothing I would dream about but I would order from them again.I became an ekta convert after two 'eh' experiences at tiffin. Since i lived only a few blocks away, ekta became a staple in my diet. now that i've moved to a new neighborhood, i still spring for delivery all the time. 
Unlike many indian places, ekta's sauces are not homogeneous...they look (and taste) like they are made from real food! you can actually see the spices their chiken tikka masala--standard of all indian restaurants in america--and it has more of a kick than tiffin's also. 
my other favorite is the malai kofta. similarly, their creamy cashew based sauce is creamy, substantial, and zesty. it is part of the meal, not just an accoutrement. 
they also send indian rice pudding as a free accompaniment most nights...its not overly sweet and has almond slices and little fruits in it. I hate western rice pudding but LIVE for this stuff.  
I will warn that when getting delivery, the nan has been kinda stale. i'd advice against it.I've only had takeout here, with a bunch of friends but we all really enjoyed our food. The menu is extensive enough to satisfy most people. I will definitely be ordering from here again!This is more of a 3.5 star, want to give 4 stars but I just cannot justify the prices. Yes their food is delish but most things on the menu are ~15$ and portions are on the smaller side. New delhi has become by go to for Indian in the city..When I lived in Northern Liberties I didn't give Ekta much thought. I would drive by, but knew that Tiffin was within a shorter walking distance. Plus Tiffin had been the best Indian I'd had in Philly so far, so I didn't feel any pressure to extend my search.
But after making the BIG move to Fishtown, we decided to give Ekta a shot. Well, I'm really glad we did because I like it more than Tiffin. The entrees are just as good (very little difference between the chicken tikka masala), and we liked their samosas better. The chutneys were more flavorful, and I always found Tiffin's chutneys and sauces to be watered down. Ekta's onion bhajis were also totally yummy! I could probably make a meal out of samosas and bhajis, but I am a sucker for fried treats. Plus Ekta is a few bucks cheaper than Tiffin.
I also love the free dessert. The kheer was so good, and I was really happy to have it after dinner. My fiance and I split an entree, plus one order of samosas and the bhajis, and there was still enough of the chicken tikka masala left over for his lunch the next day.
Ekta has definitely won me over.I love this place so much I have their number saved in my phone. Delivery takes a long time, but it is SO worth it!Great food. Solid take on traditional Indian fare. However I just spent $40 on dinner and got a half container of mango chutney and that horrible curry stuff no one eats. Really! Samosas and no mint/cilantro chutney? Or tamarind sauce? Last time I asked for onion chutney since I've never gotten it from them instead they gave me "onion salad"  which cosisted of a sliced onion in a container. Only Indian restaurant I've ever been to that didn't know what onion relish was.Delicious!!!
We finally ordered Ekta for delivery the other night and wow, I was not disappointed. I had always thought Tiffin was the Indian take out place in Nolibs/Fishtown until I drove by Ekta. After looking up the reviews on yelp, I knew I needed to try it and boy was it delicious.
I ordered the Goan Shrimp curry based on many of the reviews I read, the butter chicken (per Vinny P's review) and the garlic naan all for delivery. Now, as a highly impatient person, delivery is generally my worst nightmare. They tell you a time and it almost always comes later and then ends up driving me completely crazy. To my surprise and excitement, Ekta showed up 10 mins early. I loved them already.
After one bite of the goan shrimp curry, I immediately knew that Ekta was my new spot. First off the sauce was great. It had kick, but not too much and finished with the perfect hint of coconut. The shrimp were also cooked to perfection. Then, tried the butter chicken. The sauce was packed with flavor and hints of heat and the chicken was also cooked perfectly. I find that my biggest issue with Indian takeout  tends to be that the food can be over cooked but Ekta did great. Both the shrimp and the chicken were perfect and I was happy. Then, the garlic naan was the perfect platform to grab the rest of the sauce on my plate to enjoy. Yum. 
To sum it up, I will absolutely be ordering more Ekta before this incredibly cold winter is over. Delicious Indian takeout is perfection on a cold winter night!Ekta = orgasmically delicious, savory, heaven!
JUST TRY IT!!!  They deliver.   Everything I've ever eaten from Ekta has been good, but my favs are:
Paneer Tikka Masala =cheese cubes in an awesome tomato cream sauce
Onion Baji appetizer = delicious fried onion fritters
Malai Kafta = potatoe and nuts in a yummy ball, with a mild white sauce
Saag Paneer = cheese cubes in mildly spicy spinach sauce YUM
I'm moving out of Philadelphia and making a point to review all of my favorite treasures of this City before I go... and Ekta is hand's down, my FAVORITE restaurant in this city.   I too was a Tiffin fan but soon realized the bliss and amazingness of Ekta and hope you do too!Ok, here's the deal.  My husband works with a lot of Indian men who tell him that the Indian food he eats in America is not authentic and the real deal is in fact way spicier and packed with more flavor.  I think maybe Ekta might be a little closer to this assessment.  Unfortunately for me I am still learning to enjoying super spicy dishes and to be honest only delved into the world of Indian food within the last few years. I led a very sheltered food life as a child.   I don't consider myself a total spice wuss.  I eat jalapenos, Frank's Red Hot and I load most of my meals up with black pepper.  I am, however, not even close to a spiceaholic like so many of my (mostly dude) friends.  So I was kind of surprised, and not in a pleasant way, to find that even the saag paneer at Ekta set my mouth on fire.  
My husband and I ordered two dishes to share.  One, the Saag Paneer, the other the clearly marked as spicy with a little pepper next to it on the menu was the Kadai Paneer.  Man alive that Kadai was one of the spiciest things I have ever eaten and as I mentioned before my Saag was also spicy.  I powered through some of the food but when I tried to add some yogurt sauce to cool down the dish I realized it was sour, like in a rancid way.  Ugh.  I have to say that my husband thoroughly enjoyed his insanely spicy dinner, and our roommate loved the leftovers as well but I'm the one writing this review, they can get their own yelp accounts.  I'm the star. 
The naan was fine but Tiffin's is much, much better.  We got the garlic and you could barely tell it was garlic.  I don't get how spicy the entrees are in contrast to how light the garlic was.  Weird.  
After eating a much smaller amount than I usually shove into my face when Indian food is present I still experienced the very unfortunate Indian Food Coma.  Ugh.  At least when I eat at Tiffin or New Delhi it seems worth it.  From now on my Fishtown Indian take-out source will be Tiffin all the way.Ordered Chicken Tikka Masala for delivery.  The food was great. I also had Garlic Naan. I ate so much I can't move. My 2 year old grandson ate some with me and enjoyed it as much as I did. I would definitely order from there again in the future. I will also try some of their other dishes. Highly recommend for a delicious meal.Ekta is probably my favorite Indian spot in Philly.
I can't speak for the restaurant itself as we've only ever done take out, but I believe it is BYO so that's always a fun option.
Delicious naan.  The garlic kabob is a nice appetizer.  For the main courses we usually go with either Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, or the Chicken curry.  Pretty much everything I've had from here is good though.  
Only drawback is that it tends to be on the pricey side for the amount of food, but oh well, it's still good.I came here with some friends to celebrate my best man's wife's birthday a couple of weeks ago. The wait staff was a little pushy for my liking, but overall they didn't negatively impact the experience. I ordered the garlic naan and was disappointed with the serving size. I had the lamb vindaloo for my entree, which raised the eyebrows of the wait staff as it was one of the spiciest dishes on the meal. It certainly lived up to the billing. I think that the level of heat actually made the lamb taste better, as it covered up the gaminess of the meat and brought out the lamb's flavor. Prices are acceptable, and I would imagine you aren't going to find a much better Indian place in Fishtown, although there are better places in the city if you are willing to travel.My mouth demands Ekta on at least a monthly basis.  I agree with another reviewer that people unfamiliar with indian food try the chicken tikka masala first, veggies go with the mutter paneer (or anything with that cottage cheese). Overall there has been only one item on the menu I didn't enjoy immensely (the malai kafta dumplings were so-so).
Mainly, I'd recommend getting Ekta take-out/delivery.  The receipt of the food can take anywhere from a half-hour to over an hour, depending on how far you are and how busy they are. Be patient, they are busy!  They throw in a free dessert with delivery, which can be delicious rice pudding or unidentifiable fruit in milk.  Whatever, it's free.
From time to time I will go eat in the "restaurant," which is really just a kitchen with 2 tables.  But it is BYO, which is helpful because the kitchen staff are so busy cooking take-out orders that you are really their last concern, so don't expect quick service. If you're on a date and want a cute atmosphere go to Tiffin. 
But I prefer Ekta: it's cheap, it's delicious, I don't have to leave my apartment and I get a free dessert.  And there's always enough for lunch tomorrow...Have not ate here, waited for 5 mins plus and no one even came to see us after letting kitchen know we were present- mind you we had to inform them.If the business was close, they should have let us know. Waiting for that amount of time without anyone coming out to greet us is just bad customer service. We waited just to give them the benefit of the doubt. As we walked out n look at kitchen, staff were on cell phone..... Im even afraid to think how long the food will take.BYOB and delicious Indian food, score! Very pleasant atmosphere and decent service. Convenient location and always full which is a good sign that what you are eating is A. authentic-ish and B. Delish!!This has to be one of my favorite Indian restaurants. Their chicken tikka masala is absolutely amazing. I'm from central jersey which is the Indian capital of America so I know good Indian food. I am extremely picky and I'm very critical of Indian restaurants. This restaurant has quality and they are not over priced. Their tandoori chicken is also very flavorful and made properly as well. My only critique would be that they start doing online ordering. There is a ton of background noise when placing phone orders so I'm constantly repeating myself. I've also found that Indian restaurants have a tendency to start off great and eventually taper off into mediocre quality. I'm hoping this doesn't happen here.ordered 
- Ekta Dal
- Malai Kofta
- veggie somosa
- nan
- free rice pudding thing.
$32 + tip for delivery.
Verdict - the Malai Kofta was pretty incredible.  The cream sauce was delicious and neither too heavy nor too sweet.  The Ekta Dal was a nice contrast-tomato and onion w/ yellow lentil.  Really savory.  Veggie Samosa and nan good, too.
Promised delivery in 1 hr 15 min, delivered to old city location in 1 hr.
Overall, very impressive! Definitely order from them againEkta is an excellent choice for real Authentic Indian food in Philly. I always have an awsome experience at this place, and the people there are genuinely friendly. Everything on the menu is so tasty. I like how it doesn't try to be something it isn't. They just serve authentic Indian goose. Some of the best in town.Outstanding food, service, and prices!  The lamb vidaloo I had would strip the paint from your car and that's exactly how spicy I want it.  I will definitely go again!Best Indian Food in the city hands down (that I've found anyways). The food is spicy, authentic, and will satisfy any Indian food craving you may have. You'll crave your next visit before you even leave!
Large portions, usually enough for dinner and lunch the next day, for me. I usually get the Lamb Korma, Lamb Chettinad, or Chicken Tikka Masala. The lamb here is excellent; really tender. All have GREAT complex yet balanced flavors and are served with basmati rice. Each bite is a rollercoaster ride of richness, various spices, and heat. Order some onion naan to sop up the saucy goodness that you may have missed, it's fluffy warm and delicious. 
Also, get their mango lassi to cool down the palate; it's a mango, yogurt based drink. It's one of my favorite drinks, ever. Seriously, if you like mangoes, you'll love it!
They also deliver to a pretty wide area, so if you're feeling lazy, order in.This is the best Indian food I have ever had PLUS the service is amazing. I been eating here around 6 years, have tried multiple dishes and everyone has not disappointed. Anyone who comes to philly and asks for recommendation this is the place I always say to go to. Eat in, takeout, delivery -- dishes always are the same. It is great that it's BYO too!Or favorite Indian place by far. We always make a point to visit even after we moved away.I have to give this place 5 stars because the pricing and the taste!!! There is a language barrier with the waitress so make sure u research the food and everything first... The food comes out rather quickly The waitress is really a sweet heart though!! Make sure you try butter chicken if you don't like spicy like me!! This is the best I've had!! I don't ever try anything else but I'm sure everything is good!! Also try naan no matter what flavor and the mango rice smoothie was also delish!i'm a pretty big indian fan and have frequented many indian places in other cities. ekta's pretty good...i have been here twice and ordered samosa chat as an appetizer which i love. tandoori chicken was decent kinda dry. lamb rogan josh is great...curry lots of spices and like other rogan josh that i have eaten. i have also ordered chicken biryani which is basically a rice filled with spices but not in a curry consistency. i love this because you can basically eat this as a meal and choose whatever meat you want. they are usually pretty busy so delivery took more than an hour. although it's quite the wait still pretty worth it otherwise if you dine in they have about 10 tables inside.Ekta is expensive but is still one of the best Indian spots in Philly.The best tandoori chicken in Philadelphia!!! Whenever I'm in the mood for Indian food THIS IS MY SPOTI hate trying other indian restaurants now because I am always disappointed, I have had the best and that is Ekta! I have had lamb saagwala, chicken saagwala and chicken Tikka masala! Large portions so I always take some home and it has the perfect amount of spice.i crave ekta every day. EVERYDAY!!!!!! oh god its so good.I have heard a lot of great things about this place, so I was excited to try it.  It was SO disappointing... the food was over the top greasy & the rice was super dry.  The naan was dry & reheated, and (although it was still about 30 minutes before closing when we were finishing up) they acted as if we were there hours past closing... I will not waste my time or money again...Let me start this by saying that Indian food is one of my favorite cuisines. This food was SO SALTY I couldn't even eat it. I mean it honestly was some of the saltiest food I've ever eaten...certainly the saltiest Indian I've ever had. We had saag and a type of chickpea dish (not chana masala). WOW! With so many great Indian places around, I don't think I'll be back.Ekta gets 4 stars because from my experiences, this is the best, most authentic Indian food that Philly has to offer. It's a charming little place if you want to eat out. I only ate-in here once for lunch, but got take out several other times. I've only tried a few menu items, all delicious: 1) Chicken tikka marsala, 2) Saag Paneer, 3) Yellow dal, and 4) Naan.  Far above average. If you like Indian food and are in Philadelphia, Ekta is a must.Nom nom nom nom nom.... I love me some Indian food and this place is really great. The saag paneer was amazing, the chhola was spicy, the dal delicious, the mango chicken a fave with The Boy, and I ate up all the butter chicken in a hot minute. Bonus: they deliver! 
As always, price is an issue, but only because I want to EAT IT ALL so unless I'm at an Indian buffet, my pockets be empty.Got takeout for my first time tonight. It was all delicious. We tried the chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, and garlic naan. The meat was so tender and yummy. The prices may seem high, but I am full and still have half of my lamb korma leftover. The employees are all very nice. And I like how I can see the kitchen and where my food is being cooked.Ekta has some of the best Indian takeout that I've eaten anywhere in Philly.  I decided to give them a try one night to cure a serious Indian food craving.  I saw them come up on my UberEats app and thought they looked pretty good.  I ordered the Saag Aur Paneer (cheese cubes cooked in a creamy spinach sauce) and their Chicken Vindaloo.  The paneer was so delicious and the vindaloo was super spicy and hit the spot! I also had some of their naan and rice which was standard -- I will definitely need to order more naan next time because my one piece was not enough. I can't wait to try more items off their menu and with their reasonable prices, I have a feeling I'll be ordering here a lot!Only the third time i've had Indian food, and the first time in Philadelphia. It was great. I hear they're adding a dining room next door, but for now it's just 2 tables in front of the counter, the kitchen is directly behind. Compact, to say the least. Good prices, fast service. Fishtown is on it's way. I don't even know what i ate. i split it with my friend with a side of naan bread filled with cheese. It was more than enough for both of us and the bill was only like 13 bux with a drink. I'll definitely go back.I had recently taken the Dinner as take away with Veg preparation .( mix veg) it was OK and Little Oily and Rice was hard .
Taste and preparation can be improved furtherLove the mango chicken and the fact that its a BYOB. But, the service can suck at times...but I go there just for the food so it's not a deal breaker.still my favorite food in philly. i make everyone try it and they always love it. i have tried many things from the menu nothing is short of fantastic.Great indian take out - cheap and fresh.   I got a vegetarian dish, Malai Kofta, which was fantasic.  Just as good if not better than Tiffin.  There are just a couple of tables for eating in, so it's better to take out.  In the summer it was insufferably hot inside because of all the ovens; might be nice in winter, though.Money......Again.  Had the butter chicken and the tandoor chicken app.  I started to get really mad when I realized I was getting towards the end of the meal.  Best food ever.  I'm dreaming for an girlfriend who knows how to cook this kind of food!I am back to being somewhat of a fan of EKTA, they are in my opinion, the best delivery indian in the city.  The Navratna curry and saag paneer are definite creamy go-to comfort food.  The spice level always seemed spot on to me but my dining companion could not make it thru a dish of medium so stick to mild for more sensitive palates.I have tried most of the vegetarian options here and I have not tried anything yet that I didn't like. My only complaint is the price. I always get take-out, so I don't know what the service is like.It's Labor Day Weekend and my bf and I decided to stick around.  He is a HUGE fan of Indian food (we order it once every other week and make it at home) and we decided to explore the Indian restaurants east of the border.  We narrowed down our choices through Yelp reviews to Tiffin and Ekta.  Since Ekta beats out T on stars, we gave them a call, skeptical that they'll deliver.  The man who picked up was very calm and polite even though it sounded like there were a million people trying to order in person.  He asked me to hold and after taking 2 take-out orders, he asked me what I would like.  He was patient with me while I asked him some questions and settled on Kadai Chicken and Lamb Korma,  The garlic naan seems cheap at $2.75 but decided against it since reviewers said portions are very big.  He calmly told me delivery 4 miles away on the complete other side of the city would be 1 hour and 20 minutes.  Wow, this place better be damn good because I'm hungry right now!
A little over an hour passes and my phone rings.  I run downstairs, get my food and the curries are piping hot.  There's also what appears to be rice pudding (free dessert, yay!), mago chutney, real authentic red pepper hot sauce, and a big container of basmati rice.  Let me say, the lamb korma was on the buttery side but DELICIOUS.  There are chunks of broken cashews and raisins but just a hint of it so it's not annoying or overpowering.  There are lots of diced onions that were clearly sauteed in butter before the curry was made.  I'm not a big lamb fan but my boyfriend who's Greek really liked it.  The kadai chicken was damnnnn spicy.  There were tons of green and red bell peppers and onions in it and you could actually taste them (they're fresh!).  The ginger was not overpowering.  It was hard to eat though because it was so spicy!  
The rice is nothing special but that's the way I like it (I am not a big rice or bread person and enjoy a very large curry to rice ratio).  I don't like how the W. Philly joints use frozen peas and carrots and the rice is yellow and kinda sticky.  Ekta serves long-grain basmati rice, it's white when done and there is a touch of cinnamon to it and cardamom pods.  It's not greasy at all and it's not sticking together at all.
After I stuff my face, I open up the dessert and take a sip because it's watery.  YUM!  It tastes like almond milk!  Then I use a spoon to scoop up what looks like light brown vermicelli noodles on the bottom of this delicious concoction.  Overall, GREAT INDIAN FOOD.  Given how great the korma curry was, I'm going to try the tikka masala next and from the pictures people have posted, the samosas look awesome.  YAY!  Thank you Yelpers for helping me find this place!Have ordered delivery multiple times as it's quite far from my place. 
Prompt deliveries. Around 45mins - 1 hour within 2 mile radius.
Food is pretty good. Most dishes have appropriate spice level. 
Appetizers and entrees have  good portions. 
Rice that comes along the entrees is of cheap quality. Somehow they use different rice for entrees' sides and biryani as biryani rice is quite good. So biryani is a yes yes.
COSTLY. Just a couple of things and u might see the bill to be more than $25
Order when you in mood for fancy, closest to authentic Indian food.Most Indian restaurants in philly are awful but this place has finally gotten it right. Great food. Great prices. It's probably the best Indian restaurant I have tried in the philly area. 
I give them 4 stars for great food and service and I am taking away 1 star for the place itself which could use some renovations and modernization.After a long drive through Philadelphia, a meal at Ekta was just what we needed to end the day. Two of us are vegetarian, one is not - us veggies got Paneer Tikki Masala, a spicy savory red sauce with goat cheese curds, and Mutter Paneer, a slightly sweet and savory red sauce with goat cheese curds. Our other friend ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is the same as the Paneer TIkka Masala but with meat. We also ordered naan and garlic naan, both good.
These dishes were to die for - excellent, flavorful, and seasoned just right with enough spiciness. They also gave us generous portions of basmati rice, which is something not a lot of Indian restaurants do - usually they give you a small bowl and charge for extra.
This restaurant is not the cheapest, but for the quality of the food, very reasonable. It seemed like most people get take-out, so the dining room was very quiet and the server was very thorough and helpful. I would recommend this restaurant wholeheartedly - some of the best Indian food around.
Bottom line: excellent and authentic Indian food, generous portions, but definitely hide your valuables when parking. And always remember: Mind over matter; food over mind.The biryani was pretty meh, but the lamb chettinad and the aloo papri chat were simply amazing.
1 app, 2 mains, a biryani, and a couple mango lassis turned into $62, so this is a little more expensive than say Sahara. But it held its own, so I'm pleased. And the free dessert balls was a classy touch.
We love Sahara and Tiffin, and we'll be adding Ekta to the rotation now.My favorite Indian restaurant! We ordered the samosas, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, and saag paneer and all were so delicious! Portions are big so we had plenty left to take home and eat for second dinner a few hours later... :)Yummy yummy. The food here is always delicious. Naans hot, curries spicy and flavorful. The waitress was very sweet. The décor is clean, natural and minimal.Tiffin who?   Ekta has the creamiest, spiciest sauces and soft naan- it's as good as it gets. Friendly man who answered the phone even took our order on a Tuesday night a few minutes after 9:30, when they were technically closed.  
Butter chicken with rice served me three satisfying meals with a great punch of heat.  According to the menu "hot pepper" legend that identifies the spicy items, butter chicken does not even warrant a "Medium" single-pepper status, so watch out if you are hot-intolerant. 
Can't think of a witty way to say this, but if you like truly delicious Indian food, order takeout from Ekta.  You will not be disappointed. 
Mmmm, butter chicken. God bless Girard Avenue and their low-rent, utterly divine ethnic food.It is the best except there pricy and it keeps going up . They are taking advantage of it and soon they will loose more people,just like me its now out of my price limit. I will now find a new place to go unless i hit the lottery or someone treats me.So good! And the food is very original; they have a bunch of dishes I've never seen at other restaurants! The vegetarian selection is great. Also, it's a BYO, which makes everything better!O-M-G. I just had the Murg Malai Kabob. Wow. Seriously, one of the best things I have eaten, EVER.  Ekta. I am NEVER disappointed!!!!This place crushes tiffin. It's not even close. I have eaten at both restaurants numerous times and while tiffin has some good nights, Ekta is always more flavorful. I have yet to have an average meal at Ekta.This delivery thing is coming between us. Deliver to my neighborhood! Do it Ekta. Do it. I'll make it worth your while...by which I mean I'll order lots and lots of Indian food on the regs. By far Ekta makes my favorite Indian food in Philadelphia, to date. I would absolutely get down with you more, if you weren't over the hills and far away and me with lazy bones.
I'll tell you something. Some of the true loves of my vegetable-loving-life are Indian style vegetable preparations. You know a mediocre place when every vegetable dish tastes more than vaguely the same...like...the exact same masala on your chana as is on your dal...as is on your aloo gobi, you know? That rots. Weak sauce. At Ekta you won't have to worry your pretty little head about that nonsense. All my favorites are represented well. I'm talking about you, ol' gobi aloo, and saag, baingan bharta.... Looks like I just love to name-drop Indian dishes, apparently. They're all expertly cooked up, nice and extra extra spicy, as requested. Malai kofta is crazy cashewy good. I love those little veggie dumplings...
Also, as I do fancy as spicy vindaloo, I will note that Ekta's is a winner, lamb or chicken. Nice and hot and spiked with vinegar. Dig the super creamy tikka masala, too as well as the Kadai chicken (tomato-y sauce, fresh green chiles, mmm hot). The tandoor chicken is juicy. Straight up juicy. Lotsa of garlic naan plus any or all of the dishes I just mentioned makes for a very happy ole gal. 
Bring. It.A neighborhood favorite of mine.  If you're dining in remember it's a BYOB.  Our delivery experience has always been quick here.
The mango chicken is my personal favorite.  I requested mild resulting in a pleasantly mild and flavorful dish. 
We've tried about a quarter of the menu and enjoyed all items sans the pickles.  We have ventured out with the flavored Nans but prefer the traditional.The meal was fine. Had I not had better Indian food in Philly, it would have gotten 3 stars. Hubby and I shared Papdi chaat, lamb korma, and garlic naan. The chaat seemed unusually watery and lacked serious depth of flavor.  Lamb korma was good, though the lamb could have been softer. Naan was not crispy and garlic was undercooked. Friendly service. Idk, the food just seemed to kinda just ... Exist. The rice wasn't floral or anything, and was mushy.  I guess it's in a good location, and is better than Tiffin. But make the travel to the Northeast for tastier Indian food. Won't be back to Ekta.excellent food. i love it. i had the alu gobi and it was fantastic. no complaints whatsover- this is as good as it gets outside of india!Ekta is prob my favorite Indian restaurant, but Tiffin is a close 2nd; I've frequented both Fishtown & Bryn Mawr locations. Last night I got takeout for two ($44 cost sans tip). (This was one of 3 Indian meals this week, each of which included Vindaloo - my favorite Goan dish). So which is better - Ekta or Tiffin? Fishtown has both and provides a great locale for comparison (which isn't exactly what I did). We started our meal with their Aaloo Aur Papri Chat (once one of Philly Weekly's 50 Foods to Eat), which was nicely crunchy (even an hour after pickup) and wonderfully tasty. We had delicious Peshawari Naan (superior to Tiffin's and served with two chutneys - a mango & another that was crazy-fun-hot) with our two (2) mains. I quite enjoyed the flavorful Shrimp Tikka Masala, but my gal (who isn't a BIG eater) didn't go for seconds on that. I'm not a fan of the dull white bird, but we got Chicken Vindaloo because she isn't a big fan of lamb (admittedly, my favorite meat). We also shared the leftover Vindaloo from Tiffin, which we both found more flavorful than Ekta's and of which she had seconds AND took the leftover leftovers to work today; she WAS digging it, which was merited. Overall, though, our Ekta/Tiffin comparison proved inconclusive; we'll have to try again with different dishes.Decided to give them a try and bypass my usual favorite Indian restaurant (sorry) because Ekta is closer. Well I was not disappointed.  
I eat the same thing at every Indian restaurant, I judge them based on samosas, lamb rogan josh, the pickle, and galub jamun.
The pickle was too salty for my liking however I enjoyed the large portion.  The galub jamun was good however most places I visit give you 3-4 balls, I only received 2.  The samosas were a great texture and completely filled, no missing or air pockets. The lamb Rogan josh was lovely.  Large pieces of lamb, very tender, and not gamey or sinewy.  The rice was fragrant and aromatic.
Overall, this is my new go to place for take out.   I gave 4 out of 5 stars because the pickle and galub jamun.Yummm.  Best indian food in the city.  My favorites are the ekta kabob and chicken tika.  Delivery is slow but its worth the wait.  Love how its' BYOB.Excellent neighborhood Indian restaurant. We ate in their cozy clean dining room that had linen tablecloths and napkins. We had the Ekta Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Ekta Tandoori and for dessert the Gulab jamun. Everything was delicious. Service was quick and pleasant. And the price was very reasonable. Quality all around. Highly recommend!We had the Mild Chicken Tikka Masala, the Goan Shrimp Curry and the Saag Aur Paneer. All of them were good!Best Indian in town. Delivery takes a while (usually over an hour) but always worth the wait.Saw mouse scurrying across the dining room floor...dropped my flat-bread, grabbed my boyfriend's hand and ran out the door...only to see a huge gapping hole in the front of the building leading to the dining area. 
Wanted to visit after seeing so many great reviews, but will stick to King of Tandoor!I have really just discovered Indian food and I love it.  I've had the same dished from Tiffin and Ekta and I would say Ekta is slightly better.  Since I moved to Kenso, I've had Ekta once a week for 2 months.  There are some reviewer concerns about authenticity as far as spice level but what they dont realize is that this is America.  Americans won't frequent if you dont adjust your business model to your environment.  ie, lower spice levels.  Anyway, it tastes ridiculous to me and is now one of my favorites.Always enjoy the food at Ekta.  Just wish it was a little cheaper.  $15 for entrees is a bit much for Indian...It seems like there are two camps out there, one for Tiffin and one for Ekta.  Count me as firmly planted in the Ekta camp.
Before we discovered Ekta, we tried Tiffin several times.  Takeout Indian was a staple of our diet in our former homes and so we were desperate to find a Philly equivalent.  After hearing such great things about Tiffin, we were really excited to try it.  And we were really disappointed.  Over and over again.  No matter what we ordered, everything at Tiffin seemed too sweet somehow.  The food wasn't  bad necessarily, the flavor just wasn't what we were looking for.
Enter Ekta. 
I know my palate may not be super-geared toward authentic Indian food, but Ekta is what I want when I want some delicious Indian take-out.  The dishes have heat (not sweet), are chock-full of spices, and Ekta's menu has plenty of variety.  I have no idea what I was eating before I had Kadai Paneer, but I can say for certain that I was not truly enjoying Indian food.
A few commenters note the suspicious absence of proteins when ordering chicken tikka masala or lamb vindaloo or whatever... and I can see that.  Usually I know I can bet on about seven or eight pieces of meat per container, which I suppose is fair to say: not much.  But I feel like that's not necessarily a bad thing.  For the price, you kind of get what you pay for and -- like a lot of rice-based cuisines -- the sauce is there to stretch things out a bit.  I shouldn't order chicken tikka masala expecting the Indian equivalent of KFC portions.
As for the rest, I second the emotions of Walter K.'s friend: "I'm just way into the idea that I can eat bomb-ass Indian food without even leaving my house."  Since the closest Indian establishment to me is Ashoka Palace (with its whopping 1.5 star average...) the fact that Ekta will deliver to my center-city door from its Fishtown homebase is enough for me.  Bomb-ass indeed.Ekta's Chicken Tikka Masala is out of this world! ...burp...
Always fresh, consistently good, and fast delivery.Ekta is hands-down one of the best Indian restaurants on the east side of the Schuylkill.  And - as a total bonus - they deliver all the way to South Philadelphia from their Girard Avenue/Fishtown home.  Unbelievable - talk about customer service!
My personal favorite menu items (all veg, non-meat eater here)
* Dal Makhani
* Paneer Tikka Masala - spicy!
* Masaladar Chola
* Samosa Chat
* Saag Paneer
* all the naan is good, especially the garlic naan
and their pickles are divine - really salty and hearty, just like indian pickles should be.  Ekta is divine and a permanent favorite in my book.Indian delivery?  Yes please!
After recently discovering the joys of Indian food, my boyfriend has become obsessed with this place.  I think we've ordered from here at least once a week (yes, sometimes more) since we moved into the area.
Portions are substantial, as we split a single entrée to feed two-three people and our delivery has always been prompt.  Prices won't leave you crying and every time we order we get a surprise item (usually desert).
We have yet to try anything we haven't immediately loved.First time ordering from here. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. Tikka Masala sauce was on point. Tried the Kadai lamb it was different more tomato based without cream in case anyone was curious what it tasted like
It also came extra spicy and I love it. Also tried and appetizer Rasila Kabob, it was like grilled minced chicken it came with a couple different sauce. Really glad we tried this place and it offered delivery through ubereats.Food is decent, I prefer more authentic Indian chIcken wIth the bone in, they use boneless breast. However if you like Indian like I do this will do.Loved their Indian vegetable...
The dal makhani was okish...
The garlic naan was really soft even wen we ordered home delivery...
The delivery takes 50 mins or so...so u better order ahead..that cuts 1 star for me..since I can't wait that long wen I am hungry..
Also the spicy vegetable was also bit sweet..that cut 1 more star for me..other than that I would order it again..We ordered delivery from this location after having tried a few other Indian places in the city and were very pleasantly surprised. The food is very authentic (so says my Indian dining companion), well labeled and has the tiniest hint of spice in everything, including the non spicy menu items. Delivery was on time as well!There is one thing I know for certain, I ADORE Indian food.  So everyday around...oh...about 2-2:30 my brain begins to tell me "you there, guy that encases me!  Bring me Indian food and shove it in your mouth at a rapid pace!"  I must obey this brainy decree or face the wrath of what some might call "a mood".  That is where Ekta comes in.
Previously I had been satiating my Indian yearning brain with Tiffin food.  Tiffin is Excellent A+ numba 1 fare.  However so is Ekta, and at a cheaper price.  Both places hit just the right spot and deliver to my senses exactly what I expect of quality heat and spices one would expect from them.
I've only had one meal from them so far but know with certainty it will not be my last.  I ordered the chicken Tikka Massala; as if they don't get this right, chances are you don't want anything there.  It was DELICIOUS!!! though maybe a bit sparse on the Chicken.  I also got regular and Garlic Naan, both were very good and fulfilling.
There was however an issue with the order.  I had ordered for pickup over the phone, and was not asked for my name but just the order.  When I arrived my girlfriend went in to get the food as there is very little parking outside.  To my surprise she came back empty handed, which almost triggered the dreaded "mood".  I kept my cool though, I had her sit in the car in front of the fire hydrant where I parked and strolled on inside.  I calmly explained that I had made my order about an hour ago and they seemed to think that I must have been mistaken about what I had ordered.  They seemed certain that I had ordered 1 tika massala 3 samosas a goat dish and some other various things, which I definitely did not do.  After standing and deliberating about what had happened they decided to check the old orders that had been written down, and found mine.  They apologized profusely, saying that someone else must have taken my order by mistake.  I continued to keep my cool, even though my brain was mashing the "mood" button and demanding I become an irate crazy customer.  I said that it was ok, and that they could just remake the order and deliver it to me, too which they agreed and even sent some free rice pudding.
Over all I think it's silly not to take names when you take orders but the food was delicious and the issue corrected with compensation.  I'm a very pleased puppy!For an order of Veggie Samosa (2), a Garlic Naan, a Chicken Saag, and a Lamb Tikka Masala, my boyfriend and I are always surprised at the price tag. BUT we love the food. It's really tasty and despite being minorly upset about the pricing, we treat ourselves every month with Ekta. It's close to our Fishtown house and we love how nice the people are who work there.Love it and they deliver!!  The only Indian joint I would order from around.  Some dishes are a tad spicy, caveat emptor!!I have gotten delivery four times, twice in the past week and every time was very satisfied   The dishes all arrived warm.  The taste of the sauces is more home-made than other Indian restaurants in town and West Philly. The Goan shrimp is an unusual offering and fabulous.  My naan was also superior and the rice well-cooked.   The tandoori was temptingly moist.. The Indian restaurant in Fort Washington is the only one I've been to with superior quality but also more expensive.I will admit, I have not written a review in quite SOME time.....but it is the perfect time to rage about Ekta, briefly.
 Dear Ekta, 
                   Thank you for consistently great service and delicious food. Thanks for your awesome delivery man who makes your Indian taste-bud dreams come ALIVE. Thank you for sending me a birthday card .:)  Your food is delicious and our household loves you- dining in or out. From 3 roommates: vegan,vegetarian & a meat eater!Adventured to a new place for dinner-- Theres two sections to the restaurant.. take out and dine in. Was slightly confused when first coming in... then OMG finally good indian food in philly! atmosphere was uber lacking, and the service was second rate but oh boy oh boy oh boy the food was awesome-sauce! i got the ekta chicken special and weeeee! my taste buds were so happy i smiled for two days after. wee hoo!I am in complete shock that this place has four stars. Last night, we ordered from Ekta via  Uber Eats. We waited over two hours for the food to arrive. In fact it took over an hour and a half for the food to even be prepared. When it finally arrived, the tandoori shrimp was ice cold, tough, and 100% devoid of flavor. In fact I am perplexed about how they got it to be so flavorless. It's almost as if they were purposely trying to make it bland. Throwing piles of cold cole slaw (?!) and salad vegetables right on top of the shrimp definitely didn't help to keep it warm, either. It was extremely tough and difficult to chew through. In short, in was inedible. The cauliflower aloo, which I have eaten in hundreds of Indian restaurants and is always a delicately sauteed dry dish, was swimming in a bland sauce and had just a few pieces of cauliflower in it. The rest was plain potato. The garlic naan was soggy and tough. There were no typical condiment like pickles, raita, etc, or utensils in the bag (stingy!!!) When this place started out it was really good, Sadly, it appears to have gone completely downhill. $40 down the drain. Never again.So my wife and I eat Indian at least once a week....we just moved here and were looking for a good local spot - found one in Fishtown - not local but got good reviews so figured it was worth the trip.  We got there, not crowded at all, menu looked meh, but when the food came out...holy shit!  This is the best Indian food I've had yet!  Having traveled extensively throughout India and growing up with a childhood friend who is Indian, I've had my fair share of this food.  Ekta has the best Indian food I've had - BY FAR!  This restaurant alone makes living in Philadelphia worth it.  What's even better - they have a 4 MILE DELIVERY RADIUS!!!!!  You can get their food just about anywhere downtown.  Order tonight - you won't be disappointed.Tiffin vs. Ekta? EKTA ALL THE WAY! I tried Tiffin to be fair...but won't be ordering from them again any time soon.  Indian food is supposed to have SPICE and Tiffin forgot to add it into my food.  Ekta's seasoning is just right! TEAM EKTA!This place is fantastic!  You get good portions of incredibly tasty Indian food in a pretty quick manner.  I'm local in the neighborhood and have only done the take-out side of things, but I'm consistently impressed by the fast service and great quality food.  They have a sit-down dining room that looks consistently full.  I've not bothered to get stuff delivered, so I can't speak to that.
The samosas are always perfectly done and the naan fresh and chewy just like I like.
It is a bit pricey, but nothing outrageous.  If you're looking for really good takeout this is the place.Best Indian food I've ever had! The service is also great and delivery is very speedy even On busy nights.Ekta or Tiffin?
This review is coming from someone who has had Tiffin as their go-to Indian for delivery. After seeing Ekta as having the same amount of reviews as Tiffin with a little better rating, I decided to order it tonight instead of Tiffin.
Long story short, after ordering the same staples I love from Tiffin, I have decided I am still a tiffin fan.
What I ordered: Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer, and Goan Shrimp Curry
Chicken Tikka- Ekta has nice spicing while still having a creamy taste.However, i still prefer tiffin's chicken tikka. Creamier, and just more addictive IMO
Saag Paneer- Again i have to go with Tiffin. It seems like tiffin's spinach was not quite as mushy as Ekta. I will say i definitely had more spicing in Ekta than tiffin, although at one point was a bit too much since i bit into a whole cardamom pod and had to fish it out of my mouth.
In general, it seems they both have the same price point, both are as good with portions of rice and entrees, but i will say Tiffin gives memore chicken in my tikka masala and more cheese chunks in my Saag Paneer.
Ekta did give a desert witheach entree which i will say is a neat little surprise.
In conclusion: Ekta is a great choice for some good, authentic (from my perspective) indian fare. However, with Tiffin just around the corner and delivering in the same Areas as both Ekta locations. I would have to recommend Tiffin over Ekta.Seriously one of the BEST Indian restaurants there is, period. Extremely fresh, flavorful, and just beyond delicious. 
I always order the masalador cholay, paneer tikka masala and butter chicken. Words can't explain how satisfying this meal is!!!!!!!!!Awesome Indian food - I hear they deliver? Sweet!
Got two orders of samosas to start. They were delicious with a spiced potato filling and a selection of chutneys and sauces to accompany - tamarind, spicy green sauce, lime pickle, and mango chutney.
Palak Au Paneer, Kadai Paneer, and Chicken tikka Masala for the main course, with naan all around. All were surprisingly spicy (and I'm a fan of spicy! The palak was perhaps the most mild) but delicious. If you are sensitive to heat, make sure to order some raita or request little spice.
I would definitely get this again, but make sure I've got some raita to cool my palate!Good stuff. Every time there is traffic on 76, I get off at Fishtown to go to Ekta before heading back to West Philly. Somehow smelling the food from Ekta as I drive home locally makes everything magically copasetic.  
This is definitely one of the better places I've been to in Philly. 
When I usually go to Indian places, I stick to a few dishes that I know I will like. However at Ekta all the dishes I've tried were equally as tasty. I've never had a bland dish, and every dish that was supposed to be spicy was actually spicy:) I highly recommend their naan and samosas.They always complain to us not to order via caviar or grubhub so tonight we used their "brand new and improved" website. WHAT A JOKE. Our food took over 2 hours and when I called they hung up on me several times. Then picked up the phone, said nothing and continued taking orders from another phone. I asked where our food was and he had no idea. He told me next time only CALL to order and that they were slammed. They are always slammed. Perhaps they should stop taking orders if they can't actually fulfill them in time? Disappointing. 
I also heard from a neighbor that they had a massive pipe burst in the basement recently and continued to keep the restaurant running despite the flooding. Gross.I stopped in to get the tandoori chicken...the wait was fine, although the staff weren't talkative at all...so I spend the time waiting looking at PW.   Anyway, the chicken was subpar...and over-spiced.  You could still taste all the spices...they weren't blended in the yogurt sauce apparently.  My most favorite thing was the kheer that came along with the food.  It was sweet but not too sweet...in escence it was perfect!!  I will try this place again...with a different choice of meal.I think this is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city! Their chicken tikka masala is absolutely delicious, and the depth of flavor in every dish blows every other Indian restaurant out of the park. The chicken cubes are large but tender, which just perfects the dish in contrast to other chicken tikka masalas I've had that had dry, small pieces of chicken.
Do yourself a favor and get their garlic and onion naans so that you can savor every bit of the flavorful sauce, no matter which dish you get! The service is friendly and fast, and they are quick to refill your water and rice. The atmosphere is quaint and although the walls are a bit bare-bones, the delicious food makes up for all of it. 5 stars! My mouth is salivating as I am recalling my experiences here.Love this place.  Sure, there isn't much competition for delicious Indian food in Fishtown.  But this spot beats my previous favorite Indian takeout in the region, Taste of India out near the KoP mall.
I tend to order veggie when I get Indian because there so many good indian veg options.  My personal favorite is the Paneer Mangoli.  It's more sweet than spicy, a bit divergent from the rest of the menu.  The Kadai Paneer is also excellent, but don't take the little pepper graphics on the menu lightly.  This food is spicy.
My roommates get the usual Chicken Tikka Masala or Lamb Vindaloo and also rate those very highly.
Ekta loses a star because it is just too darn expensive to be a regular to-go spot for me.  Yeah I know, Indian is always expensive, and I usually get 2 meals out of an order, but the sticker shock on a $20 to-go meal is tough.To be short and specific - the restaurant does not look good, none of the waiters was Indian but still no one understood a word in English.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken were really good, but everything else was not.  Please don't order Chai tea, it smelled bad and after one sip we decided not to drink.
We will not come back to this place.Excellent food. I ordered the paneer tikka masala and the kadhai chicken and they were both spot on. Best meal I've had in Philadelphia so far!Everything was so delicious! This is my favorite Indian food in Philly. We had the onion fritters, saag paneer, malai kofta and eggplant dish. It was all out of this world. The restaurant was packed but we still got our food pretty quickly and the service was excellent. Definitely worth a trip to Fishtown.Ekta, we almost walked by you because we saw you from across the street and thought you were a carryout-only joint. We were wrong.
Your food was very tasty, once the order came out right. The deduction here comes because of a somewhat awkward encounter w/ the waiter after my non-meat-eating girlfriend was brought a chicken tikka masala dish instead of the paneer. It took a few minutes of awkward exchange before the mistake was realized and eventually corrected.
Once the correct order came out, we were both pleased w/ the food (the Kadai Chicken effectively cleared my sinuses).
Overall, a good meal, just took a while to get there.First things first- let me stress I have the intestinal fortitude of a new born. I do as well with real spicy food as an irishman would do sunbathing w/ no spf. So true ethnic Indian food and their devil spices  r lost on me. I tried it once w/ some Indian friends in college and my bathroom would not talk to me for 4 monthes. That saying I love Tiffin..blah blah I don't care if it's not true Indian food .. whatever.. it makes my taste buds happy so shove it. 
 Recently, though I have been feeling a bit frisky so I decide to try the wares of the other Indian game in town - Ekta. Once again I stuck to the less spicier dishes like butter chicken, lamb saagwala and chicken masala. Ba ba bangin! Ekta's dishes r full of flavor and have large chunks of meat which sometimes Tiffin seems to be lackin. And because they give u a quarter ton of rice when u place 2 orders or more, I even have left overs.  I have had better naan, but it's ok they r super fast and they r about a buck cheaper than Tiffin on most dishes. Tiffin u better treat this boy better otherwise I might be seeking comfort in the warm and flavorful embrace of Ekta on these lonely summer nights.My wife and I order from Ekta on a bi-weekly basis.  I love the complex composition of spices in the curries.  I enjoy the Kadai Chicken, Chicken Vindaloo, Malai Kofta, Paneer Tikka Masala, Veg Samosas and Peshwari Naan.
The prices, while not as cheap as they used to be, are on-par with other Indian restaurants in the area, and the amount of food provided usually lasts me for two meals.
Delivery is usually quick and friendly.  I've never been to the actual restaurant and probably won't unless they expand the purportedly small seating area.
Some minor complaints: 
- Some of the curries are a tad onion-y.  Bumping up the spice level compensates for this, but at the default level, it's a bit much.  
- Naan cooking is inconsistent -- almost burnt once, uncooked another.
- Chicken is sometimes a bit dry.
- Some people recommended the Samosa Chat.  I would avoid this if you're doing takeout.  The one time we ordered it, the sauces had permeated the samosas and the whole dish was soggy.  Maybe ask for sauces on the side?
Overall, my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly.Among the best Indian I've had in Philly.  The fact that Ekta is BYO is also a plus.  There are a bunch of great places nearby to grab quality beer.  Bottle bar east is a five minute walk.
A friend and I ate here about a week and split the lamb malai methi, and the chicken saagwala.  The meal started off with complimentary papadums and sauces; always a plus.  The lamb was cooked to perfection and the sauce had a bit of a kick to it but was really savory.  The chicken wasn't dry like most other saagwala dishes I've had.  Overall a good meal.  Why I don't give it five stars; slowish/impersonal service, and awkward atmosphere.  We were in the back with four other tables close-by and there was no music or other background noise generator.  Great meal overall though.Simply amazing, especially considering it had quite a long journey from Fishtown to Center City.  The rice didn't travel well - it was pretty mushy by the time we got it, but everything else was delicious.
Recommendations:  Paneer Tikka Masala, veggie samosas and naan (of course)  My boyfriend had the Lamb Vindaloo, which he also loved.  The leftovers also made for a delicious lunch today so bonus points for that.  
It took about an hour for delivery on a rainy weeknight, but definitely worth it.  One other point to note: everything in the bag was labeled which means no guessing whose is whose.  Customer service was great, it arrived on time and it was delicious.  What more can you ask for?I'm a big fan of Indian food and this is as good as it gets. I've been going there since it opened when there were only two tables and I have never been disappointed. There are other good Indian places but this is always the best .Did I forget  to mention the price is right too!!!I am giving a bad review, not because of the food - what we could eat was great - but because of the poor service. We ordered at about 8:50 p.m. on a Friday night. Pushing it, I know, but we were going through a sad pile of menus and Grubhub reviews for a long time,  wondering where we could find good food to feed 2 vegetarians. That wasn't pizza or oily, salty, flavorless Chinese (Rich City and Golden Empress, I am looking at YOU). 
We ordered the Gulistani (vegetable) kabob appetizer, rosemary naan, paneer tikka masala, and EKTA vegetables. 
Our order arrived an hour later. We didn't receive the Gulistani kabob at all and instead of the EKTA vegetables we (again, vegetarians) received EKTA Lamb. When we called about the mix-up, we impressed upon them that there was a dish we couldn't eat because we were vegetarian. I.E. someone wasn't getting dinner. They said there was nothing they could do - they were closed. Which is fine. But we paid cash, so they couldn't credit a card. The least they should have done was send the driver back with cash to reimburse us. Instead, we were informed they would "get us next time".  
What do you mean "next time"? You screwed up our order, effectively shorted us a meal, didn't take our phone number when we called,wouldn't offer to have the driver come back to reimburse us, and we are supposed to trust that you will "get us next time"?This is a very good restaurant. We keep coming back although we live in South Philadelphia now. My wife and I love their paneer dishes. Their tandoori dishes are outstanding. You can tell they make everything fresh because you can ask to get spices in or out of a dish. This place is great for takeout and for casual dining.Honestly, my favorite Indian food in America, let alone Philly. The standard to which I hold other Indian restaurants to. If you love spices, they won't disappoint. I like how it feels like you're eating in someone's dining room. Such an eccentric place, with amazing food.
(Possibly a bit inconsistent, though. The first time I went and asked for "really spicy curry," it was really satisfying. Second time around, it was still well-spiced, though not to the extent from the first time.)
OK, the service can get a little awkward, but it doesn't deter from the delicious food. For instance, we brought a bottle of wine (yup, it's a BYOB) and the waiter gave us the wine glasses and a corkscrew, and left us to open up our wine and self-serve it. Not a big deal, but it was a waiter's corkscrew, which we're not used to using, so we struggled with that a bit.
I highly recommend the Aloo Aur Papri Chat, a cold appetizer that works well to whet the appetite. it's crunchy and runny with raita and has just a hint of spice. The entrees came out relatively quickly (though we were the only ones in there at the time...). We've had Ekta vegetable curry, Ekta shrimp curry, chicken vindaloo, and lamb vindaloo. All delicious, and all uniquely flavored. You also get complementary papad when you sit down, always a bonus. And the curries come with rice (for two people, we got one bowl's worth of rice, so you may want to order more rice or nan if you want more starch in your meal).
We always sit next to the window, and there are always people walking by, looking at the place, considering coming in, but walking away. If you want Indian food, this is the place to be! Seriously, I'm giving it five stars on the flavor alone.The food here is amazing for the price. We ordered the Bangin Barta and Tandoor chicken and both were excellent. For such a small place, I was surprised at how many items they had on their menu. The best part is that they give you free pickles and rice desert with your order.The only drawback, eg the 4 stars, is the seating situation. There's is only one table so take out is pretty much the only option, but it's still worth the drive to fishtown. They definitely do brisk business and package everything really well in tuperware that you can reuse.  This is the best indian food I have had since moving from San Francisco.HOLY COW!
I just had the saag paneer.  Like literally just licked the container clean, that is how much I needed to write about this RIGHT AWAY.  
Now, I love saag paneer.  Or I thought I did.  But now that I have had Ekta's, I realize that I had never had it before!  Because all the saag paneer I have had in my life has never been as aromatic, as flavorful, as delicious as the one I just had.  Amazing.  It makes everything else pale in comparison.
And lucky me, I have some baingan bharta for tomorrow's lunch.  I have a good feeling about it.