We went to this restaurant after running in the Philadelphia marathon.  We had a large group (12) with us including kids (ages 10-14), parents and grandparents.   The place is very clean and looks fairly new or at least newly decorated.  The service was excellent and friendly.  The food was very good for the parents but everything was on the spicy side which was not so great for the kids and grandparents.  The lighting was very dim which was an issue for the grandparents reading the menu.  
The Veggie wings were great as were the cactus and sweet potato burritos.   The guacamole was very good although the spicy chips were a little too much.
They offer pitchers of margaritas which was great for our large group.I loves me some seitan, and that's why I keep going to El Camino. The seitan wings & seitan nachos are so good! Unfortunately, the service is not. It can be extremely slow. On one occasion it took them so long to get my seitan nachos out to me that they had to give them to me on the house. All of my friends were done eating and ready to leave and I was JUST getting my food! 
As for the rest of the food at El Camino, the only other thing I've tried would be the fried pickles. I have to say, I was not impressed. I love both pickles and fried things but these were not good. The coating was too grainy and I just didn't like the taste. 
The seitan is so good that it keeps me coming back. And the margaritas are pretty good too.At first I thought the prices here were pretty decent, but then I realized that they charge for every add on- chips/salsa, rice and beans, etc. I would be fine with this if the food was exceptional, but it is subpar. Both times I've been here, my side order of rice has been hard and dry, and burritos sad and limp. Additionally, the waitress we've had the two times going there had a horrible attitude. The only thing that saves this place is the guac, and the strong margaritas. Their strategy must be to get people drunk enough to not care about what they're eating and the rude service.Hands down the best veggie wings I've had anywhere. Seriously. I can never stop thinking about them. Their fried pickles are also great, though I've found their drinks to be a bit weak. I'll stick to a Mexican coke whenever I'm here.All you can drink brunch? Yes please!
Sat and Sun they got brunch item and unlimited bloody marys or mimosas for $20. Perfect for some Sunday Funday. Enjoy!We live in the neighborhood and have eaten here many times. I feel as if this restaurant is going downhill. This time we were there for dinner early on a Sunday. The bathrooms were filthy. There are 2 and one was not usable due to all of the paper towels that had been put into the toilet (there was no toilet paper). The other one was usable but also no toilet paper. Our server, Ashley, was not interested in providing any semblance of customer service...RUDE! We had a simple question about the beers on special and she became quite defensive. My daughter spilled her drink, which I realize is a pain in the ass for the restaurant and server (although we were outside so it wasn't that big a deal). We apologized profusely but she didn't even try to hide her annoyance. Finally, the chicken quesadilla should have been labeled the gristle quesadilla....more fat than actual meat...yuck. We love the proximity of this place to where we live and it was great in the past but not anymore...will likely not return...not with so many better quality restaurants in Northern Liberties and Fishtown.This is our go to spot for happy hour.  Half price margarita pitchers and great food. I love their smoked wings, texas style chili, steak tacos, and turkey BLT.  Actually i've never had a bad meal here.  When in doubt we go to el camino and always end up having a great meal and wondeful time.So the atmosphere was awesome for this second visit. The service was great again, had a male waiter this time and he was very good. Came and refilled out chips once, cleared plates in good time as we were done, and just overall really nice. Again, didn't feel rushed at all which was prefect because we were watching the phillies game so stayed awhile after our meal. One dissapointing part though.. the smore bread pudding i was so excited for, completely not what i was expecting. It was basically two less dense chocolate brownies with a graham cracker sitting on top and marshmallow ice cream. Of course it tasted good but I wouldn've thought it would be a bread pudding with a graham cracker crust or something, not just a graham cracker thrown on top. So that's my only negative part about this place. 
Fried pickle chips, delicious! Make sure you let them cool, they taste so much better when they're not burning hot.This is where I head when I get that Texas BBQ itch. The brisket sandwiches are delicious, when cooked properly, and the sangria had me feeling nice. 
The atmosphere is relaxed. Nice bar seating.I wish I could go back and time and not eat here. We waited 50 minutes for cold chips and salsa, they were stale and they didn't even have picode Gallo. They charge for them!
The burrito was cold, and when I asked they said they plate was suppose to be cold. Really? Cold rice and beans too? 
The margarita was the only good thing and the 80's music.I love it here! Great pork shoulder, perfect "Mex Cobb salad", the cracky is smoked brisket with baked beans and cheddar cheese sauce! So good! I prefer the "Tex" opotions but "Mex" are pretty good. Food can be a little inconsistent though.First, I'd give this place another star if I weren't suspicious of my scarf being taken from there after I, through my own accord, left it there one night but it was nowhere to be found when I returned in person 10 hours later to ask about it. 
They claim to serve Mexican and Texas food, on a somewhat authentic basis. This is not true. I've never seen plantains on a taco in a Mexican restaurant in Texas. Also, Texas barbecue is largely smoked brisket served sans bacon in a sandwich. Or taco. Simply having Texas toast and Tequila (albeit a fabulous selection) does not make you an authentic Texas or Mexican food establishment. And plantains certainly don't. 
Plus, their customer service hasn't been good after going there three separate times. Each time and shift, the manager has been dismissive and the waiter or waitress has been over-worked. Which is why I wasn't too upset that after 20 minutes of having no ice tea refilled, I wasn't upset when I got attitude from my waitress when I finally saw her to ask. She looks at me and says, "I was going this way to get his water ('he' didn't ask her a question, 'I' did) and I'm going the other way to get you tea."
Ok dear, well maybe if you'd checked on us previously you wouldn't be so upset, now would you? 
But above all of this, plantains, though good, are never on a chicken taco and then passed off as "Mexican" food. They're good tacos. And that's ok. But poor service is not.We ordered delivery because I'm sick at home. For $12 carnitas that was supposed to come with cilantro, onion and salsa, non of these was included. they came with only a little bit of meat in two taco shells and tasted unseasoned. My pork shoulder was very chewy and was supposed to come with pickles but didn't.  The beans, potato salad, and coleslaw were all filled less than half way. Only good things are the toasts. We will not order from this place ever again.This was my second time coming here. The first time was before I got into yelp so I can't really go into too much detail about that experience. I do remember enjoying it and the margaritas. Anyways, I came here recently on a Thursday night with a group of work people. We had a few issues making reservations. When we called we told them we are a party of about 10 and she said that she would have to double check and get back to us, which she never did. We called back and she said that she would have to check with the General Manager because they have quizzo on Thursday nights. We finally got reservations squared away though! And we got seated at two separate tables next to each other. 
My steak tacos were good, nothing special. The margaritas though... I enjoyed all 4 of them! For dessert I shared some dessert nachos those were pretty tasty. 
If you are going here with a large group definitely make reservations and they may need to split you up.I absolutely love this place! I go there about 5 times a month and ate almost everything on the menu at least once. My favorite is the B-nice cheesesteak (I get the wrap). My favorite part about this place is that they offer all their sandwiches as wraps. I wish they would offer wheat wraps but i'm just getting a little picky.  Their smoked wings, ribs, and quesadillas, burgers and fries are all awesome. Margarita pitchers are strong and fairly priced during happy hour. Everything I order here is amazing.As a place super close to the Piazza, it doesn't strike you as a busy place with amazing food. This place has great service, with the bartenders and servers always extremely helpful and personable. The place is even packed on week nights.The food is great and so are the strawberry mojitos my favorite but , the service suck. My waiter took forever to come to check on us. We waited to get our check 20 minutes.This place is seriously hit or miss. The last time I was there the bbq was really under-par, the ribs were really tough, the sausage was mediocre at best, and the potatoe salad was just plain gross. Thankfully - that's what was on my boyfriend's plate, not mine. 
The enchiladas on the other hand were amazing as always. I wish I could buy the enchilada sauce so I could put it on everything, plus the fried egg on top (which I first thought was a very odd addition) is cooked to perfection with a beautifully running yoke. Although I still think it's a little annoying that if you order them with a meat it comes on the plate almost like a side, the dish is still my favorite.
Plus the happy hour is pretty on point - half off on margarita pitchers that aren't scrimping on the booze, sounds good to me.Had three things here, they were all excellent. The buffalo chicken cheesteak, the veggie wings and the margaritas.
Definitely going there again.They would have gotten 5 stars if it weren't for the margaritas
Seriously this place is BOMB.
I've been here a few times now and tried a bunch of different things. A MUST GET is the Veggie Wings appetizer. I'm not a vegetarian, but SHIT these things will rock your world. It's seitan and it's just a little crispy, awesome wing sauce and your choice of blue cheese or ranch.
The pickle chips (fried pickles) -- awesome as well! They come with this spicy mayo dipping sauce. And they're so so worth it. 
The menu is split up into texas-style and mexican-style. I've had stuff from both sides. Pretty much can't go wrong.
The tacos were delicious. I had the carnitas (YUM), my friend had the vegetarian cactus and sweet potato (she said they were amazing).
The service is awesome. They're friendly and fast without being pushy. Great people watching.
The only bad thing are the margaritas. Not sure what it is about them, but not my favorite. But definitely not a deal breaker, next time I'll just get a beer!!I don't know if its just me but I feel like El Camino's quality went down a lot. 
Don't get me wrong, if you're looking for a fun place, this is it with a vast variety of drinks this is it.  Food is decent too but nothing out of the norm.  Most of the times I've come here and ordered the same thing, it wasn't consistent or maybe I remembered it to be different?  
My favorite things to order here is the vegan wings, and even though I am a meat eater, they are pretty good.  Also, their desserts are usually on point, more so than their entrees.  They had a smores bread pudding that was to die for that they removed from their menu.
If i want drinks I stop on in here from time to time but if I want food, I walk down the street to Dos Segundos that always delivers. The only bonus I like is outdoor seating area where you can hang out with your friend and people watch.Awesome margaritas and food is good but the rudest servers ever! One literally tried to use non-verbal gestures for me to move (May I add he was coming from behind me) and then stared me down walking away. Gabby our server was nice, polite and made it better. I'm wondering though in the interview process if they only go for dirty hipsters?I went to El Camino Real for a surprise birthday party for my cousin-in-law. A few of us went early to eat dinner before the guest of honor arrived. I was feeling kind of sick that day, so I opted for a chicken taco salad (which I judged to be a mild and non-offensive menu choice). I was shocked at how delicious a taco salad could be. I could have drank the cumin vingarette out of a glass. I was also instantly jealous, and began feeling better, when I saw what some of the other folks I was with ordered to eat. One person got the brisket and another got the pulled pork sandwich, and the aromas that were entering my nose were soothing and enticing. 
Bottom line: I'd like to go back and be more adventurous with my meal choice.Ordered food came super fast! But when we ordered dessert that's when it took 20 mins.  When the dessert came to the table my gf asks me is this supposed to have tomatoes I say no. She is about to eat her second bite and I tell her to stop. I find a piece of paper inside the bread pudding.  I ask for the manager and he comes over I inform him of these extra items. He offers me another bread pudding.... I decline. The waitress offered to refund my money for the dessert...I went to El Camino on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. When I got there we had to wait for a table so me and my date grabbed drinks from the bar. We ordered a pitcher of margarita. The bartender came back to check on us and she couldn't hear me and flipped her head to the side and her hair landed in the pitcher. She said she was going to make another one. She pretended to throw out the liquid in the pitcher and make another one . Instead she walked over to the other bar and just added ice to the pitcher her hair landed in .That was strike one of the afternoon. Then when we were finally seated I ordered the pancho nachos with chicken. They brought it out without the chicken. I tell the waiter. Instead of bring out a fresh nacho they bring out the chicken in a bowl. Service is poor and the quality of goods is not great either. I used to like coming here but know I most likely won't be back again as the standards in customer service and quality of food and drinks has significantly decreased.half-price margarita pitchers on tuesday. i'm so there. the mahi mahi taco is calling my name.I love this place...the veggie buffalo wings are the best and the margaritas are on point!!!!!El Camino is an awesome bar but not as good as a restaurant.  The food is average, but the great, affordable drinks more than make up for it.  They have an awesome late night happy hour and the $1/person never-ending chips is great for munching and drinking.  As far as Mexican food goes, you can get much better elsewhere in Philly and as far as BBQ food goes, you can also get much better, but neither are horrible here.  My favorite here is the Big Ass Burger.  Salud!I've been a handful of times and it's always been excellent. I'm not even close to a vegetarian and I LOVE the veggie wings. They're absolutely incredible. The portions are large. Be prepared to have leftovers. The brisket and pulled pork are also both great.
They're also very conscious for the veggie/vegan crowd. I went with a vegan friend that ordered a cactus wrap with no creme sauce on it. They accidentally put some creme sauce on it, which he promptly pointed out before taking a bite. Not only was the replacement out almost immediately, but he didn't pay for a single thing that he ordered. Mistakes happen, what sets a great place apart from a crappy one is how they're handled.Me and my boyfriend love it here! We went 3 quizzo nights in a row. The gentlemen who hosts quizzo is hilarious and makes it very enjoyable. There are good drink specials that go on regularly, and they're refillable chips and salsa are seasoned nicely and very addicting. The air vents (in the back quizzo dining area at least) are very strong and make it a little difficult to find a spot to sit where they aren't blowing directly down on you. Love the ambiance, love the laid-back but still attentive attitude of the workers. Just moved to Cali and will miss this little gem of a spot! Y'all should go!Last night was a total bust at El Camino. To preface, I also work at a loud and busy restaurant / bar and understand how management, the kitchen and a restaurant operates. I frequent El Camino for the pitchers and the pig wings which are unreal but last night was really sub par. The waitress told us she hasn't worked in a while and didn't know the draft beers which was weird, and she seemed as though she was either having a bad night or was just super rude. 
I ordered the nachos with Refried beans and brisket and they were absolutely inedible. They came out piled high, sans beans, covered in all fatty pieces of brisket and topped with a bag of lettuce. The cheese was tasted like a liquid version of mayo. Let's just say they were bad. So, when she finally came around 16 minutes later, I apologized and told her they were really gross. Unfortunately, she acted as though I personally offended her and was passive aggressive and super rude the rest of the night. I ordered wings and she didn't once speak to us again. Hopefully she was having a bad night because otherwise, I couldn't come back based on how we were treated.Good service, good margaritas. I wasn't impressed with the food. The fried pickles were greasy and soggy. The shrimp nachos were soggy from too much crema. I heard the veggie wings are good so maybe I will have to give their food another chance.After a blissful evening of consuming far to much alcohol, the duo decided that brunch was the only cure ... We had previously stopped into El Camino for a couple of cocktails and noticed the fine menu, so for sure it was the right choice.
It appeared to be a slow day -- but it was before noon, so we can not judge. It took a bit of effort but we narrowed our choices down to the Huevos Rancheros and the Fried Chicken and Biscuits.
As for the Huevos ... a heaping pile of meat and beans and cheese all snugly in a sizzling skillet. It may have actually been too much to handle as we sadly left more than half in the skillet ...That being said, we would have loved to have finished it as the flavors and textures were right on.
Fried Chicken and Biscuits with Sausage Gravy ... what do we picture? A couple nice and crispy strips of chicken two fluffy cratered biscuits under a blanket of sausage gravy ... the key to this picture would be the inability to actually see the biscuits under the blanket of gravy.... not the case.
If their is one single breakfast item which I crave, it's biscuits and gravy. I do not feel as if I should ever have to ask for more gravy ... the essence of the dish is excess. I don't care how moist you think your biscuits are ... give-me-more-GRAVY!
It killed it for me ... the better half enjoyed her huevos ... and I enjoyed the chicken .... but I pray for a line cook with a heavier hand next time.
We will return ... but cautiously.The food is okay sometimes. The Mexican style food isn't that good but the BBQ stuff here is actually pretty decent. Two stars because one of the people in our party sucked up a fake eyelash in her straw from the water she was served in and was only given a free drink as a sorry. Thought she would've deserved something a little better considering how disgusting it would be to suck up a big fake eyelash... will not be going back here.First off. This rating is for service and not the food. I have to stress that first. That being said I can't begin to say how disappointed I am in the service (or lack there of) I received tonight. I actually frequent this restaurant and have for years. Tonight I attempted to bring 7 of my friends along to enjoy dinner here for a birthday celebration. When we arrived we asked what the wait time would be. The hostess who was very nice told us 20-25 minutes for indoor or we could be seated immediately outdoor. The 8 of us were talking and another woman arrived at the hostess station and told her it would not be 25 min but 45 to an hour. So we asked to be seated outside. The hostess explained that if we chose to eat outside if it rained there would be no guarantee we could be moved indoors. We agreed and that was fine. The hostess then mentioned to the other young lady (who I would later find out was named laney) that we chose outside and she was worried about the rain. Laney told her "well that isn't our problem". During the time that I was speaking to the hostess the other young woman kept repeating what the hostess was telling me. I'm an adult and I can hear plenty well so I knew what she was saying the first time and didn't need a third party repeating it. 
While the hostess sat the rest of my party I stuck around to ask the young lady if there was a problem or if we had done something to annoy or offend her. She simply stated she wasn't referring to us she was talking about something else. Ok. 
After the hostess sat us, no one ever arrived to take our order. No one even brought us water or asked if we wanted a drink. Nothing. To be so worried about us possibly eating in the rain, yet no one cared to try to get our order in a timely manner.  
After waiting with no sign of service what so ever, I picked all of our menus up and returned them to the hostess. I have never been so disappointed in the service I've received here. It's one of my favorite places to eat but tonight it left a bad taste in my mouth.Before I moved to NL I used to come here pretty often, maybe every other week.  My husband and I just moved right around the corner and I knew that living that close would be dangerous. Yep, I am now down to once a week.  The veggie wings, and fried pickle chips are AMAZINGLY addicting.  My husband always tries something new and is pretty satisfied but I stick to those two every time. 
I also want to mention that they don't really have anything for kids. If your looking to go with your children.  They have (several times) worked with me on a plain grilled chicken for my 3 year old but other than the celery and carrots and unlimited chips, there's not much of a selection.  I will usually give her food before we go and have her snack on the chips when we sit in. 
I'm ordering out for a girls night tomorrow night and thought I quickly write my review on how much I love this place.
Super Fan!Long wait time for outside seating. Food was OK. WAY TOO SPICY. Not able to enjoy due to food being way to spicy. 
Waitress too busy. Very friendly but way too busy.Whiskey lemonade, veggie wings, and nachos are my favorites here. The service here is great, the prices are a little higher than I enjoy but on par with the area.
In my experience this place is the kind that does not try to rush you out. Myself and a few friends ended up hanging out for hours eating appetizers and drinking a couple rainy sundays ago.
 I need to to try el camino's brunch.Really cool spot in Northern Liberties. Weather was gorgeous that night but it was a half hour wait to sit outside when we got there at 7:15ish.  Inside was still nice and atmosphere was good. Service was great even though it was busy.  We got the chips and salsa & salsa Verde.  It was pretty good and at a dollar per person for unlimited, that was great! We opted to also get the guac which was so good.  For dinner I got Mexican food.  The fried calamari tacos were very delicious! My hubby took a bite and agreed. He chose from the BBQ section and got the BBQ mixer where you select the 3 meats you want. Everything was great but we loved the brisket..moist & tender! The sides he got were also good.. potato salad was unique, but despite his big appetite, with his main dish which came with Texas toast, he ate only half of the sides.  The drinks were also very good! Great drink menu and tequila flights available. Would definitely come again and even try their brunch!Honestly the music was way too loud. Normally I wouldn't care, but I went with my girlfriends grandparents and they were miserable. Not a good place to have a conversation. Food was really good though.Three words:
NOM
NOM
NOM
What a completely sublime experience that did not, I repeat, did not break the bank. I fed myself and three other people for under $40.  And they were fed with some of the best food I have had in the city.  The brisket drew oohs and ahhs from all party members at the table while we were treated to some ginormous texas toast and delicious taco salad.  
The service was top notch with water, chips and food being delivered very professionally and succinctly.  Well done!  
This will seriously go into the rotation of great places for us to eat nearby.We love this place! The food is awesome and the service is excellent - the staff is very friendly and helpful even on busy Friday nights. It can be a bit crowded with above average noise then, but that has never bothered us. So maybe don't go with a large crowd or on a first date on the weekend. 
Among the things we have tried and *loved*: the $1(!) endless nachos, guacamole, grilled Mexican corn (great blend of flavors), cactus & sweet potato burritos (wow!), chicken fried seitan (love the sweet, tangy bbq sauce), brisket sandwich and the "big ass" burger." I was iffy about the veggie hot wings (too sour for me), but my husband really liked them. So give this place a try.I myself am not a user of cannibis, but if you are prone to wild fits of the munchies, this is the place for you. The place is very open and lively and the drinks are nice and strong. Good, fast service. 
Should you come here, you need to eat the Chronic, a mass of pulled pork, macaroni and cheese, bacon, and bread crumbs, spilling obscenely out of a roll. I thoroughly enjoyed this mess of a sandwich and give El Camino Real 4 stars on the Chronic's glory alone.SO...My friends and i went to this really nice bar and we had the time of our lives... we had these great margaritas that our wonderful bartender made. It was AWSOME!!!! And the Mac and Cheese was GREAT!!! I'LL BE BACK VERY SOONMel was our server. Super friendly and knowledgable. Great enchiladas! Thanks for the suggestion! Will be comming back!el camino real is a half mexican restaurant and half bbq restaurant which just opened on liberties walk.  i went last night and i loved it!  i stuck with the texan menu because i was craving seitan (but will be back for fish tacos from the mexican menu).  i started out with the veggie wings then got the BBQ seitan for my main. our waiter warned me that these were both very similar dishes before putting our order in, which they are, but that was OK by me cause they were both excellent. the wings have the sauce on them and ranch on the side, while the BBQ seitan has the BBQ sauce on the side and yummy grill marks on the seitan. i definitely recommend the spicy sauce over the sweet (which was a little too sweet-tomatoey for me). had some guac, too, with some very salty (good) chips.   had a root beer float doused in rum for dessert.  i think this place will finally fill the seitan void in my life leftover from when azure closed earlier this year. i'll be back soon and often.
service is excellent too, by the way... chef and manager both stopped by to ask how things were, and our waiter was very attentive.Bifurcated deliciousness. Yeah, go ahead look it up or check out El Camino Real to understand it first hand. 
ECR features a menu pleasantly divided between inventive Mexican dishes and hearty down home fresh off the chuck wagon BBQ. Truth be told, I've never eaten from a chuck wagon, but I do know my BBQ and can call this authentically delicious from at least twenty paces. 
Pricing seemed high on some items which I only realized when I was served a burrito less than the size of your average newborn. And while I loved the divided menu, I would have liked to see some fusion dishes that marry the two ideas together. 
We hit up the happy hour for half price marg pitchers were tasty. Not sure if it was because of happy hour, there was a ton of ice in the pitcher delivered to our table. 
The atmosphere like the food is lively and varied. ECR is a great place to grab some drinks with a small group of friends or meet up with co-workers for some happy hour fun. 
Couldn't give this place a 4/5 star review because in comparison with the Cantina, this place is just ok. Two things that stuck out were the ice to drink ratio and the fact they charge for chips and salsa. It's only a dollar for all you can eat, but still it seems cheap. Why charge at all? Or why charge for the first basket. Those two things combined made me wonder what else they are cheaping out on. 
TL;DR Great drinks; decent food. It's is worth a try especially if your palette can't decide between Mexican and BBQ.I ordered takeout from here a week ago. I ordered a chicken wrap, my boyfriend ordered pulled pork. We were both unimpressed but what leads me to leaving a 1 star review is what ensued after eating from here. 2 days later I had severe intestinal issues that pursued for days. After a visit to a doctor and them doing a culture, I tested positive for campylobacter. Campylobacter is transmitted through contaminated chicken and takes 1-2 days to show symptoms. Considering this was the only time I ate chicken in the days leading up to getting sick, I 100% contracted this food-borne illness from eating food from here. I'd strongly advise people to eat elsewhere unless you have a week+ free to spend on your toilet.Okay food that's being held hostage by a poor management team and horrible waitresses. Open tables can't be seated due to their seating strategy. So expect a wait while you look at available tables. Overall poor customer service. Only reason to visit this place, easy walking distance from the piazza.Ordered a smoked chicken quesadilla last night and there was a long hair in it that was threaded through the chicken. Super disgusting! Last time I was here there was still wax paper in the beef brisket. This kitchen needs to get it together with their quality control!This place is so addicting, good vegan options, seitan or veggie tacos and guac, good beers, good service. Love coming here!First of all , I waited about an hour in the heat after being seated for a salad. Three tables were sat around me and all received their food before me. By the time I got my salad it was terrible. The steak was chewy and hard. And the salad all around was just terrible. I witnessed my waitress look at my empty glass of water and not even offer anything to drink but refilled the table next to mines. If I could rate this place a zero star I would. Would not recommend to eat here at all!! My waitress was rude and inconsiderate. Never will come back   !!There are much better Mexican joints to hang out at in Philly.  Wound up here on a Friday afternoon, thanks to Steve Starr having the brilliant idea not to open his beer gardens until 4 PM on Fridays (huh?) for some drinks and light food.
The beer list is decent and the happy hour margaritas are only $2.50 (which probably is worth a star by itself), but the table-service and the food wrecked the experience.
We were there for about 4 hours from about 2:30 PM to 6:30 PM - a group of professionals looking for drinks and food with money to spend.  From the time we ordered our first drinks until the time the waitress bothered to come back and check on us was over an hour...we were so thirsty that people were going to the bar by themselves and paying cash...and hungry...we were ready to order food no one in sight, that it was sad.  One of the women with us, who had waitressed in a prior life, actually considered pulling the girl aside and explaining to her how much she was losing in tips.  And it is a tiny dining room and the place was mostly empty until about 5 PM.
The food barely rose above Chipoltle-quality, although it was relatively inexpensive for Philly.  The guacamole was very spicy, but that didn't mask that the avocados didn't taste fresh at all.  The tomatoes in the salsa were bland and mushy.
Won't be back.The Good:
Boozy Float - draft root beer (hells yeah baby), Myers rum & vanilla ice cream.  Makes me purr.
Outside seating that isn't in the middle of the sidewalk!
Big juice burger - delicious. And when I told them to make it as rare as legally possible, they obeyed.
Possibly the best fries I've had since traipsing around Texas.
Great! BBQ sauces - loved the tangy and the spicy, although I really couldn't tell which was which.
The Bad:
Margarita with salt - I did say without salt, because bleh to salt on my margarita. The large quantities of liquor made up for the salt taste. 
Service was a bit slow, but it was a Saturday afternoon - true they weren't packed, but they also weren't rocking their A-game.
The Ugly: 
Ha, the other patrons! Drunky McDrunkerson was Cra.Zy. throughout our curbside brunch. Entertaining, but exhausting to watch. Not sure what the waitstaff could've done to restrain this chick (other then flag her, maybe?) - still. We'll be back.This place is pretty excellent- definitely a go-to for me and the BF.  Some notes:
-HAPPY HOUR and LATE NIGHT:  Happy Hour is 5-7 weekdays, and gets you half-price margaritas ($2.50 is hard to beat).  Late night is Sunday-Thursday 10pm-12am, and gives you half-price margaritas AND draft beers (usually they have a few decent craft beers).
*update- all specials have gone up :( bummer.  Alas! 
-$1 per person endless chips, smoked pico de gallo and salsa verde- DELICIOUS, and perfect happy hour/late night food
-Be wary: the margaritas can pack a punch.  It may be the cheap tequila, but inevitably these hit me after the fact in a weird and often headache and/or hangover-inducing manner that margaritas (even strong ones) don't usually give me.  Drink lots of water, that's for sure- and don't let this deter you.  
-Vegetarian Texas Cheesesteak?  AMAZING.
-Brunch includes a free drink for each adult over $21 (Bloody Mary or Mimosa).  VEGETARIANS BE WARNED- the Bloody Mary mix is NOT vegetarian, and not all of the waiters know that.  I asked, was told it was vegetarian, had my BF try it, asked again to have them double-check, and found out it wasn't.  I lucked out, but if you are allergic to seafood or vegetarian, stick with the Mimosa and make sure the waiters double-check anything that could mess with your dietary restrictions.I had a Quesadilla that was delicious the drinks was good also. I just didn't like the seating was a little uncomfortable.I really hate this place . It is always terrible but I love so close I always give it a try after try. I ordered a burrito and tacos....  the most disappointing order yet. And it will be the last. It's like they didn't even care to make it . They threw everything in a boWish I could give it 0
Food order was delayed by almost two hours and didn't hear back from anyone to let me know about this issue.Overall experience just awful for our group(and apparently the tables around us).  We were seated at 6:33 on a Tuesday and sat there until we were finally greeted at 6:47.  We sat there after that until a little after 7 when we finally received our drinks.  That was over 35 minutes without even a water.   Our server disappeared multiple times while management did nothing to assure that everything was ok.  We finally got our starters, a few orders of guac, which were amazing(hence the 2 stars) before right around when our drinks finally arrived.  The table next to us began to have the same complaint as they arrived and didnt get waited on until about 15 minutes after seating.  The food itself was average but it did not make up for the complete ineptitude of service that became so frustrating to our table(all of us are waiters and bartenders).  This is now the second straight time coming here with the same server and the experience was beyond bad.  When we were finally finished and paid, of course a manager was the first person to the table to come and clean it up before we had all even gotten up but refused to check in at all during the dinner.  One of the more frustrating experiences at a restaurant in a long time, probably will not be going back here even though I live right across the street.Mexican themed bar and restaurant.
Food: not bad, but below average for this price point.
Service: friendly but slow.
Come hang out if you are in the neighborhood. No reason to make a special trip if you are not.Went to El Camino for brunch this weekend. It was not as good as my dinner was previously.
The huevos rancheros was served in a cast iron skillet, which is cool, but it really wasn't doing it for me. It kind of tasted bland and the refried beans were more like a soup than they were like a refried bean. Also, the breakfast burrito doesn't come with any type of sauce like guac or sour cream, and I think that's just weird.
Our waitress, while very pretty (Megan Fox look-alike), was pretty checked out. She didn't come over to check on us and only refilled our water glasses after my friend had to start drinking out of my glass. She also didn't ask if I wanted a refill of my coffee. When my friend asked for ketchup she brought the bottle to our table and slid it across the table. I don't know if it was intentional or not, but it was pretty rude.
I'll stick with Green Eggs or Cantina Dos Segundos for breakfast now on.Service was decent, better than a lot of times i've been here, its usually awful, and for the poor service that plagues northern liberties, its not a list you wanna top.  but my burrito although it had good flavor, came out like it had been sitting for a while.  Please hold, dos segundos is calling.Have to give credit where credit is due.  Started going to ECR on a much more frequent basis since Sept. 2011, and there is no question that the service and food quality has been far more consistent in highly positive ways.  Also, I discovered the Pig Wings and the house-made jalapeno poppers, both of which I think I'm addicted to.  And a very satisfying beer selection; not the longest beer list, but what they do have is quality, and they have something for everyone, so that's always a positive.I really don't like being told that the chef changed how something is made months ago and that I have been eating buttermilk for who knows how long.  That is not cool.  All of the seitan dishes were either removed from the menu or they were changed to include animal junk.  Basically this place has gone from being awesome to just another burrito shop for the vegan community.  Boo!Honestly I love this place but the music they play lately has gone downstream MAJOR!!! I don't want to hear the same bad 80s or Motown song on repeat ..... Seriously bad. GIVE ME SILENCE OVER THISI must agree like the rest of the reviews the veggie wings are the best!  But don't forget the nachos......they are giant! But oh so delish! And the chips and chirozo in queso.....that's my fav!  Not a low cal meal by any ,means but tastey.  
The staff is nice for the most part. I've been many times and had just one grumpy waitress who prob was just having a tough day.I go to el camino on occasion and the service is usually great! There was one time the service was a little slow but the waitress was super nice and I saw that she was busy so I was pretty understanding. Their happy hour specials are a awesome. My friend and I went the other day for some drinks and the girl bartender that was working was very friendly! Half priced margarita pitchers for hh! Can't beat that :PI just order 5 meals 1 of which was never even entered. So I never got it. But the 4 orders I did receive every single one was incorrect. Pretty disappointed.This was an overall AWFUL experience! If I could give less than 1 star, I would. The food was a joke. Texas fries smothered in microwaved cheese sauce, calamari tacos with stringy, undercooked calamari. Burritos that you pay EXTRA for rice and beans! Don't get me started on the drinks. I had a strawberry margarita that was syrup on the rocks, my husband had a long island that was sour mix with a splash of soda. The service??  I could've walked out on my check 3 times before she asked if we were ok (I probably should have).... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!  what a joke!!If you're reading this update in isolation (not in the sense that you're in solitary confinement, but in the sense that you're not reading it along with my Penang update), I recommend you go to phillymonica.yelp.com.
Now, as part of my morning goals for the day, I promised I wouldn't drink or eat carbs, but would instead opt for a salad and go to the gym.
While I did go to the gym, I failed to "not drink." At lunch, I downed 2 margaritas (one with Canton Ginger Liqueur instead of tequila) and a Canton-bourbon-'arita. They were all so delicious I couldn't help but allow one to follow the other. 
I did order a taco salad though. Great food, but unsuccessful day, folks. Better luck tomorrow.Many people told me it was a must to visit El Camino Real, and I have to agree that the food is pretty amazing.
We opted to get the all-you-can eat chips and salsa, which costs $1 per person.  (I think this should just be free as most Mexican places do.)  The chips came with a chunky red pico de gallo and a salsa verde, both were tasty.  I also had a pina colada BF opted for a beer from the draft selection.  My cocktail was well-spiked and I got a nice buzz from it, but didn't overwhelm the yummy pineapple and coconut.
I ordered the Smoked chicken burrito which had bacon, plantains and chipotle crema.  BF got the shrimp, smoked garlic/onion, crispy chicken skin & jalapeno burrito.  Our server asked if we wanted them as a platter with rice and beans.  FOR FIVE DOLLARS EXTRA.  For real??  Are these magic beans???  No thanks.  The plate came with a shredded red cabbage and radish salad which was untouched on both of our plates.  How bout leave off that cabbage nonsense and just give us rice and beans?  The burrito was not your typical gargantuan size, (ala Cantina or most Mexican spots) but instead two thinner burritos... more like rolled tacos.  This was nice for sharing, we each got to try one half and were pretty full.  I actually enjoyed the shrimp one better, the crispy chicken skin was a nice complement to the smoky flavors.  A tad spicy for this spice-wuss but I went for it anyway because the flavors were so nice.
Service was great, I'll probably be back again.  I also want to try the barbecue selections.Last night we walked here for dinner.  It was a nice night so we sat outside to people watch while enjoying the food of El Camino. The margarita was so good, I could have had another 1 or 2.  We had the unlimited chips/salsa, the veggie wings and pig wings as appetizers, which really could make a meal in itself. Onto the entrees, I had the bbq sampler;  short rib, pork shoulder and pork belly and my friend has the "ole gringo" burrito. I did try the homemade sauces that I read about on yelp, but it would have been nice for the server to explain the sauces.  Service was ok and prices are reasonable. Worth checking out.Their food is delicious but their service is lackluster especially when it comes to take out. I should know better to check my take out before I take it out the door. 
They've reconciled my order a few times but at this point, I'm just tired of calling them , explaining what I didn't get, bieng asked to go back for the completion of my order.  Examples:
a)  guacamole (after stating and being charged for it and not getting it)
b) dressing for my salads
c) didn't add meat to an order where I've added meat. (don't get any smart ideas)
Be consistent El Camino and maybe you can get the ranks of adding the Real.Fun vibe.  Good service.  Decent drink prices. Good food....BUT it didn't stand out as anything special considering there are a few other restaurants that are similar in the area.  A $12.00 burrito that is average does not make me want to go back any time soon.This place has some great texmex food! It's usually a bit crowded during dinner, so I try to go during off hours. The staff is friendly, and the food is delish. Last time I was there I had their seasonal fish burritos. It was super tasty, even if the fish was fried. They have an extensive drink menu as well, if you're looking to just have a drink. I definitely recommend the blood orange mojito.New to the area, I listen to what friends and coworkers recommend so off we went to check out a local favorite for dinner.  We'd been there once before for lunch and decided we wanted to check it out at night.
The only challenge that evening was trying to find parking, which, coming from NYC, I find more challenging in Philly than in the Big Apple, but we were lucky enough to finally get a spot right in front of the restaurant.
We were greeted and sat immediately by a friendly staff member.  We ordered our margaritas and appetizers and checked out the menu.  While the patrons kept pouring in.  
Mexican and Texas BBQ are divided, we all went with the Mexican fare and ordered Carnitas Tacos, Seared Ahi Tuna Tacos and Shrimp Tacos.
All the tacos are served Mexican 'street style' on small tortillas, so those expecting the bell style, forget it.  
The Carnitas (pork) were succulent and with a squeeze of lime, very tasty and perfectly accompanied by cilantro and raw onions.
The shrimp and seared ahi tuna tacos were also a big hit, although a white fish would be more welcome on fish tacos as the fleshy tuna just doesn't quite cut it for this dish.  With the lime juice and accompanying condiments it's just not as complimentary as say a sea bass or even codfish.
The ambiance is great.  Casual diners and locals gathering for conversation and some bar games during the reverse happy hour packs the place, but our service was friendly and attentive.
Looking forward to the weather warming up again so we can sit outside and people-watch while dining at this very hipster locale.I've come here for happy hour and quizzo a few times, and it's always been pretty darn good. 
The margaritas are tasty and strong, and for the happy hour price, you can't beat it. I also love the $1 PP endless chips & salsa. It's a great yummy, cheap snack to share with friends.
I have had a few of the menu selections including the mac & cheese (awesome), pulled pork (tasty) and pork belly. The pork belly was not my favorite. I'm hoping maybe it was just an off day, but the pork belly was very chewy and flavorless. I probably would not order that again.
This is definitely one of my favorite happy hours in the city. There's plenty of seating indoors & out, good service, strong drinks and great prices.Last night I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at El Camino. The two or three other times I've been have been just ok but last night was better. We decided to go more Tex than Mex and it worked out great. 
In my opinion, they have some of the best margaritas I've had...especially for the price. They're strong and not too sweet, awesome. What really blew my mind this past visit was the pulled pork sammy. We added cole slaw which was the best idea ever. The pork was tasty, moist and juicy and the bun didn't fall apart! I might have to get this sandwich every time I go. 
To wrap up my feelings on this place, 4 stars for the Tex, 3 on the mex so I would give it 3.5 stars.My most FAVORITE place in NoLibs.  I'm a vegetarian and this place is my heaven.  They have one of my most favorite veggie wings... they are crispy and spicy and make me sweat (in a good way).  I've pretty much liked everything I've ever gotten here, but I love to go just for wings and a marg... great outdoor seating in summer and just a cool overall vibe.  This is and will continue to be my Philly staple!So I go to this restaurant a lot with my best friend but I went last night with my boyfriend and it wasn't that great! I understand they were super busy but it took 20 mins for our order to be taken and then our food came out before our drinks and I had to ask the waitress three times for them. She said she was waiting for them to get made? It doesn't take 35 mins for a margarita and a corona!  Our food was good we ordered guac and chips which tasted good and the taco salad with chicken. The taco salad was a little disappointing, it looked big but was mostly tortilla chips under a little bit of lettuce, but still good. Finally I was fed up with not getting our drinks and asked another waiter. He  brought them right over and said they were sitting there for a good 20 mins. The waitress then came over to tell us she just forgot about our drinks. Ummm???? Okay.  Thanks for letting me know you totally forgot our order. I think next time I won't go when it's so busy. I like it better when it's dead in there or for lunch.These tacos .. people.. we ordered the shrimp tacos, the chronic sandwich and a side of pork belly. We can't wait to go back.Carnitas tacos were good, chips and salsa were cheap (delicious too), nice atmosphere. I'd recommend it to my friends and colleagues.the only things i love on their menu are the tuna tacos and fried pickles.. thats it. oh and a tecate with a shot of tequila for only 5 bucks? sure!I'm a sucker for a place that makes me feel like a cowboy. Well, a little bit at least.
El Camino is one of my favorite places for brunch.
The Baked Huevos Rancheros is glorious. When that skillet gets put in front of my face..... so good! Eggs, pork belly, and all the other goodness all baked just for me! I'll take a mug of cowboy coffee to go with that, thanks! or maybe a Tecate. I don't care if its Sunday Brunch. Screw Monday!
And the side of chili? Set whatever preconceived notion you have of chili by the door. This stuff is great.
And... call my sense of humor juvenile, but I think the "additions" to the big wall photo murals in the bathroom are hilarious.N and I went for dinner with a couple who are from Texas, and they grudgingly admitted that the BBQ was pretty authentic. This pleased me, as it was also tasty. 
Between the four of us we sampled the short rib, the sausage, the brisket, and the enchiladas. Our house vegetarian was thrilled with the cheese enchiladas, and we carnivores enjoyed all the meats, although the short rib was definitely best. Sandwiches were under $10 and came with a side of fries. Good fries, but not outstanding. In Philly your fries have to be something special to stand out.
The night's big winner was the endless chips and salsa. I don't know for sure, but I suspect they make their own chips. In any case, the chips were fried crisp and dusted with cayenne. The green tomatillo salsa was good and the red chipotle salsa was fantastic; both were pleasantly spicy, but not mouth burningly so. As advertised, every time a bowl was empty the waitress offered to refill it. The Texans were miffed that there was a charge for chips and sals at all, but even they had to admit that the $2,50 was well spent.
Although El Camino Real is vegetarian friendly, there are almost no actual vegetables to be had. But the meat is so good it's hard to care.Not sure about this place. I wanted to like it- the menu, the atmosphere, and even the look of the food is appetizing, but the food and drinks just didn't do it for me and my friends. 
Was the food horrible?  Nope!  Was it memorably tasty?  Nope!  It was just middle of the road which, for all the presentation, I would have hoped for better. 
 For instance I had the Chronic which is a pulled pork sandwich with a potato but and mac and cheese piled in the sandwich as well. Sounds good and looks even better.  But the taste was just lacking.  I didn't go in expecting KC or Texas level BBQ, but the food here was a little under par from Tony Roma's or Chili's. It just didn't have the bang I expect from a BBQ place. 
The rest of our orders were the same. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.
 I'll probably give this place another try at some point and if I like it I'll change my review- but 3 stars is all I can give this place.Good Mex and other good stuff that makes you happy in your belly.Food is very subpar if you ask me. It's very Tex mex so if you're not into that then stay away. Good thing about this place is their margaritas pitchers during happy hour. Super cheap you really can't beat them. Chips are prob the best tasting thing here honestly. Wings aren't that bad either. Everything is pretty much just "ok". If you want more authentic food go to dos segundos right up the street. Food there is way better.Great happy hour special with margaritas. The food is more southwestern than Mexican, which surprised me the first time. The piggy wings are good and huge. An order could be a full meal. The signature sandwich with barbecue pork, Mac and cheese, and some other stuff came out soggy and somewhat wilted. Guacamole is adequate but nothing I'd ever crave.
There's nice outdoor picnic-style seating and a good atmosphere.
I'd recommend happy hour here or an afternoon drink, especially if you live in the neighborhood.I would honestly have to say that I had a great meal here. I went to a Mexican restaurant and ordered a made to order Big Ass Burger and it was Damn good. 
The prices seemed reasonable and the service was good as well. It's also open many nights until 2 am so it would be great for late night too.This place has a quite a few tasty vegan options. However, many of the "veggie" dishes are simply vegetarian and not vegan. Although, if you let the server know you are vegan they are very accommodating and can alter the "veggie" dishes to make them vegan. For example, the veggie wings have butter in the sauce, but they will gladly make it without. Overall, this place has good food and a fun atmosphere!Went here for lunch the other day for the first time. Got the veggie wings (which were awesome!) and the seitan tacos - which I regretted due to the wings being made of the same thing. The menu didn't say what the veggie wings were made of that (unfortunately). Food was good ended up spending $30 on two people not too bad. Service was just OK - our waitress was at the table for our order and that's about it.Ummm margaritas and vegetarian wings.  That should cover it.
But really, everything I've ever ordered from here is good.  The service is great, too!  You're missing out if you don't get some huevos rancheros and a bloody mary for brunch.
I don't think I've ever waited more than 5 minutes for a table.  If I do have to wait, there's always some sort of seating available at the bar.  
If you want consistently good food, an awesome outdoor seating area, and some great people watching (more like hipster watching- you'll never see so many fixed gears and  mustaches pass by/around you in one meal).  This is my go to I want a good meal and some booze that isn't going to cost me a million $$$$.I have experienced better. When we arrived the place was reasonably packed and continued to fill up, which I think is usually a good sign. 
Except for getting us water every minute we wanted it and needed it....The service was mediocre, inexperienced and generally apathetic. When our food got there, the waiter/busboy asked for my friend to take the plate from her. 
Then there was the food, the pico de gallo salsa was pretty good and smokey. The margaritas were overly sweet. My friend and I shared the brisket sandwich and it was a big disappointment. The brisket was overly fatty and the fries were extremely salty. 
Skip the trip, go check out the other great Mexican places that the city and Northern Liberties has to offer.When I'm faced with texmex, I usually ignore the tex and stick with the mex. Who could blame me? I can wrap my head around Mexico, but I'm not sure I'll ever understand Texas. However, perusing the menu at El Camino Real, I just wasn't feeling any of the Mexican options. The choices were very burrito-heavy and I just don't feel right going out and paying $10 + tip for a burrito when I can get a $6 burrito at Chipotle that will be way more delicious. Then my focus settled on the short rib. Something just felt right about this. My bartender informed me that it was BIG. I ordered and before I knew it, a giant short rib along with texas toast and pickles was in front of me. The meat fell off the bone into glorious shreds which I shoveled down. The flavor was good and there were only a few chewy parts. I'm kind of a picky meat eater, but on this night all that remained was the bone. You can also get two of these monsters with even more sides for less than twice the price. 
I complimented this giant piece of animal with chips and guac and a margarita. The guac was pretty generic, not a lot of character but it was plentiful and the chips were fresh. The margarita was fine for $5. 
Judging by some of these other yelps, maybe this was just a lucky good first impression but I will note that I also sat at the bar. If I lived closer to Nolibs, I would consider adding this to my eating rotation.Delicious chicken and bacon burrito, with just a little kick! Atmosphere is 'hip', cool decor. Would be a good place for a happy hour.One of the servers was really really cute. So they get a four star review just for that. He even was nice enough to stop and take a picture for us. The decor is cute and I loved the salt/pepper shakers. The food was scrumptious and reasonably priced. I'll definitely be back in the spring. I think I'll try the drinks next time.The menu is so much fun! I had the fried pickles and the Texas Cheesesteak and it ROCKED. 
The restaurant was pretty dark that my friend and I had to whip out our iphone flashlights to read the menu.Having returned to El Camino Real twice in the last month for dinner, a few conclusions can be made since my last review over a year ago. First of all, it has exploded with popularity. Dinner service, even at 5pm, is extremely popular. It has become a trendy place to see and be seen in the uber-chic neighborhood of Northern Liberties. 
The second observation is directly tied to the first- the outstanding food. No wonder El Camino has drawn rave reviews and grown exponentially since my first taste; the food is magnificent. Without a touch of pretense, the menu reflects both Tex Mex and authentic Mexican cuisine. It is extensive and has options for both the picky and adventurous, the carnivore and vegetarian, the glutton and the lush. 
May I point out that the Fried Pickle Chips are heaven-sent? I sometimes catch myself daydreaming about them at nite. The crisp vinegary crunch of the pickles, the savory, molten hot breading, and of course, the spicy, smooth, simply decadent chipolte mayo dip served on the side makes my mouth water. The flavors explode in your mouth in a WOOSH of satisfaction. The Fried Pickle Chips at El Camino Real are my favorite appetizer in Philadelphia. 
I won't wax poetic about the rest of the menu, but just know that it is nearly equal to the said satisfaction of the Pickle Chips. Just to name a few, I love the Texas cheesesteak, the pork bellies, the chili and the enchiladas.  
Furthermore, El Camino distinguishes itself in decor as well. It isn't overly oozing faux authenticity the way that the Cantina begs to (for real, you use flour tortillas, so let's not pretend this is actually South of the Border, ok??) and yet still satisfies the exotic taste inherent to Tex-Mex. The servers are great, it is not overly loud, and oh yeah, the brunch is amazing too. 
Looking for a good Tex-Mex joint in Philly that will satisfy your Mexican craving? El Camino Real is the place to go.El Camino is my absolute favorite spot in the city! They have great food and drinks and the atmosphere is hard to beat!Deep fried pickles, enough said.  Great happy hour, half off pitchers...Amazing pickle chips. Amazing veggie wings. Great margaritas (I love passion fruit). Probably my favorite restaurant in the city.friendly waitress. large variety to choose from on the menu. great mix of southern country music and food with Mexican music and food.The margaritas are fantastic, the nachos and queso fundido are great, and the pulled pork and the seitan cheesesteak sandwiches are delish. But what is truly magical, and the reason I will keep coming back forever, are the pig wings. Thick and meaty, perfectly seasoned and sauced, and meat so tender that it literally falls off the bone (it has happened every time I've ordered them).
Other pluses include the outside tables where you can be away from the crowd but still people-watch and enjoy the nice weather while it lasts. Plus, we've brought our dogs to sit with us several times, and they had a great time (the servers were even thoughtful enough to volunteer to bring them a water bowl and fill it for them).  If you're looking to relax and fill up on fantastic BBQ for not much dough, head over to Camino.Veggie wings divine
Margarita perfection
Haiku of flavor
Attentive servers
Nice-to-look-at bartenders
Quaint decor surrounds
From 'cross the country
Dreams of delish 'ritas
Oh those veggie wings
Philadelphia
Soon I will return to you
First stop: (El) CaminoHey guys, thanks for slamming down the corrected plate of my friend's food on our table. We couldn't tell you were pissed at us for actually speaking up about the crappy service  Umm, some of the food was ok, but all in all it was inconsistent. Things came out at different times. Some food was hot, other food wasn't. One person's entree was spicy when we speciFically asked for it not to be spicy. They forgot my fries. Guacamole was not fresh. Margaritas were just... not good, not fresh. Like the bottom of the barrel. Manager didn't seem to care and acted sarcastic. That is the ethos of this restaurant. Save your time--save your money. Go somewhere else if you canI've been a loyal customer since 2009, there was a period where I didn't come as much when I moved to South Philly but I returned to dining here when I moved back to Fishtown in 2016. I've always had a decent experience, good margaritas and good food, the wait was never good but tolerable. 
Well tonight, 12/29/17, we asked for a table of 6, we were told 40 minutes wait time which was fine, we get it people probably had cabin fever and they were busy. We scurried to the bar area, congregated at the corner ordered drinks, even got a pitcher of margaritas. The bar servers were great. 70 minutes lates, we were finally seated. 
We got our appetizers, they were great then we ordered our entrees. Three of us got fajitas, 2 out of 3 were cold. One of three that was hot. But the hot fajitas had such a tiny steak on it. 2 of us did not want to complain, we weren't there to get free food but eventually one of our friend did say something. Our server, Ashley, was great and she got the manager. He solved the situation by getting me a fajitas that was hotter, the way it's supposed to be. He brought out another steak for my friend. The food runner with the pink hair dropped off my hot fajitas but the literally dropped the plate of tortillas, sour cream and guacamole as if she was bothered by our complaint in front of my friend. The Diva in me wanted to snatch her hair and scold her for her behavior but in the real world I had to keep it cool. I was so angry that I lost my appetite. I don't expect to be worshipped, that's not what I wanted but a good customer service would have been great. As a frequent diner, that's all you want. Good food and hot meal with decent service. 
Look, I'm not here to get free crap, I literally eat out almost every single meal. I know what's it's like to deal with customer complaints, I respect everyone and do my best to fix the situation since I've had a job dealing with food and people at age 16. The food runner with the pink hair could have remedied the situation by acknowledging the situation and not taking things personally or even the manager could have tried to understand but none of that was done. I felt bad for Ashley, the server but she literally did her best and try to make things better. 
It just sucks because I don't think I could ever get my friends to come back here again and I think I am done as well.LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Food is delicious - they smoke their own meats (you can smell it for blocks, enticing you to stop on by!). They have the best brisket in town - you can get it moist or dry. No place else offers you that type of option. Margaritas flavors change daily. Everything they offer (food and beverages) are reasonably priced.Well let's start off with the fact I have only ever sat outside - until tonight it was the first time dining inside. That is what happens in January! Holy cobwebs! The lights lining the ceiling are cluttered with dust/cobwebs, I am glad I noticed this after I ate. I also used the bathroom, I am not sure why the bathroom had graffiti - it wasn't artistic it was from drunks I am sure. 
We had our happy hour house strawberry margaritas, followed by the carnitas nachos with black beans. We had to ask for salsa. They were good nachos, soggy towards the bottom but that what you expect. 
Service was ok- we wanted to talk so we were good with the pace. Bummed there wasn't any dessert we wanted like churros or chimichanga. 
I will go back once it is nice to sit outside & I can't see the cobwebs.I stop at this place every time I come to Philly. As a vegetarian it makes me really happy to be able to find a place with alot of veggie options. The veggie buffalo wings are SERIOUSLY to die for. It's not often you find super crispy and filling wings. With a good drinking selection, good music, and always a good crowd how much better can it get?
Oh yeah, and the best freakin happy hour. $10 for a pitcher of margarita.Best brisket and pulled pork in the city.   And the chicken wings are amazing.  Beware there is quite a bit of a wait on the weekends.  I usually go around 10PM to avoid all that, otherwise you might wait 45 minutes.  But let me tell you, well worth the wiat.I never write reviews. I'm in the biz so I would hate it if I ever got a bad review, but that's just it, I've been a mgr./bartender/server for over 15 years and I guess I know how to give good service so have never gotten one thank god! 
Food was mediocer at best. Good margarita's. bartenders are probably the only ones with the good service at this joint. I had lunch on the first nice day in philly (tues 4/9)with some friends. one of them never had been to no libs mind you so was really hoping she would have had a plesant experience. well we didn't. 
found hairs in not one but THREE of our entrees. the server Kelly, acted from the start like she was being bothered and showed NO EFFORT in making it a nice and friendly experience. she was blahzay, eh, whatevs, attitude. never said sorry for the hairs when I brought them to her attention, instead accused us and said well how did the hair get on your fork? Um bc I pulled it out of my meal you moron!! then she proceeded to say well it is windy out. like the hairs just blew in there. when we literally pulled them OUT of our entrees. She never came to check on us not once. hence sitting there with empty drinks for 30 mins.. We waited for a long time to the point where I was about to go in and get the manager. after I had told her our issue and the responses I got from her I knew at this point she was not going to do anything about it so I asked for the manager. 
he came out but again was not warm and friendly, comped what had hairs in it but that was it. I would have rather a sincere apology then what these guys did for us. 
if you were in my restauarants and had told me there were hairs in your food I would have been mortified, removed the dishes right away, and did whatever I could to have made the experience better not worse! 
don't anticipate coming back unless its at the bar. someone really needs to have a talk with that kelly server. she does NOT have the personality to serve.. this is coming from a manager of 3 restaurants!wanna feel completely ripped and hungry after ordering Mexican food?  Well have I got the restaurant for you!   For only $15 you can have two "burritos" like the guy on the left, and for only $13 you can have two "burritos" like the guy on the right.  Never again will I waste my money ordering from this place when I could get a steak burrito larger than all 4 of those "burritos" for less than $8.The search for good Mexican food on the east coast continues here. I ordered two flour steak burritos, which were really just rolled tacos. But I was pleasantly surprised. The food had a good blend of sweet and spice. The food arrived quickly and the servers were very kind and helpful. The were also a number of menu options, I look forward to trying some more.Brought my sister's bachelorette party here last week and everything was AWESOME. Chris, our server and bartender, was very patient with a rowdy group of 11 women. The staff was really attentive to us, always checking to make sure our drinks were full and our needs were met. 
We ordered pitchers of margaritas and they were strong, something you don't always get when with pitchers! Every flavor was so delicious. 
We ordered from both the BBQ and Mexican side of the menu and everyone (I mean it) was happy with their meals! The guacamole was SO good, I could have just eaten that all night. The meat was super tender, the shrimp was spicy and cooked perfectly, the portions were a good size and didn't make you feel sluggish after you finished. Everyone was full but not painfully stuffed to where we couldn't enjoy the rest of the evening. 
Thank you, El Camino Real! We will be back!i think the taco salad is easily one of the best salads i've ever had. it was delicioussssss. and HUGE! drawing a blank on what i ate for some reason, butttt i DO remember thinking it was the best meal i'd had in a long while and loving EVERY bite. um... it was the taco salad with steak!I've definitely had my ups and downs with this place.  If it the food was good one time, the service was bad. The next time the service will be good, but the food is lacking. I pretty much have decided no more El Camino for awhile though since my last visit.
I can make excuses for the service because it was the opening of the Piazza and a lot busier there than usual on a Saturday afternoon, but when I ordered the simple 2 eggs any way dish and never got my hash browns I was annoyed.  And then two minutes later when I noticed a black ant-like slug crawling on my plate I was downright grossed out. Yeah, I should have said something, but I was too bummed out from such a terrible brunch that I just wanted to leave. 
If El Camino Real is empty-ish you should go since I have had good meals here before. But if they're full, all hell may just break loose onto your plate.At the insistence of a friend, I begrudgingly decided to give El Camino Real another shot. Several bad experiences in the past have always left a bad taste in my mouth.  Most of those we're related to service... but the food was never great either...  luckily some of that has changed.
Upon reading the menu I realized that they seemed to have changed things up a bit.  They lowered their charge for the house chips and salsa ($1 a person now) and the salsa choices are a bit more flavorful.  The chip seasoning can still be a little overwhelming though.
As for the entree, I went with the pulled pork (see pictures) and it was probably one of the best pulled pork sandwiches I've had in a very long time.  As I tend to favor more saucey pork, this was right up my alley.  I topped it off with some surprisingly delicious white cheddar cheese and guac.  The guac was a game changer.  Good side of fries too.
Unfortunately the service appears to still be lacking.  It seems they forgot our chip order and basically brought it out at the same time as the dinner entrees arrived.  The waiter seemed a bit preoccupied in general and the place wasn't that busy.
Also the bathrooms were disgusting.
All in all, based on the food and the drinks I would have given this a 4, but service still has a lot to improve on.My friends and I love this place.  A few of us are from the south and we love the sincerity of this joint!  I love how they label the brisket 'LEAN' or "MOIST".  A great place for delish, spicy, simple, rib sticking food at a fair price.  I would give 5 stars if only the parking were better and the noise level inside were a bit more reasonable...but when it's packed what ya gonna do?I visited el camino ALL of thee time! One of my fave restaurants! 
Some of my fave dishes are the wings with blue cheese made from scratch! (Well that's wat I was told) but the blue cheese alone is sooo good! 
Also panchos chicken nachos, Texas fries and don't forget an classic margarita! Drinks are good nice and strong! Yum;)!Inconsistency Central!  El Camino - stop playing with my affections!
A girl can only take so much.  At first blush, your seemingly endless bowl of chips, (which is only as good as your server can replenish, it appears), smoked tomato salsa, tomatillo salsa and chunk guac is all nice and good - until super sloppy, absent and inattentive service starts to wear on you.
But like the good girl that you are, you perserve, because you're patient, you forgive easily and you believe in the restorative power of a good meal.  But that good meal never comes.  What you get instead is a big gringo burrito that you can't even finish because the whole lot is filled with undercooked overly crunchy rice.  Your supporters (i.e. dining companions) also bear the brunt of your poor choices with a burrito and its contents barely cooked through, and a burger that wasn't cooked to the right temperature. 
Your cool factor can't save you here, El Camino - especially when you're operating at full capacity - your kitchen and staff can't seem to cut it. Like other people have experienced, you are hot and cold and it seems lately, it's been mostly chilly.Okay spot with relatively cheap eats. Margaritas are average. Waiters seem confused, don't know why. What concerned me was very shifty workers buzzing in and out; one guy particularly taking workers around the corner to the back alley. Maybe I am just being over observant but it happened enough for me to express it here. Hopeful it's nothing, otherwise average AmeriMexican food in a busy spot.Dog food. I told the bartender our food was bad and they took off a round of drinks...2 cans of Miller Lite. Manager was nowhere to be found after that and I didn't want to take it out on the bartender, so we left.Great food and cool atmosphere. Mac and cheese with pork belly is amazing. I'll take pig wings over chicken wings any day.The service = mediocre; the food = pretty good; the veggie options = FANTASTIC.  Veggie "wings", chicken fried seitan, cactus burritos...I felt like there were as many veggie options as there were meat options and that always makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside.
While I typically feel a little queasy after inhaling too much seitan (darn that pesky wheat gluten), the bbq sauce on the veggie wings had a great kick.  Also, I liked the margarita flavors, like jalapeno.
A good option when out and about in NoLibs -- I'll definitely come back to try a burrito.Fantastic food - the dishes never disappoint, top notch flavor combinations. The place always smells great from the outside too, if you ride your bicycle by it in the evenings.
For as nice as the atmosphere, waitstaff, and crowd is, the bathrooms are pretty rough at times.Over charged credit card by over $100 but refuse to produce an itemized receipt. Do not go here. The managers will not provide video footage or any type of proof for the charge.This place is below average. We ordered two drinks: the beer wasn't very cold and no glass was offered, the mojito was made with a bottled mixer which made it taste overly sweet and bitter at the same time. 
I ordered chipotle tacos which lacked any distinct flavor  and were topped with filler ingredients. I ordered rice and beans on the side: the rice was undercooked and the beans were bland. 
My girlfriend ordered steak fajitas, and the steak was so chewy they were inedible. The manager exchanged then for chicken which were better. 
Overall this place didn't apply a lot of effort.What I like about this place?
1. Happy hour...half price house margarita ($2.50 glass, $10 a pitcher), draft beer, bottle beer.
2. Great barbecue: Ribs is awesome, Brisket is delicious. Sweet sauce and I love their hot barbecue sauce.
3. Great Mexican food
4. Great brunch
5. Great selection for vegetarian. SEITAN SEITAN and yes seitan for breakfast. Vegetarian vege wings is delicious. 
6. Great selection of tequila
7. happy hour is over $20 pitcher of margarita and affordable. 
I never had a bad service prob because we go there so much. I love that place.My girlfriend and I were in the area the other day and decided to come in and eat here. She suggested we look for a place with a higher rating but I persuaded her to come here despite the reviews because I had heard good things about it. 
Our waitress was a little cold at first but she let us get the margarita happy hour special with only a few minutes left. It was only $3 for a margarita that was pretty strong and really good. My girlfriend ordered the pulled pork. The sandwich came with a side of fries and was decently portioned. I got the shrimp tacos. They were really good. 
My only real complaint was the service. It took over 40 minutes for our food to come out when the restaurant wasn't busy. Also, when we were finished with our food we couldn't find our waitress and had to wait around. This turned what could have been a 45 minute quick trip into an almost 1.5 hour dinner.El camino real is like the facts of life theme song. You take the good you take the bad you take em both and there you have the fact of life.... 
The good : nachos -big healthy portion and loaded with artery clogging goodness, fried pickles- its pickles and fried and most of the sauces/salsa. 
The bad: maybe not bad but definitely below average ..the ribs- dry and over smoked, size of the burritos- i feel like i am eating a taquito.. they taste decent though, the margaritas- bit water down and the construction- if u sit by the window during a cold night the restaurant has the insulation of a cardboard box. 
I think the other bbq  hovers around ok. Either way a different take on Mexican and in my book different is usually ok w/ me.This is one of my favorite places in Philly, and definitely my favorite in NoLibs. If you try nothing else, you MUST try the pork belly..get the 1/2 lb not the full lb because it's realllllyyy filling even if it's not a huge portion (it's all that fat from the pork). It's so delicious and words really can't do it justice. Also the pork ribs! They do everything Texas style, meaning dry, which I prefer to the places that douse their meat in bbq sauce. Happy hour is a great time to come for cheap pitchers of margaritas (either 10 or 15 dollars I forget). I also LOVE their Texas cobb salad, it's unlike any other Cobb salad. The parts all come deconstructed on the plate, which is really cool, and the chicken is smoked (delicious), so is the bacon. They do a great brunch I've heard, although I've never been.I enjoy coming here once in a while. They have a wide range of food and everything is generally tasty. It gets really loud and almost obnoxious at night but I don't mind it that much.
I would recommend the chips and salsa. There's two different sauces that come with them. 
And I'm not going to lie, the food overall is on the salty side so once I leave, all I want is water.They are heavy on the TEX in the tex-mex.  Pickle chips are a must. so it is texas cheese steak wit the deep fried jalapenos. 
they aren't afraid to put mac & Cheese on a sandwich either, but you might be to afraid to actually order it.I've been to el Camino multiple times and each time service was slow , waitress wasn't helpful with questions about menu , food was cold , drinks are watered down , and I didn't feel welcomed at this establishment...I love coming here for Sunday brunch.  Pork sandwiches are amazing.  Their breakfast sandwich is awesome too; the seitan, eggs, and some sort of spicy cheese on Texas toast.. I want one right now.One word: Laziness.
That pretty much sums it up. This spot is receiving two stars primarily because they have convenient hours and are consistent. Consistently, meh. Here is why I say they're lazy:
1) Constantly messing up orders.
2) I have had, on numerous occasions, the full shell on my shrimp while in a taco/burrito.
3) Again, I have had, on numerous occasions, the avocado 'stem' [or whatever that top part is that easily flicks off] in my guac. Yes, biting into that is as unappealing as it sounds. 
4) I always walk in, order food, and leave with a bill that is a fraction what it should be due to them comping all of their mistakes. It's the definition of laziness; why not correct said issues?!?
Oh well. I know what I'm signing up for when I go here so there are no surprises.El Camino is a pretty decent spot. It's where my boyfriend and I go most frequently in Northern Liberties. There's a split menu - Texas and Mexican food. My usual is the BBQ sandwich with fries and cole slaw from the Texas menu. It's a huge portion of BBQ and I usually cannot eat all of it. The cole slaw is great, too. Fries are hit or miss - sometimes they're loaded with really salty seasoning to the point that they're not really palatable. The $1 chips and salsa is great and the salsa has a smokey flavor to it. Service at the tables is average. We usually (and prefer to) sit at the bar, which is easy enough to do with just two people. We've only been on Saturday nights and it is always packed. If you want to head there on a weekend night with several people, try to make a reservation. The beer list is so-so...usually nothing fantastic for my tastes and not many options. One time I strayed from my usual meal and tried something from the "Mexican" portion of the menu and I hardly ate any of it...not good at all. I can't even remember what it was. The place has a pretty fun atmosphere and it's a good place to go if you want to be around a lot of people and activity.Best place ever for bottomless pits of chips and guac! I went on a busy Friday night, but the service was outstanding, and my food arrived within minutes of ordering! There was a little mix-up with my salad and my server, Andrew went above and beyond to accommodate me. He also gave us extra chips to go when we asked for a to-go box for my salad. I bought my boyfriend a gift card for this place because it's over favorite in Northern Liberties. It's hard to find parking, so try to head down early. I love this place and recommend it to anyone!! :)It breaks my heart that one of my favorite places has gone to the dumps! The atmosphere is looking run down and abused, the staff unfriendly and act like they are doing you a favor, and the food is not at it's best. I've been holding off writing my update in the hopes they would get it together, but that is not happening, they are becoming worse. With so many choices for dining in nearby Fishtown, Northern Liberties has not stepped up to the plate for competing. In the last 6 months, my visits to El Camino have had staff getting my orders wrong, inconsistency in the drinks, and the food has had to be sent back a few times - an example: I once bit into a shrimp burrito to find the tails had been left on the shrimp (just not the standards they used to have). It is deeply unfortunate that the owners have let this place go. Don't waste your time at El Camino, go spend your money somewhere else.My friends and I had a great time at ECR on a Thursday night. We got exactly what we were looking for-- a place to down some drinks and eat some tasty low-key food. The menu's variety was appreciated by vegetarians and carnivores alike. Our waitress was super friendly and fully attentive--kept the drinks coming at the perfect pace. I thoroughly enjoyed my shrimp taco salad--wasn't amazing, but hey, it's a taco salad. 
If I lived near ECR, I would definitely be a regular.The food was tasty: I had the pig wings to start off and then the fried buttermilk chicken sandwich as my main meal. However, service was slow. We had a hard time ordering new drinks and getting refills. I wish I knew the servers name, but overall a pretty sweet spot.Ugh, oh my god.
OH MY GOD.
I am obsessed with this place (and it is slightly out of my price range -- ie, 10$ meals are slightly out of my price range -- and that KILLS ME).
I have been there twice.  I wish I could say I have been there eighty thousand times.
On my first trip, I got the shrimp burrito.  I didn't realize that burritos other than the "gringo burritos" are actually very small.  However, the shrimp burrito had AMAZING flavors (garlic mayo, tomatoes, fried chicken skins!!), and I only wish I had six more of them to keep tasting that deliciousness.  I ordered an endless chips and salsa to fill up, and the red salsa is fantastic, as are the chips.  They have very good seasoning and something faintly cheesy.
On my second trip, my friends and I ordered a pitcher of margaritas and fried pickles.  The margaritas don't stretch too far but fuck are they strong.  The fried pickles were fantastic, and the spicy mayo they're served with is literally the perfect counterbalance to their acidity.
Then, I got the fried chicken sandwich.
JUST DO IT.  A piece of fried chicken bigger than my hand, a fluffy sesame seed bun, tons of delicious mayo, a huge plate of fries, fresh bibb lettuce.  Oh god, I can't.
JUST GO.
(Re: service; I have been when they are incredibly busy, and the waitress was not very attentive.  Totally forgiven, as the food got to us at reasonable times.  Also, have I mentioned how fucking GOOD this place is?  Just scuttle over.)This is a great place to get a bite to eat. I went here with a girl I was seeing and the hostess was friendly. We had to only wait 15 minutes for a table outside since it was a nice night out. The waiter was a friendly and attentive toward us. The food came out very fast, so I was happy since I was starving. The Chronic was a messy sandwhich, but freakin delicious! Any sandwhich with mac n cheese on it is an instant win right there!So, being from Texas, I cannot tell you how stoked I was to hear about this place. I was so stoked in fact, that I actually squealed a little bit when my friend told me about it. I have been a bit homesick lately(especially because I have not had a breakfast taco in 2 weeks) and was excited to hear about somewhere that might make me feel a little bit at home. 
Well, here it goes:
Salsa- Uh, hmmm. We don't serve Pico De Gallo as salsa back home. It is usually to spice up a taco, or burrito, or taco salad or something. They also served verde salsa. Both were not bad, kinda tasty actually. Just not what I know as Tex-Mex.
Burritos- I ordered the Carnitas. They were good, but kind of small for 10 bucks. More like a taco than anything. I will try the enchiladas next time(oh yes, there will be a next time).
Taco salad-(my friend ordered this) HUGE. And my friend loved it, she got it with shrimp.
Margaritas- Not bad. Not bad at all. And only $5!!!
Also, Sunday-Thursday, they have half-priced draught beers and margaritas from 10pm-midnight. Can I get a what what?
So all in all, it was an OK experience. The waitress was a little too distant for my liking, when we were done eating, she just brought us the check.  I kind of wanted another margarita, but felt we were being rushed out of the door.I don't often (or ever) write reviews. But this experience was so bad, and I was so disappointed. I've eaten here dining in a couple times and the food is good. However, this time I asked for delivery through a third party. I just got the food about 10 minutes ago and it's mostly inedible. I ordered seitan tacos, veggie wings (was very excited about these based on reviews), jalepeno poppers, and plantains. From the time the third party service picked up my food and delivered it (based on notifications), about forty minutes had passed. The wings are rubbery and I can barely chew them, the plantains are SMOTHERED in oil so that you can't taste anything else, the jalepeno poppers are really dry and the breading has a distinct "old" taste to it and didn't come with the jam it's described with (I'm a big proponent of side sauces), and the tacos are falling apart and don't have any of the modifications I asked for (add jalepeno and extra salsa on side), although they are good in taste otherwise (hence the extra star). To boot, the order didn't come with any napkins or utensils. For forty dollars, this meal is extremely disappointing and I feel like I wasted money. I'm eating what I can of the tacos and calling it a day.Disappointing because i had high hopes from some of the reviews posted here.  I had the chicken/bacon tacos and they were bland. For a place claiming mexican food I expected some flavor, seasoning, spice or heat...something.  Place isn't really so much a restaurant.  It's more of a bar that serves food.  I also had plantains.....they looked like plantains but surely didn't taste like the plantains i'm familiar with.  Being married to a hispanic male I know what plantains are supposed to taste like.  However, the pickle chips were really good.  Best I've had.  Being that the food was not expensive at all at least I know I didn't overpay for something that was less than mediocre.  Waitress was nice but watching a drunk couple making out at the bar, right by our table, at 5 in the afternoon wasn't exactly the ambiance i was hoping for.Oh, how I wish we could do half stars.  This place doesn't quite deserve 4 stars.
I decided to try El Camino Real on a Tuesday night since it's impossible to get a table on a weekend (see my review of Bar Ferdinand). 
Walking in last night ECR immediately endeared itself to me.  Cibo Matto was playing! Throughout the whole night there was a super fun mix of 80's and 90's music. It was great. Of course it's neither Mexican or Texan, but great nonetheless.  We are in Philly, after all.  I even got the pleasure of watching a server dance like M.C. Hammer. 
The food was delicious.  The pig wings are a stellar idea. Their blue cheese is super strong. The pig wings aren't spicy at all, just wonderfully cooked. My friend and I ordered the brisket sandwich and the short rib sandwich.  We both joked about how the kitchen seemed to throw whatever toppings they felt like on the sandwiches.  The sandwiches are huge, thanks in part to the thick sliced toast. None of the sauces were very hot, but the fries are super spicy. I eventually gave up trying to eat them. 
The place has a great selection of drinks and food.  It's really hard to decide what to order if it's your first time there. The service was decent, if a little slow towards the end.  
The reason I really want to under-rate ECR is how our leftovers were handled. My friend and I both asked to have our food wrapped up.  We each had half of a sandwich, a plate full of fries, and sauce. So the server packs it up, puts it in a plastic bag and places it all next to my friend.  Now, I think I need to state two things.  One, I was in the bathroom when my friend asked to have the food packed up so I don't really know if something was said and misunderstood. Two, my friend is male and I am female (and super pretty! just kidding). But you can imagine my surprise when we get back to my place and attempt to divvy up the food. 
They use the foil containers that fold over a cardboard top. So they aren't super easy to open and close. The first container is our sauces in two plastic containers. Weird, and annoying since it's a waste of packaging.  The second container was only fries.  Both of our fries, combined! The third container was the top piece of bread to each of our sandwiches.  And finally, the fourth was the bottoms to our sandwiches. I'm not sure why our server decided to combine our meals in so intimate a way.  Maybe he assumed we were a couple and heading to the same place?  Even so, that's pretty brazen, and totally out of the norm. 
The place is so popular on Yelp, I really wanted to love it. But in the end, I was just weirded out by their packaging of the leftovers.  Weird.Awesome service, great staff and amazing food. My new favorite spot.  I walked in got sitting right away by a friendly staff. The waiter was super nice and continued to check on my table the entire time. Oh! And let's not forget I received my food super fastI don't know what it is about this place, but I love being able to come anytime of day- happy hour, brunch, dinner, snacks- and find something on the menu that I want and that tastes amazing. $10 pitchers of classic margaritas for happy hour? Out of this world. Dinner filled with wings, pork butt, and fries? Couldn't believe anyone would make food so tender, it was that good.
Today I went back for brunch. Our server was a bit slower and awkward, but I don't even care because the food is so amazing. I got the fried chicken and biscuits, and my boyfriend got the brisket hash. Both were cooked perfectly, mine was crunchy and covered in gravy. The side salad they gave me was incredible and balanced out the meal perfectly. His brisket hash was tender and the potatoes were cooked just right.
I don't know what they're doing in that kitchen back there, but you better believe I'm gonna keep coming back here over. And over. And over.Food was good. I got the veggie wings. If you like spicy vegan food, order these! My friend got a chicken sandwich. It look really good too. The waitress was kind of rude. I think she was upset because we were seated in her section an hour before closing. We had no utensils and when I asked her for some to eat some of my appetizer with, she looked annoyed and mumbled under her breath: "Typically, utensils come out with the food." I didn't apreciate that, so that's why I'm giving 3 stars. Great food and drinks though at a good price!I gave this place 1 star only because I had to.  I had the worst margarita ever and dont order the beans & rice with your entree...YUCK!!!!i just read the latest review and i completely agree. dont go in if its busy. the past two times i was there i had horrible service. one waitress i had was so stressed about working all day she was straight up nasty. it made everyone uncomfortable and ruined our mood. i get REALLY stressed at work too, but i never get nasty. im on an el camino break as well.El Camino has never done me wrong! I'v been here on Saturday nights and I've been here during the day on a Monday before. Completely two different worlds. If you're coming on a Saturday be prepared to wait, BUT it's always worth the wait. You usually can swing a seat at the bar while you wait and if you do I highly recommend their house margarita the El Camino or their jalapeo margarita! Both are equally as good, but if you're looking for some spice the jalapeo is right up your alley! Monday is way different. You usually can just walk right in and sit down anywhere. Service is always on point.
Everything I have ever ordered from El Camino has always been excellent. My two favorites would be the Shrimp Quesadillas or the Texas Cobb Salad. I get the Cobb salad without pork or bacon. It's seriously so yummy. The Shrimp Quesadillas run at about $12 and for how much filling is in the actual quesadilla it's a great price. Also they put a chipotle sauce on top and it's the perfect final touch to a great meal! 
Last but not least they have $1 endless chips every day. I like to pair that up with their guacamole for an appetizer. I would totally recommend El Camino Real for anyone in the Northern Liberties area.Sooooo I've been here a million times before i turned horribly lactose intolerant and could eat cheese and burritos. Well, today I learned that 1. there are no cheese substitutes and 2. Despite being carried as a Mexican restaurant, it is a BBQ place. Right. So I got the BBQ half chicken and it was NOT BBQ. Not at all. BBQ should taste smoked, the skin be seasoned etc. Tonight I had s half BAKED chicken that had NO BBQ sauce and was dry as the desert. Oh and I got a side of potato salad and it was like potato soup. Super awful. I wish I could show u a pic of the bones vs. the actual un-BBQ chicken. Let's just say if u have a favorite here, stick to it. *super disappointed*This was by far the worst experience I had at a restaurant in Philadelphia in my 5 years of living here. I came with my friend on a Tuesday evening because I heard this place is great for vegetarians. We ordered the chips and salsa, jalapeno mac n cheese and, the spinach and mushroom quesadilla. When the quesadilla arrived, I smelled the quesadilla and it smelled fishy. I immediately opened up the quesadilla and found all shrimp in the quesadilla. By this time my vegetarian friend already put a bite in her mouth and subsequently frantically spit it out. We asked the waiter to come back, he replaced the quesadilla and the second one had its own issued because they did not make the alterations we asked for. When we got the bill - the manager tried to explain she "comp-ed" us for the quesadilla and did not charge us for the one with shrimp in it (the item we never ordered). The manager continued to argue with us for 5-7 minutes and did not understand how unacceptable it was to charge someone for a) something they didn't order b) be so insensitive for giving meet to a lifelong vegetarian. After continuous arguing the manager stormed off and said she would remove the quesadilla from the bill. Two things to note about the restaurant. 1) management was awful 2) the food was mediocre at best.Food was unbelievable. Cool setting, and great service to boot. I had "the chronic" which was a pulled pork and Mac and cheese wrap, followed by the best desert I think I've ever had. I literally almost cried when I took the last bite of my s'mores bread pudding....yes, you read that correct, smores bread pudding. Highly recommendedI love it here! The food is always good and the ambience is great.  The cheese enchiladas are the best I've ever had. I also love the nacho appetizer.The food is great, but honestly they might have the worst service in the city. Be prepared for an excessively long wait to be seated, when half the restaurant is empty and even longer waits to order and receive your food. Endless chips and salsa? More like one round and then you don't see your server again til 45 minutes later when your entree arrives. Despite the god awful service, I continue to come here, so I guess they're doing something right.We love it here.. Lauren you're our girl!! Everything is delicious and Margs are on point.Cinco de Mayo was probably not the best day to get the full experience, but here you go anyway.
I'm not a drinker, so can't comment on the drinks -- however, my friends commented that the margaritas were fairly strong.  The complimentary chips and salsa are darned good, and the steak burritos I ordered for dinner were pretty tasty.  Tried my girlfriend's mac and cheese, and it was two steps above KD, plus it was served in a cute little faux-iron cauldron.  Fries are deliciously crispy and seasoned.
Service was decently attentive, though we had to flag him down to put our food order in, plus we had to pitch our voices to be heard over the ambient noise.
The place is a little on the rugged side; a couple of small critters flying around our food, which really detracted from the appeal of the place.  Seating can be a bit cramped at the long tables, which means it was hard for our group to get into their seats (musical chairs, anyone?).Food is delicious. The veggie wings are out of this world. Worth the wait if there is one, but usually you get right in. Definitely check it out.I came across El Camino Real randomly. My gf and I we're wandering around the Piazza looking for a new brunch spot, and figured it was worth trying.
The place has a distinct Southwestern/Mexican vibe, giving it a unique atmosphere in a city where many places are carbon-copied from each other. I especially liked the Cinco De Mayo themed artwork in the windows.
First, a few minor service hiccups. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful, but would sometimes take our coffee for refill before we were finished. I'm thinking of that scene in Coffee & Cigarettes, "...I just got it the way I like it." The wait for our food also seemed long considering how few people were there. I don't know if that had to do with the complexity of our food, but it did seem like others were getting their food out quicker. Finally, the eggs were not how I requested. I always like eggs to be runny when I eat hash, but mine were cooked hard. (Not that it killed the meal)
Now, the food- excellent. We started with the Ugly Donuts, tossed in cinnamon - a sweet and satisfying way to start the meal. Mary got the chicken quesadilla, at the server's suggestion. Quesadillas are generally hard to screw up, but rarely do I have one that actually makes me take note and say, "Wow, that is really good!" Of course, I had to say this through sips of cold water, as the jalapenos are intense, but it had to be said. Finally, I recieved my brisket hash, with my eggs, corn and peppers. I still have my leftovers here and I'm enjoying them as I type this.
And you know what else is great? The prices. All this for under $30. That made my day.
This was originally going to be a 3-star rating, but now that I think of it, it was at least a 4-star meal. I would absolutely return here. It makes me want to tear down the local Taco Bell and put this in its place.I've been going to El Camino since it opened up the chronic never disappoints all of their food is amazing and the tacos to die forThe best part of any Mexican restaurant is the guac. El Camino's guac and chips are horrendus. The chips are spicy due to whatever spice they sprinkle on it and on top that it's too salty Their guac is watered down and the texture isn't that great. It's mush. 
They do have great HH Margarita specials although I tend to shy away from them because they're very VERY very strong. Great hang out spot in the summer but gets too crowded.Read Catherine L.'s review - and my sentiments are echoed.
A close friend and I came here  for dinner.  When we had trouble finding the place (we were at the "A Full Plate" end of Liberties walk, we called on the phone and a nice man came out to get us and walked us over.  This, alas, was the best part of the meal.  Things got progressively worse and worse.
First we were seated (inside - at our request) and our drink order was taken by a clearly overworked, spread-too-thin male server (who was very nice and tried his best - 3 stars for him).
After taking our meal order we waited, and waited, and waited...
And waited some more...
And finally asked harried server to please bring our chips and salsa (as he had just brought some to another table nearby).  We were starvin'!
The smoky salsa and salsa verde arrive - in hot bowls "fresh from the d/w" and thus we had warm salsa.  Yech.  And the salty chips were "chipettes" (or to be mean - crumbs.)  smashed to smithereens.
OK, things aren't so great - but we await our entrees.
Wow - Impressive looking - I order a single beef shortrib and feel like Fred Flintstone.  This thing is HUGE.   Gi-normous!  Like a brontosaurus rib.  Alas - there is no sauce.  My friend orders an "OK" pair of Chicken burritos that are no better than Qdoba.  
So here's the kicker...  About 3/4 through the entrees, frantic server appears again with a six-pack of sauce.  He gives me a bottle of HOT and a bottle of SWEET.  I pour out a bit of the sweet onto my plate (disregarding the crust around the rim of the squeez bottle) and dip my meat in.  UGH!!!  Racidity Central.
The HOT sauce is not rancid - and has a nice flavor but it just to hot for me.
My appetite is now officially GONE.
And shortly thereafter, so were we.  I will not return.
Such a disappointment.When John mentioned that Jennifer from Top Chef used to work here, I got super excited. Google showed me that it wasn't the contestant I'd been thinking of, but I was still curious enough to want to try the place. The wait was close to 45 minutes as estimated, and we eventually got a small table by the window. For lack of supply our table wasn't equipped with the same set of hot sauces as the neighboring tables. Margarita flavors of the day were strawberry or mango, and a pitcher of the latter pleasantly sloshed us by the end of dinner.
I was sad to see that their menu online hadn't been updated with the recent changes. While I understand that it's a pain to keep stock for a vegetarian ingredient that isn't present in any other dishes, I'd been really looking forward to the cactus and sweet potato burrito. Which reminds me, I haven't seen a neighborhood so vegetarian-friendly in a long time. John was gung-ho about what appetizers we were going to get, so I let him take charge of those while I picked out our entrees. Given the amount of food we were about to indulge in, we opted to pass on the endless chips and salsa. As strongly as his roommate recommended the barbecue, I was pretty realistic about our consumption of food and chalked the pork belly off for a later visit.
I've never seen fried pickle chips cut so thick (a hefty quarter-inch), and the texture was right on the border between cuke and pickle. The spicy chili mayo it came with was an okay pairing, nothing special. Of everything on our table it was the least spectacular, and as a result it was the only thing we left unfinished.
The single order of veggie wings with ranch sauce arrived at the same time as the other app. Celery and carrot sticks were acceptably fresh, though the celery was the lower quality of the two. The seitan was sliced thin and fried to crisps before tossed in buffalo wing sauce. An interesting plate that I was content to eat, but definitely takes an open-minded palate to appreciate. Not sure that I'd get this again, but I'd be tempted to make this at home if I went herbivore.
Since the shrimp and chorizo burritos each came as a pair, we traded our spares to share the entree experience. The radish slices were nice to have, but I was unimpressed by the jicama cabbage slaw. I think my main criticism is that the tortillas tasted straight out of the package. I would've enjoyed each bite more had an attempt been made to lightly grill the wrappers. The chorizo was my favorite of the two; instead of pineapple, it's now served with roasted red potatoes that give it a fantastic rustic flavor. The wedge lime lightened the heaviness of the burrito, and I could totally picture this as an amazing breakfast burrito if scrambled egg were included. The shrimp burrito tasted of very fresh ingredients, but citrus wasn't present enough to make the seafood really pop. Sadly, this made the room-temperature tortilla overwhelm the light flavor of the shrimp.
Service was friendly enough to come by to top off our glasses for us despite the packed crowd and the pitcher being right there for our own dispensation. Two bathrooms behind the ATM/cigarette machines, surprisingly clean and tagged with random graffiti that actually fits right in with the feel of the place. The art on the windows made me smile, and the hubbub was too noisy for me to make out the TVs by the bar. I'd be interested in coming back at least one more time for food, and I'd definitely come back for boozing.My friends and I came early on a Saturday night and waited for the strongly desired outdoor picnic styled seats. One hour and a half was the price we had to pay but it was just time spent at the bar....no biggie. Margaritas, yes please! A pitcher? Um, heck yes! 
Once we had our seats, there is no rush to leave. It's a priceless spot to drink and eat among friends outside on a warm night with chips and salsa to get started. Everyone always likes the salsa.
I tried a fried pickle with a side sauce app and thought it was a nice cross between crunchy, sour and creamy (sauce). Friends liked jalapeo poppers but another round pitchers of house margaritas was the favorite. Less appealing was the vegetarian tacos because the overall taste was missing the yum factor. Other taco styles felt more love with my friends.
Overall, we keep coming back despite the crowds, vicious parking or busy street area. Oh and did I mention the margaritas?!El Camino is in Northern Liberties by the Piazza and in my opinion, a better option than Dos Segundos (the other Mexican restaurant close by the Piazza). They have outside seating and the atmosphere if the inside is pretty much the same as any other Mexican restaurant. 
The reason I give El Camino 5 stars is because of their drinks and food. They have great mojitos, one of the best I have had and decent margaritas. Our bartender was pretty good and attentive to us. We didn't order any entree items but got a few apps and their guacamole and chips was incredible. We also had jalapeno poppers were really spicy and I wasn't a fan, but my friend loved them. Just the mojito and guacamole were so good alone that I would become a regular at El Camino for.This is 1 of my favorite restaurants! I've been here numerous times, and every person I bring loves it. The queso fundito is amazing! You get good food portions at a reasonable price. I highly recommend this restaurant!I love the food here, everything is good. The seitan hot wings are to die for. The cactus burrito, the bbq sandwich this list goes on. My only complaint is for a place so amazing the guacamole you get with chips is a skippy portion for what you are paying. I've never had a complaint with the service. The drinks are good, this place gets crowded on the weekend nights and is very noisy so be aware if you are not into that.Camino is an average place, in an average part of town. We tried their mac and cheese, spiced wings, and fried pickles. Everything was average- not bad; not great. Most likely won't come back.I visited this establishment for a birthday, and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was jam packed on a warm Saturday night, but that's always to be expected. 
The food we ordered came promptly, and in huge portions. It was really flavorful and definitely worth any wait at the door (we had reservations I believe). Service was a bit slow and forgetful, but never rude or unpleasant. It also is rather loud, I think due to its tiny floor space.
Out of the many Mexican places in Philly, this tops my list. The food was great, and the service, while lacking at times, is still better than most others I've encountered. If you love Mexican, this is definitely worth a visit!The place looks like a really great place to have some Tex-Mex. I didn't have a chance to have any food there, but I did stop in for a drink. The service and ambiance were great. It looked like a cool spot for happy hour and appetizers. My margarita, however, wasn't very good, which was pretty disappointing since it seems like that's probably something a place like this should specialize in. But they did seem to have a lot of drink options at their two bars, so I'll have to stop in for dinner and update my review.This place is awesome. Stopped in for a lunch meeting and got the Spinach and Mushroom Quesadilla, added Chicken. It was great. Quac was on point too.  
Only giving 4 stars because my soda didn't get refilled. :(Was excited to go here because of its location but I ended up getting food poisoning after and was throwing up all night. I know this was the cause because it was the only thing I ate since breakfast so about a 6 hour window. Then got sick about 1 hour after eating. Also, nachos were the weirdest and worst I ever had. Truly disappointed.Maybe we got lucky with the server, but the litany of complaints about the service didn't reflect a recent Friday night experience. 
Endless chips and salsa, plus side o' guacamole, came out fast and were joined by a couple of fine craft brews (small but good selection). The guac, pico de gallo and salsa verde were all good, and they rub a bit of spice on the chips for extra kick, which was a nice touch. Is there a better app for $4 within a 3-mile radius? Probably not, but you tell me.
As others have noted, the burritos aren't what many of us are used to. This isn't a Mission-style torpedo weighing in at 5 pounds, exploding out of the foil with a delectable mess of beans, rice, guac, sour cream plus the meat of your choice. No, it's not that at all. But that's okay. I didn't have any trouble embracing, then devouring, the two svelte carnitas-filled and un-grilled tortillas. I dressed 'em up in the guac and salsa and had no complaints. And I didn't even miss the overstuffed feeling that comes as the secret side with burritos gordos. 
My vegan buddy had the veggie wings that everyone raves about, and the BBQ seitan. I tried them both, and liked them, but taking my advice on vegetarian/vegan food is really a waste of all of our time, Mr. Spicoli. So take it from Vegan Mike: he loves them.  
Excellent service throughout: attentive but not rushed. I don't know how some people got duped or upsold on the $5 rice and beans side. I know these are usually in the burrito, but the menu lists them separately with the price and indicates that they aren't ingredients in the burrito, so it was clear to me. Ambiance was nice and vibrant, and even though the place was busy, we got a booth right away. 
I'm trying to think of cons, but there really weren't any, so I'll be visiting again. And I'm looking at you, tequila selection.Great Place. Great food. Awesome menu.  If your not into sitting close to people this might not be for you, its close seating, but great atmosphere. fun staff. beer could've been a little colder. might have just been that night. would definitely go back.This place is good. 
I wouldn't say it's great. 
But it is pretty good.
The margaritas are great, however.
I tried the seitan bbq, and I had three sides of I think baked beans, potato salad, and coleslaw. The slaw was really tasty and fresh and crunchy. I loved the potato salad, I think there was bacon it in. I do not remember.
Also, I must add that I am a pickle HATER. I hate those evil spawn of cucumbers so hard. However, my bf got the pickle chips and made me try them after a few margaritas and they are reallllly good. 
A+ on the making the pickles more appealing to us haters. 
I will definitely be back.I tried ECR today for lunch, this meant ordering from the smaller but still quite extensive brunch menu.  The service was attentive and very pleasant and I really enjoyed chatting briefly with the peripatetic, friendly, and all around very cool chef, Jen Zavala (she toured with one of my favorite bands, Pantera).  While the jalapeo "poppers" were not listed on the brunch menu, the kitchen was kind enough to let us order some - I wish I had ordered many more!  Beautifully coated and delectably stuffed, the heat of these fresh beauties went perfectly with the sweet apricot-pepper jam as accompaniment.  
We then tried the chili and a side order of chorizo - both were not really to our taste.  While the chili was full of nicely cooked pieces of meat, it completely lacked any genuine chili flavor and tasted instead like tomato soup.  The chorizo was strangely bland - I ended up dunking it in the assertively spicy barbecue sauce that accompanied my St. Louis ribs.  As for the ribs, I liked the texture of the meat but for the life of me could not detect any tell-tale signs of their purported cooking method - by smoke (the reddish-pink uniform ring around each bone or a smoky redolence).  Good none-the-less, thickly covered with the above-mentioned spicy sauce and eaten with straightforward red cabbage slaw.  I was less intrigued by the brisket sandwich, a few pieces of (Wagyu) beef coated in baked beans on bread (the beans made the bread rather soggy),  but liked the Wagyu beef hash. 
Talking about Wagyu beef:  why does almost every joint in town list Wagyu beef on the menu these days?  Yes, I like a thick prime ribeye of Wagyu perfectly seared and believe it is worth the price - but pieces of little pieces of Wagyu slathered in baked beans or buried in hash browns and eggs - what's the point?  
At the end of our brunch, I was a little tired of the blaring and chipper 50s sound track but I intend to go back to ECR to give their larger BBQ selection on the regular menu a try.  The service and the lovely chef deserve that.3 1/2 stars, really.
I can't say 2 or 3 stars due to: strong margaritas, awesome happy hour specials, great service, and the fact that food portions are really quite large and filling for the price.
I can't say 4 or 5 stars due to: sloppy presentation, $6 upcharge if you want your margarita frozen (?!), browned limes, and that fact that we ordered a Mango margarita for a $2 upcharge and it came out tasting absolutely nothing like mango.
The menu is VERY big and split between 2 cuisines, which is always a nice touch: Mexican and BBQ.  I will most likely probably never order Mexican food from here, since it's along the same lines of Cantina where you're overpaying for non-authentic and bland food.  However, I'm kicking myself for not getting the unlimited chips and salsa since I hear good things.  We opted to start with the grilled Mexican corn, which was very, very tasty with a delicious crema and scallions on top, but the parmesan cheese wasn't really melted on there and looked unappetizing on the plate (read before re: sloppy presentation).  The limes on the plate were browning, which is always a turn off, but whatever.
We ordered a pitcher of classic mango margarita on the rocks. I was excited because one thing Cantina does have going for it is the margaritas, so I assumed this place would taste like that- where the mango is infused in the flavor.  Not one bit.  It was a decent margarita, don't get me wrong, but it just tasted like the basic lime flavor.  The bottom was more yellow, so we were hoping that by the time we got there, it would taste more like mango, which it didn't.  What it did have were hundreds of tiny specks of mango chunks, just small enough to not pick out of the drink and irritating enough to make me wonder why they didn't use a strainer to get the bits out before they served it.  Luckily, it was damn strong and rendered roughly 3 glasses for each of us, so totally worth it (especially at half price for happy hour).  Just stick to the classic flavors and you'll be set.  
FYI: the glasses they served us with salt were only like a quarter covered in salt, rather than brimming with it.  The limes on our glasses were also browning.
For entrees, I ordered the Texas cheesesteak off the regular menu and the BF ordered a Texas cheeseburger with bacon, onion rings & BBQ sauce off the discounted happy hour food menu.  Both were very tasty and filling and served with seasoned fries that sort of tasted like BBQ chip seasoning.  My cheesesteak was giant with pretty tender ribeye and served on a really fresh roll and smothered in a delicious cheese sauce, fried onions, and deep fried jalapenos for a kick.  The smoked ketchup on the side was VERY smoky, but grew on me throughout the meal and paired really nicely with the sandwich.  The burger was also very good and served on a nice big bun, but my BF said it really didn't need the onion rings, since they turned to mush under the weight of everything.
BONUS: I didn't even realize until after the fact you could order any of the sandwiches in a toasted wrap form, which is always a good option.
The meal before tip was under $50 after all was said and done and I had a buzz, so I'd say it's definitely worth the trip during happy hour.
Overall, I would still love to come back here for those bangin' happy hour specials alone, as well as try the infamous Chronic sandwich and MAYBE fajitas or quesadillas if I'm feeling adventurous.  
PRO TIP: If you love dogs, come here to dog-watch.  There was a pug at the table next to me and plenty of Fishtown pups being walked through the Piazza.The shrimp tacos and chicken quesadillas are really good! The margaritas are also really good. They are usually short staffed so the wait time is long on the weekends.Great bartender and best nachos I've had in a long time !!!! Will be coming back in the summer such a great crowd and I would like to try more food .The margarita and the bartender was great !I've been to El Camino Real three times, once for brunch and twice for dinner, and I can't say that the quality has been consistent.
The first time, for dinner, the service was INCREDIBLY slow. We waited forever for the waiter to greet us at our table. The food took an extremely long time and the bar took even longer. We didn't even get our margaritas until after we got our appetizer, and to make up for it, the waiter said he'd knock off the $2.50 charge for our chips and salsa (which, in my opinion, should already be free like in almost any other Mexican restaurant I've been to. Still, the place had just opened and I attributed the slow service to growing pains. My burrito was excellent.
The second time I went was for brunch. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant so the service was quicker, and the food was delicious. But the waiter brought us the wrong check and it took way longer than it should have to straighten it out.
The third time I went, for dinner again, our waitress was quick, efficient and friendly. But my brisket sandwich was essentially a slab of fat on a roll. Inedible.
So, in conclusion, the staff is friendly but sometimes slow, and the Mexican food is great but I won't be trying their BBQ menu again.Great Place. I live across the street, so it's my go to place.
I go there for the barbecue, burgers, and most definitely the PIG WINGS.  Great food at a reasonable price.  I do think the tacos and burritos are a little better at Dos Segundo's, however.  So if you are an anal uptight foodie, go to Dos.  But Camino has great bang for the buck, and a great staff!Temporarily a vegetarian and was recommended this place for their highly-rated veggie wings. The veggie wings definitely didn't disappoint - for the most part. Unfortunately, most of my plate was dominated by a gargantuan seitan block that was kind of a bummer. I really like the wing-sized pieces because, you know, they're easy to eat, like wings. I wasn't expecting to have to cut up a seitan block the size of a fist. Obviously flavor was pretty bland and I was a bit disappointed.
Also, the service left a lot to be desired, but I hear it's hit or miss.
My cowboy coffee (coffee, Kahlua, bourbon)  was pretty righteous, though, and was just what I needed for a hungover Saturday afternoon. If I get the chance, I'll come back again for sureThis is without a doubt my new hot spot for happy hour.  Half price margaritas (coming in at $2.50 for a regular margarita) has to be the best deal in town.  
I would recommend El Camino for drinks and bar food more so than a meal.  The fried pickles were great, as were the chips and salsa.  My tuna burrito was alright, nothing to write home about.  My husband got the chronic and said it was delicious.
If you are looking for authentic Mexican food, look elsewhere my friends.  El Camino is basically a super fun spot for a tex mex themed happy hour.  But, those half price margaritas will make a repeat customer out of me!My. Fav. Mexican. Joint. 
I love El Caminos! The decor is awesome. The location is great. The drinks are great! Love their half off margaritas during happy hour. And PIG WINGS. Need I say more? Go try yourself some pig wings, it will change your life! Really great place to go with friends.Hands down my favorite place to eat in Philly, I sure am going to miss it when I move. My fiance and come here at least once a week, if not more. I'm by no means a vegetarian but the only thing I order when I go to El Camino is the veggie wings, they are just so damn good! Also you can't beat the half price margaritas during happy hour.El Camino is a typical NL hipster spot. My sister LOVES Mexican food (I don't), so we took her there for her going away party. When we came in the restaurant, we were told there would be a 35 minutes wait. Ok cool. We go over to the bar and order some drinks. My other sister orders a virgin pina colada, but the bartender didn't hear the virgin part. When we asked for a new drink, the bartender was visibly annoyed and tried to argue with us. He ended up making a new drink but had SO much attitude about it.
We finally sat down at our table. I ordered the veggie wings and fries, and they were both gross. The wing sauce wasn't great and the fries were cold and not crispy at all. My sister ordered a burrito and it was just ok. My Mom and middle sister (the meat eaters) said that the smoked wings were good. I really liked the guac and salsa. 
Our waitress was pleasant but really slow. I generally try to avoid Northern Liberties and this experience doesn't make me wanna venture back anytime soon.Yum yum yum! After watching 5 hours of Food Network on Sunday, nothing was going to satisfy my appetite but I have to say I am pleasantly pleased with El Camino. 
The potato and cactus burritos are the perfect portion (or perfect to share as a snack) and are SO good! I also had some of the gringo burrito. I have definitely had better burritos especially since this one was a little dry. 
The service was great and I'll definitely be back for drinks and to try something from the "Texas" part of the menu.Best beef brisket I have ever had.  Melted in my mouth.  Hipster servers and high prices keep me from rating it top notch, but it is worth trying if you are starving for great brisket.Came for Malik, stayed for the food. Pig wings are fun good and filling. Sangria is quick and easy. Music is old school. Probably more Tex than Mex, but the margaritas don't have that Houston splash of everclear on top. Oh well.Great tacos, delicious wings, and hospitable staff makes El Camino worth going back to. 
 I had the Carnitas tacos and I must say, this is the best Canitas soft tacos I've ever had. The meat was succulent and tender. I took one bite and I was hooked, it was glorious to the max. I also had the pig wings and it was amazing as well. Crispy on outside and tender and juicy on the inside. YUM.
 I would've given this place a 5 stars but the waiting list was long when I went there and the bathroom was really messy. You would think they would have separate bathrooms for men and women but they are both unisex. 
 Aside from long wait and messy bathroom, I had a great experience with their food and I would definitely for anyone who wants to have their Mexican food fix.One of my favorite places in Philly. From the ribs (which you should order dry rubbed) to the brisket sandwich (which you should get as a wrap) to perfectly seasoned fries and chips, there's no end to the great choices at El Camino.my boyfriend and i treat ourselves to brunch here from time to time and hardly ever have complaints about the service or food. i think that at certain times of day on the weekend they can appear a bit understaffed, so the servers are busy helping others, but i wouldn't call that bad service. the drinks are strong, they have a great beer selection, and the ambiance isn't too crazy around lunchtime (great music selection too).
the food portions are HUGE, and i highly recommend the cracky. it's a bbq sandwich which usually come on texas toast, but they can also wrap it in a flour tortilla....yum!
i've seen them have great food and drink specials during philadelphia sports teams events, so call and find out if the flyers or eagles are playing.
also, as a texan here in philly, i take a little offense that the whole "texas bbq" thing has people shying away from the sauces....they add so much flavor!So the drinks were strong, I'll be back for there happy hour. But the food was expensive and they overcharged for every little add on. It was delicious so not do much coplaining there. I had the brisket burrito and was very pleased. The mac & cheese yummy. Our server was attentive and pleasant. The hostess that sat us! That's another story she tried to seat us at a table 2 inches from another couple. It's the table you only seat if there's nothing left. There were 8 open tables around us. When I asked for another table because we were about to have a private discussion, she huffed and rolled her eyes. This is the first face of your business. Blonde bob was rude and unpleasantI reviewed El Camino about 2 years ago and I have to say my perspective on this place has changed tremendously. From a bad first experience to giving it another try and now it is one of our top go-to places! 
The ambiance is great! good vibe, servers are quick and friendly. The classic margaritas is one of my favorite. I remember reviewing it before and saying I wish they would add more alcohol in it. Giving it another try o' they add just the right amount where I started feeling buzz off of one full glass. The complimentary chips and dip is delicious! if you want unlimited chips and dip it'll $1/person. The grilled Mexican corn is amazing! something about the lime cilantro aioli on a grilled corn just makes my taste buds happy lol but other then that the food is great and portion is even better! price is super reasonable!
They have an okay beer selection, they should look into adding some more hard cider to the menu, they only had one which is the "Angry Orchard Cider" one of my favorite.I am a fan of El Camino.   Quite often you can find me there on a Friday night after a show.  They have a pretty good selection of food there and the portions are healthy.  (Although I could always use a bit more Mac and Cheese.)   The service isn't always spot on... they don't always have enough people on staff on busy nights.    However they have recently placed TV's in the back room so... there is something to watch.  I'm looking foward to the late Phillies games next year.
The staff is friendly and recognize us when we stroll in.   In the past they've had some rude staff, but it looks like they've all been let go.    Now...whenever there is a slight problem, they strive pretty hard to fix it. 
If you haven't gone there... check it out.
And Rachel W. is correct, they do have great Margaritas.Overall my experience at El Camino Real was pleasant, and I would recommend you try it out if you're in the neighborhood.  Nice selection of food, between the BBQ and Mexican.  I had the pork sandwich on texas toast, for 9 bucks I think, and it was very tasty, and the fries were really good as well.  Do beware of the BBQ sauce, they only had a choice of sweet or spicy, and choosing spicy was a mistake.  It literally burnt my mouth off, the hottest thing I have ever eaten.  I suggest to the chefs to offer more BBQ sauce selections.  Other than that it was a cute restaurant, with a fun atmosphere.