I will walk through rain, sleet, and snow to get to El Fuego when the mood strikes. I love the burrito bowls, their soup is fabulous on a cold day, and they will let me order only one taco if I feel like it.
The guys who run the shop are super friendly, too. My office has ordered a couple hundred tacos for an event and they delivered all of the supplied (just make sure you or someone you know rations this stuff out, it goes quick). I've also coordinated happy hours here: $2 tacos and $2 beers. Not bad!
This is a great place to get lunch to go, sit down and relax, and even host events here. Good food, good people, good vibes!The best burritos in Philly served by the best staff in Philly. This is the reason they just celebrated their 15th year serving Philly. Burritos, tacos, quesadillas and soup, they have it all.   I always get a burrito bowl and it is always so good. Everything is so fresh and served so fast. If you stop by and see a line all the way to the back of the restaurant, don't leave you will have your order in no time. It's always fresh and always fast.Writing a recommendation because that is what I look for when reading reviews 
El Fuego has the best shredded beef of all places I've tried...."never fails" order for me is naked burrito  (small tortillas on the side, so you can make another later with the large amount in the bowl)
White rice, black beans, shredded beef, lettuce, cheese, guac with mild and spicy salsa 
Mild is chunky with fresh diced tomatos & onion, spicy is flavorful. Now . ..... just wish they delivered!!!got a chorizo quesadilla here today. meh.
kind of saddened by lack of toppings (from what I saw).  the chorizo was pretty ok, kind of tough.  my friend got soft tacos.  so much water and so drippy.  very saddened :(Gotta love spontaneous Yelp finds :-)
El Fuego, bless you, for the freshness of your ingredients and the lovely Mexican sodas.  
I had a fascinating food adventure as it was my first time eating four tacos, each containing a different meat.  What a cool taco-making guy he was!  The adventure was also a risky one because I have not eaten a taco outside the comforts of my home (where I find tacos to be sacred) since...?  I do not regret any bite at El Fuego.  I just wish that the flavors were more like POW-POW.  No, I don't mean an elevated spicyness level (I'm a whimp anyway), but I mean perhaps, hmm, tacos whose tastes are not completely meaty?  Hmm, perhaps I also didn't have proper sides.
I will come back to prove myself wrong.Wonderful place to go for lunch, especially if you're in the area East of City Hall. Service is always courteous and quick. The food is consistently good. There is always soccer on the flatscreen TV. I've been going here for lunch for the past 9 years now and have always been satisfied. Hence the 5 stars.To me El Fuego is almost identical to Chipotle (right down to the red baskets). The food here is fresh and delicious, but not special enough to go out of your way for.I was a regular last year when I worked nearby... always a good place for a nice, fat, reasonably priced burrito.Easily the worst burrito I've ever had, the morons there don't know how to wrap and everything tasted sour.  Basically a super low quality Qdoba with less options and a higher price.This place just reminds me of another chipotle and qdoba... except not as good. The menu options are generally the same, but parts of my burrito were cold while others were hot. It was quite unappetizing.  Not really a place worth checking out.I'm a unhappy that they charge the same for a veggie burrito as one containing meat, and I sometimes find it comical how bad they are at rolling a burrito...
but the ingredients are fresh and tasty, the shop is cute, and this being Philadelphia, El Fuego is miles better than the competition.  Especially the competition right down the street...I've been to El Fuego for lunch about a half dozen times now. The place is almost always busy, yet my friends and I always manage to find a place to sit. The food is made super quick, and I've never waited in line more than 5 minutes or so (which is saying something, considering how long the lines are).
I really like the food. It tastes fresh and delicious, and I feel like I am getting my money's worth.
For a Center City lunch joint, you really can't go wrong with this place. Food is hot, fresh, and quick and reasonably priced for the area. What more could you want?Had a wonderful lunch today at El Fuego.  Quick service and great tasting burritos...what else could you ask for.
Coming back again and make sure to try the spicy beef!I pretty much only come to el Fuego because it's a lot closer to my office than chipotle. I prefer chipotle. They have more options and give you more food for less money. 
But the food has always been good here. Sometimes the workers are pretty grumpy during lunch time, which I totally understand with the line they usually have in there. It's okay, not fantastic.This Burrito place is good, though it does not beat Chipotle both in quality and price. I would choose chipotle over this and all the people who have eaten at both the places will agree with me on this. 
One major advantage is its location and quick service. There is no other burrito place close to this. Food does not taste as good as chipotle may be due to the ingredients they use. They are not that fresh. 
It costs almost $10 when compared to $6 at Chipotle with lot of options.After my friend telling me to check this place out for months, I finally managed to sit down with a burrito from El Fuego. Now, I have never had a burrito in California. But I have had burritos from chain restaurants with the same concept like Qdoba and Chipotle. Now, if those chains too make a Californian burrito, and I was to compare them, El Fuego wins hands down. Their is a sort of simplicity to the burritos they have. Not overloaded with exotic cheese sauces or odd salsas, the burritos here are simple, hearty, and clean.Big. Fat. Burrito! i crave BFBs pretty often. weekly, at least. this one was generous on the cheese and had fresh lettuce. the spicy salsa couldve had more of a kick to it but overall a good choice if you're in the neighborhood.El Fuego is the burrito destination for me. I'm a huge fan of the big burrito fast food style and I've eaten at just about all of them across the Eastern US. 
El Fuego does a great job of keeping it simple. They do your basic burrito, quesadilla, taco, or burrito bowl. The quality is great, they are fast, and if you are high-tech like me, you will appreciate that they accept Level Up as a payment type. 
Minus one star for being slightly on the pricy side for a burrito place. Also, the past time I visited my burrito was slightly on the cool side. That's once out of about ten visits. 
Give 'em a shot!Ordered on UberEats cause I really liked the prices of this place but the quesadillas were kind of lack luster both times I got them. I tried the chicken which I didn't like at all. At the steak which were better but still kind of tough. All it was chicken and cheese and steak and cheese which I don't like wish It had more in it. Really like the chips and guac just wish the guac was a little bigger though cause I eat it so fast lol. Also wish they had pork tacos and burritos.this is the best place to catch a premiership soccer match.  the chips and salsa are really good too.In my never-ending quest to find the perfect Carnitas Tacos (see my last meal on earth), I was fortunate enough to stumble across El Fuego.  While unfortunately, they don't have Carnitas at all, I found a delightful treat in their hard-shell tacos-- I had Chicken and Chorizo tacos, and I've been there twice so far.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
El Fuego is discreetly nestled just up the block from Washington Square, in fact I'm surprised that I stumbled across it in the first place.  I would think it would be less than easy to just find El Fuego if you weren't looking for it, signage is not so prominent.  You walk in to see a fairly small, narrow layout, a massive line that can get sloppy sometimes (as in it lacks as formalized a process as Qdoba or Chipotle), and fresh, delicious Mexican food being served up in much the same way as the afforementioned chains.  You tell one of 3 or 4 servers what you would like on your food and they build it for you right there...it's not the best way in the world, but it works.  Oh yeah, and there's no outdoor seating, which they could totally benefit from, they really ought to do that soon.
THE FOOD:
Other reviews here claim some of the food is a little wet and messy...I LIKE THAT!  Hahaha, half the charm of Mexican food in my opinion is the cleanup job you get to do after you finish the main part off, almost like a second meal.  I thought the Chicken was pretty good, it didn't knock my socks off, Chorizo I don't usually eat, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I thought it was very good as well.  I would take El Fuego's tacos over Qdoba, but nothing beats Chipotle yet, except my Mom's special recipe!  They also feature a respectable beer offering, so you can enjoy a nice import from south of the border as well.  Their menu is run-of-the mill-- burritos, tacos, quesadillas.  That's about it...don't go there expecting some immersive experience, it's not authentic Mexican, it's Cali style Tex Mex...which I happen to love regardless.  Price-wise, it's a tad more expensive than other similar joints, but nothing to kill your wallet.
THE SERVICE:
Service is mostly attentive, although I am not 100% on the cleanliness of the whole operation...not that I have huge issues with that, but neatnicks might take issue with that.  Their ordering to process is relatively easy, although they could firm it up a bit (hey, at least it's not some exasperated worker calling numbers out, waiting for the absent-minded moron to come claim his grub by about the time it's reached room temperature).
THE VERDICT:
Seeing as how there isn't a Chipotle in Center City (yet...let's keep praying folks), I would happily go to El Fuego in the meantime, and I'd recommend it to lovers of American-style Mexican food.  I wouldn't recommend it to people worried about a messy meal, or who were looking for truly authentic Mexican experience.Yea this place is horrible.
The only people in this place were the people that worked there whom all seemed to be eating watching spanish soccer.
The way the burrito was made just ruined it to begin with
Chicken wasnt' that good and the whole thing just tasted bland.
I am still trying to find a good burrito spot in Philly and have yet to find one.
Save your self the time and just hit chipotle instead.Gee whiz, I'm insulted. I feel so pandered to as a burrito enthusiast. I would love to see el fuego set on fuego, I should have known better. You almost never let white people bring you ethnic cuisine. This place is way overpriced. $2.50 for a Jarritos? $2.50 to spoon a dollop of guacamole on my burrito? Shame on you for the blandest burrito I've had. The spicy beef was so tasteless and strangely textured I actually scooped it out of my burrito (a first!) and left it sitting in a freaky pile. The spicy salsa wasn't remotely spicy, either. Never should have come here. And the fact that they bill themselves as "California" style is an affront to my home state. Have you ever been to California? You can throw a stone in almost any city and hit a good burrito place. Don't go here, support local your local taquerias!The burritos are fresh enough, but the menu is quite limited.  Overall, very average with poorly wrapped burritos.  Not sure why anyone would go here instead of Santa Fe Burrito nearby.  Also not impessed by paying 7 for a veg burrito- you could do better!I don't understand how this place has just 3 1/2 stars.  Anyone I've ever brought to it has craved for it in a bad way.  The line out the door everytime I go (that thankfully moves really fast) sort of reconfirms my thoughts.
This is hands down the best taco/burrito shop I've ever been to.  It's not authentic but that's really not my barometer of good.  The fresh ingredients are superb. 
I am a vegetarian and I'm a huge crunchy taco fan if they're flavored and these are.  I'm usually not a Mexican fan because my stomach will KILL me for hours after I leave.  El Fuego leaves my belly happy.  And I always go for the veggie crunchy tacos that have peppers and onions and I get the pinto beans, the mild or medium sauce (sometimes both) and cheese and lettuce.  Fantastic!  
I hear the chorizo is amazing.  I will usually get these days the naked burrito, which simply means burrito without the wrapper.  That's a heck of a huge meal.  The quesadillas are fine but rather boring for me as a vegetarian, through no fault of El Fuego's.  I don't like guacamole but I hear theirs is amazing.  
Prices are cheaper than chain burrito places even AFTER they've raised them several times.  If you go in around happy hour, you can get beer and they play dance music.  
Service is always great.  Usually super cute as well, which we ladies know makes the food taste EVEN BETTER and despite the fact that it's always jam packed in there, they manage to keep it pretty clean.I got the chicken burrito bowl and was not impressed. The meat was nothing special and the salsas and toppings added no flavor.   The ambiance was dark and depressing, I went there at 7pm, and could use some more lighting. The owner or who seemed to be the manager was not really friendly and seemed overall annoyed when I was ordering.  I would not go here again.I don't understand how they stay so busy, I blame it on an overall lack of good Mexican food on the East Coast and especially in Philly. Ever since Chipotle opened up in Center City though this place has been less busy so that should tell you something.
Anyway, in the inhumane and terrible early pre-Chipotle era, I ate here almost every other day for a few months just because I lived next door, literally 1 door over in the apartment building and it was the easiest place to come get food after work.
I tried ordering the equivalent of my Chipotle staple but it didn't deliver here, and I had to try a few different things before settling big time on a chicken bowl with half of the things I would normally get. I also used to get a lot of guac and that was pretty decent, but they were always confused about the prices. I can't tell you how many times I ordered the EXACT same thing day in and day out but they somehow managed to vary my total between FOUR different prices. When I finally realized that it was evening out in the end I just stopped even bringing it up and trying to figure out what was going on.
I do like the fact that it's kind of a family joint but they also just let people kind of walk up behind the counter and start making their own food even with customers waiting in line and I thought maybe that isn't the best way to handle that.
All that aside, service was still friendly enough although very apathetic at times. They're the busiest at lunch and if you have a short break, make sure to come ahead of the rush. 
Taste wise-- I have a hard time giving them any real points. The food is just not good and just doesn't compare to Chipotle and yeah even Qdoba. The scale is Chipotle x10, Qdoba x2, El Fuego.
Sorry guys, but I'm glad you were there for me for so long and that you had good games on the TV every time. Time to move on!first off, if the guy asks: "want some hot sauce?" SAY NO! that junk will burn and clear your sinuses, at least they did for me. and those burritos? 2 can eat one. easily. they are so BIG and full. rice and beans and all the fixins. its BIG.  my highlight was drinkin' the pineapple soda. at the moment for the life of me i cant recall the name of the soda but i know they are great. very chill atmosphere, all in all a great addition to the awesomeness that is philly downtown. Happy Eating!First off, I just want to state that I am far from a Burrito Aficionado. However, I do thoroughly enjoy a well-made, balanced burrito. 
I cannot agree with 'Liz S.' more...she hit the nail on the head. I too REALLLYYY want to love it here, but I can't seem to do so. Hence the three stars. The people who work there are extremely blah. They're neither nice nor rude. They're just there. Like robots.  
I have to say, I can make a mean burrito at home, and maybe I am being biased, but it's better than El Fuego. If I'm in a pinch, sure, I'll run and grab one since they're only like $7 and take five minutes....except at lunch. The line is longgggggggg! Why!? Whatever.
The tortilla is definitely chewy. Not sure if it's how they're heating them up or the brand that they buy. Chipotle definitely has them beat.
As Liz said, the lettuce just doesn't taste crisp and clean. And to be honest, you can tell just by looking at it in the bit on the prep table. Sometimes, it's brown and wilted. Not good, El Fuego. Not good.
The meats? Well, this is where it gets weird. They're never hot (Except that one time I went for lunch. Probably because of the high turnover.). I would argue that the prep table (Or whatever the proper name for it is) is not at a proper temp, and if it is, the system is flawed. Now, I have never gotten sick, but I know for a fact that when I touch the meat (like 50% of the time) it's cool - not warm nor cold. Doesn't bother me...until I get sick!
Overall, this place deserves three stars in my honest opinion.The food here is good, but today I had very poor customer service, which I see reflected in a few other reviews as well.
I have gone here a few times. Today I went for lunch and I ordered a few things (picking up lunch for people at work).
When I ordered multiple things, the guy making the order signed in exasperation and rolled his eyes, like he was doing me a favor even serving me. Then I asked for "light on the rice" and he said "No, I'm not doing that, I'm making them the same" and before I could respond made both burrito bowls with normal rice (I asked for one light on the rice).
Then I tried to pay for the orders separately and the response of the cashier was a groan and the sentence, "You're killing me."
I'm not sure what the difference is between me ordering multiple items, or multiple people being in line ordering a single item, but apparently ordering multiple items here is not okay.
Like I said, the food is good, but in my opinion life's too short to surround yourself with people who are negative for no reason. I was polite the whole time, but made to feel bad simply because I ordered food. I'll go elsewhere from now on.Good stuff, comparable to chipotle. Nice eating atmosphere. Would come back if im in the area again!The food was decent -- I am a Californian, so used to really good Mexican food. I have no knocks on the food -- it tasted fresh and was decently seasoned. That being said, when my daughter and I walked in, we got the most obnoxious service from the two behind the counter that I felt compelled to leave zero tip. When we arrived, we took a few minutes to look over the menu on the wall. One of the guys asked-- a bit impatiently-- if we knew what we wanted. I smiled and said that we hadn't decided yet. He gave us a patronizing, annoyed smile, like we were maybe holding him up from more important things. When prepping our orders, once or twice we had to ask him to repeat what he had asked please -- again, barely tolerable facial expression. When we paid, the guy at the register never said thank you, just mumbled that our quesadilla would be coming as he walked away -- took me a minute to even realize what he had said. No smile, no thanks for coming. Rude. Rude. Rude.I was not impressed by this place.  To me it was like a Chipotle but with a fancier sign out front.  I got a spicy beef burrito and the beef was the only thing slightly different then every other boring burrito place.  Like a previous reviewer said, the menu is quite limited and in my opinion boring.  The food was decent enough but I wouldn't go back here again.Awesome food! Great spot! So convenient to walk to from all of the amazing historical attractions in the area! Very tasy... great flavors and owned and operated by a genuinely good guy!:Highly recommend! Try El Fuego! Awesome burritos!El fuego always has fresh ingredients, healthy employees and good service. Always a line during the week at lunchtime.  Menu in chalk.  Not too many tables & only 2 booths.everyone at work LOVES this place. best burritos around i hear. it was good, but not a-mah-zing like my coworkers say. the spicy beef was barely spicy, it was kinda cold, and not shredded enough for my liking. id come here again for cheap happy hour chips and guac tho!I live close to this place, so come here often after work for a quick burrito. Lunch hours are insanely busy so expect to wait in huge lines around then. Some of the reviews mention poor service, however, dinner time is not as busy and they're very friendly then. Best part about this place: they have a chorizo option for burrito filling. Otherwise similar to Chipotle and Qdoba. Nice selection of Mexican sodas as well (my go-to is mango or guava soda). They also accept LevelUp for payment which is a huge bonus since it's easy and you occasionally get discounts as well.If you ever get to Center City, Philadelphia, you've got to try the burrito here.  It blows away Chipotle or any other TexMex version.  My husband doesn't like Mexican food - which I've NEVER understood. This is the only burrito he'll eat.  The staff seems to be nice to the ladies... to guys they're more like, whatever... but the food rocks!CLOSED... I think? 
I used to go here all the time because I'm crazy about Mexican food and they're right around the corner from where I work. Back then, I might have rated them 3.5 stars at best.
Now, I really don't know. I tried calling them around 7pm last week (their hours are listed as being open till 9pm across the web and in their phone's voicemail) but no one picked up. I swung by today (again, around 7pm) and their sign said they'd be open till 9pm but everything was completely closed. No new signs or anything looking different otherwise.
Honestly, I don't know if they're still open for lunch - but, seriously, if you're gonna change your hours LET PEOPLE KNOW. And if you're closed for good or even if your hours have simply changed, AT LEAST put a friggin' hand-written sign on your front door. I'm hungry for chorizo near Washington Square Park and it's all El Fuego's fault.This place has really good burritos and the ingredients are very fresh. I also like the fact that they are always showing football--or soccer for you Americans!
But the place has horrible customer service. I mean horrible. They act like you are doing them a favor by ordering food! how could these people stay in business? do they get any training or do they think rudeness is IN? Anyways the help is killing this business.Fresh -I mean really fresh .  Get the chorizo burrito.  Strangley comfortable wooden stools.The burritos are wonderful the portions I love the service is great friendly service where they still- - one of the few places where they still seem to care about customer service especially in the burrito industry because many places you go the service is horrible while the food is great but El Fuego Nails them both love going there one of my favorite locations in town and very cheap and affordableSuper friendly staff. Very reasonably priced - ESP considering it is located in a tourist area. Everything looked really fresh. The green salsa was sooo good! I got two tacos - one hard, one soft. Both yummy!! Omg and they have REAL homemade horchata!!! :))) Que Rico!!! Def would come backSick burritos!  I had a chicken and chorizo burrito today and I was in heaven.  The chorizo has a nice little char to it that really gave the burrito a nice kick to it.
I have been here a few dozen times and the consistency of their food is why there is always a line there.  
I love burritos and this place takes a crap on the "other guys."Fresh ingredients assembled to order.   The spicy beef is delicious.  The salsa is fresh and spicy, just the way I like it.  It's a hearty portion that could feed two if you aren't exceptionally hungry.I love LOve LOVE their quesadillas, haven't tried anything else. I also had agua de horchata which is good too!Food is really good. Especially the Chorizo. But with the price increase and the seemingly less meat they provide, the place is going down hill. Over $10 for a burrito and drink is a little steep, especially since they've started giving less portions in the burrito and/or naked bowl. If the chorizo wasn't so damn good I'd give this place a 1 and go to Chipotle.They should have named this El Candle. Sadly, there wasn't any fire in my belly or in my head after eating here.  The previous couple of reviews were positive enough for me to give this place a try. It is kind of sandwiched between Tuscany Cafe and some other buildings on Walnut. The place itself was sleek with stainless steel, hardwood floors and pounding hip hop music playing.   The music annoyed me, not because it was hip hop, but because it was loud and the music seemed to reverberate up in the high ceilings. It made talking difficult to say the least.
I ordered 2 spicy beef and 2 chorizo crunchy tacos with an order of chips and guac to share with my buddy.  The guac wasn't overly spicy or flavorful. In addition, the chips were heavy and without much flavor on most of them. A few chips seemed to have some lime flavor crystals on them but not too many. I've had better chips at Qdoba and for far less than the 4 bucks for guac and chips. 
I was a little annoyed with the way they "constructed" the tacos. Shoveling all the toppings on like its a pizza instead of tacos was a little ridiculous. I know they were busy, but still, a few seconds more for some real effort? In fairness, the ingredients in/on my tacos were all pretty fresh.  However the spicy beef tacos weren't very spicy. In contrast the chorizo tacos were nice and spicy. The tacos were fairly messy so I had plenty of fork food after I was done.
Frankly I don't get why there were so many people there today except that 1. Its a Friday 2. It was a really nice day 
Go to Qdoba and save your money. Or take some time and go somewhere good.
Post note: I"m still tasting the chips hours later. Nothing like greasy corny aftertaste.Amazing spot for lunch. Quick, tasty and priced right. Portions are a good size and if you like a little kick in the middle of the day i'd go with the bowl with spicy pulled beef with spicy sauce and add a little extra Tabasco if your feeling up to it.In terms of getting a California burrito on the east coast, this is one of the closest restaurants I've found.  Being a native San Franciscan I find it hard to get a good burrito in Philly, but El Fuego has the formula right.  They stuff the burrito full and you're usually not hungry for more.  They just need to add some refriend beans and some yellow rice and they'll be on target.  Be careful, the hot sauce really is HOT!  Enjoy.Don't bother getting anything besides the burrito. The burrito is incredible. 
The people that work there are not the friendliest of types. 
Best burrito in Philadelphia.Far better than ...unnamed burrito chain restaurants. 
Fresh ingredients, solid service, and neat decor. They take levelup which is nice too. 
I wish they had natural soda rather than coca cola products, but the burrito's are marvelous. Yay food.So this is definitely something you have to be in the mood for.  The food is already cooked and hot, you decide what you want on your tacos.  I like the thought of El Fuego, but the options are limited & inside seating is also limited.  In a lunch crunch, this is a good spot.Really good burrito bowl that you can make into a salad and customize yourself.
Think of this as Chipotle, if their ingredients were DELICIOUS.
GREAT guac and chips.
Solid casual lunch spot.
Might be a line during lunch.Better than Chipotle! The salsa is so flavorful! I ordered the 4 crispy tacos and got one chicken, one steak, one beef, one pork. They were all so good. Wish they had this place in NY! The only thing they can improve upon is placing the meat, salsa, cheese, and lettuce on the tacos. It's a bit messy. In terms of taste it's really good! Makes chipotle taste like a Taco Bell!Fresh, quick and delicious. Their burrito bowls are great and affordable at $7. The line is long at lunch but it moves very quickly. Definitely better than chipotle.I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE. 
I've been going here for years and ashamed that it's taken me SO long to write a review.  Ever since I tasted their fresh salsa and guacamole, I've rarely eaten at Qdoba, Baja Fresh or Chipotle since!  Everything at el fuego tastes like it was just made before you walked in and the long lines from 12-1pm each day is a testament to their delicious food.  
The atmosphere is hip, you can usually find sports or a cult classic like Goonies on the flat screens, the staff is friendly and the patrons are kind - I often eat here alone and never feel awkard sharing a table with others or sitting in the window people watching on Chestnut.  
Portions here are generous and it's moderately priced, as in you get what you pay for here...and them some!  
If you haven't been here, you must go!i love this place!  miss it.  used to go there 4 out of 5 days a week when i worked in philly.  it's  a very california burrito with fresh ingredients.  the guys behind the counter during the week at lunch are awesome.  really great guys who are fun and nice.  they get an extra star for that.   anyway, try the naked burrito with a chorizo and chicken mix.  YUM.Nothing fancy about this place. However, their chorizo rocks with the soft tacos. My only knocks on the place is a little pricy for a taco of $2.25 and a whopping $2.50 for extra meat. Ouch! I will come back because their food is fresh and authentic but just every other week. Mexican food is weak for the most part in Philly and I lived in California for 30 years so I think I know a little about Mexican food.My friends and I stumbled upon this little place while walking around Philadelphia for First Friday.  When I first walked in I was unsure how much I was going to like the food and the atmosphere.  There was rap music playing (off of the workers iPod) and there was a disco ball as the main source of light.  I became more worried that I saw a burrito was only going to cost me $6.95.  I thought, "That must be a terrible burrito if it is in the city and only cost $6.  When I began to eat I was surprised to discover that it was delicious.  It was not greasy or oily like so many burritos are.  It had a great combination of flavors and felt healthy.  It was so large that I couldn't finish it.  We also bought the chips (you have to pay for them on the side) but they were great as well!!  Next time I am in the city I will definately stop by this place for a quick bite to eat.Burrito includes rice beans bell pepper and salsa for $7.50. That is not a lot of variety for the cost. Also they charge extra for a bowl. I paid for chips and salsa but they forgot my salsa and charged me for guacamole. I asked for the receipt but they said they don't give out receipts. 
I recommend going somewhere else. 
Taste was okay too. Not much flavor.IT's OKAY.
Not exactly appetizing but nothing out of the ordinary.
Maybe i'm a little stuck up about mexican food because I grew up with authentic mexican food, but this just doesn't cut it all for me.
It's a good meal to have when you're strepped for cash and time and want something filling.... aand I guess it's a little healthier than the other fast food chains such as mcdonalds, but why bother?
Oh, but the ingredients DID taste fresh for the record.
Nothing to rave about here, and it tastes a little shallow.  I have only had the chicken burrito there though.Food was pretty delicious. More like a privately owned Chipotle which I was more than happy to support... Until the guy behind the counter yelled at me to get my attention instead of using manners and polite vocabulary. I've heard through the grape vine not to go too close to closing because they "get mad." Perhaps that was the reasoning for such short-tempered demeanor but....Overall: 4.5
Food (flavor, presentation, portion) : 5
Service (the frequency of waiter/waitress, the speed of the delivery for food, the treatment of guests) : 5
Ambience (the view, the location, the interior atmosphere and relevance to food, any theme etc) : 3
Price (the portion size and price comparison, comparison of prices compared to other similar restaurant, the total of dishes and overall price etc) : 5
I went on a business trip with my seniors and are staying in the Hilton Garden.
Food: I got the burrito bowl with black beans, sir cream, lettuce, rice and chicken. It was delicious and yummy. Reminds me of chipotle.
Service: Fast!! It got busy quickly after my colleagues and I came into the restaurant. 
Ambience: it was loud and crowded. Good location for business. 
Price: good for the food. 
Overall, I'd definitely come back again when I'm in the area.Good lord. 
The chips were stale; the guacamole was too acidic (it was more like an avocado ceviche for crying out loud); the burrito was tiny, the "spicy" beef was stringy, wet (???), and bland; the filling of the burrito consisted primarily of what seemed to be unseasoned white rice; the sour cream was watery; and the chorizo at least was flavorful, but had been on the line for so long it was dry as a bone.
I tried so very hard to find something about this meal that wasn't disappointing but I came up lacking. It's the worst meal I've had in Philly. What a waste.So finally got the urge to try this place again after my last unfortunate experience. The food was fine but they have completely scaled down their portions, where as a smaller female I didn't feel full. I won't be coming back.Enormous portions of fresh, delicious meats, veggies, and other fillings.  I dig the cilantro rice.  Decent prices, neat happy hour specials.  Tasty food, if a bit sloppily constructed and messy to eat.First, for everyone who says "it's the same as qdoba and/or chipotle" you can go there instead so the rest of us have somewhere to sit. While the concept is the same, (build your own burrito, taco, bowl, etc.) El Fuego is far superior to either of the above mentioned burrito bars. The ingredients are always extremely fresh and everything is delicious. Don't be discouraged by long lines, the guys behind the counter are lightening quick. Most people seem to get their burrito to go, but seating can be a bit tough to come by when it's busy. If it's your first time, go for the chorizo burrito. Burrito and a soda will run you just under $10, guacamole is an extra $2.Coming from California, I've had my share of good Mexican food. It is very difficult to find a decent burrito anywhere out here. El Fuego is as close as I've come in Philadelphia. Their burritos are huge and quite tasty. Far better than Santa Fe Burrito.I WANT to like this place, i really really do! I keep going back because they'er locally owned and the only other Mexican-ish places i can walk to from work are Qdoba and Santa Fe Burrito.
None of these options are what anyone would consider "authentic" Mexican, but they are all just a couple steps above, say, Taco Bell. However, i dont need authentic Mexican to make me happy. I love a tasty burrito! 
The problem i keep having with El Fuego is that i can't manage to get a tasty burrito. All the meat fillings are off. The Chorizo is too salty and the slow cooked spicy beef is stringy, bland, and not what i think anyone would ever call "spicy". Sure, you put enough sour cream, cheese, and salsa on shoe leather and wrap it in a tortilla it will be just short of delicious. But without a tasty meat option to ground the dish, i may as well just stick to Qdoba. It's closer.El fuego has great burritos.  The ingredients taste fresh and they usually are prepared great.  Sometimes though, I can say that they can get a little soggy with the salsa, bean juice, etc and ruin the tortilla.  The guac here is really good.  I usually get the chicken burrito with a nice mexican beer or a jarritos.  Way better than qdoba and a little better than Santa Fe burrito.Overpriced! Exactly like chipotle! 
I saw the meat getting cross contaminated with my own eyes! Not at all what it is hope to be!El Fuego's trying to be like Chipotle. But unfortunately, nobody can be like Chipotle. Chipotle's just so good for so little money. El Fuego gives you the exact same options - same cilantro rice, same customization, same look, but it just falls a hair short. It is good, it's just not Chipotle. But in an area with too few cheap lunch options, I'll keep going and getting my non-Chipotle burrito bowl and keep being just a touch disappointed.Best burrito place I've been to in the city; the tacos and quesadillas are great too. It's a little pricey but the food is great and you get a lot. They usually show soccer matches on weekends which gets them an extra star.The food is just ok, inconsistent in freshness is generous.  Poor serviceIts a real good Burrito yo!
Chorizo burrito what fuckin what! Nicey Spicy too. I recommend it. Also, they've got this naked burrito thing which seems to be all the rage. Seriously, this place had a line the rivals all the junk cheesesteak jawns and more then half the mutha fuckas in line got that naked burrito shiz. 
I like it. I like it alot. They have beer too. Aw. Fuggin. Yeah.A mini chipotle , I had soft steak taco which was fresh, tasty and filling, husband got burrito bowl which was the same.Prices are a bit higher than chipotle with smaller portions, but I believe in supporting local businesses instead of franchise restaurants and help them grow, so no complaints:)My office doen't have a microwave, so bringing food in is always a hassle.  I'm always out for a good deal for an afforable price in / near Olde City, and El Fuego hits it every time!
I love El Fuego and eat here at least once a week.  The staff is always helpful and friendly, and once you become a regular, they get to know what you like.  They treat everyone with respect, even though their assembly line process keeps you moving, so there isn't ever time to become friends with the staff.  
The food is fresh, served warm / at a good eating temperature right away.  They are situated right next to the park, so you can sit inside or outside, however you like.  They don't play loud music, so you can talk to your dining companion or read on your phone, or people watch as you're eating without trying to make yourself heard. 
It costs about $12 for a steak burrito bowel with 4 of the 7 fixin's.and a snapple drink.  The best part (for me) is that the quantity of food is large, so I get to eat the second half the next day, bringing the cost to about $6/meal.  Totally worth it, for the worker trying to eat in the city on a budget.Sometimes a person just wants a giant burrito. Human fact. 
We fondly refer to El Fuego as the closest Chipotle to our house. I don't mean it in a negative way a'tall... It's just a mighty similar dealy, except that you can have a Negro Modelo or a Pacifico for yourself . Everything is fresh, aight guacamole... and the guys who work there are always friendly. Totally good for a quick lunch, this place. Plus, you can, as I did recently, watch a muted episode of Miami Vice as Latin hip hop played in the restaurant. A-OK en mi libra.Great food & great location! Lunch was busy but no real wait. Service was super fast & friendly. Portions are the perfect size.
Similar ordering & price to Chipotle or Moe's. 
Very close to a lot of the historical sites in Philly, within walking distance! 
Will definitely be eating here again when I am next in the city!!I discovered El Fuego while working downtown for a certain car sharing operation that shall go un-named. It's fast and like most Mexican take out joints you get a boatload of food for under 8 bucks. I instantly fell for the pulled spicey beef quesadilla. There's no frills and there's no buffet style line like other places in the city but it hits the spot. Plus I really don't mind supporting a small local restaurant as opposed to a corporate chain. 
One day I discovered the new location at 21st & Chestnut, which looked so welcoming with the tables outside and the huge indoor space. I got a frozen margarita which was basically a spiked slurpee with chips n salsa for 5 bucks during happy hour. It was airy and un-crowded, I sat up front by the open windows with a great view of the street. Neither place will knock your socks off but for a simple cheap meal I don't see what's not to like.El Fuego is delicious.  There's not much else to say.  As has been stated it is a standard assembly line, your burrito will be overstuffed, and you will love the ingredients, as they are always extremely fresh.
Also, be sure to take advantage of their happy hour specials.  $1.50 chips and salsa, and $2 (i believe) bottled beers, hard to beat!Quick and good. Thoroughly enjoy their naked burritos. Come here often on my lunch break.El Fuego is a step above Qdoba and a big step below Chipotle. Similar price ranges with smaller portions.
Food overall was very bland (I ordered the spicy beef quesadilla and chips with guacamole), service was quick and dining area was a decent size.
Couldn't come up with any reason to come here over Chipotle and doubtful I would come back. If you're craving Mexican I'd suggest looking somewhere else.like chipotle but with extremely rude employees.  not worth the lunchtime crush to stand in line.I do like this. The burrito is good sized with some pretty delicious chorizo. I'd definitely take it over the nearby chipotle and qdoba, and it's also better than santa fe. It's also a bit more expensive. These guys are super quick, and it's right across the street from the park.
Nice to get a beer to go along with it if that's the sort of lunch you get.Yea, so, the steak is definitely the way to go. I don't know why i hadn't tried it before. El Fuego has moved way up on my list of "Mexican" restaurants in the city. I had a burrito with grilled steak. I can't wait to try the tacos and the quesadillas!I love the quick service. The food is always fresh and yummy. I enjoy sitting by the window watching people while I eat.I used to love this place. But the chorizo gets more and more disgusting the longer I go there. I think they really use the whole pig.I work about a block away and have been going here for at least 5 years. I used to love this place and bring people here for lunch all the time, but recently I've been noticing the food quality drop way down. For example, I generally get the chicken burrito bowl and the ingredients were really fresh and clean, but now I just get a soggy mess that I don't want to finish. I'm not sure what changed in their preparation process, but I think it's time that they go back to basics. 
I also have a problem with the wrapping of their burritos. Although I appreciate having them stack the burritos super full especially for the price I'm paying, I'm not a fan of having them so packed that every time I eat one the tortilla breaks and I have to eat it with a fork. If I wanted a burrito bowl to eat with a fork, then I would have ordered one.  
I will mention one positive: the tacos are always a good safe choice. 
Chipotle is a few blocks farther from my office on Walnut Street, but I'd gladly make the hike if they continue down this path of neglecting quality.Just got back from El Fuego.  There was a short line of lunch time workers.  Don't expected any smiles or customer service.  It's all 'head down', 'What do ya what? and 'Next'.  (Not necessarily bad if you're on your lunch hour, but ......)
    I asked the server to cut my buritto in half.  He made a face, rolled his eyes and muttered something......  I've been before and was unimpressed (with the food and for the abrupt service), just happened to be in the area and thought I'd give it a second chance. Still unimpressed.
    I won't be back again. I've had much better Mexican takeout and MUCH better customer service.  There's plenty of places in the around Washington Square where they appreciate your business and have better food.I ordered off of Uber eats (probably not the best idea when it comes to Mexican food but we digress) the chicken quesadilla and chicken burrito had to be the blandest things I ever tasted in my life. The chicken in the quesadilla tasted spicy, burnt, with a hint of smoke. The burrito was mostly rice, lettuce rib, beans and that's about it, the cheese was mostly at the bottom of the burrito the salsa, guacamole, sour cream were mostly at the top of the burrito and the let's not even discuss the small amount of chicken they put inside the burrito.I always walk/ride by this place and last week I decided to stop in.  I ordered the chicken tacos and they were pretty good.  Certainly not the best I have had but better then Qdoba or Baja Fresh. The service was friendly  and the restaurant was really clean.  It was a quiet day so it was nice to sit in the front window and people watch.  Next time I'll try the burritos for sure.I don't know what all the rave is about this place, but after ordering a burrito from here, I walked away truly disappointed. This place made me probably the lamest burrito I've ever had.
One burrito is I think $6.65. While it was plenty big, the only thing hot were the beans, and it fell apart after two bites. I don't know about you but I prefer my burritos hot and slightly crispy. The only thing they put in the panini press was the tortilla, and that was for a split second. 
If you don't order out, they place the giant burrito in a tiny plastic tray, which I found ridiculous since eating the thing can get quite messy. The place itself is small, dimly lit, and hardly furnished.
This was a sad day in my burrito-eating history. There is nothing special about this place at all.Coworkers clued me on this place an I am HOOKED!!!  The food is fresh, the service is fast, and the food is yummy.  Enough said! Oh, and the prices are reasonable.It's a giant burrito. Sometimes, a giant burrito is just a giant burrito, not rocket science. I can't say I'd be able to tell the difference between this or Chipotle if I were blindfolded, but um...who cares? I guess my standards are low - the only thing I don't like it chewy gross bits of meat. El Fuego did not serve me chewy gross meat, so I was happy. 
Oh, I tried the crunchy tacos and got one with each kind of filling. I have to say that the chorizo was by far the tastiest and I imagine I'll get that next time I go. It's a block away from where I live, it's dinner for under $10, there's happy hour every week night from 5-7 and it's fast. I think that equals four thumbs up.The taco's I had were soggy.  I live around the corner and won't be coming back.  I'd rather have Qdoba or Chipotle.It is a place to go for lunch.  Fresh ingredients, best atmosphere, great service, hands down best Mexican grill place.  I've put on probably 5-10 pounds since I've discovered this place.  If your going for lunch, get there by 11:45 or else your standing in line.This place is crankin at lunchtime. Word must be out that they toss together amazing and delicious Mexican in a simple but still super pleasing style. You choose from a burrito, burrito bowl, tacos or quesadilla and shout out your preferred ingredients in a 'have it your way' sandwich shop style environment. You can then grab n go (as most do) or dine in at one of the handful of shared open seating tables. You can get away with lunch for less than $10 and it beats Chipotle every day of the week.I come here for lunch every so often on workdays, and am always happy with my choice. The burritos are made with fresh, non-greasy ingredients, so you won't feel awful about yourself after eating it. I would say it's like a higher quality Chipotle, but the prices are about the same. The atmosphere is generally friendly, but be prepared to wait in a line during the lunch rush.I live across the street from El Fuego, so my tacos should not have been soggy, but in the three minutes it took me to get home, they were totally mushy.  I guess the beans were too wet.
The dudes who work there seem uninterested in customers.  Sorry to get in the way of your standing.
My husband warned me, told me it was bad.  I should have listened.  I want my $7 back.Great fast mexican, Blows Chipotle & Qdoba away. Burritos are huge & delicious, the hard taco shells are addictive. Spicy chicken is a must with maybe a chorizo quesadilla on the side.I worked very close to El Fuego and probably one of the only Mexican places in downtown Philly.
Food - 4
I could somewhat compare it to Chipotle. Its pretty good. They give you a choice of Chicken, Spicy Beef or Steak. I have tried all 3 and are very good. Only thing to keep in mind is that the spicy beef is very juicy so it may make your burrito soggy.
Atmosphere/Customer Service - 2-3
Beware! If you coming during lunch time, it gets very busy where there is no room to stand. I would usually have take my meal 'to-go' because of there are never any seats open. I like how the line moves fast but the down side is that the noise level is loud and its very difficult to hear the people who make your food. I have had occasions where the person is very rude because they can't hear you and vice versa. They should take the time to understand what the customer is saying and turn the music down so they don't mistakes in your order.I'd concur with the other reviews citing a Qdoba like quality of the food, maybe slightly better. My burrito was good,nothing special. But it was the guy behind the counter that I will remember. He was border line rude, he didn't say anything, not even, hi or may I take your order, which I had to initiate. He did put the burrito together, asking what I wanted in it once i started the order, but he lacked basic customer service and human interaction skills.  He was too busy watching soccer on TV. Just a lack of common courtesy that I find extraordinarily annoying, especially in a customer service based business. It ruins the experience for me. I will not return even though I only live 3 blocks away.Fantastic burrito that is a step above Qdoba. I love Qdoba. Place gets slammed at lunch hours during the week. The guac and fried pita chips are delicious. Usually quick and you never spend more than $10-$12 per person.
The staff is friendly, I think the owners are often working. They place good music, have a disco ball and have a few beers to choose from.I have been to this spot a handful of times since moving nearby (always get burrito bowls). For the most part, the bowls are decent. However, as stated in other reviews, they put too much rice in the bowls and don't take the time to drain the black beans (soupy mess). Additionally, the guy behind the counter (who btw, never greets you when walking in or says thank you), is extremely rude and mumbles when taking order so he's hard to understand. The t.v. is always blasting, so it's also hard to hear what is being said. (And don't even make him repeat himself!) 
I went in this evening at 8:30 (30 minutes before closing) and ordered two burrito bowls. The gentleman was cleaning and appeared to be closing up. Again, no greeting when I walked up to the counter. One of my bowls ended up being made incorrectly because I couldn't hear the rude guy behind the counter's mumbles and accidentally said yes. Ok, since I came in 1/2 hour before closing time, I decided not to say anything. $18.25 and a short walk later, I arrived home to two COLD burrito bowls. Really??!! Cold rice, beans, chicken, etc..NOT appetizing! If a business is open until a certain time, then they should serve food the appropriate way until that time! No exceptions. 
I really just find the lack of customer service appalling. I know this is a super casual spot, but a pleasant attitude and a simple "thank you" would suffice. I'm spending money in your establishment, so I think that's only appropriate. (Please note, I've really only experienced the guy who initially takes your order to be rude.) It's not difficult to figure out that a person who acts this way is doing this business a disservice. 
I would hope that the business owner reads these reviews (which seem to have an occurring theme), and do something. Have a talk with this guy and cheer him up, will you??!!It's good enough for lunch, but not great. It's obviously not authentic Mexican food nor flavors, but it's an ok rendition of California burritos.I went here for one of my first lunches as an office worker in center city. The business lunch crowd is a beast, but the capable and friendly guys behind the counter move the line along fast enough. The line also afforded me the opportunity to study the menu......which in fact I didn't need, because I'm familiar with Chipotle. 
yeah, it's a Chipotle-esque experience (the great Fordian assembly line of burrito-fixin), but I especially appreciated their delicious guacamole, fresher-tasting veggies, and the nice guys working the counter. It's probably a cooler place to hang around and eat than Chipotle, too, just not during the noon-1pm crunch time -- however, Washington Square park just across the intersection was a lovely al fresco place to enjoy my veggie naked burrito.If you're looking for a Chipotle-like burrito or tacos this is a great go-to lunch place when you're just looking to get something quick for lunch but still ravenously hungry.  The closest Chipotle is going to be closer to 12th street so this will be your best alternative.  I would say they're both comparable where El Fuego has a more local restaurant feel to it.  Personally, I slightly rank Chipotle better by just a hair.  There's something about the rice that's a bit different, can't pinpoint it though.  But El Fuego is a great alternative if you're looking for a quick burrito.We were excited to have dinner here, but it was hotter inside than it was outside, so we took our food to go. 
I ordered three veggie tacos, but the fillings were really basic for the price we paid. Having other veggie options would definitely benefit everybody. Something as simple as sauted mushrooms and zucchini to go along with the beans and rice would be wonderful, instead of just beans and rice. I think having another taco option like that would make a lot of people happy, not just vegetarians.Love this place for lunch.  Oh heck, come for dinner too.  Everything I've had is very delicious.  It's just like Chipotle, but I think better.  I love that they have hard tacos too.  Sometimes you just want that crunch.  It can get very crowded at lunch but people are always willing to share their tables.  
I also love that they have fresh lemons at the soda fountain.  Lemon with your diet coke or water is the best!I work near El Fuego, so I generally hit them up a couple of times a month for lunch.  Today I was feeling especially ravenous, so I splurged and tacked on an order of chips and guac for an extra $4 to my usual burrito.  Grande-sized regrets after the fact.
The chips here are TERRIBLE!!  Brittle, dry, saltless, completely uninspired.  It's as if Gweneth Paltrow herself baked them up...  (refer to article here if you don't get the reference: http://jezebel.com/everything-i-fucked-up-while-trying-to-eat-like-gwyneth-1596037126).  Do yourself a favor & skip the chips if you're contemplating an extra lunch perk -  NOT WORTH IT!!This place cannot be more boring. The meat is overcooked and chewy, flavor is lacking complexity. Save your money and go down straight from here to 6th & washington avenue to the taco trucks.El Fuego is a better version of Chipotle. Fresh veggies, flavorful meats and their burrito bowls are delicious and large. They also charge for gauc however they give you a ton and it is the freshest guacamole ever!This may be the closest thing to a SF burrito, but it is still not very close.  
I was so excited to go to this place based on all of the positive reviews of their California style burritos.  Maybe I hit them on an off-day, but I left disappointed.  
I was encouraged at the sight of the steam table holding all the delicious fixings for an awesome burrito.  The prices even seemed manageable (not SF cheap, but acceptable).  I ordered my burrito and salivated as she loaded it up, rice, beans, cheese, sour cream, a healthy dose of guacamole...then, lettuce.  Lettuce is great on a burrito, but romaine lettuce in big spiney pieces?  Not good.  
I got mine with the "hot" chipoltle salsa.  Unfortunately, this salsa was not hot and I ended up having to douse the thing with Tapatio, and nobody wants that.  The burrito, though big, was wrapped quite loosely and poorly and fell apart as I ate it, this coupled with the use of big hunks of lettuce was quite troubling to me.
I may give them a second chance.  Maybe.
Sally F.  - You need to get yourself out of this tasteless city and have yourself a real burrito.Had this place for the first time the other day and was pretty satisfied overall with the experience. The food was fresh, hot, and very delicious. It didn't cost an arm and a leg, but still packed some good quality. It was a really good experience and will probably come back in the near future.Between my last review and now, el fuego has gotten a bit better for me. On my recent trips to grab burrito bowls for lunch, I've noticed that the food quality has gone up and the service has been friendly and fast as long as it's not too crowded. I have no problem adding another star and recommending this place over walking 5 blocks to chipotle. I would caution, however, that if you're going to stop by there for lunch, try to beat the rush at noon or go there after 1:30pm. As with most other places, quality goes down as speed goes up even though they're doing the best they can. And I do agree with some other reviewers who mention that it's pricier than other places like this. The bowls are smaller than chipotle's, and they cost a little bit more.I stick to the script here and order the black bean rice and veggie quesadilla. The spicy salsa is amazing and the portion size of the quesadilla usually yields me leftovers for lunch the next day. 
They take level up , offer Byob and have jarritos sodas which is like the the best thing to leave Mexico since tortillas.My go to place for a quick meal. The burrito is a meal in itself, but i love their quac and chips. Also- their happy hour is by far the cheapest in Rittenhouse and they have outdoor seating. So if you're looking for someplace causal and cheap- this place is for you.Here is what I would really like in life . . . to eliminate qdoba and santa fe burrito on 11th street, and replace them with el fuego.  When it comes to fast delicious burritos, el fuego's dominance over the competition is insurmountable . . . sometimes 7th street just seems a little too far away.Ingredients are okay to decent, but they break the cardinal rule of burrito building: thou shalt evenly distribute all burrito ingredients. If you like full bites of guac or cheese, go for it. If not, skip this place.What a wonderful find. All the fun of a chipotle but with fresher ingredients. I had the trio of tacos and loved that you could mix and match the different offerings. It was a very generous portion for the price, and the food was served quickly. I also appreciated the fact that it seemed to be a family run business. The wait staff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating. I also liked that they served Jarritos sodas. Certainly a place that I will return to if I find myself hungry in this society Hill neighborhood. Also note that this is very close to jeweler's Row if you need a break from shopping for diamonds.Ever since the disappearance of South Street's The Joint (where have you gone and why haven't you called?), I've made El Fuego my burrito go-to. If you go in expecting authentic Mexican (see: Taqueria Veracruzana), you'll be disappointed here. But make no mistake, El Fuego is, er, on fire? 
If I'm prepared to call it a one-meal-today kinda day, I head to Fuego and load up my chicken burrito with all the fixings. What's great is that this place is locally owned, their ingredients are prepared by actual hands the day/night prior, their meats are cooked on-site and you can opt for the Negra Modelo or Dos XX over a soda. 
This spot beats Qdoba and Chipotle any day. Now that the weather's on its best behavior, I say you go there, grab a burrito and head to Washington Square Park to bathe in the sun and your glorious new purchase. Or don't bathe in the burrito, but do eat it.I do love me some chipotle, but every once in a while I like it change it up.
While their menu is basically the same, everything tastes different. I definitely like one of their spicy meats more than chipotle. It seems a little more fresh here and definitely less crowded (6pm on a weeknight). I'm sure lunch time is a mad house.
Get a bowl obv, because they fill it a ridiculous amount.I got the chicken Burrito with everything on it. If you like burritos where when you order everything, but they only give you rice and lettuce wrapped in a tortilla, then you'll love this burrito! I'm not sure how someone in the kitchen could get a chicken burrito order and put this out?Why do I eat lunch at this place almost twice a week, besides the fact that I work 2 blocks away?
- The quickest service ever! (around lunchtime, if you beat the rush by arriving AT 12pm sharp, you will be out in 30 seconds)
- They accept Level-up!!!
- They have Chorizo! (last time i checked qdoba and chipotle don't)
- The freshest tortillas! 
- Amazing (yet pricey) guacamole!
It is a little expensive (about $8) but you do get a fulfilling amount of love in your burrito. 
*Dont go for the taco's, you barely get any substance in there!* 
**oh and its BYOB if you want to eat there**I enjoyed El Fuego's food. I never had a bad thing there. So why did I give them only 2 stars? Simple. Their staff! They are extremely ignorant and like the below posts they make you feel like you are interrupting their conversations. Especially when you walk in and the people that are working are sitting down with a table full of friends eating. I've walked into a situation like that numerous times so it wasn't just one bad visit. Not to mention I don't think I've ever been in there and didn't hear employees talking bad about a customer that is standing in lne . Even if it isn't about me the fact that your that bold to talk smack about someone who is coming into your place of business to spend money is just wrong and rude. Needless to say I've stopped going in here cause of the crappy staff and I go down to a few places in south philly or up to Jose's off of spring garden. Their food is better anyway.I have been coming here on and off for about 3 years and it is really slipping. I get the bowls with lettuce and chicken but I decided today would be my last day. Chipotle is just a little further for me in the other direction but if I want this kind of fare I will be making the effort to go the distance.
Pros: 
-the chicken is seasoned ok (but got very little of it)
-chunky salsa is spicy enough
-guac is ok
Cons 
- people sweating over your food- gotta step back and wipe off - no excuse for that. 
-the guy who starts the bowl off is always snarky and borderline rude. It is noisy in there so you cannot often hear him. He doesn't make eye contact so don't know who he is talking to.
- Not making an effort to drain the beans when you are doing salad greens- I ended up with a soupy mess
-not having a dressing for the lettuce bowls (then again maybe that is why they drown them in bean juice?)
All in all feel like I waste money - but that may depend on what you get. Also I think they have a policy of no credit cards under 10.00 - most of their items will be about 8 so if you are not buying extra bring cash. Chipotle take cards regardless.Always leave overly stuffed and happy. The naked steak burrito is always a great choice with all the fixings. Get some chips and guacamole and a pineapple jarrito and your set. What I love most is the place is owned and operated by an awesome owner who bought the business and works hard all day long. Support local businesses like this one great food, great atmosphere, great people.14/0 would recommend! The people are so nice, and it's such a cute little place. The food is amazing, and authentic. Really make me think of home. Cheap, but the food is so delicious! It's a great place to go hang out (coming from a teenager) and especially after school or for lunch. ~ SamandrielI've had the chicken bowl, veggie bowl and veggie quesadilla.  Everything was fine, but it was nothing special.  They give generous portions and everything tastes very fresh, but there is just something missing, flavor wise.  In my chicken bowl, everything tasted good except for the chicken, which was seriously lacking in flavor (Chipotle's chicken is much better).  
What brought this up to three stars were the margaritas.  The fruity margaritas are great and it's a treat to find a casual place (counter service) that serves good drinks.  
I love the large, open windows at the Chestnut street location - all the benefits of sitting outside without having to actually sit on the sidewalk and deal with all the people walking by.  The Walnut Street location is too dark for my tastes.Decent burrito for a decent price.  Boyfriend and I were craving burritos and decided to try out El Fuego.  It was not unlike the chain burrito places you've visited:  Pick your choice of proteins, pinto or black beans, and toppings (sour cream, shredded cheese, lettuce, salsa).  It tasted fresh and hit the spot.  They also had other items on the menu, including made-to-order fajitas.  
The only questionable thing was that they had a large sign at the front of the store touting the fact that all of their ingredients are fresh, never frozen, and it says explicitly that their ingredients are not canned.  Well, on the counter next to the salsa area of the assembly line was a very large opened can of tomatoes.  Why was it there?  I don't know, but it was open and I can only assume that it was being used in the salsa that it was sitting next to.  But who knows? 
That said, I'd go back for another burrito.  Fresh tomatoes are better, but whatever.This place is great for soft and hard tacos. You get to order at a salad-bar-esce bar where you can pick all your toppings and extras.
Make sure you get guac and chips to start, but be warned everything here may be a bit more spicy than you are used to. You can sit in the back of the restaurant, or at a bar facing the window where you can watch passersby coming from Washington Square.
I think this is a great little place to get real fajitas and tacos without traveling to Little Mexico.My favorite Mexican food place. Fresh food prepared daily. Does not give indigestion like other places. I eat from this place every few weeks.  Ice tea is fresh brewed. MaxBest Burrito in Phila..  It's fresh, delicious and about the size of a VW bug.Not a bad burrito but not a great one either. I went in on a weekday around 5pm and no one was in there - more of a lunchtime hub I guess. The spicy beef was just ok and I feel they could have mixed the ingredients a little better. You get a good amount for the price, and it's certainly a filling meal. I guess the reviews here hyped me up a little. Good for a burrito fix, but look for quality elsewhere.It's like a mom and pop Chipotle with better food and cheaper prices. Definitely will be back!Similar dining concept to Chipotle but slightly more pricer and the bowl is smaller. Customer service is really a hit or miss with this place. If you come during lunch, staff is a friendlier than in the evenings. My only issue is that when they add the beans, they don't properly drain the liquids so if you don't eat your food immediately expect to enjoy a soggy meal. The bowls are also in plastic bowls so sometimes it's cold.
On the plus side, the horchata is good here!A good amount of food for the money. It also tastes great. I would have given it only 4 stars but after reading the negative reviews from people who think baja fresh is better I had to bump it up another star to try to cancel their opinions out.People who complain that this food isn't authentic enough, are dumb.  I'd love for them to refer me to the marketing line they use where they claim to serve "the real tastes of Mexico" or some other such thing.
...
Oh yeah, they can't because no such claim is made.  You walk in, you see they serve burritos and you have a pretty good idea of what to expect.  You're going to get rice, beans, meat, cheese and sauce wrapped in a giant tortilla, and the final product is going to be about as big as your foot.  
The chorizo here is delicious, don't listen to anything the haters have to say.  As best I can tell, some reviewers just make things up and post them on here.The burrito was sour by the time I brought it home. I didn't even add sour cream or cheese.. maybe the gauc? And There was hardly any chicken in mine. Maybe it was last bits of chicken at the time. It costs more than Chipotle as well.Once upon a time (last year), I was in charge of bringing snacks to an annual trip with friends. I decided to bring a tray of guacamole and salsa along with chips from El Fuego. My friends snacked on it all night long and finished it up the next morning, they couldn't get enough and kept asking where I got it. This year it was not requested, it was demanded. So I braved the strong winds and rain, picked up my trays, chips, and dinner for myself, then hit the road to make my friends happy again. Thank you El Fuego!El Fuego is locally owned and they make tasty burritos using fresh ingredients.  When I worked in the area the line was always out the door at lunch time.  I stopped in here recently and realized I never wrote a review for this place.  There aren't a lot of decent places in the immediate area where you can get a tasty lunch for under $10.  Whenever I have to run an errand around here and I don't feel like fighting the crowds at Reading Terminal, there is where I head.
I'm a big fan of the veggie burrito bowl with all the fixins and some fresh chips on the side.  I've never had any problems with the service.  Great place for a casual lunch, whether you eat in or take out.Salad was just ok, but the tacos were really good.Holy crap! The guac is so good. I want it all day, every day.I love El Fuego! I come here all the time and am consistently impressed with their fresh, delicious food. Everything is fresh and delicious. Very reasonable prices and always a clean interior. Highly recommend this place for a quick bite or to sit down and eat.Exactly the type of gross Tex-Mex food that gives Mexican a bad name. This is a glorified Qdoba/Chipotle/Taco Bell, with booze. I am not sure if I went here with high expectations or if it was just terrible, but I was expecting real Mexican and basically got a pile of crap from a rude teenager putting blobs of sour cream everywhere. I didn't think that chorizo could ever taste bad, but they managed.
Skip this place and travel 8 blocks south to any Mexican restaurant you see for food that is about a grillion times better for half the price.Certainly beats Chipotle and Qdoba. Same concept but fresher, cleaner and tastier. Also they have yummy chips, guacamole and jaritos. Line is usually packed at lunch -- only because it's so good. Moves quick. Friendly staff and even though they don't do a great dinner business, all around good stuffI love this place, i would often eat so much i'd get sick. I also gained 10 pounds when i worked down the street from it. The pico de gallo is the freshest in the city, and the naked burrito is huge. Staff is really awesome and efficient too.Yummy yummy yummy. A favorite lunchtime spot. Modelo with a lime and a Vegetarian Burrito please! Also try the chips and salsa. I dont know what they do to their tortilla chips, but i can never get enough of them. They are some of the best. The guys running this place are always friendly, always willing to do something different for the finicky vegetarian (me) and always serving up the best burritos i have had in philly.  I love the family style seating, and watching people make fools of themselves trying to stuff giagantic burritos in their mouths gracefully (while I try and fail similarly to do the same) is always good lunchtime fun. In short, this place is a good choice. Try it!El Fuego is a great little lunch spot. It's comparable to a Chipotle but all homemade food. A little pricier but definitely worth it. It gets packed around lunchtime, so I'd definitely recommend going a little before or after noon. I always get a burrito bowl and have never been disappointed.I'm a chipotle fan through and through, but these burritos are top notch. The spicy beef, the chorizo, chicken all are delicious. Both offer skimpy meat portions, so double meat is a must. If in the area give it a go. I am there at least once a week.The guys behind the counter always have an attitude. The food is okay for quick Mexican. Better than chipotle. The meat needs to be pulled apart more. Service needs improvement - including the manager/owner. Attentiveness to your customers is key in the restaurant industry....I have eaten here twice now and have been fairly happy with their bowls.  I had the chicken both times.
Highlights: Meat preparation, texture, flavor profile. The Guacomole is also awesome.
Lowlights: my shredded cheese also had a large chunk of unshredded cheese (I think) in it.  This led me to feel that are perhaps rushed in preparation and aside from that, it shouldn't have made it into my food regardless.
Nice place for a decent bite to eat, don't expect to be amazed.Ok so there are a lot of reviews on here from people that actually eat those stupid rice filled burritos from the chain restaurants like Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. Do me a favor and go to the Southwest...pick a state...or even better, go to Mexico and go somewhere authentic, i.e. not a Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. and find me a burrito filled with rice. It won't happen because its not natural and its dumb...and...(last and)...its not delicious. 
The real beauty behind a burrito though is that its simple and anybody can get their burrito the way they want.  I want to say that people who like rice in their burritos are dumb...but that's not what burritos are about. They're about taking the most beautiful form of bread in the world, "the tortilla", and rolling it up with whatever you want! Some people, like Tim at work, want to put bacon in the burrito, others want yummy chicken, steak, chorizo, lengua, carnitas, chicharone, beans, and of course even (not yummy) rice in theirs. I can't give El Fuego 5 stars because there wasn't anything special or amazing about the place or the food, but, you do get to pick whatever you want to put in it (with limits, no penguin or kiwi), the tortillas are good, the guacamole is good, they have a few options on salsa, are authentic enough to have Tapatillo on the counters, and the guys behind the counters weren't jerks. Unless they were from New Jersey and I couldn't tell, then they would still be jerks, just subtle jerks. 
Oh yeah...the burritos are HUGE too, so that's nice too!El Fuego was pretty good, in my opinion.  Chill atmosphere, whatever whatever, and the food wasn't bad at all.
BUT my major major complaint, and this is only validated after having just gone to Chipotle for the first time - is that they seem to have awfully inflated prices.  Almost 10 bucks for a burrito that I got at Chipotle for 6 something, and the quality wasn't so much better that I was okay with the over-pricing.  
It's much closer to me than Chipotle though, so we'll see if I return when I am greatly craving a burrito.Went today for lunch. Looks like a trying-to-be-hipper version of Chipotle. Big 12:30PM line, took about 15 minutes to order and get food. 
Food was decent. For $7.50 I got a burrito with spicy beef, pinto beans, tomatillos red and green, cheese, rice, and lettuce. Honestly the flavor was just meh, more reminiscent of qdoba than chipotle. Nothing really stood out to me. It was fine, but I don't think I'll be getting it again anytime soon.When you walk in at lunchtime and the line is snaked around the restaurant and out the door, you know you've come to the right place. Don't let the line scare you, it moves super quick. The guys (& sometimes gals) behind the counter run a tight ship. 
Better know what you want: spicy beef anything - burrito, naked burrito, quesadilla. I'm sure the other stuff is great too, but I never stray from the delicious pulled-just-the-right-amount-of spicy beef. Salsas are fresh (try all 3 at once!) and the guacamole is awesome.
I love the community table seating or sitting at the windows - especially on a quirky day like Halloween for people watching. And Disco Friday is my fave! Good tunes are pumping and the disco ball is spinning. If it's nice out you can get your burrito to go and sit in Washington Square.What can I say, I really like this place. I would describe it best as a clearly superior version of Qdoba and Chipotle.Delicious. People who say Santa Fe Burrito is better than this place are insane. El Fuego is dangerously close to where I work (my co-workers are all obsessed), and while I typically hold out all week, by Friday I usually break down and march over for some burrito bowl goodness. 
Yes, the line is out of control on a sunny day during lunch hour. But they are seriously a well oiled machine... the only thing that slows them down is the people who come in with 10 custom orders for their entire office. And who likes those people, anyway? They're the worst.  
Now, the food... it's Tex Mex, but it's fresh and flavorful. The rice has a nice tang from cilantro and lime. The beans are seasoned. The chicken....mmmm. I've never gotten the chorizo, it's just too greasy for my taste, but the beef is also very yummy. I typically get a burrito bowl and sometimes I'll have them line the bottom with lettuce to make a sort of burrito salad. My favorite thing is the three salsas... the medium salsa verde and the red spciy are both delightful...combining both is the way to go.
My ONLY complaint would be cost... a burrito bowl with guac plus a drink runs me 11 or 12 bucks. Yikes.
I've only ever eaten in once because it was pouring outside, but during the day it gets crazy loud and crowded so it's less than ideal. Most importantly while I ALWAYS overstuff myself I never get a stomach ache from their food, which I find to be the case with so many places like this. And it's true, El Fuego is pretty similar to Chipotle, but in my opinion it definitely tastes more homemade and fresh.Nice design, Yummy, quick, good customer service, fresh relatively affordable food.  My one compliant is they need to clean the dining area more regularly, crumbs all over tables, chairs everywhere, etc.Not worth the $10 I spent. My burrito was blank and the steak was pretty dry.  The most flavorful thing in my burrito was the sour cream. The atmosphere here is pretty nice if you want to just be with friends for a quick lunch but not really a place for the food. I might come back and try something else out and see if my opinion of this place changesIf you would have told me that they do California style burritos and tacos in Philly, I never would have believed it, but El Fuego knows the formula and works it to perfection. 
The first time I had one of these modern Cali burritos (and I was born and raised in Southern Cal) was at a joint in San Francisco back in 1995. It was a small place that had a line out of the door. Everybody worked at a frenetic, almost Soup Nazi, pace.  Great place. I think they invented the formula.
Here's how it works. You've basically got a taco and burrito assembly line behind the counter. Start with the big or small flour tortillas, then several types of beef, pork, chicken, fish are in big steaming pans. The smell is terrific! Then all the extras and ingredients you could hope for. Black beans, refried beans, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, pico de gallo, shredded cheese, onions, sour cream.. the works. The guy assembles the whole thing in front of you, expertly (and miraculously) folds all of that deliciousness into something you can actually grab and lift without it falling out (after your fifth bite though you're on your own) and puts it in a little brown paper bag or red plastic basket.
They've got original Mexican soft drinks. Jarritos (but no Jamaica.) and you can stuff yourself for only 10 bucks. Service is fast  and there are some tables in the back and a big plasma playing. 
The only problem with El Fuego is that you might not get a seat during the rush.I love this place. They have the best tacos in philly. My favorite is their chicken tacos, it is very well season,  their guacamole is no doubt the best I ever tasted, and they have decent prices. They get very crowded during 11-2 but the line moves quickly.This is the go-to place for burritos in Market East. It has the consistent quality of a Qdoda or a Chipotle but to me the food is infinitely better, fresher, and more abundant. The burritos at this spot are generously stuffed with lots of yum. Nowadays I don't eat meat so the veggie burrito is where it's at for me but I had the chicken back in my carnivorous days and it was awesome with just the right amount of heat.
Be sure to get here right before the lunch rush - 11:45 seems to do it -- or you'll definitely be greeted at the door, by the line. It goes quick but I prefer to avoid the hassle. There isn't much seating so save this one for a day where you don't mind hoofing it over to one of the many green spaces in the area and pulling up a patch of grass.
Happy burrito-ing!I tried the veggie burrito today at an event that El Fuego catered and it was very good, even after it had been sitting out for over an hour! The ingredients were fresh and the burritos were packaged up well. Definitely will go back to this place!Great spot for a quick lunch.  You stand in line while the staff actually assembles your burrito w/ super fresh to death ingredients.  The babies are big enough to split w/ a co-worker, though I must say I have polished a few off by myself.I don't care.... this is what I heard from the server when told him that the way he has kept his beef curry... he is mixing all his beef curry with chicken and who so ever doesn't eat beef will have a trouble (including me). This can be easily solved by keeping the chicken in last so that it doesn't get mixed up with beef. The answer I got a rude "I don't care", if you don't want to eat, just walk away...
I wouldn't recommend anyone to try any checken dish who doesn't eat beef. Unless they fix this problem..There's a certain amount of cliche that must be digested with every Tex Mex burrito or taco. It's sort of a bland, salty taste that passes for overseasoning while it's really your psyche rebelling at the thought of even more fake Mexican food in your body. 
Sadly, El Fuego is no exception. It's the same ingredients, the same process, the same formula as your Moe's, Chipotle, Qdoba. Let's set aside my begruntled, waistline-growing, Tex-Mex glutton self and acknowledge El Fuego for it's contribution to the Center City fare. 
The price is right, and the atmosphere is inviting, no-frills. It's about the food here, and even if it won't change your worldview, it's always refreshing to eat somewhere that's more interested in their food than their aesthetic (a less and less prevalent approach). The chicken is stand-out, the steak is fine, and the chorizo could be good (however, when I had it, it was cold). 
My only serious complaint - what almost made me give it a 3-star review - is that the food on the assembly line should be kept warmer. That minor point aside, El Fuego is a good place to grab a quick meal on Walnut (a relatively unrivaled option in that area, unless you're looking to spend quite a bit more).I go to El Fuego once in a while for lunch and it's a pretty good burrito spot.  The quesadillas were good.  Nothing special in my opinion.   However, the burrito's won me over.  I've only had the marinated steak burrito with black beans, rice, lettuce, shredded cheese and I thought it was fresh and really hit the spot.  The guacamole is pretty good too.  
My lone complaint about this place is that it was really loud.  Like loud enough where I couldn't hear the guy taking my order.  I had to ask him to repeat himself because I honestly couldn't hear him and he became visibly annoyed.I came here expecting an awesome burrito with guacamole - what else is one supposed to think of with a sign that says "California burrito"?!  Imagine my disappointment that it is just another Chipotle-like restaurant with no standout ingredients.  I got the spicy beef - it was okay.  I wouldn't go back, though.This place is a cross between a Chipotle and a true San Diego style Mexican joint. The spicy steak was so flavorful and spicy enough to kick everything up a notch, without setting your mouth into flames. The burrito bowls looked delish and was a ton of food for 7 bucks. Super friendly and quick service.Another great spot for lunch in the Old City area. This place is a step above Qdoba, Chipotle etc.. The meat is a little better quality and you don't get that 'meat has been sitting out since 10AM' feeling. 
The line can get quite long during lunch but it moves fast as they have limited options (burritos, tacos, bowls). Only issue is they close quite early during the evenings so don't think about going here after 8 PM.I'm not as much of a maniac of burritos as many people are lately, but once in awhile I just get a hankering for gooey cheese, meat, sour cream and some guac. I work near many burrito options and upon a few recommendations, I finally tried out El Fuego.
I feel in El Fuego like I do when I go to most burrito places during my lunch hour: that I'm in the Soup Nazi episode of Seinfeld. I feel that even moreso in El Fuego because the lines are so much longer than they are at Chipotle and Qdobo plus the music playing is loud so there's a little pressure there to move along. When I get into line I know I want a chorizo or beef burrito, but when it gets to be my turn to let the burrito maker know what I want as toppings & fillings, I get a little frozen. Many choices and I feel like I'll be holding up the line if I dawdle making my choice. Eventually I do, but then sometimes after I get back to eat, I wish I'd filled my burrito with black beans instead of pinto and vice versa.
Anyway, I have now been to El Fuego twice and have tried the chorizo and the spicy beef, both which were great. I always get the spiciest salsa, which goes so nicely with all the fillings. The ingredients here are always really good and fresh. I loved, loved, loved the spicy beef and will definitely be getting that again. Whenever I get a burrito, I know that that's going to be pretty much all I'll eat that day. So yes, out of the 4 burrito places near my work, I rank El Fuego as #1, despite the Soup Nazi-feeling line.Always a place to go to if you want a filling, tasty and healthy lunch or dinner. The freshness of their food is what makes them standout. You can go here knowing you are gettin your monies worth. The chicken is juicy, the veggies are ripe, an their salsa verde is the best around. You do have to catch it at the right time though as seating is limited. And they do take orders over the phone.Unlike other burrito places in the city the portions are huge and the ingredients taste fresh.  I frequently travel to Southern California and while the burritos taste better, El Fuego does an excellent job.We work in the area and have had the El Fuego vs. Chipotle debate.  Hands down, El Fuego wins.  We have El Fuego Thursdays.  The line is long, but it is worth it.
Fresh ingredients, flavorful meats, and awesome condiments make this place my favorite spot.  Heck, I did not even LIKE guacamole until i ate here.  The pico de gallo always tastes amazing, and the chips are kickass.
The staff knows what they're doing to keep the line moving.  They are courteous and superfriendly.  Key points for a good lunch.  I'm having a hankering for a steak quesadilla just writing this review.Not good enough, especially when Sante Fe Burrito is right down the street. This restaurant is very popular with the lunch crowd, but not really worth it. When the main thing you can taste in your burrito is sour cream it just makes you feel blah. I'm not one of those people who are obsessed with burritos, but I know enough to know this one wasn't great. 
And the water in the soda fountain pours out so slowly, not that it's their fault at ALL, but it was 100 degrees yesterday and there were literally two lines, one for the burritos and one for the water machine.Great Quesadillas, and I love the Guac. Even though this place is a mini-chain, and may be considered fast food (which I stay away from), I call it my "healthy choice fast food".  Does that make sense?  Anyway, who cares - point is, this place is good and they have beer!!!I like to try different lunch spots and came across El Fuego. Small little Mexican spot with very good tacos. The chicken, beef and steak tacos were delicious.  It was $8 for (4) tacos and a large drink which was a good deal. 
The staff was friendly and the service was quick and efficient.I usually stop into this place when I swing by the Nuts to You next door. The staff is very nice, the owner especially is very down-to-earth and personable. 
The cuisine here is hands down some of the best I've had in the genre. Burritos as well as bowls here are delicious. As well as their soups.  Very very very filling! A million times more flavorful and delicious than Chipotle's corporate stuff. This place has a nice mom and pop vibe, mixed with good customer service and great food !Really should be a zero stars option. 
The food was terrible. "Beans" were mostly water, veggies gross, everything just kind of awful. Somehow they are using twice the amount of carbonated water than anywhere else...probably to cut back on the syrup costs. All the drinks tasted like perrier water with a little bit of sugar.
The service was horrible. The poor girl in front of me asked for pinto beans after the dude had moved her tacos down the line, and he replied "Thanks a lot"...apparently it's a major inconvenience to do your fucking job. Just a bunch of attitude and bad form.
This was my first time in an El Feugo. It's totally the Hardees of the San Francisco-style burrito places. Terrible.I arrived today just around 12:10 and was expecting a crazy line based upon the previous reviews.  There were about 5 other people in line, but since the line literally moved at the speed of light, my burrito bowl was complete and was paying probably within 2 minutes of walking through the doors.  As I was walking out a large group came in, and suddenly the line was out the door (talk about perfect timing).
I ordered the chicken bowl with black beans, salsa, guac, sour cream & cheese, for a total of $10.10.  My meal was delicious and totally satisfying, and I am certain that I wil be back.  The portion was a little large for me to finish in one sitting, so I only wished they had a more heating friendly container - as I doubt this clear plastic would bode well in the microwave.
Good fast food at a fair price = no complaints from me.El Fuego reminds me of Freebird's burrito in Texas.  I feel the food and service is pretty good for a burrito assembly line restaurant.  The happy hour posted looked like a good value, and will surely bring me there after work some day.  The only real flaw I noticed was in the meat.  I found my beef somewhat not tender & seasoned as I have had before, but other than that the place is great!  Kudos!After opening just over 10 minutes late, I asked for a discount on my food since I was waiting outside in the rain. Upon asking the gentleman at the register, he informed me "it's not our fault, the food wasn't ready" and told me "I'm just telling you what's going on" when I looked surprised. He gave me 40 cents off my lunch cost. I was disappointed, as I work nearby and frequently came here for lunch.My co-workers seem to rave about this place but I didint find it any different than Chipotle or Qdoba. the burrito bowl was pretty good- but sill standard taste.
Takeout was quick and easy.El fuego has to be one of my favorite places to eat. There food is always fresh and great tasting. Last time i visited I found out that the have a happy hour. I fell in love drinking a dos equis and eating my delicious burrito covering it in hot sauce. I'm starting to fiend for a burrito I so be visiting again soon. Yea and next time I visit I will be crowned duke so why not?I love El Fuego. I visit at least once a week. The service is excellent and they have the best Mexican Food in Center City Philadelphia.  Also a plus for having Level Up.Where else can you find fresh Mexican food that offers beer and good guacamole?
I'm a wimp with spicy food, but their food is a little hot for me, but I can deal with it because the food is so fresh and tasty. The staff is top notch. The line is usually out the door around lunch time so go early or later.
Tip: They offer good happy hours specialsOkay, I've tried El Fuego three times.  I had no desire to go back after the first time, but it's a block away from work and people rave about it, so I figured I just hit an "off" day.  The first time I had a burrito, second time tacos and today a quesedilla.  I've had way better, even in Philly.   I think "meh" pretty much sums up the taste of the food.  Everyone points out that it's fresh, which I suppose is usually better than frozen, but if it's lacking in flavor and not prepared well, it doesn't do much good.
The service was okay, I guess.  The girl who took my order today was completely confused when I asked for a cheese quesedilla.  Apparently you can only get it with meat or veggies (read: a couple of peppers and onions) and she put beans in it.   I'd never had a quesedilla with beans in it but I thought, "what the hell, I like beans."   
I think my biggest problem with this place is the sogginess factor.  They don't use a slotted spoon to drain the beans so you get a bunch of water in your burrito/tacos/quesedilla.  It makes it very messy, and just plain unpleasant to eat.  
And what's with the loud dance music?  It makes my head hurt and I sure wouldn't want to eat in because you can barely talk to your friends over the music.  
Maybe I'm just missing something, but I'm just not getting the four and five star ratings.   The main reason for the second star is that they serve Jarritos sodas.  That would only be better if they served the Jamaica flavor.
Would it kill them to offer nachos?  They have all the ingredients but don't serve them.  I have to say I love some good nachos, so if they put them on the menu they might be able to redeem themselves to me.Yo quiero el feugo.  I went here for the first time tonight and I'll be going back.  I was always a fan of the Qdoba/Chipotle chains, so it's nice to have a local, non-chain, fat-burrito place within walking distance.
The choices are nearly identical to those of the chain variants, and prices are right on the mark.  $6.95 for the burrito.  Throw in a big basket of chips n salsa for $2.25.  (I won't go through the whole menu, you can check their website for that.)
Bonus: This place has a small bottled beer selection, Corona X and Light, Sol, Negra Modelo, Yuengling, Amstel...  
Double Bonus: M-F Happy Hours from 4-7pm; beer is only $2.  That's actually a really good deal.  Won't find $2 Yuenglings everywhere.
TIP: $10 minimum purchase on CCs.  (Luckily with my burrito, chips, and drink, I just hit the min.  Perfect meal.)
The place was a little dark inside.  They had one TV going with ESPN on.  ...and some loud (borderline obnoxious) music blasting, which was a little weird since it's not a real bar or club.  
I didn't have any problems with the staff as some people had, but I'll be keeping notice on that during my next visits.  So far, nothing I've experienced will keep me from going back.This is my go to burrito place in Philly. It's more California Mexican than anything authentically Mexican (think a better tasting Chipotle or Qdoba).
I like the fresh and flavorful ingredients and the price is on par with the not-so-tasty chains, so it's definitely a great place to go when you are in a rush and want something flavorful and slightly spicy.
I've been coming to this place for 4 years and the only reason I didn't give this place a better rating is because the staff is just so rude and unfriendly. There are 1 or 2 people that I like, but the majority of them seriously need an attitude check.Ever since starting a job in the area, I've been looking for a place that serves  "San Francisco" style burritos.  These are the closest I've found, with all food prepared fresh on the premises. Nothing fancy here, just basic burrito counter service with choice of meat, rice and toppings.DELISH!  Large delicious burritos!  Amazing fresh salsa and guac!  "Naked burritos" is good as well!  .....hmmm.... now I want one.Definitely the best burritos in the immediate area.
Ingredients are fresh, Tapatio is on the table and you can order beer.  I would definitely recommended El Fuego over nearby Santa Fe burrito or El Azteca.  
For merely comparison reasons, consider El Fuego to be a slightly better, more local version of Chipotle....with better music.best place for tacos or burritos in philadelphia. probably best in the country... but im not qualified to say so.The food was delicious, hot, and flavorful! The staff was very friendly with quick service during the lunch rush. Loved it!I highly recommend EL FUEGO.  Fresh, clean, made to order tex/mex is consistently great here.  So much so that my employees and I eat here everyday for lunch.  The employees are quick professional and friendly.  Eat there once and YOU will be back everyday too!I recently began an attempt to eat as vegetarian as my tastes will allow, after having spent my first 23 years eating meat at every meal, every day. My difficulty has always been in finding vegetarian food that fills me up, (or that I want to eat enough of to get full). When I began working a block away from El Fuego, the hardest part of that task - eating lunch during the workday - was solved. I get a vegetarian naked burrito four days a week, and have been doing so for nearly 6 months. Not only are they deliciously fresh and flavorful, but I get FULL. Like, 'I wish it were kosher to take a post-lunch nap at work' full. Food coma full. And yet...I have been losing weight. Quite a bit, actually.  
Now, I am a creature of habit, so maybe 4 servings of El Fuego a week isn't for everyone, and their meats look DELICIOUS, so you needn't be limited to their vegetarian options. But if you struggle to find a meatless way to love the hell out of your workday lunch, I can give no higher praise and recommendation. BTW, I'd go with naked burrito ("bowls" they now call them) if you're taking your food elsewhere, cuz the tortilla will be messy and wet by the time you get where you're going.