was a bit disappointed with their tacos al pastor.  had a lot of meat but were slightly bland and no pineapple.  the tacos al pastor at Los Taquitos de Puebla nearby are much better.  salsa's were a bit bland, too.  will not be returning.Very tasty n authentic food. Reasonably priced too. Will definitely visit again for some more jalapeño stuffed chicken tacos!!Shrimp burrito is amazing, I dream about it every night. Always fast delivery. 2 thumbs way up.Man oh man this place is a sea of awesome foods and you will not know which one to get. Walking in you see a tiny little place that seems very homey and family owned. Looking at the menu you see fantastically delicious and overwhelming perfect dishes all smothered in cheese and sauce and awesomeness.
I got the nachos cause nachos are the best. Friends of mine got the burrito, quesedillas, and enchiladas and all were as magical as riding on a rainbow during sunset.
Food was good, service was mediocre. But honestly, the food was so good I didn't care.
Go, it's brilliant.I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but I do enjoy a good taco. In my admittedly limited opinion, El Jarocho has the best in the City. Their steak tacos are excellent, forcing me to make a weekly trek down there despite the fact that I live in University City. I've tried the Mexican Burrito once, and while it was ok, I just can't help ordering the steak tacos with a Mexican Coke and flan for desert every time. Aside from that, the chips with the pinkish/orange dip is a great combination. Another positive: the place is BYOB, so you can come in with a six pack of Modelo Especial or a bottle of Cuervo if you so desire. 
On the downside, they have one waitress who doesn't speak English especially well and tends to mess up my order slightly (I always get my steak tacos without onions). Now that I know what a "cebolla" is I don't think that will be a problem anymore.I'm glad I gave this place a chance, as I got nervous from the neon sign screaming "Tacos" and shaped like a Taco Bell taco.  Try to understand where I am coming from - I have been traumatized by some terrible food here in the city and/or puzzled about things like putting cheddar and lettuce in a taco.
Their tacos are actually very good and huge, so you get filled up.  The meat reminded me a lot of tacos in California, and that's a good thing.  And no damned  lettuce and cheddar cheese.  My boyfriend got a chicken burrito that was the size of an adult cat and he said it was delicious.  I want to try their burritos next, though it will be a tall order to beat out a San Francisco burrito.
The service for take-out was a little slow, but I could see that there were a gazillion delivery orders they were getting ready before I came in.  The waitresses were nice and the interaction gave me the chance to use what little Spanish I have.
Oh, and they have champurrado.  FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Other posters say this place is inexpensive, though I think that's relative.  I'm used to paying (when I lived in Cali) 1-1.50 for a taco and under 6 for a burrito, and under 10 for a non-seafood plate.  This place, and all others in Philly that I know of cost far more than that.  I guess Mexican is more of a treat here, rather than the staple it is in Cali, hence it's something you get when you have extra money, not something to go out and eat everyday.  But I digress...Yesterday 3/14 I decided to eat in El Jarocho. I ordered enchiladas de mole con pollo with horchotta to drink. The enchiladas were very good not spicy at all. The food was served very fast. Before the food was served chips were given with salsa verde on the side along with another sauce that I'm not sure what it was called. The other sauce was delicious! I will be back here again soon. Thanks for another delicious meal El jarocho!I'll keep this one short and sweet. I've been here 3 times now.  Good, authentic Mexican food! Have the Pasole, it's high quality! Only wish they offered a side of oregano and pepper flakes with it. Good tacos and even better Carne Asada. Guacamole is fresh and service is ok. I definitely recommend! I'll be back soon!sssshhhhhh go away....don't go here. 
Let it remain pure. Let it remain simple. 
Mexican simplicity done artfully in a low-key,but tasteful environment. 
Service was impeccable. Food was excellent. Prices were fair. Selection was awesome. 
Get it now before something changes.This place is a little hole in the wall place in Bella Vista right near the Italian Market. Their menu is extensive and very cheap, with portions being more than generous. The servers are always pleasant and ensuring you are enjoying everything and checking up on you. I tend to switch between the tacos and burritos, but I have also tried some of their entrees and have never been disappointed. They start the table off with free chips and salsa (as well as this creamy sauce). It is super filling and super tasty; I would definitely recommend this authentic mexican place to anyone who is looking for cheap, tasty, and filling eats!I suggest getting take out from this place. The food is excellent but the service is terrible.Great shrimp burrito! Great, homemade food. They also have an extensive menu. Also had their horchata which was good but very sweet (typical). 
It's a small place and while their prices are good, I think it's a few dollars more per item then I would expect from the location and type of food.This my second favorite place for authentic Mexican food, great food, service and prices also a great place for breakfastThis is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly! I come here or order delivery pretty often. The service is decent and food is AMAZING!!  It's reasonably price for the huge serving size. They are very quick! 
I have tried their tacos al pastor but their bistec encebollado it's heaven and huge! Definitely recommend it.I was in the area for an appointment and looking for a place to grab a bite and -- whoa! 300+ reviews?  And this place is within a 2-min walk of where I'm standing?  Off I go!  It looks like a family-owned restaurant and is pretty spartan in general - maybe 6-8 tables, 1 waitress, etc.  I was the only person eating there the entire time I was there (granted, I was there on a week night a little before dinner hours).  The phone was ringing almost nonstop though, I assume from take-out orders.  
Complimentary chips to start with.  My bistec dish was huge.  The meat was a little saltier than I would have liked but nevertheless, a large size.  Tons of sauteed onions, fresh guacamole, accompanied with pico de gallo, rice, and beans.  I ate all I could and still had tons of leftovers.  Not a huge space if you're bringing a large group - like I said, kind of spartan; tiny bathroom, 1 server, etc - but more than satisfying for a hungry diner.When I moved to Bella Vista, my new roommates raved about this Mexican place nearby. Although I had loyalties to Taqueria Veracruzana, one evening I decided to check out El Jarocho for a change.
It's not a very large place, maybe seating for 20 max, so if you're with a large group you should prob call ahead. But it's welcoming, with kitschy Mexican/southwest decor. The two TVs are usually blaring Mexican shows, often soccer games, for a nice change of pace (unless that's what you usually watch, i guess).
Service is friendly, although it might be a little slow if they're swamped during the dinner rush. I don't usually mind, because I'm chomping on the complimentary freshly-made corn chips with salsa and this amazing creamy pink sauce. Brilliant.
Food is decently priced, with burritos in the $8-9 range. My favorite is the house specialty, Jarocho Burrito, packed with large shrimp in a spicy sauce. Also good is the Azteca, with pork and tasty nopales (sliced cactus). They're in pretty sizable portions, enough to save for later unless you've really got an appetite. I've been meaning to try the specialty dishes, but I'm way too into the burritos.
Other pluses are that they're BYOB, they take credit cards, and they deliver (including that mysteriously addictive pink sauce). Move over, Veracruzana, I've got another favorite.I dig it... I've been a couple times and haven't been put off... that seals it for me - they're the big winners.
But I never did get my car back from the valet....Cheapest, most delicious steak burritos.
If the bright, neon lights on its windows promising "Burritos, Tacos, and Enchiladas" don't get you in the mood, then the smells of steak, chorizo, and bell peppers wafting out into the street will surely call to your taste buds.  A little South Philly haven for Mexican food junkies and late-night stumble-upons alike, everything about this place is authentic, from the mi casa es su casa atmosphere to the Virgin Mary shrine in the corner.
Love the atmosphere. An array of colorful Mexican Jarrito sodas lines the countertop.  Behind this, cooks expertly chop, flip, and dice on sizzling grills.  Beautiful men and women on telenovelas are displayed on screens above.  
A waitress ushers you to a table where woven trivets, fake flowers, and a bottle of Cholula hot sauce sit.  She produces two bowls of dip and a basket of thick, crunchy chips.  The salsas are an unnamed mystery and vary between five different flavors on any given day, but the best is a creamy white sauce that tastes like sour cream and a touch of chipotle - great for cooling down spicy foods.  
I literally order the same thing every time I come here: the steak burrito. And for good reason. It's entirely worth the $8.00 considering it's about eight inches long and three inches thick. It might as well be two for the price of one.  Usually prepared in less than ten minutes (if it's not busy), it's jam packed tight with savory strips of steak, hearty beans, fluffy rice, cheese, diced tomatoes, lettuce, onion, and delicious chunks of cilantro.  Its outside is delicately drizzled with sour cream.  Served on the side is a salad of lettuce, tomato, and some sort of crumbly cheese.  The presentation is very flattering and you're often faced with the decision to eat it with a fork and knife or to just pick it up and get your hands messy. I prefer the latter. Scrape the sour scream off with the side of your fork and pick it up dos manos style. Dig in.
Hint: A drop of Cholula with a spoonful of the mystery white sauce complements the burrito's flavors perfectly.  Trying to stomach the whole thing in one sitting can be a daunting task, but a refreshing bottle of Coke helps to ease it down.  You might be too stuffed to stand up afterwards, but for the price you paid, it was well worth it.Had a fantastic burrito, and their guacamole is spicy and amazing. They have a great choices at good prices, and are a standout in an area with several other good Mexican options. Not much seating in the restaurant though, so takeout may be the way to go.After trying dozens of very very good Mexican restaurants in South Philly of which there is no shortage,I have settled on EL Jericho.The food is always fantastic weather I eat in or have it delivered nice staff great placeNot impressed at all. I went here because my husband raved about this place and their shrimp burrito. It was very pricey and in my opinion not worth it. I would rather Taco Bell. Not sure what their other food is like but from my experience I'm not sure I'd try anything else.El Jarocho reminds me of home cooking I grew up on. When I get homesick, I order a side of beans and rice and some new menu item or make the short trip from Center City over 13th and Ellsworth. I've brought so many people to the restaurant and have ordered take out from them so many times that the delivery man, Orlando, recognizes my voice.
My most ordered menu item: torta de milanesa de res. I adore tortas. Call me simple, but they're one of my favorite foods, mostly for nostalgic reasons. Their tacos are delicious too. El Jarocho's al pastor rivals some of the al pastor I've had back at home in LA and they're always willing to add extra pineapple to my order of tacos. I personally enjoy that their tacos come with a side of spicy sauteed cactus but I have had them be a little too overcooked and salty.
Their takeout is always quick and fresh, but as a native Spanish speaker, I have had a little difficulty ordering. I've given my address in both English and Spanish only to receive a call a little later asking me to repeat where I want my food delivered. Nothing too bothersome but something to look out for if you're not a Spanish speaker. 
Eating in is pretty nice too. It's a BYOB, not in the sense that you can bring in tequila and expect them to bring out margarita glasses and a pitcher of mixers, but you can bring in a cooler of beer. 
I usually skip bringing booze in because they have a pretty great selection of glass bottle Mexican sodas - especially my beloved Sangria and Mexican Squirt. They also serve horchata but unfortunately it's one of those pre-mixed dispensed ones, like the ones found at little Mexican mall joints in the Valley, versus the giant glass barrels filled with fresh made horchata. I don't think they serve agua frescas however they do make their own squeezed juices. 
Long story short, this place is amazing. Don't expect anything fancy but the food and people are what keep you coming back. The place is clean but on the small side but they're accommodating to groups for up to 6 people.Just ordered delivery and it. was. AMAZING. Their carnitas tacos were perfect as usual. Some restaurants have too much cartilage and fat in their carnitas but these are always excellent. Showed up quickly and still hot when they arrived. But the sauce. They gave me the white sauce for the first time and this sauce is indescribable. I could put it on everything and it would be delicious. El Jarocho is one of the best Mexican spots in Philly!I ordered 3 tacos- El Pastor, pollo y carne asada. My favorites were the pollo y carne asada. The el pastor lacked the little sweetness I usually like from the pineapple- just sort of wished it had been more pronounced. But, all of the meat was tender, moist, and the portions were generous. Sometimes, with your chicken or steak taco comes the unwelcome puddle of grease the meat has been sitting in, but not here- just enough moisture without the unwelcome guest...
The guacamole and salsa were just okay and the tortilla chips were a little meh. The tacos though- they totally make another, and another, and another visit totally worth it.Why didn't I go here when I lived 5 blocks away? Sigh
So do you like burritos as big as your head? I sure as heck do! 
Seriously this is my favorite place for date night, and it is cheap!
First things first...The chips are super yummy and still warm, the dipping sauce and salsa num num num.  I can get my Pina Jarrito...tasty. 
On to the food. The portions are huge and everything is amazing. The now have a Jarocho Torta( I think that is what it is called) and it is seriously something out of man vs food. Huge doesn't even come close to the size of this beast. It takes the whole specials board to list all of the ingredients on this monster....one being a chorizo omelette! 
It is on the small side so a head's up...I assume it can get really busy at certain times. 
I could go on and on about this joint but I'll end this by saying get there pronto tonto.2 words: shrimp tacos!... oh and add some guacamole, lime, cilantro and onion. 
absolutely outstanding.. really, El Jarocho! 
you are top notch in my book as far as great authentic mexican food. 
I am already looking forward to our next timeWe can't seem to go more than about 2 weeks (sometimes less...) from ordering El Jaorcho's delicious, authentic, affordable mexican goodness. The portions are enormous and the flavors are consistently spot on. 
Our regular favorites are the Mixed Fajita (which is enough to feed 3 hungry people), the Tacos Al Pastor, the Enchiladas Verde (YUM!), the Vegetarian Burrito, the Shrimp Fajitas (again, massive), and ALWAYS with a side of Guacamole (which although the priciest item--is well worth it!)
The refried bans are the best I've ever had and just thinking about the Verde sauce is making my mouth water!
They will deliver just about anywhere with a large enough order. You will not be disappointed!The food was good, but cramped quarters, lousy service and too long a wait make this a no-return for me.  Best suited for take-out.I love this place with all my heart. As a CA transplant, I am always craving a great burrito or tacos and El jarocho hits the spot. The meat isn't as crispy as some of the taco trucks out west, but it is flavored well. The salsa here is really what puts this place over the top. Their salsa verde, creamy jalapeno salsa, and spicy chipotle salsas are to die for. I always get this for delivery and am never disappointed with the taste, speed, or prices. They are cash only if you order delivery, so keep that in mind. It is a little hole in the wall so it is nice for smaller groups, and is BYO.Me n my girl come here at-least once maybe twice , maybe even three times a month for a shrimp and steak burritos, which are phenomenal btw, there salsa and chips too,( which are complementary while eating in) but my eyes have opened all the way when I took a left out my comfort zone and chose there ALAMBRE!!!! You will never look at Mexican food the same ever again. I would give them 10 stars if I could. I will continue to be a regularBest tacos in South Philly, maybe all of Philly. The Cantina has nothing on this place. If you're having trouble sleeping, get the burrito because it's huge and delicious and will induce an immediate food coma. The guac is homemade and a gigantic portion. The tacos are authentic. Tortilla chips appear homemade as well.I grew up in Southern California, and lived on the West coast for 25 years, so I feel like I can judge what tacos from a taqueria should taste like. I've been to El Vez and Pico De Gallo (which I also like alot) but the carnitas here was just the way I like it! The tacos were piping hot, there was tapatio and salsa (also great). Its also super cheap! $6 for 3 tacos, which are pretty much bursting, seems like a screaming deal as far as I can tell in Philly. Washed down with a mandarina Jarritos and basked in the glow of Telemundo, it felt like I was back home in California.Best Tacos of all time.So much flavor!So juicy!I ordered the steak tacos with side of sour.If you're looking for super authentic Mexican place this is the place to be.Atmosphere is pizza shop like but prices are very cheap also.I have tried Loco pez (great atmophere ) or Prima Pizza Taqueria (Great after hours tacos) and this the place to be if you're interested sorely in food and flavor.I get tacos (on occasion something else) from here 1-3 times a month.
Good stuff.  In a pinch, I might prefer Acapulco on 9th better, but just barely.  Probably by about the margin Phelps beat Cavic for that gold medal.I ordered online something called alambre which had a price of 12 dollars ...when I went to pick it up they charged me 16.20!!!!!....are they serious. ..overpriced place never going there again. ...for that price I could of gotten 2 dishes in any other Mexican place. . 
Carisimo restaurant no lo recomiendo. ..A couple of colleagues of mine had El Jarocho deliver to our office and was pleasantly surprised on how flavorful the Al Pastor Tacos were.  Besides the great flavor, the portion sizes were just right for a quick lunch.  The pork was cooked well and above all the spices/sauces complimented the tacos perfectly.Another neighborhood joint that I would not describe as a hole in the wall. Telemundo or some variant, and soccer are always on the television when you walk in. Service is attentive, and the food comes quick.
I only get the vegetarian burrito and some of the sides here, and they alone are enough to keep me coming back. Of course with any Mexican cuisine, I practice a bit of don't ask don't tell in regards to it being vegetarian. If you're worried, the pico de gallo is well worth the price. Definitely wish they had more options.
Also, it's clean and you can see straight into the kitchen, which a lot of Philly places seem to be lacking. Maybe this takes away from the atmosphere for those seeking the stereotypical?
I have no idea what authentic Mexican food tastes like, so I guess everyone else that does is either Mexican, has traveled to Mexico, or dated a Mexican and been invited home for dinner.We love their food, often do take out or delivery.
We usualy get the Fajita Mixtas which are very tasty we order Pico de Gallo often.
Fast deliveryHorrah! EXCELLENT AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD.
Does ANYTHING ELSE even matter???
I have been here at least 3 times. The food is the best mexican food in Philadelphia (that I've had so far) and is authentic mexican food that you would find IN Mexico/ South America. 
Inside everything is authentic Mexican as well. The decor, the tv stations, the music, the spanish menus, etc. 
The place is small and doesn't have a ton of room but doesn't matter, the tables are still spaced far enough apart.
This place is fast, affordable, and has delicious, authentic food that is not easy to find in Philly. If you're not one for crazy authentic mexican food and dishes that you haven't heard of before, just stick to the tacos. These are well made, simple and taste great. They have a good set of homemade sauces and spices that you can supplement your food with that isn't just run of the mill hot sauce or even salsa. They have pretty generous portions too so you'll always leave this place full.
The only thing I disliked about this place is that the delivery guy complained right at the door about his tip and kept telling me how far he had to come and that it was cold. I tipped the standard amount and I don't appreciate that at all. That's not going to convince me to suddenly grab my wallet and just take everything I have in there and give you more money, it's going to convince me to not order delivery from you ever again. They also don't take credit cards for delivery.  
Will come back here often and recommend it to anyone who likes real mexican food. If you live close by then get delivery. If you live far away, you're better off coming in. (Kind of the opposite idea here but that's what the delivery boy taught me.)Before I walked through the wonderful doors to this amazing place, I admit my friends, I had no idea what Al Pastor style tacos were. All these years, lost and confused and without this most delicious thing in my life. How did I live? Eat? Well no more. My eyes and tummy have been changed. 
These tacos are a slow roasted pork in a chili sauce topped with chunks of real pineapple to break down the meat to a tender, rich, and flavorful taco filling. As soon as you take a bite you get the spicy, the salty, the sweet... it is all there and exploding on your taste buds like the crescendo of an 80's rock love ballad. Awesome. 
Take these tacos down with a real sugar Coke and life is good. Real good. If beer is your flavor catch a 6 pack on your way over, no liquor license but BYOB is the name of the game!
This little place packs a most delicious punch that cannot be missed!We go to lunch here at least once a month. Enchiladas Verdes is my go to dish. Tender white meat chicken, queso fresco, chopped onion, and super delicious savory green sauce and rice and beans. I think it's actually a breakfast dish but it's just awesome and you can get anything on the menu at any time. If you're hungry get the triple enchiladas which comes with green, red and mole sauce! Very good burritos tacos and Mexican sandwiches too. I love the complimentary chips and fresh salsas they put on the table upon arrival. Oh yea!Very good food! I had the steak and bacon something-or-other. Good price for a huge meal.A swell place to go to avoid the sorts that haunt the Cantina, as well as the crowds that tend to build up 'round La Lupe.
It's best to get food to go here, they only have a few tables in the dining area.
Otherwise, their food is amazing. My boyfriend got tacos that were spilling out of the shells in all their sloppy gloriousness. I had a craving for tamales (which is why we got Mexican food in the first place) and was sad to see them not listed on the menu... but don't be fooled! You just have to ask for them. They're super cheap, too, p'haps about a $1-1.50. Their side dish of rice and beans is HUGE and can easily be split between two people. Unless you want leftovers for later.Parking was a breeze and there seems to be a good amount of bike parking also. We were greeted with menus and a smile. Chips are served as an appetizer with salsa roja and a sauce I'm not familiar with, but would like to get to know more(chipotle mayo, for the gringos I'm sure). The menu is extensive, including breakfast and weekend specials. Very authentic options, no chimichangas here. Every flavor of Jarritos if you were wondering. Very large portions and robust flavor. Would definitely come back.I have found a replacement for Jose Taco (still missed)! I had the vegetarian burrito, a friend got the chicken burrito, and we had guac on the side. We got complimentary chips and salsa to begin with, and that green salsa is like addicting. It's so spicy and so delicious. I asked what was in the other dip, and it's mayo and cheese...I didn't like it. The burritos were quickly made, and were so good, which is all I really care about so 5 stars!
They could redo their menu, it's a bit hard to read. Not a con for me, because I loved the food I got so much.
Update: So I've been back, and the salsa and burrito weren't as spicy. It was kind of a let down, but I'll try asking next time.I came here with a friend to eat a few weeks ago.  The food was excellent and the service was quick and friendly.  I would certainly returnYummy!! Flavors are on point, freshness on point, happy tummies on point. I'm a guacamole lover and theirs is pretty good, taste like they make it when you order it. Had a couple dishes from here that garnered my first word. The surf and turf (chichen, shrimp and steak dish) delicious.  The churiqueso (steak and sausage dish delicious. The spicy shrimp dish (#54) delicious. I heard their tacos, enchiladas and burritos are all delicious. All these delicious things at 1 small, neat place.My boyfriend and I went to El Jarocho for the first time the other night, after hearing great things about the place, and we were not disappointed.
I was sort of upset they only serve the famed slow-cooked lamb on the weekends, but we settled for the beef ribs in red adobo (costillas de res in adobo rojo) and the Mexican steak with tomato and jalapeno (no onions).  Both were served with refried beans, a nice dry Mexican rice and a side of warm corn tortillas. Nothing fancy -- just simple, homey and delicious!
My favorite was the beef rib entree  -- the cross-cut ribs came drowning in a spicy, thick, maroon-colored sauce, and they were just falling off the bone. I swear I can't get them out of my mind. 
Can't wait to go back! If they served booze, this place would be perfect!The bf and I was craving Mexican food so instead of trying to find a fancy spot we decided to try a mom and pop Mexican restaurant. 
There's no parking lot so your best bet is street parking. We got lucky and found parking nearby. The restaurant is small with 2-2 seaters, 2-4 seaters and 2 -6 seaters. 
We got complimentary chips and dip. Then we ordered nachos which came with just pico de gallo. We expected some cheese on it but we didn't make a fuss out of it. I got the camarones al ajillo ( garlic shrimp)  and that bf got chicken tacos. As we got our food , the bf was not satisfied with his order. Instead of tacos he got fried rolls topped with a mountain of lettuce and cotija cheese. My order came out lovely and very tasty however the plate was overwhelmed with oil! With my garlic shrimp I had yellow rice and a side of salad.  It would have been a great plate but that oil was all over my rice and even my salad. I couldn't finish my plate  because of the thought my arteries were getting clogged up as I ate. 
Overall experience was ok.I am a big fan of El Jarocho - it may be my favorite hole-in-the-wall Mexican place in all of Philadelphia. I've only ever gone to the store to eat, so I can't speak to the delivery service. However, you will not be disappointed. 
Their best meat is probably carnitas, although chorizo comes in a close second. Try it on their tacos or burritos, which are both ample in size. Their al pastor is a little bit too dry for my taste, but throw some of their just-spicy-enough guac on there and you'll have no problem eating their offerings. 
All in all, great Mexican food. Sometimes, the service can be a bit slow, especially since they only have the one person waiting on tables, BUT if you are not in a rush and are looking for great Mexican food, definitely try this place!For my money, this is the best, and I am not exaggerating, the best Mexican food in the entire city. I have never had a bad meal there, either from taking out or eating in. Everything is fresh and delicious, and I can't stress this enough.
The one major downside is there is no online ordering, and the woman who answers the phone does struggle with her English. She is super friendly and you just have to work with her, but it can be a struggle sometimes. Through it all though, they never get an order wrong and everything is perfect all the time.If not the best taco in town, El Jarocho's is clearly within the top 5.  Be sure to ask for the different salsa's they don't just offer them outright - there is a great creamy jalapeño and chipotle.Tacos are excellent, you can get a $9 huge burrito, quick and friendly service... and my favorite thing is the amazing sauce that comes with the chips and salsa (I also like to put it on my tacos). Will definitely be back!Excellent, fresh, delicious food!!!!! Quality ingredients. Good portion sizes. Good service. Clean spot. Best authentic mexican food.been looking for the hole in the wall mexican restaurant and this is it!
house made chips with 2 different salsas (actually ours was a verde salsa and a creme salsa), al pastor tacos stuffed to the max with warm corn tortillas and radishes and great enchiladas with verde sauce.  the horchada is pretty great too.  
fyi: the enchiladas and the tacos are on their breakfast and lunch menus which you can order anytime.
we'll be back!Come here for the nopales. Stay for the tamales. The mole tamal is out of this world. Great for breakfast.A small place with only a few tables, but every time I go there seems to be one empty...  (Did I mention:Free Delivery!) amazing food and the prices aren't bloated. I personally only stop in for a quick order of tacos or a burrito, but they have a rather extensive menu with breakfast and dinner entrees as well. What makes them different from the masses of other South Philly taquerias is the sheer amount of wonderfully cooked pork/beef/etc they pile on. Like most good Mexican restaurants, you get your money's worth... Try their beef tongue tacos! Best Mexican in Philly!My favorite spot for Mexican in Philadelphia. As played out as it is to get nachos at a Mexican place, they make the best I've had.Absolutely Great!!! Found this place on Thrillist.com under best taco shops... They were 100% correct!!! Authentic Mexican, fast service and fresh food. Made to order and chips and salsa on the house. Salsa verde is perfect, just spicy enough to enjoy with the homemade chips. Portions are satisfying large and the service was quick and friendly. Highly recommended!WOW!  This is the most tender Al Pastor I've ever had!  A huge burrito comes with rice, beans, cheese, al pastor and grilled fresh pineapple.  They put the lettuce, pico de gallo, and sour cream on the side, so you can reheat the leftovers and not have soggy microwaved lettuce in there!  Genius!  We also tried the nachos, which was shared by two of us... we could've had a third person too.I turned to Yelp for good Mexican and found El Jarocho!
The place was fantastic!  I went for a late lunch and was the only customer there.  Service was fast & friendly.  Tortilla chips and a creamy green sauce were thrown in with the meal.  My giant burrito of chorizo and chopped vegetables TOTALLY hit the spot!  And meanwhile Mexican pop music played on and on, with the horns and dance beats providing the perfect accompaniment!
The last time I had a Mexican food experience this good was in the Mission district of San Francisco.  Maybe people from out West won't think El Jarocho is special, but for us here in Philly?  Man!  It's the best there is!  Definitely try El Jarocho next time you're in South Philly.  You won't be disappointed!One of those places that makes you want to move to the neighborhood. Not fancy in any way, but who cares if the food is tasty? I particularly like the tacos - I've tried the chorizo and chicken-stuffed pepper ones. First of all, seasoned chicken inside of a deep fried jalepeño is wonderful enough. But then these people had the audacity to put that into a taco. May Jah pour blessings in this restaurant's direction. I also enjoyed an enchilada with mole sauce once. I really like exploring their menu - a lot of great options!
I also recommend ordering an horchata - their version is heavy on cinnamon, which was a pleasant surprise. 
I look forward to coming here many more times in the future.I crave burritos on the reg. A few weeks ago, my mom and I ordered some from El Jarocho after doing a little neighborhood burrito web browsing. I ordered the food, which was a little difficult with a language barrier but they got the order just right, two chicken burritos, no sour cream or cheese. The burritos arrived within fifteen minutes and they were HUGE. Delicious, warm and home-made, just the way I like it. I loved the way the beans were mashed up inside, and the chicken was cut up in little pieces so I wouldn't have to worry about choking. The salsa verde, which I have recently discovered a love for, was fresh and tasty. Just enough zest. They give you extra lettuce and pico de gallo to add in, which I most certainly did.
We scarfed these bad boys probably a little too fast and got a little bit of  a stomachache, but it was well worth it. 
i even ordered another one yesterday and it was just as scrumptous.This place never disappoints. I always order delivery and the good is always on time and the options are delicious. The bad: It's a cash only place. 
I've had many different menu items and the vast majority have been delicious. My friend is a vegetarian and she loves the options they offer. 
This place is affordable. The service is great and the people are awesome. Def recommend!Never had a bad takeout from here. Friendly staff and excellent food. Definitely the best Mexican delivery place and in my top 3 of all Mexican food in Philly. Authentic and cheap to boot!The worst Mexican food I've ever tasted. The nachos were coated with some form of rubbery crap that resembled and tasted like melted plastic. Really really bad. I still get shudders thinking about it.My wife and I stopped in last night for dinner and again the food will not disappoint. She had the Back To Life which is a giant bowl with a gespacho type broth and filled with shrimp, mussels, squid and artificial crabmeat. I also had this on another visit and it was great but hers last night had some chewy bits and was a little disappointing. I took my buddy Lawrence K's advise from his review and had the triple enchiladas which is actually on their breakfast menu. One each in a green sauce, a mole and a red sauce over rice. The mole and the red sauces were the best, the green was a little weak. We also ordered a side of fries so we could dip in the pink sauce. Overall we are still big fans and will return.Very tasty Mexican food. We had tacos and Camarones a la Mexicana. Service was very personable and the restaurant has a nice neighborhood feel. Prices were ok - not very inexpensive, but not unreasonable for the portions sizes and the quality. Recommended Mexican food joint in Philly!My favorite place for chicken fajitas in the city of Philadelphia.  They are not specifically listed on the menu, just ask for them.  They do not leave you feeling greasy or gross after eating them.  Service can be slow, but it's a family run place with the same hard-working staff day-after-day.Really not that great. It's good but I prefer Veracruzana which is on 9th & Washington. I think this place is convenient because it's in a good side of the Bella Vista neighborhood and not far from the Ellsworth-Federal stop on the Broad Street line...BUT...overrated.
Sorry, but it's the truth.OMG.
This is one of the BEST Mexican meals I have ever had. No joke. I am literally wishing I was back at this place right now.
Seemed to be super authentic but most definitely insanely tasty.
I ordered the breakfast special (number 1) and really enjoyed my meal. Would have to say it was the best brunch I have had in a very long time.
Can't wait to come back here the next time I am in Philly!We just postmasted El Jarocho and had the fastest turnaround on quality authentic Mexican food.  Try the mix 3 tacos done to perfection or the nachos add chicken. Top notch authentic neighborhood Mexican.El Jarocho is exactly what I need in a taco place! I will never turn down free chips and salsa, and it's a great way to start off. For those who are more mild salsa fans, the complimentary salsa does have quite a kick. 
The service was very friendly and quick! For having such an elaborate menu, I was impressed with how quickly our food was delivered to our table. I went for the steak tacos, and was delighted. The portions were generous, and the tacos were hefty! With three per order, it was a solid meal for under $10. 
There is a limited amount of seating - so this would not be the place for groups larger than 6, especially during the dinner rush. I will definitely be returning whether for dine-in or takeout - I'm happy to know of this quality Mexican food establishment!So I'm here from NYC came here to see my sister. We read loads of reviews & decided to come here instead of a place called "pistoles" anyway let me get to the point ...... It SUCKED!!!! 
Let me tell you how tasteless this place is & how the waitress lacked all communication skills. How can I order something I want if I can't even get through to her. She straight up told me I can't have shredded chicken on my rice when they have it in an enchilada form. 
The shrimp tacos taste like they're out of a can. Don't get! I advise DO NOT!! 
Steak tacos were bland , dry , lacked in flavor. Waste of calories! 
They gave us a complimentary chips and dip and the chips tasted like fried pitas. 
I can't believe this is considered "AUTHENTIC" if this authentic Mexican then I have been living a lie my whole life. 
Save yourself taste, calories , money , gas etc
The hot sauce they had on the table helped with taste tremendously but who goes to a restaurant to have a plate full of hot sauce. 
Wow what a disappointment !!!Awesome place to get real mexican food.  Had the Al pastor burrito and horchata .... awesome.... I wish we had place like this where I'm currently at.  If you are in philadelphia, its worth the walk down there.  Get the Horchata to drink.This is my favorite taqueria in Philly.  I used to live a few blocks from El Jarocho (and a few others).  They all serve more or less the same dishes and have similar atmospheres, but I prefer El Jarocho.  The chicken tacos are my favorite (3 for $6), washed down with a limon Jarritos.  
I often take guests from out of town to El Jarocho and they all love it, usually mentioning their tacos even weeks later.  Recently, I took a friend from Germany to El Jarocho and she absolutely loved it.  I'm sure she'll have flashbacks of El Jarocho's football-sized burrito the next time she hits a German Mexican restaurant!qualifier: I hate taco bell and fast food in general; i'm a hole-in-the-wall kind of person.  I just ordered burritos and enchiladas from El Jarocho at 6:30 on a weekend and had them delivered to my door in 15 minutes, and i live over a mile away!  delivered by a friendly man on a bicycle still wearing his apron.
the food is authentic mexican.  the chicken in the burritos was all-white meat and seasoned like it was cooked along with the onions and peppers.  there is large portion sizing, along with rice, beans, the works.  the food isn't jaw-dropping delicious, but it is solidly good, hot mexican food.  i am so excited to have found good, cheap, delivered mexican food!Small but mighty.  There's not a lot of seating but they have great food.  Their burritos and tamales are the best and the prices are good.This place is just around the corner from our one office. We fight to work out of this office so we can go here for lunch. We are regulars and they may not know our names,  but they do know our orders by heart.  Let's not confuse friendly and personable with language barrier. This is the real deal... Catus included if you ask...yummy.
Their soft tacos are available in three meat choices and the must try Mexican Sausage our favorite. Small yes, busy sometimes, short staffed likely. Authentic, delicious, affordable ABSOLUTELY!!! Would make 4.5 stars if an option. If I have to say it is a little tight, noisey and busy. But it's a corner row in the heart of South Philly with 2 hours free street parking everywhere.  Would love to see them get a bigger space. I'm still going back every chance I can.I've came here twice both times with friends and loved it both times. I said in another review how much I like Mexican food but I'm no expert on what's authentic or not. What I do know is that this stuff is extremely good (and Authentic Mexicans make it).
My problem is when I go some place I have this aversion to asking question about the menu. So when there are terms I don't understand I just close my eyes and hope for the best (I think this affliction is called being male). So I didn't end up with the same meal as I did the first time but it was still good. 
The place is very affordable and very good. I want to go back, and if it was closer I'd be there multiple times a week.I feel horrible to knock a star off as this was my favorite hole in the wall mexican place ever, but we brought friends here to show them the awesomeness and it was a lot less awesome :-/. 
Our guess was it was a different chef because it was just a completely different experience. I got the same enchiladas I had gotten the first time because it was insanely good and this time they were just so mediocre. sauce wasn't as developed, cheese not as plentiful, and chicken was no where near as spiced or tender. Our friends all got burritos and none of them were impressed. There was very little meat in some of them. ingredients were very unevenly distributed and the plate was boring with a non-crisped pale tortilla baby plopped on a plate. Our server was pretty bad and yeah, it was just not the same at all. 
I pray to the burrito gods they have the chef we got the first time still, and that if we come back and try other things, it will be the happy little enchilada it once was.Good, straight Mexican food, neighborhood joint.  It's not the best I've had.  Very casual, complimentary chips and salsa.  Bill came to over $20 for two, which is my book is a little expensive for tacos.  But overall, a place quick food or somewhere to sit and hang out with friends.   Not overly crowded, we were not rushed because they were trying to turn tables.Very nice staff. Quick service. But my fajitas seemed a bit oily, my chicken burrito was very dry, and the chips seemed more heavily fried than elsewhere. I am guilty of coming in with high expectations. Will probably go back to Veracruzana or the El Rodeo truck next time.I am pretty sure this is the best burrito in South Philadelphia. Now I haven't been to every single taqueria in the neighborhood, but I can't imagine how something could possibly taste better than the enormous vegetarian burrito I just ate in its entirety.
My fiance' had the beef burrito which he enjoyed, plus he ordered a quesadilla (I had a bite and it was very good!) and we got chips and guacamole. As a nice surprise, our order came with about 6 different little containers of sauces and salsas, each more delicious than the next.
We have a new addition to our Takeout Thursday rotation!!!The food here is excellent and very reasonably priced. When I lived around the corner during my last year of college I was ordering takeout 3 or 4 times a week! The vegetarian burrito is excellent (I actually like better than the steak). The fajitas comes with rice, refried beans and very plentiful protein/veggies, for $12 it will leave you STUFFED! This place seems to be family run and the employees are really nice. Definitely recommend it if you are in the Bella Vista/Hawthorne area.Everything that I can understand on this menu is crazy. I religiously get the steak nachos,The Breaded Chicken Sandwich is insane and the Steak Tacos are my favorite in the city. Nice place to sit in and everything is reasonably priced. Yeah Buddy.This spot is one of my favorite hidden gem Mexican spots in the city. Food is reliably fantastic and it's a BYO to boot!
My personal favorites here are the cemitas and the burritos. So good! Callout that breakfast is available on the menu all day, so if you're in the mood anytime for some huevos rancheros, this is the place to go.
This place can go up and down throughout the night with its crowds so seating can sometimes be a bit tight, so be aware if your traveling in a larger group. Staff is always friendly and the vibe of the big windows and glowing neon lights looking out onto the street gives this place a cool ambience.Being a huge Mexican fan, I've been to a good number of Taco places in Philadelphia but this one is one of my favorites. Obviously, it doesn't compare to the delicious authentic tacos I've had in the West coast but this place fulfills my taco craving from time to time. The portions are big and depending on what you get the meat is nicely flavored. It's not your cheapest taco restaurant but you get a huge portion for your bucks. The place is very small and cozy, fast service, and easy street parking.
Food comments:
The Guac: It's huge and tasty
Al Pastor Tacos: My favorite
Chicken Tacos: Usually not a huge fan of chicken tacos but these are marinated really well. 
Sopes: Had better elsewhere, a little oily and too much breading.
Carnitas: Had better elsewhere, wasn't my favorite.Aside from the awesome food, they deliver! I live two subway stops away from Ellsworth-Federal, but when they say 20 minutes, they are not kidding! 20 minutes from the time I hung up to the time I got my food, and I was fully expecting to wait at least 30. I'm in love.El Jarocho is another awesome Mexican joint in Philadelphia to add to my list. I came here back to back for lunch this week, a rare occurrence in my life. Here you will find two big flat screens on a local mexican TV channel with the customer demographic consisting mainly Mexicans, a wall decorated with Catholic tribute (?) to Mother Mary, a counter full of Jarritos bottles. As i looked around, I felt like I came to the right place.
I ordered a bunch of tacos both times, different kinds. You can get three tacos for 7.50. It's not the cheapest but each tacos come with a generous amount of meat in them, so it's actually not a bad deal. My favorite is their Tripa tacos. It's tender, juicy, nicely flavored. Next favorites are Al Pastor and Chorizo. Don't get the chicken taco. The first day I got it because the server made a mistake of giving me chicken for Tripa. (I made sure I got it the 2nd day). Each taco comes *very* hot off the griddle. Try to hold off the temptation to bite the sh*t out of the delicious tacos. I didn't and I burned my tongue pretty badly.Great place for take-out or the occasional eat-in experience.   They also deliver.  I used to be a big Veracruzana fan, but once I moved to South Philly I discovered this place and probably 6 out of 7 times it is better (fresher, better prepared, better seasoned) than Veracruzana.   Not much else to say, other than if you like Mexican food and you are in Philly, you should put this on your list.I went here with some friends and we split the guacamole as an appetizer between 3 people, and the portion was huge. 
While the menu didn't have anything vegetarian, the very nice waitress told me the vegetarian options, all of which could easily be made vegan. I got a burrito, and it was pleasantly spicy and rolled well (a poorly rolled burrito is seriously annoying). And my friend said that the coffee was amazing.
The bill was also surprisingly low considering the large portions we all received.
My only complaint is that the restaurant was freezing and we didn't even take our coats off.
I will definitely be coming back here, and I would more often if I lived closer.I love Mexican food and I was very excited to try El Jarocho.  Unfortunately, the food was just ok.  I ordered the enchiladas in mole sauce, because I was craving mole that day, and the sauce itself was not great.  It was overly sweet and cinnamony and not savory and spicy enough to really match the dish.  The chicken was not very flavorful in the enchilada either.  However, the chips and salsa were really good.Very disrespectful. They gave us a wrong delivery order disputed it and claimed we lied to get free food. Ashamed because I live on the block and ate here regularly. Sorry to say you've lost my business. P.S.I speak Spanish and can understand your insults loud and clear. 
Horrible customer service. Avoid at all costs!!!Just ran in quickly for some tacos before going away for the weekend, so didn't experience much of the menu. Chorizo taco was good, steak was not (very dry). The famed pink sauce that everyone loves is NOT so good - it tasted like plain old ranch dressing.
Good option in a pinch/if it's near your apartment, but in the land of delicious Mexican restaurants on every other block, I'd rather go somewhere else.Fours stars alone for the awesome al pastor tacos. I love these things: the pork is nicely marinaded in some kind of spicy red sauce and it's cut well without too much fat on it. The fresh onions, cilantro, and lime on top makes for a wonderful blend of flavors without overpowering one another. And the tortillas taste homemade to me, but I can't be sure of that. Salsa is also a must on these tacos as well. 
It's a small establishment so you might want to take seating into consideration. I highly recommend this place though, it's great!Between two people we ordered 3 tacos (Jalapeno stuffed with chicken, campechano pork, and grilled steak) and an Aztec burrito (pork with cactus and other good stuff).  The meal itself was really good.  Unlike most Mexican places, they seemed to trim most of the fat off of their meat.  All the meats were also cooked nicely to a soft crisp.  I was really impressed that their meats were not dripping with oil like most places.
The one thing I didn't like about this place was that they really do like their cream--it seems to be in everything.  Their salsas while decent appeared to be spiced up creamy salad dressing.  I believe one was a super mild chipotle and the other was jalapeno, both infused with cream.  I've never had creamy salsa, and it's safe to say that I don't like it. They did have Tapatio though.
I would give them 5 stars if it weren't for the salsa.  If they made non-cream smoky salsas, I would be here all the time.
Pros: Meat quality, variety of selections, price, open til 11pm
Cons: Creamy ranch-style salsasI have orded delivery, called ahead for take out, stopped in to order takeout, and eating at the restaurant.  I can give the following advice:  
1. The burritos live up to the hype of everyone else's reviews.  They are banging (especially the el pastor burrito).
2. If you don't speak spanish, just showing up to order takeout doesn't go to smoothly, the staff got really confused by trying to do this.  We ended up waiting for 30 mins for our 2 burritos and tacos.
3. Don't order the vegetarian fajitas, you get microwaved birds eye vegetables (carrots, corn, peas).
Its worth checking out, just realize it is your South Philly Mexican restaurant, nothing fancy.The perfect authentic mexican experience. It took me about 2 years to find decent mexican in this city, but it was worth it. I have to be honest and state that I've only had the tacos even though I've eaten here about 6 times. 
I love the fresh flavors that they use in their tacos. Opting for onions and lime juice as opposed to the usual pasty, dry refried beans. I've spent a bit of time in Chile and a lot of the flavors remind me of Chilean cuisine.  The chorizo taco is really good, as is the chili relleno (yes a taco with a chicken stuffed pepper stuffed in it), but my favorite is the pork.
The service is always attentive, though the two women always seem to be running around with their heads cut off for what is usually 3-4 tables. Being from a partially latino family, I can understand the need for women to be dramatic at all times. 
I'll probably update this once I try more entrees, but I'm seriously addicted to the taco platter. I find that they are best paired with a Mexican Coke or Pineapple soda.Can hardly read the menu or understand what the waitress is saying, but, this place is dope. Hits the spot whenever I crave just plain awesome, no frills, MexicanWent back and actually got to sit down this time. Let me tell you, I can not get enough of this place. Actually stopped in about 10 minutes before closing time expecting to just get take-out again but instead they insisted it was fine for us to sit and eat. How could we not? Got some of those amazing chips with two phenomenal dips, both pretty spicy but neither the burn-your-mouth-off-spicy I've come to expect from Mexican spots. Ordered the Burrito Al Pastor which they were happy to serve me even if it was on the lunch menu. Holy Christ on a cracker, this thing was great. They delivered it quickly and it was like a monster, so I quickly abandoned the idea of actually picking it up and went at it with a fork and knife. Insanely good! Every bite yielded new ingredients and flavors, though I especially liked getting bites with the pork and pineapple. Hot damn. 
They gave us two small chiclet boxes with the check so we left with full bellies, big smiles, and fresh breath. Once again ate my leftovers for a satisfying lunch the next day and couldn't get El Jarocho off my mind for days afterward. Still can't.My go to spot for real authentic puebla Mexican cuisine , recipes long kept within the family, Gino maria and Jose guard these well. If you feel like having something that has real flavor from fresh ingredients and a passion for what Mexican Food should be well look no further, The Alambre is my go to plate, has refried beans yellow rice steak bacon and fresh melted cheeses red and green bell peppers and onions all smothered under this city favorite!This place is a yet another great taqueria in South Philly! I came in for take-out and got the food pretty quickly. I ordered 3 tacos: steak, carnitas, and al pastor. Each of them were great. All the meats were well cooked, moist, flavorful and tender.  The only "downside" is that it's more expensive ($2-$3 more) than the other great taquerias in the area so I don't know why they charge more. Nonetheless I recommend this place and will be back.The best hole in the wall mexican joint in philly!  Super authentic and decently priced.The best burrito is town. This is a small casual spot. There are a few tables with service and they take credit card. They offer delivery up to 20th street, but only take cash on delivery.  The Mexican steak burrito is huge and divine. The cream sauce that comes on the side is very tasty.  The tortilla chips are great. The side of guacamole is a huge portion.  The mixed fajitas entree can serve two. It is also really good. This place also has amazing tacos. The service is great overall. I cannot recommend this place enough.I was surprised at how personal the experience was here. We got tacos al pastor and pozole, both of which were great. Definitely recommend this restaurant. 
*authentic al pastor (rotisserie cooked) are in mexico and miraculously in Los Angeles at certain times.As much as this place looks like a hole in the wall, it was probably the best mexican I've had in the city. It was so flavorful and full of great ingredients. The portions were very generous and they put a fantastic white crumbled cheese on everything ;-) can't go wrong. I got enchiladas and they were so incredibly tasty. I had to take the rest for leftovers and when i heated it up at home, my boyfriend was trying to eat it all and when i wouldn't let him have more he demanded we go back there that second. I don't think we've ever fought over leftovers like that. I want to go there right now writing this. enchilada, come to meeeeeWe have dined in, gotten delivery, and picked up here many times over the past couple years.  Food and service are always great. We frequently get the enchiladas suiza with chicken and salsa verde, rice & beans, tacos with chorizo, and/or chips and salsa. Orders have always been correct and complete. Delivery usually faster than expected. Mole sauce is the only weak point we have discovered thus far.This place is awesome. It's the closest "Italian Market" style Mexican food you can get delivered to Center City and one of the few places I know where I can get a delicious tamale from (You have to ask as it's not listed on their menu).The best Pozole with the most authentic "Sazon Jarocho"!! Amazing food, great "Cafe de Olla" i will absolutely come back! Highly recommended!!Fast and easy delivery, they called twice to ensure they had right street locations.  The feed is inexepnsive but of high quality.  I had the enchiladas with rice and beans - and it was perfect.  Service was fast, delivery that is, and the food was hot and looked great.  This is about to become a take-out/ delivery habit of mine, I can tell.I am from California, so no Mexican restaurant will live up to my high standards BUT... El Jarocho is pretty good. I love the large portions and fast service.The best mexican restaurant in Philly. Hands down. The burritos and tacos are always mouth wateringly delicious. Also, the burritos are big enough to get 3 meals out of if you can make yourself stop eating.My daughter just moved in to the neighborhood last week and after we were finished getting her into her apartment she suggested we go here for dinner. I am a fan of Taco Reindo but I have a new favorite. Seating is limited but had no trouble getting a seat at 6:30ish on a Friday night. The complimentary home made chips and salsa were good but the pink sauce that at first I thought was queso was something completely different. We believe it is Buttermilk based and man was it delicious. My daughter had the vegetarian burritos and it looked pretty good. My wife had the pork and pineapple tacos (I think she is addicted) which were very good and I had the fantastical Jarocho Burrito, packed with large shrimp in a spicy sauce. Washed it all down with a Mexican Pepsi and all was right in the world. We will definitely being coming down to visit again and sample more of the menu and that delicious sauce!Oh my goodness. Places like El Jarocho make me wish that I'd paid better attention in my five years of taking Spanish just so that I could become best friends with the people who run this fine establishment and be around their delicious food all the time.
I've had El Jarocho all of three times, twice in the actual location and once with a mass order take-out. The actual location is rather small, so it's not great for large groups, but they do accept huge take-out orders over the phone. You just have to make sure you're speaking clearly and slowly and that you have your own system for sorting out all the orders afterwards. 
In my El Jarocho experiences, I have had the privilege of trying a cemita, a miscellaneous assortment of burritos, and the flan. Of the burritos I had, my favorite was the al pastor. Goodness gracious, so succulent that I wanted to become a broken record of "Que sabroso!"
One Sunday evening my friends and I were lucky enough to be sitting in the restaurant when a duo with a guitar and an accordion bust through the door and started serenading us. Not conducive at all for dinnertime conversation but we were able to request that they sing Happy Birthday (three weeks belated) to one of our friends who was present. That and the Univision telenovelas playing on the TVs mounted on the wall made me feel for a moment that maybe I didn't have to be Cindy after all, I really could be Ceci of 7th grade Spanish I.Wow, this place was great!!  I had the shrimp soup, rice and beans and the flan.  The soup was filled with delicious, large shrimp, swimming in a bucket of broth that was seasoned to perfection, with just the right amount of fresh cilantro and onions.  The portions were huge, my girlfriend ordered the Mexican mixed fajitas and was only able to eat one, needless to say those leftovers won't go to waste...At $40 including the tip this was one of the absolute best meals I had in a long time.  Beware, this place isn't for the snobby foodie, our server was nice as hell the one time we actually saw her...looked like she was busy, so I ordered our food and drinks at the counter and an hour or so later she brought the bill.   No worries, I wasn't in a rush and was very happy to be supporting a fabulous, authentic, local restaurant.We were craving a good burrito the other day, and decided to give El Jarocho a try. 
The restaurant was a simple taqueria, minimal mexican inspired decor.  A few tables- nothing fancy. The server brought us chips and salsa and we ordered vegetable burritos.  The two salsas and chips were fresh and tasty,  The burrito was fairly ordinary, though tasty as well....definitely not the best burrito I've experienced, though not the worst either.  
Service was simple- though it was a corner take out spot, so I was surprised to find table service there at all.  Total price for 2 was around $20.  Worth checking out I suppose, although I'm curious to try other options next time I get the craving for some mexican food. 
If I had written this review immediately following my visit, it would have been 3 stars, however due to the stomach discomfort that both my boyfriend and I experienced about an hour after we ate here, I'm going to have to give it a 2.  Perhaps the vegetable burritos weren't vegetarian???their delivery is fast, their food is consistent and yummy. honestly, i haven't tried that many things on the menu, but what i have tried was great. my coworkers and i have ordered from here twice a week for three years now so they must be doing something right!Typical hole in the wall place, but their food is so authentic and tasty. One time they gave me queso and one time they didn't, but their salsa is so much better anyways (which they give you refills on) along with chips. I go there as often as I can.I live near Jose's and love their tacos.  However, I work in South Philly and decided to stop by El Jarocho today on my lunch break.  BAD IDEA!  First of all, I was not greeted upon arrival and I clearly had a puzzled look on my face as it was my first visit and the restaurant has an odd setup. I eventually spotted a pile of take out menus on a two-top table where patrons sat dining on their meals.  I went for one and saw few vegetarian and pescetarian options.  So, I decided to ask the one server working (who seemed to double as the take out person also) if they have fish and/or shrimp tacos.  Turns out they do.  They are off menu.  So, I placed an order for fish tacos with the 3 tacos, rice and refried beans, and horchata.
Pretty soon, the restaurant was buzzing with activity as people came in to dine for lunch and picked up/placed take out orders.  The one server was clearly getting overwhelmed as she was going at it all alone.  Meanwhile, I sat waiting... and waiting... and waiting (luckily, the culture at the office where I work is pretty laid back and I have the option to take extended lunch breaks).  After about 30 minutes of waiting, the server approached me with a huge bag and announced my order of "3 orders of fish tacos. $35..."  What!?!?!?!  I was mad confused.  "I wanted 1 order of fish tacos with the three tacos."  The server sighed and disappeared to the kitchen.  She finally returned 3 minutes later with my order and frankly said "$18".  I made a credit card payment and she returned the check presenter by placing it on the table and did not even say thank you.  I worked for many years in the restaurant industry so I still left a tip even though I was not pleased at all.  
Making matters worse, I returned to the office and found the fish tacos to be very bland.  The onions, cilantro, and unseasoned fish did not impress me.   In my 35 minutes of waiting, I did see some pretty amazing looking food come out of the kitchen, soup and enchiladas.  So, I will return again and give them another try.  However, I will probably never go again on my lunch break and I'll probably pass on tacos.  I'll continue to rely on Jose's for tacos.  They are MUCH friendlier, make better tacos IMO and are really close to my apartment.Came here for the first time after my friend recommended it to me. I have not tried Mexican food in Philadelphia until tonight. All he could say about this place is how much it reminded him of real Mexican food from California! The food was great and the vibe is the most authentic you can find in Philadelphia! Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for REAL Mexican food!One of the best "authentic" Mexican restaurants in the city.  Really small inside and usually pretty much full, but that's ok with me because I always get take out.  It's kind if super loud and a little stuffy at the tables because of the small size and the open kitchen. 
Anyway, the food...
It's pretty spectacular in size and taste.  My favorites are definitely the chicken tacos and the mole enchiladas.
The tacos were over filled, but with really nicely flavored chicken.  All white, kind of pulled in texture.  Topped with onions, cilantro, and served with limes and radishes, as well as a side of amazing homemade salsa verde and a sort of chipoltle white (creamy) sauce.  Both awesome.
The mole enchiladas was an entree.  It was enormous, on a scale of being at least two full meals.  The mole sauce was one of the better ones I've had.  Nicely balanced with sweetness and spice.  But could have been hotter (spicier) for me.  Came with rice and beans (good here as well) and topped with some greens, a little sour cream, and a nice sprinkle of Oaxaca cheese.  
They also have a nice variety of Mexican sodas and juices, including my fave, the jarritos mandarin soda, the greatest compliment to any Mexican food in my opinion!
So, if you're close enough to stop here, or for delivery, and don't mind spending a little more than you might be used to for Mexican food ( you get what you pay for,) then get there fast!Most food-coma inducing, authentic Mexican food in South Philly. When they seat you they supply you with two kinds of salsa - regular and Verde- plus a bottomless bucket of tortilla's. They add cilantro to almost all of their dishes, plus the burritos are the size of a petite woman's forearm.
Mexican soda and a few Hola's! and Come Estas! later, you will feel the need to take a five hour nap after eating here. Cheap, $8-11 for tacos, burritos, enchiladas, plus some other sides I never got the chance to experience. Decor is simple and cheery. Don't think of El Jaracho as a place to take a girl on a date or dress up and have drinks and dinner with friends. No. Instead, eat here for lunch on a Saturday, go home and nap it off, then wake up and drink until you feel like your liver will fall out. Don't worry. The lunch you devoured earlier in the day will get you through until 2 AM when you order pizza...or stock up on 7-11.I'm pretty lazy. Sometimes I am lazy and hungry. Other times I am lazy and really hungry and kinda broke. In these cases I am so glad I live around the corner from this fast and fantastic Mexican restaurant. 
I question even calling it a restaurant because I think it has about 4 tables and I have never eaten there, but I am going to go ahead and call it one because there ALWAYS seems to be at least one person eating there... good sign. The bad side is that the diners are always white people in their mid-twenties to mid-thirties, which I find suspicious even though I am aware that I do fit into this category.  Well do not fret!! This place is still legit.
The chicken burritos are so plentiful and delicious that I rarely get anything else but I have been told by many people that the rest of their menu is stellar as well. Just another reason to be lazy and not cook I guess. At this place it might actually be cheaper to do that anyway.Once was enough. The food was mediocre. The fish tacos were bland and a little fishy. The steak tacos had lots of grizzle. The pork was very smelly. The shrimp dish was very bland.Love this place! The food is reasonably priced and pretty authentic. No frills type atmosphere which is fine! Highly recommend !This place changed the meaning of the word 'authentic' for me.  In direct contrast to all the El Camino Reals and Los Caballitos of the city, this place feels intimate and family run.   By far my favorite Mexican food in the city.   El Jarocho's food is reason enough to make me want to live in south philly again.Very homey Mexican restaurant that in a deserted street. The waitress was so sweet, had a tostado which was packed with shredded pork, it didn't disappoint. twi meals came and sodas came out to about 20 dollars. Its BYOB so we were able to make mixed drinks at the table. Highly recommend.Since the first time I've gone here, I've gotten their burrito for take out a bunch of times and it is just as delicious as before.  It takes them about five minutes to put it together and it is big and absolutely delicious.Go to spot for delicious, cheap Mexican food. Whenever there's a hankering for tacos or enchiladas we make our way to El Jarocho. Tiny spot but have never had to wait for a table. Service is usually fine.Great taqueria.  Good tacos, guacamole, tortas.They have bangin' jalapenjo tacos, which is the only thing I ever get.
They don't give you a check, so you have to estimate your bill, leave some money on the table, and go about your day. Maybe they do eventually bring a check but I don't usually wait long enough to find out.Great, inexpensive Mexican food. Full of taste and you will not leave hungry. Friendly servers , good delivery. The Jarocho burrito was delicious! One of my favorite Mexican spots in Philadelphia.The people who answer the phone could/should be much friendlier and make an attempt at speaking english. Do not attempt to order delivery unless you are fluent in spanish. You will not get what you ordered and will not be able to get them to rectify your order. And when you call to attempt to ask them about said order they simply hang up on you. awesome.The most authentic Mexican food in the Philadelphia area. My boyfriend is from Los Angeles and until we found this place I had to hear about how we had zero options for authentic Mexican, lol. The staff is hardworking and always friendly. One of our favorite spots, hands down.Came here as my first stop on a Philly food day. 1130am and a few tables seated. I ordered the chorizo tacos from a friendly enough woman. She brought chips and two sauces to the table as I was waiting for my order, a nice touch. The tacos were bigger and better than what I would usually get at home. It was a quick stop for a good meal.Yes this is it. If you want real mexican food Philly this is the place.I totally love this place! It's a small, authentic restaurant with really nice servers and owners. I got the Mexican style shrimp while my friends all got different burritos and we all loved it. It's affordable and the portions are definitely enough to fill you up, I had leftovers for lunch. I'd definitely recommend it to everyone!I've been coming to this location for around 3 years now. This family own restaurant offers up good authentic comfort food that really captures the essence of their cultural heritage. I recommend the Burrito Jarocho, a tasty blend of spices and shrimp. Compared to its competitors, El Jarocho, excels in both and ambiance at an affordable price. The locations is great for a group of no more than 6. Definitely give this place a try if you love Mexican food.This place is nice, and small, and quiet. The food portions are HUGE and really good! This could easily be the best mexican food I've had in Philadelphia. We get the plate of guacamole and the enchiladas to share. Those 2 plates of food are so much for us, we always leave stuffed. I can't wait to go back here!
You should also check out Cafe La Maude for breakfast!Cheap and quite mexican.
The bbq lamb tacos were great.I LOVE this place. They are affordable and, if you live in the area, they deliver super quickly. I highly recommend them.Place was great! Definitely go with the burritos there. Its a truly delightful experience. They don't have too many tables so large groups are probably not a good idea. But by all means, if you are looking for good burrito, this is the place to be.Ordered the burritos el pastor and the steak with fried onions which came with rice and beans. Both were excellent and the pricing is very reasonable. El Jarocho will become my new go to for Mexican in the city!Amazing authentic taqueria. Philly's had a boom in good Mexican food over the last few years, and this remains one of the best. Big portions, consistently delicious food.Best burritos in the city, no doubt about it! My favorites are the al Pastor and the jarocho burrito which is baby shrimp.Fantastic find!! Not tex-mex. FRESH ingredients. Homemade tortilla chips, refried beans, tostadas and tortillas, salsa and chipotle cream sauce that comes out first. Lucky neighbors that get this food delivered!  And someone commented about too much cheese...?!? That's ridiculous. Everything is piled on but everything is fresh. No smothered on processed velvetta or chili con queso here. Cojita (sp?) cheese crumbles. Fresh fresh fresh! Even the meats.  
I tiptoed around the menu not trusting the outcome when the tostadas arrived and blew my mind. I had one of each meat and preferred the steak though they all tasted fresh. Price was spot on for the amount of food you receive. I hope I find myself in this neck of Philly again so I can try something else on the menu...like the pozole! BravoFavorite thing on the menu is their amazing pork tacos and smother it with their orange sauce! They have amazing sauces! Love this placeOhhhh baby do I love El Jarocho. Te quiero un chingo, El J. My sweet novio and I frequent this place. I have a very hard time getting anything but the couple things I'll write about.
1.) Sopes. Best Sopes I've ever had. The servers always let me get three different kinds...I'll usually do chorizo, carnitas and carne asada. Deliciously mounted with beans, lettuce, tomatoes, crema, queso fresco and avocado. I always drizzle the tasty mayo chipotle sauce they have for chips as well. Just an awesome meal!
2.) Enchiladas Suizas. GET. THIS. NOW. Very generous portion of chicken enchiladas stuffed with Oaxaca cheese and drenched in salsa verde. Their salsa verde is fantastic, with a bit of a tang I haven't tasted anywhere else. Depending on the chef it can be mild to spicy. But always fantastic, and served with rice and beans.
3.) Carne asada served with cactus. Their cactus is always tasty! Sometimes the steak can be a little chewy though... :- /
4.) Whole fried tilapia. I only got this once, but holy cow. T'was huge, and really took my by surprise because the fish still had eyes and it was the first time I ever ate a fish that hadn't been prepared. But after my boyfriend showed me how to get the meat from around the fish's many teeny tiny bones, it was absolutely delicious and came served with a huge garden salad.
5.) One of my favorite places to get horchata...second only to Que Chula es Puebla in Fishtown.
The ladies that work there are very nice, and the prices are right. I've never left hungry or without a to-go box!I'd probably give my first try of El Jarocho a 3.5/5. Maybe I'll bump it up to a 4 after I try some other dishes. First off, the service is pretty bad. This seems to be a common trend in Mexican restaurants. It's a very small place, and they only had 2 people serving and cleaning and 2 other people cooking. You have to be a bit aggressive to even grab a table. There are a lot of people either coming in to order or pick up takeout or calling for takeout on the phone, so it's a bit hectic. 
They give you chips and salsa, which is very nice, but they don't fill the bowl. I don't really get that. The salsa and whatever that queso blanco(?) dip is are both very good. The chips are a bit dry and lacking salt. They didn't come by to refill my bowl when I finished the approximately 15 chips in there.
I ordered al pastor tacos and beef milanese. They were out of the weekend special barbacoa and this wasn't that late on Friday night. It took a while for me to get my food, which I hope means everything was made fresh.
The tacos are slightly expensive for 3, but they are relatively large. I enjoyed the al pastor, but found it a bit crispier than some other places where it was a bit softer and easier to eat. Still, the flavors were very good. I appreciated that the tacos came with a little bit of nopales and onion.
The milanese was a fair price and came with pico, rice and beans. My biggest complaint was that they clearly overcooked the beef. It was edible, but far crispier than it should've been. I didn't want to complain, because I knew how long it would take to get a replacement. I would not get this again.
For just over $30, I had enough food leftover for a pretty big lunch, so I can't complain about price much.
A+ for Jarritos mandarin.I stopped in for lunch once.    Had huevos rancheros and a torta.   The torta wasn't as good as the ones from Garibaldi, but the rest of the stuff was on point.    This is the best neighborhood.This is definitely my favorite taco joint in Philly. I'm not a huge fan of the subway, but I deal with it to get to El Jarocho. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the place. 
I've only ever tried the Tacos Al Pastor there, and quite frankly, I have no desire to try anything else. They are so delicious! The meat is so tender and seasoned perfectly. I love the sweet bursts you get from the pineapple chunks.The tacos are topped with onions, cilantro and lime. I wish I knew about them sooner!  At 3 tacos for 8 bucks, they are definitely a steal. 
They serve complimentary chips and dip with dinner and the sauces vary night to night. There are various salsas and we have also been served a couple of cream based sauces... chipotle usually? They also offer a variety of Mexican sodas. If you have enough room for dessert, their flan is on point.
As far as service goes, the woman that usually serves us is sweet, but not particularly chatty, which I don't mind. Leaves me to get lost in the telanovelas that I don't understand but entertain me anyway.
I can't get enough of this place. And as if all of this isn't enough reason to head there, it's also BYOB. So bring your cervezas!I LOVE EL JAROCHO!
This place is has great eats, fresh everything, and makes me smile every time I'm chowing down.  Tons of great salsas that are light, creamy, spicy, and delicious.
I feel like I could eat it everyday.  Check em out!"Who knew something this gross existed", said my wife when we left this place.  Cheapest, to the point of indelible,  ingredients carefully put together by two guys who have no idea what they are doing.  This place wouldn't reach more than one star at any price point.  At ~$14/ main dish the owner is laughing in your face.
At some point we were sure it was a joke and somebody was going to greet us outsite saying we were on a hidden camera.  Unfortunately that did not happen.  No doubt, the worse restaurant we visited since we moved to Philadelphia four years ago.Well, since all of you now know probably about my lifetime battle with Mexican food, I won't have to go into too much depth about how excited I was to find an authentic Mexican spot right around the corner from my new apartment that DOESN'T cause me to rush immediately to the bathroom after eating. Having been to El Jarocho twice in the past week, I can safely say that my stomach was not offended. Hallelujah! Any Mexican place that doesn't make my stomach turn is worthy of being my hundredth review!
Not only was their food inoffensive... it was downright delicious. A few nights after we moved in, Hunter and I went here for dinner, since all of our pots and pans and cooking items were still in boxes. We sat down at one of their few tables and the waitress came over to us right away to take our drink order. We were pleased to discover that she didn't speak English very well, which pretty much guaranteed that we were going to be served authentic Mexican food. I ordered the shrimp burrito with a pineapple soda, and Hunter ordered the beef burrito. It took about ten minutes for the waitress to bring them over, during which we enjoyed their amazing homemade chips and array of sauces (salsa, crema, and I believe salsa verde). I probably could have eaten just the chips for dinner... they were that good.
Based on my shrimp burrito alone, I probably would have given it four stars. It was good, but not knock-your-sombrero-off delicious. The shrimp were definitely fresh and not canned, though, which was a plus, and the burritos were (excuse the cringe-worthy phrase) as big as your head. When I asked for the check at the end, the server misunderstood me and brought me some iced milk with cinnamon stirred in. I'm still not sure what this drink is called, but I was surprised to find out that it was really good*.
We got takeout the next day because we were too tired from unpacking and moving to walk any farther than two blocks. I ordered the chicken burrito this time. WOW! Way better than the shrimp burrito. The tortilla was loaded with tender strips of grilled chicken, lettuce, Oaxacan cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, crema, and onions. It was moist, juicy, and thoroughly enjoyable. Yum.
I am so happy that this is my neighborhood Mexican spot. I will be back here time and time again. Bonus points: They deliver! This could get ugly...
*According to Meg C., this amazing drink is called horchata.If you are looking for authentic mexican food this place definitely has it. My partner and I think the cuisine fares from the eastern coast of Mexico. They serve their tortilla chips with a cool chipotle sauce. The restaurant is located in a corner of a building with 3 tables and one waitress....They service is excellent and with all the neon it is very bright:-) I had the mixed meat fajitas which were excellent. My partner had a seafood dish that he really liked. If you are looking for a quick and easy place to sit down eat good food and get out this is the place to go. I would probably go there more for lunch than anything...Update: the food is still good but the service is poor. I ordered steak nachos with guacamole and an al pastor burrito. It was clear that there was a lapse in communication because I had to repeat myself multiple times before the woman on the phone could repeat the order back to me correctly.
When the order arrived, I saw that they did not include the guacamole that I had paid for. When I called to ask them to bring it over, she told me that it would cost an additional $3.48, because nacho guacamole only cost $3, but a separate order of guacamole cost $6.48. After a frustrating conversation while the food got cold, the woman on the phone conceded that she would send over "a little guacamole for free" (that we had already paid for). Forty minutes later, after we were done eating, the guacamole arrived.
Good food, bad service.Love this food. I live nearby so El Jarocho is a fantastic place to get a quick burrito. I highly recommend ordering ahead by calling first, though. They take about 10-20 depending on how busy it is at the time. Their burritos have made me despise Chipotle or any similar chains. El Jarocho is the real deal.Love it. When you walk in you know your in a real deal local neighborhood joint. Yelp ya came through once again. The food was authentic and tasty. I got the mixed taco so I could try a few different flavors. I am a carne asada hound and it was excellent. This will be my go to when I go back. The Mexican sausage was very good and while the al pastor everyone one on yelp raved about was tasty mine had some chunks of fat and gristle that made it not so pleasant to eat as a taco so I fished the good stuff out with a fork. Like I said tasty but not my go to. 
The service was excellent. I went at lunch time and there was only one server so while she was a bit harried she was pleasant and efficient. She handled her business proper! 
Go support this neighborhood restaurant you will not be disappointed. I will be back!My boyfriend and I were excited to try El Jarocho because of the great Yelp reviews and we were so disappointed. Terrible service, disgusting and greasy food, and the worst guacamole I've tried in the city. Yes, it's big but its also cut with something like sour cream and has no flavor (no tomato, onion, cilantro, nothing). You may spend a few more dollars elsewhere but it's well worth it and for the same price you can even get much, much better at Taqueria la Veracruzana on Wash Ave.Excellent home made Mexican food. Very tasty - I will be back, Muy Bueno!!!Revisiting the cemita, you know when you are first blinded by a new experience and then when you repeat it you try to recall what influenced your first adoration. Cemita, our relationship is on rocky shores.  It was over shadowed by the Aztec burrito perhaps? Stuffed with pork, cactus, pico de gallo, rice, beans, cheese, sour cream....very filling, very yum.
We got take out the first time around and missed out on the complimentary chips, salsa and queso (nice smokey flavor). I highly recommend dinning in, although it is a small venue.Hands down one of the best Mexican restaurants in Philly. The Enchiladas Verde are my favorite.What can I say? This is the best Mexican food I ever had. The service is fast and the food is soo delicious. I love it here. The spicy shrimp is my favorite. Definitely coming back here.It was pretty good! THe stake was good, so was the rice. The good thing is that it fills you up for the whole day!I LOVE THIS PLACE. Their pink salsa/sauce is borderline addictive. My favorite is the vegetarian nachos and the vegetarian fajitas. 
The only issue is when you call to order you usually get put on hold for quite a while as you hear loud cooking sounds and eventually get to place your order. Also, they seem to have a hard time hearing the details of your phone number and address, perhaps due to background noise.This place is such a hidden gem!  Atmosphere isn't great but that's almost what makes this place so great.  You can bring in booze.  Chorizo taco is out of this world!  Also, if you don't feel like venturing there, they deliver super fast (10 mins from ordering, the food was at my door on 21st st) but the food tastes slightly better when you eat there.I came here with a friend a couple months back on his suggestion. I love Mexican food, but I didn't want to stuff myself (I had a reservation for Amada later), so I ended up getting a taco platter. It wasn't big, but I don't think it gets better than al pastor that's been slow-cooked and flavored for several hours and chopped cilantro in a tortilla. It's very basic, but you really didn't need anything more for the dish. It was amazing; my only suggestion might have been to throw in a pinch of pico de gallo-like salsa. But for $6 or so, you couldn't get better tacos elsewhere. I was also a fan of the juice selection; they had guava juice in one of those 12-ounce glass bottles. I've been a huge fan of guava juice since my first visit to Hawaii, but it's hard to find the genuine thing on the mainland.
The service was straightforward; I would have appreciated a little bit quicker service in terms of getting a refill on my drink (I had to ask for a glass of water after finishing my juice), but all in all it was a very pleasant experience, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a quick, authentic bite of Mexican.Not the best choice for Mexican in the area. Food is incredibly greasy, I don't understand how they get it to be that greasy.  Overpriced for the area too. Also, service was very, very poor unfortunately. The lady behind the counter was way more interested in her phone and told rudely to "just wait a minute" as she played candy crush on her phone. She clearly hated being there. Another customer asked politely for a take-out container and she said "no". A really awful experience and the food was pretty bad. Hopefully I just went on an off-day but I won't be back.Simply the best. Never had a bad meal here, staff is sweet, almost always a table available (I imagine they do mostly takeout/delivery).The Chorizo Nachos are the best nachos I've ever had.   Worth going for that alone.  Great BYOB location on a off night (too busy otherwise).  Very good dishes at good prices.I decided to go ahead and order form El Jarocho after hearing all the good reviews. I'm waiting on my food now (got tacos, guac, and fajitas). BUT they don't accept credit card for delivery??? 
The food was pretty good though!I've been here twice with my friend/bandmate and both times we came away satisfied (and full!). I'm of Mexican descent and very critical when it comes to Mexican food restaurants (especially in the East-North East area) since a lot of them falsely claim to be "authentic", but I think this place comes very close. There's a nice selection of  affordable Mexican food here to be found and it's always fresh! The owner and the waitress are friendly and the location is not in a busy area, so street parking isn't a nightmare. If their homemade salsas weren't so mild, I'd give this place an easy 5 star review. I also wasn't too keen about the huge tv in the small dining area (I don't watch tv!). It was kind of annoying, but it didn't impede my dining experience too much since the channel they had it on was in Spanish (for the ambiance I guess?). If you're looking for authentic Mexican food and don't mind a huge tv, then go out and try this place!Cheesy chips.
Tasty taco.
Greasy goodness.
Mexican melodrama.
Chomp chorizo.
Yum yum.
But. Don't. Charge. Me more. To. Mix my. Taco type.Mentioned I was going out for Mexican food and was told "that place is OK, but you should really go to El Jarocho." Pleased we changed our plans as El Jarocho was awesome! Very friendly, quick service in a small, open-kitchen/dining room corner restaurant.
The chips were fresh out of the fryer, the salsa was spicy and flavorful (there was also a cream-based dip, which was tasty), and the guacamole tasty and plentiful. The platters were large, lovely to look at (especially the tostadas), and better to eat! Definitely recommend the nachos with al pastor pork--such masterful layering of different types of cheese, refried beans, etc. (and they made excellent leftovers with eggs the next day)--perhaps my new favorite nachos in the city?
Will definitely return to try their other offerings.
NB: This is a BYOB!Don't bother. I work around the corner from this resturant and we were short staffed so I called at 12:53 for takeout. I was told by the woman who took my order that it would be ready in 10 minutes. I got to the resturant at 1:07 and was told that my meal wasn't ready yet and it would be a few minutes and I was asked to sit down. I looked in the back to see if anyone was cooking and there were four men statnding in the back watching television. I waited for twenty minutes before I had to walk out without my food because my lunch break was over. The woman was upset with me for leaving but she had been in the back watching television as well and and at no point did anyone ever start cooking my meal.This Mexican restaurant by far it is short run has by far
Superseded every other restaurant in South Philly and in university city as well.
All of the Americanized Mexican places near by can learn a thing of two about what it takes to serve up real authentic Mexican flavors ranging from the al pastore
Burrito which features about four different layers of
Flavor finishing off with a sweet and slightly spicy after taste.
If you are in the mood for real flavor then look no further than 
El jarocho. I was firm in my belief that Veracruzana was the best in this area
But after trying a few dishes here I am convinced that there is a new 
Mexican culinary sheriff in town!Best tacos and Mexican food in America! Great service! Horchata is spectacular as well!I really enjoy these burritos but for some reason they stopped delivering to broad and walnut area, which is six blocks from their restaurant. I'm not sure why they stopped delivering to that are but this is why I'm giving  them such a poor review. You the once delivered to my apartment, but now they don't. OH AND they close at 11 when they used to close at 2 am. They lost me as a customer.Affordable. authentic Mexican fare.  I've eaten here twice, each time becoming more adventuresome with my menu selections and so far, no disappointments.  It's too bad that I live so far away.  This used to be a stop between work and home but, now that I've relocated, it's more of a planned trip. Burritos, the fried Tilapia platter and tacos are very good. 
The three sauces that accompany the meal provide just the right amount of punch and spice to any meal -- go for it.Came here to catch up with friends. This place is really small, about 5-7 tables. It was kind of confusing when we came in cause we weren't sure if we should seat ourselves or to wait for someone. 
Complimentary chips and dip. I think a green verde salsa and a queso dip. Not a fan of the queso dip. It was kind of bland. I'm always a fan of the verde salsa though, so it was no surprised that I liked it. 
My friends ordered the lamb and beef tacos. I heard the beef tacos were good. Not too sure about the lamb tacos.
I got the nachos with no meat (since I just had dinner and wanted a snack). I asked for some guacamole on the side for my nachos. They said there would be an extra charge. I said that's fine. I was so surprised and thrown off when they brought me a huge plate of guacamole with chips. SO, instead of charging me $1 or so for like two scoops of guac for my nachos, they charged me $8 for a HUGE plate of guac and chips, the appetizer! Ridiculous!! Their guacamole is BAD. It was bland, and just tasted like they overloaded it with lime. There was no spice or anything in there. It just tasted like limey avocados. DISAPPOINTED. 
The nachos were okay, I had beans in it, which I've never had anywhere else. I liked it. They were okay, it had too much cheese. I never complain about too much cheese. But it overpowered everything. I make better nachos at home. They had pico de gallo, which I liked on top, though.
I think I'll come back here for other stuff..maybe. I love my guacamole though.. so I'm not too sure. I think they deserve a second chance. I know this place is a hit with alot of poeple, which is why i think it deserves another chance. 
I do like that this place is pretty cheap with good portions. 
SKIP, the guacamole..and if you want it for a side, BEWARE, it's $8.When me and my boyfriend walked in to the restaurant, I immediately noticed their sauce flavor. I felt like the smell pulled my body into the restaurant. We ordered the flan, steak tacos and shrimp burrito. 
Flan: very big, they give a very generous amount of the flan, and it's soaked in the yummy sweet caramel juice. Texture is perfect, not too firm and not too soft. 
Steak tacos: I thought 3 small tacos would be a quick taste of the flavor, but boyyyyy, was I wrong. They packed the steak inside the tortilla and it was impossible for us to even close the taco. They also double tortilla it, so the tortilla won't break. Flavor is definitely there, and it's so tender! 
Shrimp burrito: they packed the burrito with small shrimps, like literally packed! Every bite we took had shrimp in it, no lie.
Overall, I will definitely go back if I was ever in Philly again. And the girl who worked there was super nice, very friendly and smiley.Ok, this is my favorite Mexican place in Philly. I don't know why I don't come here all the time. 
GET THE NACHOS. WITH MEAT (steak or al pastor). You won't regret it. 
If you get said nachos, the platter could probably feed two people. So don't order too many additional entrees like the nachos are an appetizer. Maybe nachos and one other cemita/torta or something for two people. And even then you will be stuffed. 
SO GOOD.El Jarocho (I pronounced it El Jare-A-Co upon our first visit) is the first (and only make it) no frills, authentic, Mexican eatery we have dined at while living in the city limits. In fact I haven't had mexican home cooking like this since visiting New Mexico & 'Rado  (and it's better!). The servings are hefty and comforting to the foodie soul. Me and hubs love talking random shop with the PPD, who are also regular diners, trying different Mexi dishes that we can't even pronounce or understand, and tip our hearts out to the service (speedy & to the point - just how I like it) with a smile.The food is great, ordering process could be better
Huge vegetarian burritos, great jalepeno tacos, the chorizo is good too. The quesadilla tacos come covered in a blend of mexican cheese and covered with lettuce, pico de gallo, and crema, this plate of food along with a ton of water will kill a hang over in a flash.
Ordering over the phone can prove to be difficult. Just have the person taking your order repeat it back to you. The slight annoyance is worth it.My dining companion brought home some tacos from El Jarocho for dinner the other night.  There were really good, but they definitely needed the flavor sauces and some lime to liven them up a bit.  If I ever venture to South Philly again, I will definitely go in person.Good food. I was the only vegetarian in my group. I got the veggie fajita mixata and it was pretty good but was a bit too salty. 
3/5 stars bc the place was tiny and the food was a bit too salty. 
 I got annoyed bc they had changed the prices on their menu but the waitress didn't inform me and my food ended up being a bit more expensive than anticipated. 
Be sure to ask about their prices!one of my all time fave mexican spots. i've been to many mexicans places in philly and i believe each one of them has their own little thing that i like. 
i come here for the camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp). been here twice now and that seems to be the dish i end up ordering. love that garlicky taste!! i swear i gotta try out other stuff on the menu.
it's a small corner spot with only a handful of tables so if it's packed...it's def worth the wait.  the waitress will bring you chips with these two dips (one freaking spicy, but really good that you're gonna wanna keep dipping and drinking tons of water and the other non-spicy kinda hard to explain but really good dip as well.
they're menu varies from breakfast food to dinner food. i always get a jarritos with my food.
i def recommend this place over the americanized mexican joints, cheap and authentic. 
next time i come here def got to remember to bring some cervezas :)I've been to a dozen mexican places in Philadelphia and this is on my top 3 easily. I typically get the quesadilla or tortas and they will not fail to satisfy.
The place does look like a hole in the wall but if you ask me, these kind of places serve the best foods. The seating is limited but they'll do their best to accommodate. I wouldn't advise going with more than 4 friends. There are definitely dishes I would stray from like the alambre because I think other joints do it better.
Lastly, they have my favorite salsa here out of all the mexican restaurants I've been to. They serve chips with a green salsa and a pink creamy salsa. The pink creamy salsa is in my opinion hands down the best salsa. It adds a nice smooth flavor to the food that you combine it with. When you have the saltiness of the meat combined with the smooth taste of the salsa, it balances out the pallet very nicely.Burrito Al Pastor, Chips with Steak, and Large Horchata.
Delicious.
Too much Food.
Perfect for Celebrations (casual).Great quick authentic Mexican food.  The tacos are delish and pink sauce is a must try.  Delivery is always hot and fresh.El Jarocho is one of the best (personally, THE best) restaurant ($10-14) in Philly.
The food is delicious. Al Pastor burrito, Mexican burrito, chips with steak.
It's a small place, but the food is filling and is prepared so wellI first stumbled on El Jarocho after a particularly hard night of partying.  I wandered hungover through the streets trying to find some food and something to quench my thirst. I ordered a Oaxaquenos Style Egg burrito, This place is totally a gem, probably my favorite mexican place in Philadelphia.One of the best, authentic Mexican/South American food restaurants in the city. Al Pastor is amazing here.This place is the cats pajamas! We  ordered delivery 2 times this weekend and are officially super fans of this place. The guacamole, chips, burritos all are amazing!!  I highly suggest getting anything with steak. Is that cream sauce from the heavens? It is AMAZING. 
Order from here - you will not be mistaken.Everything you dreamed a Mexican restaurant could be!
As I walked into El Jarocho, hungry enough to eat a pig, I knew I was going to be in for a treat. The inside was just the right size to make it inviting and the bustling kitchen is visible from anywhere in the room.  A big family of locals, it looked like, was just finishing up.  
A few minutes after we sat ourselves at a table by the window, an extremely friendly and pleasant waitress brought us a bowl of fresh chips (the real, substantial fried on the spot corn tortilla ones NOT from a bag) and green and red salsa (their red salsa is creamy and a little smokey flavored, different, but delicious).
The menu is pretty extensive (the breakfast selections looked awesome and cheap!) and everything sounded really good.
Our table got different huge burritos ($7) and one order of tacos (3 for $6) and I got a fresh squeezed orange/carrot juice (huge and so good!) ($3).  The burrito is enormous and delicious, and definitely will knock you into a food coma if you eat it all.  The chicken burrito I got was kind of greasy and I'm pretty sure everything had to be fried in pure lard, but you know what it was damn good. 
I'd have to say the carnitas tacos were the best thing out of all our orders. 
Super fresh, really tasty pork, fresh warm corn tortillas, garnished with tons of cilantro and onion, with limes and cucumbers on the side.
They also give you mini boxes of peppermint Chiclets with your check.
I can't wait to go back and try more!I always love going here and have become a regular over the past two years.  Their shrimp specials tend to be really good and their tacos are a really good deal.  Todos son muy ricos.5 stars for this delicious restaurant. 
Can't get enough... My most recent craving and obsession. Wish they delivered to West Philly.
The al pastor tacos are my fave, with fresh, grilled pineapples. 
Steak and chorizo tacos were great too. 
LOVEE the free appetizer chips and salsa! So good! ($1.50 if you want a refill on the chips)
The ALAMBRE special was amazing.... The steak was delicious... Not dry like everywhere else. Rice and beans soooo good. I haven't found pinto beans I liked in a while. Their pinto beans are good!! So what is the ALAMBRE SPECIAL? Steak. And. Bacon. TOGETHER. Amazing. 
Can't wait til I come back and try other things.
BYOB!!! And they play funny Spanish dramas :)Ordered a pork burrito for pick up- quick, cheap, and easy! Pretty authentic mexican food, but not the best burrito I've ever had. I'll have to come back and try something else next time.My boyfriend and I live in the neighborhood and we get burritos from here AT LEAST once a week. The chorizo burrito is boooomb and the plates are good also. The place is also BYOB and a good choice for a laid-back lunch or dinner.