Loved the nachos, best in chestnut hill hands down! Waitress wasn't friendly and service was slow. More than an hour for just nachos and a rice bowl!!! I felt unloved and underappreciated.  I hope she learns to move as fast as my bowels after this dining experience (and thats a positive).We live in Chestnut Hill within walking distance of this restaurant so it is an easy choice especially if it is a pretty Spring night and you want to sit outside, We have been going to El Poquito since its opening. The first time we went the food was good, certainly enough to bring us back. The next time we came the food was not all that good. Not horrible - we thought the chef may have had an off night. Since then, however, the food has gone down hill to the point of it no longer being a place we would go to eat. My husband's tacos were bland and the chicken I got in my dish was so under cooked that I could not eat 3/4's of it. One of our friend's order a mojito and was told they were out of mint! Are you kidding me? We joked that they should be growing mint in the garden! Okay, so that's the food.  But that is not all.  The hosts were rude and unaccommodating.  Just so you know, the restaurant does not take reservations for outside. If you make a reservation, be prepared to eat inside where it is so noisy you cannot hear yourself talk with anyone across the table or wait for an hour and a half so they can seat the walk ins who came in before you because it is a first come- first served policy.  Am I crazy or does that seem a little bass ackwards?  The hosts acted as if we were a pain in the you know what and it was not until two people in our party walked up the street to The Chestnut Grill to look for an outside seat that suddenly an outside table appeared. I wish we had left and gone to another restaurant. El Poquito is expensive and a waste of money. Many restaurants have come and gone from this space, and I suspect this restaurant will find the same fate if they keep treating their customers badly and serving them disgusting food. The one star I did give for this restaurant is solely for the outdoor seating. Maybe you can sit with a drink and not eat. Then it may be worth it.Would be 5 star if better wait staff.     Excellent food!!!!  The rice bowl and grilled corn were good    The black beans were great.My husband and I were very excited that a legit Mexican restaurant was opening near us and we weren't disappointed.  Unlike some reviewers I found the portions to be perfect.  I could barely finish my third Baja (fried fish) taco.  Everything tasted extremely fresh and was cooked just right.  The guacamole was super- I like it simple, chunky and flavorful.  The Sangria was delicious and the cheese quesadillas from the kid's menu was a big hit for our 4 year old.  The service was DYNAMITE.  Both times we have visited we were totally impressed with the speediness and attention to detail by the servers.  When I came back from the powder room my napkin was folded!  FANCY.Second time to this restaurant, first time everything was spot on, today still good, but some inconsistencies. My Carnitas Tacos were spot on, but the Grilled corn was not grilled but instead boiled or steamed, missing that nice tasty char that makes it special, easy enough to do with any kind of fire, like say, a gas burner. Not sure what happened, the description said grilled. Second, my girlfriends French Toast was described as having plantains on it, but instead had bananas, picky maybe, but a completely different flavor and texture. These little inconsistencies didn't ruin brunch, but I like to see what the menu describes actually end up on the plate, or have someone tell me about the substitution.Came out with friends for a birthday dinner.   Ordered chips and guac and they were very good.  We also had a round of margaritas.   It was hard to decide which tacos we wanted so we split a bunch.   All so good and tasted fresh.  We then ordered the skillet cookie for dessert which was also very good.   I paid with a gift card I received a few months back.  The waitress came back and said it had a balance of $0, which was not true as it was never used.  She grabbed the manager and they tried again will still a $0 balance.   The manager then said it may have been an error on their part and took our word for it.  Very nice customer service!    I loved eating outside and enjoying the wonderful weather.    I need to pick another night to go with friends again.We dined last night with a 6:00 PM reservation on Open Table. We were seated quickly and ordered drinks and one appetizer. Service was good but we then waited 45 minutes for three taco orders. Really? The restaurant was only two thirds full.
The waitress apologized for the long wait but gave no explanation. Food was O.K. but nothing special. Noise level was high even though they were not full. I would not recommend this restaurant as there are many better in the area.The location is good with nice outside seating. The food is average at best, but  unauthentic. The real problem was the price, in my opinion it is outrageous. I have been a few times hoping that it would get better to justify the price. The staff is hit or miss. I have had a very bad interaction, mediocre interaction, as well as excellent service. There is so much potential for the location and I truly hope they turn this place into something special.Located in lovely Mt Airy which holds much love and fond memories for me since we once lived in Philadelphia. 
On a balmy summer night, it was with friends that we decided to dine at El Poquito. 
We were seated outside, cocktails and food items offered, fireflies overhead, we enjoyed joyous convo and food, I found El Poquito to be a jocund location. 
Will return someday.I had high hopes, especially as someone who lived in the California Bay Area for 7 years, but similar to others we left disappointed.  In short - 5 star atmosphere, 1 star service, 2 star food.  We made a 6:30 pm reservation on the evening of Memorial Day and we're seated immediately at a nice table outside.  We were excited.  Ordered shrimp ceviche, carnitas tacos, veracruz tacos for the adults and a chicken taco for our toddler.  Even though we put in the order right after we got there and got the ceviche appetizer about 15 minutes later, it took an additional 45 minutes to get our entrees (7:45 PM)!  The place was half full and and 2 guys sat next to us 15 minutes after we go there and had a 2 course meal and were paying their check as we were getting our entrees.  Needless to say, making a toddler wait an hour for food is criminal - there's only so far crayons can get you.  
Our waitress barely apologized, it almost seemed as if she was avoiding us.  Luckily, the manager noticed, and took our drinks and kids meal off the check and profusely apologized.  It would have been all good if the food was amazing, but it wasn't.
- carnitas tacos - good - but hard to mess up anywhere
- veracruz tacos - terrible.  would never use cod for fish tacos.  Oily, bland, fishy tasting.  Got to use mahi mahi or wahoo.  Would have been much better if they defrosted the Trader Joe's fish veracruz and put that on some corn tortillas.  And by the way, these were severed on flour tortillas which is only ok if you're going to taco bell.  
- salsa verde - way too much lime
- ceviche - tasted kind of syrupy, and not served with chips so there's nothing to cut that taste
Because of the atmosphere and location and the manager coming over and apologizing we'll consider giving it another shot, but for now it just left a sour taste in our mouths and cranky toddler to deal with who got home past her bedtime.Horrible service. Server didn't introduce herself or follow up after bringing water to the table, we had to flag her down. After long wait from the kitchen the server forgot about us and brought food out cold.  Taco soup and pork tacos were not good and inedible.  Fajitas would have been okay if they weren't cold.  Server was unfriendly and inattentive.Awesome guac, great sangria, yummy pulled purl tacos, but very slow. Unapolagetic service.It's Chestnut Hill so it has a price tag but honestly, it's not worth the hype. Nothing tastes freshly made or made in-house for that matter, the only tasty part of my meal was the Margarita.This is one of my favorite restaurants. I live in California now and I always enjoy coming back here for the tacos. No joke. Engage the bartender if you can, and drink some real drinks. I usually drink tequila and tecate, and skip margaritas. The house special, La Casa, always works for me. Ask about the Sangrita that comes with La Casa. Ceviche, tacos, booze, beer, solid bar tending and table service. The kitchen still keeps it tight after two years on the block. Everything is excellent. High end street food. A great building, with a nice room upstairs. For me it is always happy dining. If you care about price per serving, and like to make a big deal bout how expensive things are, you'll complain about El Poquito.I thought that the food here was really good. I got the fajitas for two people and split and I was impressed with the cook of the meat. When I went there this summer, I tried to order an horchata and they said they did 't have any. Then I asked them if they will have some later and they said "we don't make them." Besides that, I thought that this restaurant was a great place with great food. Definitely coming back (with my own horchata from whole foods)Recently found this place and I wish I did a long time ago. Great bar, great food, and great atmosphere. The korean bbq and bahn mi tacos are ridiculously good. I've never had tacos with this much flavor. Most of all though, the happy hour drinks are cheap and legit. Most places that have $6 happy hour margaritas, you are paying for a glass that this primarily triple sec and the rest is crappy tequila. These were strong and the tequila was not bottom shelf. Def worth a visit if you like mexican food (even if you like korean bbq or vietnamese too).1 star is being kind to a restaurant with a snotty hostess and manager who treat guests with open table reservations as second class citizens if they are 2 older people who didn't reserve specific tables. Otherwise you are relegated to loud cramped 2 seaters and told to take it or leave it. We left it! First restaurant I've walked out of over poor treatment before I sat down. Never coming back. Ever!Can get expensive if you want to go for drinks at the end of the week because there is no happy hour on Friday. This is kind of a downer for my friends and I who look forward to a few drinks with no work on Saturday. Korean BBQ tacos, carnitas tacos, and vegetarian tacos are delicious. You have a choice of getting 3 or 4. Typically their tacos are small, and I found that the carnitas taco had much more filling than the Korean BBQ and vegetarian tacos. If you have a large appetite I'd suggest ordering an appetizer like their fresh guacamole or spicy queso dip because you may still be hungry after your 3 or 4 tacos. 
My friends and I went last week on Friday for a birthday and they were featuring a guava margarita which was PHENOMENAL. Unfortunately, they ran out half way through the night and we were forced to settle for their blood orange margarita, which is also good but a little more tart than the sweet guava.This was my first experience in Chestnut Hill. The service at this restaurant was horrible. The server did not introduce herself she asked us if we wanted to wait until our 3rd party came to order but when he arrived she took like 15 minutes to take our order. She took our order and the wrong drink was delivered to our table twice. Our food was extremely bland, it literally was chicken, white rice, cheese, and radish with parsley sprinkled on top. I am extremely disappointed at my experience here, it failed my expectations tremendously. Unfortunately, bad experience stick with guests the most. Especially when it has been their first time somewhere and they didn't feel welcomed. The chips and salsa were great but that was the best part of our experience.We used to love this place, but lately there's a downward trend every time we go. The food is still decent but the quality of service is severely lacking. And it's finally hit a point where I needed to write a review.  Our waitress was just plain sad.. we met with friends on a friday night, were seated quickly and the waitress was visibly annoyed that we didn't order alcohol when she took our drink orders. Through the rest of our dinner she just seemed like she did not want to be there and couldn't have cared less about our experience..
What happened to the personality this place used to have?? The waiters and waitresses used to be pretty hip, now they have the personality of a potato. 
I don't know if there's some uninspiring leadership causing this attitude but it's headed downhill fast!!I ordered delivery through Caviar. The original wait time was about 20-30 minutes, which isn't bad because I literally live down Germantown Ave (less than a 10 minute drive from El Poquito). My order took a hour to come. Which I'm not annoyed about because I know things happen, delays in ordering, etc. I've worked in the industry and I'm aware of these things and take them into consideration. 
I ordered the chicken bowl and plantains. My verified my order before placing it. Anyways, my food comes and I'm ready to dig into my chicken bowl and I open a box and it's 3 chicken tacos. I doubled checked my order on my app, which lists "pollo bowl" and I look at the order slip but it says "pollo tacos". So whoever put the actual order into the system put the wrong thing. (I know they have to read the order from Caviar and then physically put the order into their system (example: Micros)). Unless there's an error between the app and the restaurants system. 
I decided to keep the tacos but was really anticipating the pollo bowl because the tacos are so small. Also, I didn't want to reorder or have a redelivery because I already waited for a hour to have it delivered to me and I didn't want to have to wait an additional hour to have it redelivered. 
---
Update: The pollo tacos are pretty bland. The tortilla seems to have more taste to it than the chicken. I had to put some Sriracha sauce on them.We only had margaritas and chips with salsa, but both were delicious.  
The decor inside and outside at El Poquito is really inviting.  We sat outside and ordered margaritas with the blood orange juice and chips with the sweet onion salsa which was more of a creamy dip.  Both were great and we were very satisfied.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and drinks.  Awesome selection of tequila and good variety of craft beer.  We will surely be back and looking forward to trying more of the menu.Enjoy the food, atmosphere, etc.
Whoever does the hiring here, stop being so tight. Hire more people. One bartender for a 20+ seat bar and the tables? Your servers are nice and solid but you need twice as many people. Stop being cheap so I can enjoy my meal in under 2 hours. 
Your service sucks and not because the servers are bad.bad service - extremely long wait time after we ordered our food, food came out at different times (the waiter was honest enough to tell us he forgot to enter some of it, good for him)
subpar food. nachos were pretty good but the taco bowls (and everything else) tend to be dry and definitely over priced for what it is. spent 150 dollars for lots of waiting, awkwardly watching half the table eat and largely tasteless food for a party of 5.Never do I really write reviews but I feel like I had to this time around. My boyfriend & I come to this place very often, we really loved this place. The most recent time we brought my mom, who's an occasional Mexican food eater. We ordered food that was too spicy for her and spicier than normal for us (her first bit she was choking, eyes watering, gulping water, etc.). We called the server over and asked her if we could exchange for no spicy sauce. Really nice server told us she didn't think so but she'll ask her manager -- came back and she said that her manager told her that we have to purchase another one without spicy sauce + get charged for the plate we cannot eat. I was surprised so I asked to speak to the manager myself! The manager in a rude tone told me the same thing but then also began to tell me that, "We lose a lot of money for people sending food back... we can fire up another one but you're going to have to pay for both... because this is how you ordered your food". Unheard of! Moral of the story -- you better enjoy what you get at this place or ask for a glass of milk if it's too spicy, because if not... you have to purchase another order so they don't "lose money".Went here midweek with a girlfriends for cocktails, thinking it was still CH7. So pleasantly surprised to find a sophisticated, trendy tequila bar in chestnut hill. Yes! The drink menu was clear- this IS a tequila oasis. Our server, Michael, was like the grande somolier for tequila. He knew everything and was an enthusiastic and patient coach to us. Talked about the regions and variants of tequilas. I wound up ordering on of the flights which is served with an amazing palate stimulant (forget the name). If you go, find Michael and tell him "the Stephanie's" sent you and ask him about the flights. Also, had the TO DIE FOR tortilla soup.  Flavors exploded out of that bowl. I like highly seasoned, savory food.  Yummmmm! I can't wait to go back and bring more friends. Also can't wait to sit al fresco on the fire pit patio which is now adorned with colorful strung lights. Fiesta!Visited here on a Sunday night and sat outside. Cute place but the smell  outside from neighboring trash or something was not pleasant at all.When walking to the restaurant  I passed an alley or trash area between the building and the smell was horrible. Unfortunately once seated outside  the smell was also noticed. Well the guacamole was very good and the portion was  big. The margaritas also good but a smaller size  than I thought it should be. Enchilada was hard on the outside which made it difficult to cut which meant opening it to eat the contents on the inside. Tacos were good but small. There were no condiments hot sauce or limes for garnishing.Service was good.My left overs were thrown in a box and looked like garbage when I opened it at home.Overall decent not great.I would try again but sit inside and order something else. Although the menu is very small!Cute little place with some fabulous margaritas and street tacos. We went for my brother in laws birthday with a group of six and sat inside. They have outdoor tables too, cute little courtyard to the left of the restaurant. 
We started with a round of margaritas, everyone was happy with their choice. I had the jalapeño margarita, it was the perfect blend of sweet, salt and spice. I'd order it again. For starters we had the guac, empanadas and pulpit ceviche-I liked all of it but, especially the empanadas. For the main course we ordered all of the street tacos, the banh mi and the Korean BBQ were out of this world good.  We also tried the shrimp and carnitas tacos but, all agreed the street tacos are the way to go. 
The service was just okay. The waiter seemed annoyed with us at times and all of us would have had another drink but, he never returned to the table after the tacos came. That was a bit aggravating but, the food was so good I will definitely try it again.WORST experience I have ever had in a restaurant. 5/10/18 I came here with my twin sister for our birthday dinner. The service was horrible and the waiter barely checked on us two times although we ordered drinks, an appetizer, and entree. The second round of drinks took 20 minutes to arrive. 
After this we gave them the card to cover our order, we were told that the card machine was down and we had to walk four blocks to take out cash to cover our order. This happened to us and various other tables in the restaurant. Our tab was $80. Meanwhile all of the customers seated outside were left to sit in the RAIN to wait for the card machine to work or go walk blocks to get cash. Not one employee checked on us. NONE of us were offered any kind of compensation, free drink, or even discount. We weren't even told that we could be moved inside while the rain is coming down. 
My twin sister walked blocks to take out $100 to cover our tab and tip our AWFUL waiter.  In the meantime I asked the waiter for my card back. Then after my sister finally arrived back and I'm drenched in rain we went indoors to pay our tab and the waiter gave me my card AGAIN. The first card he gave me back belonged to a different individual even after I told him my exact name to get my card back initially, he gave me someone else's card which was identical to my card and sat in my wallet over an hour while I sat in the rain waiting for the card machine to work and my sister to come back until I realized he gave me another person's card.
We finally paid our tab and still were offered NO compensation. The staff was extremely rude and barely apologized all they said is: "It's not our fault the machine is broken" meanwhile dozens of people sat in the rain. They couldn't even offer a measly %10 off our tabs. We could have walked out of this restaurant and never paid and they never would have even noticed: that is how AWFUL the service was, even before the card machine fiasco. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT. THANK YOU FOR THE WORST BIRTHDAY DINNER IN MY ENTIRE LIFE EL POQUITO.This place is right where I went to elementary and it's clean, delicious and friendly. They even got the game on...Food is ALWAYS delicious. Service is awful 8/10 times. Servers have absolutely no personality or interest in the customers. They don't acknowledge you. I continue to go back because the food and the atmosphere are wonderful. But they should really train their servers better.I ate here today for Mother's Day lunch and it was delicious! We got seats outside and they had good music playing. They offered a free Margherita or Rose to all the moms. I'm not drinking so I give the marg to my husband and he said it was delicious. 
We started with chips, salsa and guacamole. All 3 were very good. The salsa was probably too hot for most people's taste but we love spicy food so it hit the spot. 
I got the carne Asada taco bowl. It was very flavorful and a pretty big serving size. My husband had the carnitas enchiladas. We both loved his dish as well. We ordered a chicken quesadilla for my 2 yr old. He wasn't really into it. I think the cheese was too exotic for him but I thought it was very good. We also ordered the kids fruit cup and it was pineapple and mango. He devoured it. 
We will be back again!Great looking Mexican concept in a great location.  Can't wait to come back in the warm weather and sit outside!  Loved the newly renovated interiors and attractive bar area.  The chips were served warm and salted (yum) and the guacamole was chunky and delicious.  Loved the flavor of the carne asada tacos and the sweet plantains.  Vera cruz fish tacos were good as well.  Loved the pineapple soda too!  Server was attentive and interested, though it seems there are a few kinks to work out as they train new servers.The food is good. I really like the new ambience and decor. They have large booths so it is easy to have a group of 6 or maybe 8 sitting there. The drink menu is large and the food is authentic. The decor is honestly great, if ambience is important El Poquito struck a home run.The food was "fine" but what angered me was the fact that at 5:30 on a Wed night they would not seat us (a party of 3) in a certain section. There are bench seats along the side that overlook the patio. They were all empty. We asked to be seated there and were told they were all reserved. I found that unlikely in Chestnut hill on a Wed night. We said we would be in and out quickly but they said no. We sat in a corner and ended up staying until almost 8:30 partly to observe what time the "reservations" were arriving.  Only one group of four came in and sat at those tables. They were open all night. We were angered but I figured why make a stink. Maybe they try to hold them for parties of 4 or more. But, last night I was telling both my sisters the story and they said that in the past they have sat there with 2 of their kids- so a party of 3. That is why I decided to comment. A paying customer is a paying customer.Ok the chorizo tacos were delicious and the price is super reasonable ON HAPPY HOUR. With that being said, I HATE it when a server doesn't tell their tables when happy hour ends (6:30, not 7:00 like their website says) and you continue to order when the price more than doubled. I also hate not having the opportunity to get one more drink on happy hour prices. And to add to the pot, please understand the value of splitting checks. Don't bring over one check for a table of 4 very different people and run away before we can ask you to split it.I want to like this place. My boyfriend and I constantly are going back in hopes we will like it better. But the fact of it is we always leave feeling like we paid too much for blah food. It is a little pricey which we usually do not mind but when we are consistently unsatisfied it is not worth it. 
The atmosphere of this place is so cool inside and out. The chips/ salsas/ margs are also very good. However, we have tried almost all the tacos (in hopes to really like one kind) and they are all just OK. Tacos are small and do not fill you up completely. We ordered the fajitas once and it was 75% peppers/onions. 
We will definitely be back for chips/margs with friends but both decided we will not be eating dinner there again.Took some friends here for lunch yesterday.  Aside from my encounter with the dour and surly (just this side of rude) bartender, it was a very fine experience.  --rfI've been eyeballin' this place for quite some time and am thrilled to report that it was worth all the oglin'! I can't remember what it was before, but I just remember it being a li'l too underwhelming to warrant return visits. Happily, that's not the case with El Poquito: Terrific atmosphere, super sweet, swift service, very tasty eats and a wonderfully tequila-laden beverage selection.
My friend and I shared a bountiful scoop of mega fresh, perfectly chunky 'n smooth guac. We each dined on chicken rice burrito bowls, which had me singin' serious notes of BYE CHIPOTLE . I don't know what kind of rice was in that bowl, but it was so delightfully fluffy and flavorful. As a dish, all of the flavors of the grilled chicken, the black beans, the queso and salsa melded together to create a really warm depth of flavor, and the portion was perfect. 
Try their seasonal margaritas fuh sho! Right about now they have 2 | the blood orange : tastefully tart :: the blackberry : sublimely sippable. The decor is a very inviting mix of rustic, a li'l funky and a li'l upscale, and it's one of a few places I've visited recently that had a volume level that didn't require constant yelling and the cupping of the ears to hear.
They do take reservations, but we went on a Sunday evening at around 7 and were seated immediately. It's lovely having a dependably delicious, reasonably priced Mexican establishment so close to home. If you're in Chestnut Hill, check it out!What a pleasant surprise as newbies to the burbs. We were looking for a taco truck and this place is a gem!Ate here last night and was not impressed with the food or the service. We ordered guacamole and it was as good as I remembered it being, and the chips were nicely salted. Two of us ordered the "Michelada" drink and it was delicious. We asked for more lime on the side as the piece they gave us was so tiny you couldn't even squeeze any juice out of it, but we never received it. I had the carnita tacos and was not impressed. It was super greasy and lacked flavor. The best part about it was the pickled onions. My fiance ordered a chicken burrito. He took about two bites before it fell apart... no big deal. However, the spices (maybe from the chicken... maybe the beans?) were extremely overpowering and not in a good way. He barely ate half of it before he was completely over it. His cousin and her husband ordered bowls- mushroom and shrimp. They looked pretty good and they said it was okay. All in all, I would come back but only for guacamole and a michelada. The staff isn't very friendly or attentive. There's too many good mexican places to settle for mediocre.Nice space but very average food and drinks. The margaritas are weak, have way too much ice and are $9. The tuna ceviche was good and the guacamole was decent but the carne tacos were very bland and the carnitas were better but still not great - they were missing something. Everything was fresh and cooked well (not overcooked or tough) but still just meh. It also irks me when Mexican restaurants don't just give you chips and salsa.  And where is the hot sauce? Bill for 2 w/o tip was $86 (three drinks,  two aps and two taco dishes).  Way too much for what it was.  Service was okay. Had to ask twice for something and had to ask for appetizer plates. Hopefully it improves as I was hoping it would be decent as I love Mexican food.Beautiful atmosphere, especially if you can eat outside and killer tacos!   Especially the curry cauliflower.El Poquito's outdoor ambiance is unmatched, the kind of tucked away garden seating is perfectly comfortable for spring, summer, and fall days and nights. Crushed stone, scattered tables, lanterns, umbrellas, and various plantings make an oasis in Chestnut Hill. Food is decent Mexican, nothing overly tasty or needing to get a fix, just decent.  Cocktails are inventive, fresh juice with a tequila or mezcal backbone are refreshing, wine selection is simple and adequate, the beers authentic, Modelo, Pacifico. Nice people work here but don't seem to hustle so service can be very slow.  The outdoor area in great weather can be special, if you don't mind waiting for a leisurely experience.Overpriced, overwrought and overly complicated Mexican grub all cleaned up for the suburban Anglo.I love this place. The tacos are delicious. I have had the chorizo tacos and the chicken tacos so far. Loved both. They have a "Taco Tuesday" during happy hour on...Tuesdays... where some varieties of tacos are $4 for 3 tacos. We also split nachos, which were $10 (regular-priced). You get this heaping pile of fresh, delicious, spicy, steaming hot nachos complete with cheese, beans, jalapenos, sour cream. My boyfriend and I love spicy food, so if you don't, you might want to let your server know beforehand.
I have also had "la casa" which includes a can of Tecate (beer) and a shot of tequila with a ridiculously delicious sangrita (non-alocholic accompaniment for tequila blanco) for $6 during happy hour. My boyfriend had a Dos Equis on draft for $3. 
I thought the wait staff was super friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is great. The outside seating is just what I love during the summer.
During non-happy hour times it can be bit pricey, but, it's Chestnut Hill and you kind of expect that. And in comparison to some other places that charge just as much, this place has really good quality food and atmosphere. Also, all the prices are clearly stated on the menu, so I'm not sure why anyone was surprised about their bill...
Anyway, I can't wait to go back!!Good experience, food was great. I recommend the chips and queso for sure. Cute little place, ate outside on a warm day in February. Only issue is they wouldn't seat us without a reservation at 5pm on a Saturday when 75% of the restaurant was empty so I went outside and made a reservation online, went back inside and they seated us right away... which I thought was strange. other than that, no complaints.The food is well prapared from quality ingredients.  It was very tasty. The serving sizes are smaller than most other places. This helps to not overeat. They have nice big tables where 6 to 8 people can fit.Service was very bad. I sat at the bar and didn't see a bartender for about 3 mins. I look across the bar and there is a couple with menus in front of them looking around like where is the bartender. So I look around and the staff is in a circle having a good old time laughing it up. The bartender finally come and see looks at me and walks pass me and grabs menu slide them in front of me and said what can I get you. I don't know but maybe that is the level of service that the provide.Terrible drinks and bartenders! There was an hour and a half wait so we went to sit at the bar where we happened to find 2 seats. It took 10-15 minutes to even be acknowledged by one of the two bartenders working. I ordered the Verdita margarita which was supposed to be a mix of jalapeno, pineapple, cilantro and mint. All I could taste was the cilantro. It looked like it was from a pre-mixed bottle rather than crafted fresh with each drink. We were then seated and ordered another round of drinks. This time I tried the blood orange margarita. My husband had ordered a beer and received it about 15 minutes before I received my margarita, which we had to remind our server about twice. Once I received the drink, that was a terrible margarita too. Again, it tasted like it was from a pre-mixed bottle.  I've made better blood orange margaritas at home. As for the food, the food was decent, but there are much better Mexican restaurants in the area.  I will not be returning to El Poquito.Good service. Great atmosphere for outside seating. 
Chips are good. Salsa's are extra. We got the salsa Roja..eh. It's more like a puréed sauce than a salsa, but the flavor is ok. I probably wouldn't have judged it at all if I didn't have to pay extra for it. For an app we had the "Queso Fundido with chorizo". It's not like the usual Queso Fundido I have had before, it's very hearty---filled with onions and peppers. It was great! 
I had "carne Asada Taco's", needed a sauce, but very good. I added some of their Mole sauce to them. My husband had the "Short rib enchiladas with Mole sauce" they were excellent!!!! He loved them and he is so picky about Mexican food. 
I thought the portions were perfect and the prices were accurate! I didn't think they were pricey at all. My only suggestion is to offer salsa at no extra charge with the chips, especially when people are definitely ordering drinks, apps and entrees.  Also, maybe offer a hard shell taco as an option with all of your tacos. We will definitely be returning on a regular basis.We sat down immediately, and got served relatively quickly. However, our food took almost 45 minutes to be served. Because it was so crowded, our server forgot our sparkling water that we ordered. The food was pretty good. We had rice and beans with plantains. The plantains are absolutely delicious!!!
Very clean and nice atmosphere. The outside seating is nice, and at night beautiful lights are string around the restaurant.When I entered the restaurant, I had to awkwardly stand among people dining and drinking around the bar to wait for the hostess. When we were seated, our waitress was sort of odd and did not smell very good (I am not saying this to be rude, but it is unpleasant when you are dining). The food was OK -we tried the steak and fish tacos - not particularly innovative or different from other Mexican restaurants. There was just something about the atmosphere that was off-putting, it may have been the noise level. I may try this again since I enjoy dining out in Chestnut Hill but overall, my initial experience was negative.This is mine and my husbands go-to dinner spot. The little lights strung up outside; they just get me! To be honest the food isn't amazinggg, and the prices are slightly high (hence the four stars) but it's got great ambiance, the service is fast, and the staff is friendly. They also have some great meatless options; the cauliflower tacos are my favorite!Great drinks and tacos. Cute indoor and outdoor seating. Friendly service. 
Enjoyed dinner with friends and a couple frozen margaritas. The  Baja tacos and carnitas we're my favorite.My feelings about this place are mixed.  I have been three times, my wife a few more.  The food is good but we have had strange service experiences before.  Slow service at times when it has been both busy and slow.  Getting drinks can be tough at times.  I had the special blackberry margarita once and it was very good - worth the price.  Bartenders are great.  Like I said, the food is good.  I love the chorizo tacos and the street tacos make for a unique menu option.  The large outdoor seating area is a really attractive option in Chestnut Hill.  I am going to give them more chances to improve their score.There is ALWAYS a wait, make a reservation on open table to save yourself the headache. 
I came here for a girls night dinner on a Sat. Despite having a reservation we had to wait 15 min but the host was very nice so we didn't mind. 
We started with the tuna ceviche, it was amaze-balls! Highly recommend ordering this dish. We then split brussel sprout tacos and carne asada, tacos, both were great!  You can't mix and match taco types they only come in orders of 3 or 4, which is unfortunate because there were a lot I would have liked to try. 
Will definitely be back.So I have to admit, I've only done taco Tuesdays here... But the food is good, and you can't go wrong for the price. The drinks could be a little stronger, but again... $3 is a steal.
Nothing about this place is authentic, but I don't think that is what people are going for. The staff are friendly, the place is a nice environment and clean. I guess I need to get back and try some of the items on the menu and pay full price. Not sure why the reviews are a little low.Despite being served mediocre food here twice before, we tried again with a guest from out of town who enjoys Mexican and is not much of a foodie. Big mistake. As before, service was glacial and this time amounted to a form of self-sabotaging rudeness. Imagine leaving a large crowd of people in your lobby area for at least 15 minutes without even making an appearance to greet them, ask if they have a reservation, take down names or advise them as to what kind of wait was in front of them. Imagine multiple groups of your customers having seen that there were many open tables outside, and then, while you have all already been standing by the reception desk for at least 15 minutes without anyone's even approaching you, having the receptionist actually stand inches in front of your face and take a phone reservation for 10 minutes from now for one of those same empty outside tables!!!! I say 15 minutes, but it would almost certainly have been longer. At that point, we left. Two other parties in the lobby did the same. This place is shooting itself in the foot. Luckily we were spared a third round with the mediocre fare. We will not be back.My beau and I stopped in here on a late Sunday afternoon,after walking right past it earlier without realizing that it was a restaurant due to the almost unreadable sign hanging out front.
Small,overpriced portions served in an annoyingly small cast iron dish instead of a plate that leaves you no where to rest your knife and fork.
We each ordered quesadillas (verde and chicken $10 and $14). Each dish was 2 meager quesadillas w/o any rice,beans or even a bit of green salad. Most Mexican places throw this stuff in for free because it's cheap for them and diners like getting it.
I also agree with the reviewer who mentioned no chips & salsa offered when you sit down...it just seems cheap of them. If they are trying to be upscale Mexican, that's a nut that will be hard to crack,as most of us expect to pay a moderate amount of $ for plenty of food,when it comes to Mexican cuisine.
Hopefully, they'll rethink the portion sizes and get some real plates.....First impression is a beautiful, cool, funky space.  My two friends and I were here for a Saturday night dinner and the place was full and candlelit.  Everything was perfect until the waiter came to our table.  Everything went downhill from there.  First of all, the earnest, friendly waiter (who kept calling me "my dear" even though I am old enough to be his Mom), was clueless about Mexican food.  Odd, huh?  Couldn't pronounce the Spanish names correctly.  We got drinks and about five small plates.  The guacamole was tasteless and the salsa (which cost $6!) was not special and not made from fresh or tasty tomatoes.  There was a small dish of smoked onion dip that was overly salty but tasty, yet there wasn't enough salt in the guacamole or salsa, so we mixed them up.   My friend's margarita was good...at least the bartender was on the ball.  We got three different taco meals (3 small tacos to each meal) and a ceviche, along with the three dips and chips.  The fish tacos were so unspectacular they wouldn't' rival a self-respecting Philly food truck.  We ordered the most expensive crevice, with yellow fin (I think it was $13).  When I say it was small, I think we each had one bite each.  No kidding. People at the next table asked to be moved because the funky red metal chairs were so uncomfortable.  The place is trying hard to be so cool, but it better get its food act together quickly or it will be out of business in six months.  The only way I'd go back would be for drinks.  My share of the bill, $50, which included two Brooklyn lager drafts, left me hungry and unsatisfied.Just went for a few drinks and an appetizer with my husband this evening.  Overall, good experience.  Nice decor, and I'm looking forward to the outside area being open.  We ordered the paloma, the mezcal negroni, and a margarita.  All very good, but the negroni is unnecessarily expensive.  Ordered the tacos de carnitas, which we liked.  The tortillas were tasty, and they were topped with pickled onions.  The meat wasn't so crispy (as it says on the menu), but flavorful.  Looking forward to future visit and further review updates.Loved the food which was flavorful and delicious.  The decor is not my style but it didn't take away from my dining experience.  But I am taking away one star because they offer nothing in the way of happy hour.Like others, I really wanted to like El Poquito. Chestnut Hill certainly needs a dedicated taco spot. I came in with high expectations, but it fell a bit short.
The atmosphere was great, with tasteful decor, and cozy seating. The tequila menu was impressive, with a wise variety of options, the two of which I had were delicious.
The food was fair... tasty, but overpriced and underportioned. I ordered the fish tacos, and was left looking for my other taco after I was finished. The margarita I ordered was also tasty, but underportioned.
The waitstaff was friendly, but less than attentive.Really tasty. Great service. 
Had the enchiladas. Delicious.  Not from around chestnut hill but would definitely make a trip back this way to come here.The food here is consistently terrible. I hate to say it because it's walkable from our house. So cute and you really wanna be there but the food is awful. We have given it sooo many tries but wow- terrible. I think if it wasn't for the great location it would have went out of business long ago. And it's over priced which would be fine if it were any good. I'd say a cool place for just drinks but the drinks are super weak. I really wish they would up the standards.Decent Mexican food in a spacious, casual but sophisticated atmosphere. Service was fast, polite, and efficient. Prices were a little high. 
We ordered the guacamole and chips, fried plantains, carnitas tacos, and Baja fish tacos.  Guacamole had a bit too much lime for my tastes, overpowering the creamy avocado flavor, but was still tasty. I also didn't care for the one tortilla per taco, they are small and pretty thin tortillas and could get messy. Fish tacos had a cornmeal breading, which made the fish dense but the spices were on point and the flavor was there. Carnitas had nice crispy edges and the pickled red onion gave a nice counterpoint. I still prefer Buena Onda for seafood tacos, but I'd try this place again for some of the more creative flavors offered - Korean BBQ short rib and Banh Mi pork flavors sounded interesting. 
Plantains were my favorite. Caramelized crispy edges of sweet plantains, sprinkled with slightly salty queso fresco, a crumbly Mexican cheese. Just a dab of Mexican crema to make it creamy. 
Nice beer selection - Dogfish Head Festina Peche was the seasonal on tap, they also had Dale's Pale Ale. Bell's Two Hearted and SixPoint Sweet Action were also on the draft list. I regret not trying the Watermelon Basil margarita that was on special. Also many tequilas, including flights, mescal, and other cocktails available.
We'll be back.Celebrated with a group of 12 last night and had a great time with only a few hiccups!  The reservation was honored and a table was set up when we arrived.  In making the reservation I ended up talking to Andrea, a manager, who was very kind, helpful and and had great customer service. Our server, Neil, was helpful in answering questions about the menu and, making recommendations.  He was congratulatory to our guest of honor and at the end of the time brought out a huge sparkler and small dip of ice cream for my husband who we were celebrating- it made it really fun and memorable for all. Thank you for that!  Neil was attentive in keeping our water filled and the staff was accommodating for our group. The taco tuesday deals were delicious and we really enjoyed the guacamole and salsas although it would have been nice to have chips replenished as we left both guac and salsa on the table as there were not enough chips. One meal was brought out about an hour late and wasn't very hot so it was taken off the tab which was the right thing to do and appreciated but still disappointing for our friends who ended up eating after everyone else was done.  Overall a great time- recommended for atmosphere. Thanks El Poquito!This place is way overpriced and with very small portions, you will leave either hungry or broke. The environment is fun and kid friendly but doesn't match the cost. We were very disappointed in the store bought chips and even more devastated that the $10 cookie was served with a side of Hershey's syrup.
I reached out with my disappointment two times to the staff and have received NO RESPONSE. 
You don't have to have a culinary degree to realize this place is a waste of your money on low grade ingredients "fluffed up."The interior is really beautiful with old reclaimed wood and the service is solid.  The food, however is definitely not worth the drive to Chestnut Hill. 
The habanero cashew salsa was really good, but the verde tasted a little grassy.  The salsas also came in really small dishes which made it hard for sharing.  For a party of 6 we each got a dab of salsa and they were 4 bucks each.  The tuna ceviche was fantastic, but I definitely wouldn't share that as it's on the smaller side as ceviches come.  Both fish tacos were really tasty- both the grilled and the fried options.  The fried fish was perfectly square and resembled a frozen fish patty, but was tasty nonetheless.  The carnitas however, were disappointing as they were super dry.
The michelada was fantastic and was one of the best that I've had.  I probably wouldn't make the trek out for the food though- it was a bit overpriced and not the best I've had.This place has consistently had the worst service ever.  I sat at the bar alone and waited 10 minutes for someone to ask me what I wanted.  The bar had 3 customers.  I then asked to be seated at a table and waited for someone to acknowledge my existence. I had to ask someone to send a server. the person that finally waited on me was curt.  Like I was bothering him.  Isn't this your job?  I've waited tables and worked in customer service for any years. I'm respectful of service people .  I expecttobe treated the same way.  I'm not overly demanding. This isn't the first time that I've had a bvb ad service exper it once here.  I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.I really want to love this place. The location is perfect, outdoor seating, adorable bar- great ambiance. They have a kids' menu. 
That said- the food is meh, the drinks are weak. They really need to hire some real Mexicans to spice up the menu and give it flavor. The fajitas are 30% onion, the beans are salty. The tacos and ceviche are interesting but we are always disappointed when we eat here.Food is usually pretty good but the service is really horrendous. Many of the servers are snarly and expect to wait a long, long time for your food. Drinks are really expensive as well, just FYI.Great atmosphere and experience. Waitstaff friendly knowledgeable - a friend noted that she didn't want cheese on her rice bowl so the server made sure to ask if it was okay that her Carnitas were cooked in milk. Blood orange margaritas = delicious.this place is so what chestnut hill needs...kudos El Poquito team...I'm a local and i have been in 3 times with each time being remarkably better than the last...as usual with any new restaurant that has a line out the door from day 1 the service is gonna be wobbly...get over it haters and take a deep breath...this place has it going on and there is no doubt in my mind we have a keeper here...woo hoo
to be fair the first night i was there the food took a while but damn it was flavorful when it arrived...whoever is in the kitchen knows what he or she is doin'
2nd visit service was way better, food still on the money and i actually think its kinda on the bargain side???
last night i came back for happy hour margaritas and ended up staying for dinner...rolled myself out fully satiated on the tacos al carbon and some ridiculous tuna cevicheThe category is... taquería baja Mexico. Nom nom nom. Scores please!  10! 10! 10! 10! 10! Yaaaassss! El Poquito is the mother of all taquerías!!! Congratulations. #praytellem
The food is amazing! The staff all deserve a raise and as many hours as they want. 
Get the tacos and ask them to grill the soft tortilla. You'll thank me. 
We came with a large group and were able to try un poco de todo. Everyone was blown away!
I can't wait to do it all over again.Came here the other night and sat outside under some lights. I had a "Michelada" for the first time and I am happy to say I am HOOKED! It was such a delicious drink, with just the right amount of spice. We ordered some guacamole and chips to snack on and it was pretty good. My only complaint was the portion size- it was served in a tiny bowl with a few chips on the side (there was 4 of us but we weren't that hungry anyway). We didn't order anything else as we had been snacking all day at different places. This seemed to annoy the waiter as he brought us the bill without us even asking for it. Looking forward to the next time in the area so I can have that drink again and try some menu items.Great potential, I'll definitely go again when they've ironed out the kinks. In all fairness it was their first night, open to the public. My husband and I walked in with no reservation but was seated promptly at the bar. The ambience was very communal, big benches/booths seating 6-8 alongside the bar and smaller tables scattered about. The lighting was great but I searched for any hint of Mexican flare and found none. Maybe they haven't fully decorated although I did like that it was minimal versus overly done stereotypical decor. We were attended by a young woman named Anna at the bar w cute tortoise shelled rimmed glasses. I point her out because she was fantastic. Kept her cool even when the kitchen made some initial mixups, was very descriptive in her fave dishes and drinks and overall very accommodating.  To start the guacamole was very good (chunky, flavorful not too salty), we ordered the carne asada tacos and the chicken enchilada. We waited almost an hour for our meal and then they only brought out tacos but no enchilada. Unfortunately we couldn't wait any longer and asked Anna to cancel our order but to her and our surprise after the initial mixup the kitchen never fulfilled the enchilada order anyway so no harm no foul. My husband and I ended up sharing the tacos which were delicious and I wish we could have tried the enchilada. Not long before I was telling my husband that the manager should have come over did Anna say that owner, George was on his way and they would comp our meal. The first is a sign of great service while the latter was an over and beyond awesome gesture. We of course left a generous tip and will be back. I highly recommend, the flavors were great. Our red sangria was good and the margarita was strong! But the attentiveness and service by the staff was excellent and while we never did get to speak to George, I'm just happy they acknowledged the mishap and took care of two patrons who write entirely too long reviews! Good luck!Food was good here.  They have a great menu.  
My only complaint was the bartender.  Drinks weren't THAT great and my wine was served to me in a dirty glass with lipstick marks.  When I asked for a new glass, he dumped my wine into another dirty glass and really didn't seem to give a sh*t.We went to El Poquito on a Wednesday night and got seated right away although the restaurant was pretty busy by 7:30. The food was good but portions aren't very big and definitely not worth the price. Happy hour prices include wine, beer, and margaritas but not food (except on Tuesday nights). I'd probably go back for a happy hour drink but probably not for dinner.After Chestnut 7 closed its doors in October 2013, this prime bar/dining & garden spot on Germantown Avenue began a slide into decay. Nearly a year later, new ownership stepped in and began renovations. By December 2014, El Poquito emerged to challenge the nearby established casual dining options - Campbell's Place, King's Garden, Iron Hill Brewery etc.
Me and my wife kept putting off our trip, and finally made it on a weekday in June. To get a feel for the servings and land some leftovers for the following day, we ordered a few sides/appetizers (meatless Nachos, Platanos, El Charro Fries) and two taco platters (Pollo & Chorizo). The nacho appetizer was excellent, very flavorful and quite large with plenty to spare. Same for the fries, and while the fried plantains where fewer in quantity, they satisfied in taste and texture. The Chorizo tacos were great, while the Pollo variety did not quite hang together; the chicken had not simmered long enough and tasted like canned chunk chicken with hot sauce. That lone flaw is not significant in the scheme of things, and we're looking forward to a return visit and new choices.Poor service and I was overcharged. The food was average. Clientele, Decor and ambiance are very cool and trendy.
Therefore it's a nice place but be wary of  the overcharging.For Cinco De Mayo it was looking real bleak as the manager was looking to not honor the advertisement.
Instead, George sent complimentary item that I was really looking forward to and it certainly made the advertisement that much more bearable.
The service wasn't as attentive as I would like, but the atmosphere is lovely and the food was pretty delightful.Delicious food!! 
We ordered on two separate occasions the following dishes:
Octopus , shrimp ceviche. 
Banh mi tacos, fish tacos
Elotes
Platanos 
Crab tostada.  
Everything was super fresh, and well seasoned.
The menu items and margaritas are slightly pricey and certainly expect the smaller portion plates.  
However,  it was well worth the wait as the flavor and authenticity is absolutely excellent.First, this would be one star but it was Stag and Doe night so I think they were simply not prepared.  Starting with the obvious.....  It is impossible to tell who works there because all of the little hipsters wear jeans and Chucks and stick their pad and pen in their back pocket.   That annoys me for some reason.  I think it may be because they look like they are reaching around into the bumm ...  not good for a food server.  
We walked in and were seated and given water right away.  I could not see the menu so we literally were ordering blind.  We each ordered a margarita.... nothing fantastic for nine dollars.  The adobe has a much better house margarita  and is it MUCH less expensive.   We decided on nachos and wings ...not exactly a foray into the culinary wild west but we were tired and just wanted a quick little bite.   We asked for the Black Beans on the side.  I have a thing about the way the black beans soak into the chips..  they make them soggy too quickly for my taste.   When our food came out within a reasonable amount of time the server said...Oh I forgot you wanted the beans on the side... Don't worry there are not many on there.....    It was a nacho casserole...  chips SMOTHERED in black beans, then beef, then cheese...  SHe said I should try it and she would come back and if we didn't like it she would have them remade.   Away she went....... and away she stayed.....  empty drinks, empty water glasses and nasty nachos.....
By the time she came back we just wanted out.  We got FORTY SEVEN DOLLAR CHECK, paid and left.....  I won't be back anytime soonFood was great, drinks were great, service was great. Loved the atmosphere. Upscale Mexican food at reasonable prices. Can't wait to go back!The food was less than authentic and I got food poisoning from the tacos. I have a notoriously strong stomach but something at that restaurant got my stomach very upset. The food wasn't worth the 30 minute bathroom hiatus I took between courses. Hopefully my sickness was not a result of poor food prep or sanitation. Decor was nice though.I wish that I had read an earlier post that mentioned the rude service at this restaurant.  Never before have I ordered take out and had a bartender be as rude,  and act like they were doing me a favor. I was in a good mood before walking into this restaurant,  and left irritated. I'm not sure what his name was, but he bartended on O6/11/16 around 6PM. *hint* management check your records. 
If you want decent food and rude service,  this is your place.I wish I liked El Poquito more. The location, ambiance, and decor are all far more exciting than the service and dishes served. 
The menu is pricey by neighborhood standards, though I think we're all willing to pay for an impressive bite. Our meals have been good but not memorable. 
We've mostly gone to El Poquito for Taco Tuesdays. Based upon our Tuesday experiences alone, I wouldn't suggest going unless a discount or deal were an option. Even on Taco Tuesdays with one order of tacos each and one beer, our tab came to $25 before a tip. 
The lofty bill for 6 tacos and a drink was worsened by the fact that it was 20 minutes before anyone noticed that we had been seated. They gave us both the wrong drinks without acknowledging it before taking our order. It took a quarter of the time we waited to finish our food and beer. 
I'm sure we'll try again, but the long wait time makes us more likely to go to another restaurant in the neighborhood.This place is pretty to look at ( I guess) more the location is great and the outdoor space is lovely. That's it. The food SUCKS! Guacamole was so bad and bland we couldn't eat, worst margaritas we ever tasted. Had to send one back it actually tasted like poison. Very overpriced for such crappy food. Fish taco (fried and grilled) were so bad. Not many people were in there should have been a sign. Just terrible, Taco Bell would have been more Mexican and tastier than this slop. YUCK!I really liked this place. We got the Octopus Ceviche, Empanada, and Two Street Tacos. One was the Korean BBQ and the other was the Mahi Mahi with mango salsa. Kids had a hot dog and Cheese Quesadilla. Both of those were really good too and the Queso Fresca bumped the cheese quesadilla up a notch. The outdoor dining is great as well and there's a small lot in the back. This makes for a good weekend spot after a trip to either the Water Tower Playground or one on Germantown.
The drink list looked great. I'll have to try a few the next time i come.This place is top notch! El Poquito in Chestnut Hill has some of the best food in the city of Philadelphia, with a menu to please both vegetarians and omnivores. Their staff has been friendly, inviting and attentive during each of my five visits. The indoor seating area is fun, laid back, yet romantic. Sit outdoors to enjoy fresh air in one of Philly's most attractive neighborhoods. I highly recommend El Poquito for virtually any occasion!First time coming here. Have been to the previous establishment Chestnut Hill 7, we were sad to see it close, but this place has a very young feel to it. Seems like a great hang out place with friends. Have not tried the food yet but love the atmosphere. Giving 4 out of 5 stars because they only have one cider to drink, and it's canned. A big downer for me since I don't drink beer, and I am very selective about my cocktail drinks. Would love to see them add strongbow or Stella cidrè, two very popular and gluten free ciders. Staff was very friendly and welcoming.Went here for a celebratory dinner with my family.  The food was really good and the ambiance was relaxing and very open and airy.  The service was weird and really disappointing.
Service
We got there at 5pm on a Saturday. We were immediately asked if we had a reservation which we did not since we were just walking around Chestnut Hill and decided to check this place out. The hostesses (I think there were 3 of them at the booth) seemed really annoyed, like we should have had a reservation. 3/4 of the inside of the restaurant was empty.  There were maybe two other parties seated inside so I'm not really sure why it mattered that we didn't have a reservation.  We were seated and a waiter came over to our table. He was sweating a lot and seemed really pissed off. Throughout the evening we had a hard time getting him to clear the empty dishes off of our table and ordering more drinks. He just didn't really seem to care and was not excited when we asked questions about the food. So, I was a waitress and I get it. It's hot and you're in Chestnut Hill so your probably dealing with wealthy assholes. BUT, if I'm gonna pay $15 for 3 very tiny tacos I want good freakin service and I want someone who it at least going to pretend to be interested in me as a customer and the food they are serving.  Also, it was not busy and there were lots of staff members. Obviously, we still tipped him generously and I hope he was just having an off night. 
Food
The food was really good. We had a habanero-cashew salsa which blew me away! We got steak, cod, bahn mi, and korean bbq tacos and they were all seriously delicious.  I wasn't a huge fan of the quedo fundido (may have spelled that wrong) which was melted cheese and fried onions, but the rest of my party was really into it. The guacamole was also delicious and very fresh. 
My favorite tacos were the cod. They were breaded cod with apple slaw and spicy mayo. Soooo delicious!!!
I will definitely be back for those tacos and that awesome salsa and hope that the staff are having better days when I return.Actually surprised this doesn't have higher reviews. I don't like "Mexican" food that much but I love this place. It's definitely more of a fusion type of of food place but I think their food is delicious! My favorites are the Korean bbq tacos and the street corn :)Worst customer service ever. Literally just left the restaurant. Credit card was out immediately after getting the check. 30 minutes later, no one came to check in. Went to the hostess to close out but got no apology but attitude. Restaurant wasnt even busy at all..My husband and I visited El Poquito for the first time this afternoon. Several of our friends had highly recommended it. We started with the guacamole and chips they were absolutely delicious. The chips were great by themselves and the guacamole was outstanding. I ordered the brussel sprouts tacos and they were absolutely amazing. My only critique was that they were small and I wanted more lol. The service was good and our water was quickly refilled as we drank it. My husband ordered the carnitas tacos they are a favorite of his at another local Mexican restaurant, he definitely liked them but found the meat  a little tough and not something he would order again, though he did say they had good flavor. We each had a drink they were ok but definitely not worth the $10 each  that they were.
I will definitely be returning soon, I won't be able to go too long without more brussel sprouts tacos! Yum!My husband went here after my parents recommended it. We liked the atmosphere right off the bat, it is modern and has nice low lighting. We sat down at the bar to wait for a table to open up, I noticed they had a margarita special. I ordered the $6 margarita and the bartender said,"Would you like a blood orange one instead?" I figured that the orange margarita was on special too, after all, I ordered "the special" he did not tell me that the flavored were $2 more. I felt that was a weird "upsell". about 10 minutes later a man walked in and sat down and the same bartender explained the special, and said "for $2 more you can get a flavored one!" I was annoyed I didn't get the same explanation. Once seated, a very chipper waiter came over and said as he rushed on by, "I am just gonna bring out some guacamole and chips for the table ok?" we said, "oh, ok, sure!" I was surprised at the offer of seemingly free guacamole, so I opened the menu....$9 for some guac and chips. Again, an "upsell" leaving me with a very unpleasant feeling. I stopped the waiter and asked to change the guac to just chips and green salsa ($4 for each salsa, and it is about 2 tablespoons of the stuff). The food itself was very good, fish tacos for me and braised beef enchiladas for my husband. The portions quite small, and nothing else on the plate but the entree, it just wasn't enough to feel like it was all worth it. I like nice restaurants, I do not mind paying for good food in the least,  but I didn't feel happy with the experience. I would say I will not be back, and although I thought the food was good, I would warn future visitors to be careful of the upsells.I went with a couple friends on a Sunday evening and it was lovely, we sat outside on the patio.  We had to leave for a show at 630pm and the servers were very attentive and made sure we were done on time.  The food was delicious and is great for sharing!  I got the short rib enchiladas with a mole sauce and it was rich and flavorfulEl Poquito is a new Mexican restaurant in Chestnut Hill which previously had no Mexican restaurants.  It is good that they don't have nearby competition because this cantina is most definitely on the average plateau.  The positives are that it looks good and that it has a large outdoor eating area. The minuses are that I found the bar service not very pleasant (and usually it is very easy to please me as you can see from all my reviews.)  The tacos were okay - nothing to write home about.  I had both the ground beef and the chorizo varieties being specially served at the bar that day..  Hot sauce which you have to ask for helped a bit as the food here was very, very mild. In a city with several superior Mexican dining options, I doubt if I head back to El Poquito any time soon.Food was fine and drinks were good but the service was incredibly slow and inattentive. It took us almost two hours to get through our meal and basic things like getting a beer from the bar took about 15 minutes. I want to like this place so much given their location and the outdoor seating but I think I need a break for a while.Delicious food, nice decor, great service. Plantains were crispy and delicious. The enchiladas de costillas (short rib) were delicious as well. Great depth of flavor to everything. Very nice place.This was my third time at el poquito. I have found the tacos and guac to be overpriced. This time I went for their special of scallops and zucchini fritters. It was awesome. Love their spicy margs too. We were insanely bummed at the service. When asked if we wanted another drink we said no but our glassware wasn't cleared. Then we felt pushed out the door - we signed our checks and the waitress came running for them. She even took the pen out of my boyfriend's hand! Maybe they have had problems with people lingering in the outdoor section or something? Definitely won't come here again even though it has a great ambiance and good (albeit overpriced) food.Had pollos tacos and queso fundido, both awesome. Service was slow at first, but once my friend talked to the hostess everything happened super fast. 
Would eat again, 8/10I really wanted to love El Poquito, but it fell short on a recent brunch visit. The atmosphere is great, very clean and airy.  The lighting inside (and the ceiling) are really cool.  And I can see how the patio will be a huge draw (a little too hot for our tastes, unfortunately). Service was fine, not much to say about it. The brunch menu is *extremely* limited, only 5 items! I know you can order off the lunch menu, too, but the choices were pretty limited for straight up brunch food. 
I had the Americano, which I felt kind of bad for ordering given it's a Mexican (or Tex-Mex) restaurant, but the "poblano-potato hash" and salsa verde made me think it would have some flair. Unfortunately, there wasn't a hint of salsa OR poblano on the plate!  My poached eggs were almost overcooked, too. The saving grace was the bacon, which was YUMMY. The mimosa was just so-so and there was a lot of pulp at the bottom when it was finished. 
A friend had the burrito and seemed happy with it. She took half home (it's huge!). Another friend had the huevos rancheros, which looked good but not as fresh as some I've had. His eggs (fried) were also overcooked, solid yolks. 
All in all, I'd go back to sit on the patio and try some tacos, but will be skipping it as a brunch destination.I love the atmosphere of the resteraunt, good date night spot. The food wasn't the best i had for mexican, seemed more like mex-american so wouldnt say authentic. I gotten the bean enchiladas, the sauce on top was wayyy too salty after i removed that was really good. Their drinks are really good too..i had the spicy watermelon margairita, great combo! Can't say I'll be back for dinner..didnt fix my mexican craving at all maybe drinks and appitizer to enjoy the atmosphereWith our 12 years of gastronomic experience in manhattan and brooklyn this place is definitely worth the best of praise!This place was pretty good. Really nice atmosphere on the patio, and the food was tasty. We had the nachos to start, and I ordered the enchiladas verdes for my meal - my fiancé ordered the chicken taco special. All were delicious. 
Just a few reasons why I didn't give it 5 starts:
The waitress forgot my (nonalcoholic) drink. I waited for quite for a while after my fiancé had gotten his drink from the bar (that someone else brought him).
They don't serve the standard chips and salsa here, which I've come to expect from any Mexican restaurant.
The enchiladas and tacos don't come with any side dishes, like rice or beans. I wouldn't have minded paying extra for it, but I didn't know that the food would come out without it. A little disappointing to just get two lone enchiladas on my plate. They were delicious though!I used to wonder why some people hated restaurants that I loved, and now I understand it. Lots of people love this place. I've been there twice and both times I found it mediocre at best. The margaritas were bleh, you have to pay for salsa and chips, and the tacos were. . .well, let's just say, mine are better and I'm not Mexican. Also, you get few options. You can't mix and match tacos, so if you happen to choose one that's not so great, you're stuck with two or three more not-so-great tacos. Won't be going back.Food very tasty.  Good service.  I give an xtra star for having Dos Equis Amber on tap.  The negatives:  1st Mexican place I've been too that does not give chips and salsa as a complimentary appetizer.  Small portions: prices aren't too too bad, but when I eat Mexican, I usually wobble out when done.This is as bad as it gets service sucks food isn't good enough for a dog I love food This wasn't food..The food was delicious (a little overpriced for what you get) and the atmosphere is fun and really cute, but I was extremely unhappy with our service. Our waiter was great in the beginning but we had a really awkward, uncomfortable experience towards the end. When we were done paying, he brought the check over with a disgusted look on his face and asked with an attitude, "Um - was there a PROBLEM with anything?" My party was very confused, wondering if we made a mistake with the math. When we tried to ask what the issue was, he ignored us and walked away. We re-did our math and everything was accurate, so we assume he thought we did not tip him enough (we tipped 15%). We waited for a while to see if he would come back so we could talk to him and see if there were any other issues, but instead he complained about us (in front of us) to his coworkers and then went in the back. In my opinion, that is just extremely unprofessional. It made my party feel extremely uncomfortable and confused. It's a shame because the food was delicious but if their staff is going to act that unprofessional towards people who were nothing but nice to them, then it's not a place I want to be.Positives: Great atmosphere, especially the outside seating. Really great margaritas and guac! I would go back, but only for outdoor happy hour. They have started a taco Tuesday special which helps with my below complaints. 
Negatives: unfortunately this place falls short for me, the reality is you can get really tasty way cheaper Mexican food all over the place and El Poquito is just over priced for what the food actually is. They charge for chips and salsa. The drinks are very expensive for what you get. The tacos are mediocre at best and the menu seems fairly limited. They would do well to have better specials.
Disclaimer: I am totally not opposed to paying extra $$$ for great food, this just isn't it.I visited this restaurant twice. The first time my overall experience was great which made me eager to come back a second time. Well my second visit did not end as pleasant as the first. Some coworkers and I went after work for Happy Hour. The food and drinks are good and the prices are very reasonable. However, although the the restaurant was not too crowded we still had to find ourselves calling and searching for the waitress more than we should. I found myself calling Anne more than I should have. So the bill comes and we pay and left the tip but Anne decided that the tip wasn't enough and she deserved more so she came over and said just that. We were speechless and in my opinion tips are earned and not asked for. As a customer you should be able to leave what you feel the waiter or waitress work for. But we just actually gave her more money (thinking maybe she is really desperate or in need of money). We left with no intentions on returning.We have rarely encountered service with such a laissez faire attitude.  No one, from the hostess to our servers, greeted us, looked us in the eye, or otherwise gave any indication that we were anything more than a means to an end:  a paycheck.  As service professionals of more than 50 years, we were appalled and saddened by our experience at this restaurant.  The food was decent, but lackluster.  I would love to see the management/owners invest in much-needed service training for their entire staff.On a nice hot day, we Decided to stop in for lunch.  Outdoor seating is very nice but food is terrible.  I would say the shrimp ceviche was tasty.  My chicken burrito was just nasty. The rice was super salty. It seems like they soaked the rice in the ocean or something.  Little hole in the wall el limon serves better Mexican food than this.  If you're going to operate such a beautiful place, at least put more effort in making good food.  The tacos huevos was dry.  Absolutely terrible.Service blows at this place. Hopefully management reads these reviews but I doubt they do because so many of them say service was an issue. I've been here twice, once for dinner and once for drinks. Atmosphere/decor/outdoor seating is nice but it doesn't matter because it's overshadowed by such lousy and slow service. It's such a shame.... who the heck wants to wait 30+ minutes for food.Was here Friday night.  I live about 5 minutes away so it's pretty convient. Usually the drinks are OK, the general manager makes a mean vodka gimlet.  Ordered the usual and it wasn't bad.  Issue I have is with the bartender. I'm sitting at the bar so I can see everything.  She has scratched her arm,  rubbed her eyes, smoothed her hair,  finger inside a glass all without washing her hands.  Usually I don't pay much attention to the bartender,  however tonight it was right in front of me.  I will be back,  but will not order from her.In all fairness, we only stopped for a snack and not for dinner at El Poquito. 
We ordered the following:
-Margarita 
-Sangria 
-Chips with Gauc 
All were reasonably priced, tasty, and the atmosphere was good sitting outside on the patio. Perusing the menu though, I was struck by the price of tacos which were upwards of 5each. I've mentioned in other reviews that I think Chestnut Hill has a special charge at their restaurants 'for existing' and here is no different. Plenty of local Taco options for much more reasonable prices.
Noticed they have a solid looking happy hour, so perhaps we will stop back to check it out in the future.My fiancé and I went for lunch on Saturday and were seated on the patio. I got the Korean Short rib tacos (3 for $10) and he got the chicken tacos (3 for $11). Everything tasted really good but I just felt taken advantage of... for the price the tacos were kind of small. I wanted more and felt unfulfilled. They don't even offer complimentary chips and salsa...boo. I don't plan to go back unless they offer larger tacos or more tacos for the prices they are charging or they lower their prices.Three stars for outdoor atmosphere and drinks. Food is mediocre at best. Go to sit outside under the lights and trees, have the habanero margarita and habanero-cashew salsa (if you like spice things like me). Skip the rest of the food. Service is ok.This place was fantastic. Food and drinks were amazing. Service was great and ambiance fantastic. My only complaint (which is a compliment hidden as a complaint) is that there was no "combo" options for the tacos. I guess if we were in a bigger group, there would have been an opportunity to share, but my small family wanted nothing to do with that. Seriously, all of the tacos looked so amazing, I felt actual sadness that I had to pick just one. My only real complaint was the noise. We were toward the back and the way the ceiling curved I think it created a tunnel and was acoustically, terrible. We will definitely be back and definitely in the summer because the outside area looked awesome. PS - Great kids menu.so, have been back a couple of times and have to change my rating from 5 to 3.  i agree with the other reviews that the "value proposition" is off.  the food isn't good enough to compete with the small plate folks (Amada and Tinto) and the portions are not large enough to compete with Cantina Feliz or Uncle Julio's.  Either give folks chips at sit down and rice and beans on the plate or lower your prices...Looking forward to experiencing the patio. Tacos were an American/ Mexican treat. Margs are in par with my taste, and the setting  is "picturesk". Will be back.  Happy hour is worth the trip.We came here with the intention to have dinner.  Immediately greeted with hostesses who were less than happy to have their jobs.  The air conditioning situation was horrible and since it was almost 100 degrees out the place was hot.  The staff was sweating yet looked frustrated as patrons complained about the heat.  The rest of our party arrived and we say to eat dinner.  The food was okay, nothing great but our waitress was attentive and not frustrated.  We enjoyed ourselves.  This place is a bit overpriced for a Mexican restaurant and the quality if the food but it was okay.  I might return but would not recommend add a nice place to go.First, the restaurant itself is clean, modern, and impeccably designed. The food is stellar and the margaritas were amazing. Definitely has become a new favorite of my fiancée and I. It's within 10 minutes from our house so we will definitely be frequent customers.Great atmosphere and service. The food was delicious but four stars because it was severely overpriced. The only appetizer fit for a group were the nachos (which were delicious) and the tacos were available in 3 or 4 pieces ranging from 14-20 dollars for four. The tacos were great but small and did not come with any sides so if you're pretty hungry it's not really enough food. I never mind paying a pretty penny for dinner if it's satisfying but this wasn't quite there. Some complimentary chips and salsa or sides with the tacos would make all the difference. Despite the price I will definitely go back and would recommend it to anyone.Let me get to the point. The bar at the El Poquito is disgusting. I sat near the area where bartenders make mixed drinks. And I saw something very disturbing.  First, a garbage can is standing next to the ice chest. Second, all sorts of liquid gets drop into the ice chest while and after bartender makes a drink. I wish I could capture it with a camera. Third, both male and female bartenders worked that night used glass to scoop ice and served a customer with the same glass. Typically, bartenders use an ice scooper, but not these two. I wonder if how they pass the health inspection based on what I observed. The food might be good, but I would not dare to drink anything from the bar unless they are in cans or bottles.The curry cauliflower tacos are _amazing_. Seriously, there's two tacos I crave at all times: El Poquito's curry cauliflower, and the Korean sauteed mushroom taco from Soo Bak food truck in Albuquerque. Veggie tacos are often kind of disappointing and limited, but El Poquito does it right. (The Brussels sprouts are also good, but I like the cauliflower so much they get ignored). 
Happy hour drinks are surprisingly potent and tasty. I had some sort of pink margarita and felt it. 
My only disappointment is that Happy Hour ends at 6:30 - hard for us work in Center City! Definitely aim to come during Happy Hour/Taco Tuesday specials. El Poquito isn't overly expensive for Chestnut Hill, but it's a little pricy so the specials help.Pure basura! Legit THEE most unseasoned tacos I've ever had. Drinks were tasteless as well. Service was just as awful. Our server took 20 mins to take our order and was very inattentive the whole time. As a person who has previously worked in the restaurant industry I really tried to be considerate and empathetic BUT...yeah. Nah. I will not be returning.This is our current favorite dinner spot. Delicious, house-made, strong, real margaritas--expensive but good. I like the blood orange margarita. Creative street tacos. Amazing fajitas for two. Great guacamole. Good nachos. The plantains are great. Everything is tasty. Cute, current decor and amazing patio. The servers are friendly and attentive. You may need a reservation at busier times. We usually go on Friday evenings, but there are great happy hour deals Monday through Thursday.
I've seen some negative reviews on here, want to respond with my experience. We came once when it was extra, extra busy--with everyone arriving at the same time. We had poor service that night, but complained and haven't seen that server lately.  That was once. We eat here at least twice a month and service is always good. Every place has an off night. 
Also, it used to feel cold inside in the winter, but that has improved. We came on some frigid evenings recently and felt warm inside.Not very good. Really, even the easy stuff (guacamole, pico de gallo) was not good. I make better at home. I am a bit forgiving of new places, as there are sometimes growing pains or else it would be one star. I may try them again for lunch as I'd like them to succeed. I think they need to simplify. Just make good, simple, Mexican food. It's not that hard.I don't usually Yelp but this was one of the worst places a ever ate in Philadelphia, empanada was burn, no flavor, tacos they don't give you salsa, you have to ask for salsa and this has no spice at all, margaritas are small and no flavor ! 
A total disappointment !!!First time here and we loved this restaurant and our waiter was so personable and efficient.  Creative street tacos were deelish - fresh large guacamole portion and shrimp po boy taco was awesome.  Cod taco also excellent.  We'll be back!Tacos and the house margarita, that's all I need to say. You're missing out if you haven't been here already. Wonderful staff, even better food and ambience. 10/10 recommend for a casual dinner or date night.I come here often because of the location and atmosphere, and the food is decent but not great.  Really nice patio for outdoor seating, so it's the only place I go in Chestnut Hill if it's nice enough to be outside.  I love the La Casa drink special!  It's a Tecate and shot of Tequila with a great chaser that tastes like some sort of Mexican bloody mary.  The margaritas, guac, and habanero cashew salsa are great too.  The taco Tuesday special is decent, but I just wish that the tacos came close to the deliciousness of El Limon in Conshy.Food feels overpriced for tasting just okay to good, but taco Tuesday is just fine! Drinks are great--wonderful bartenders to get you something on the rocks. BUT, vibe all around is awesome, patio is wonderful when it's available (which is a longer season than most I think), and everyone is nice and accommodating. Service can be spotty, whatevs. Great regular local spot.Food is good, outdoor seating is awesome! Brussel sprout tacos and Pacificos on a Friday night, perfect anniversary date.The hostess had an attitude. We felt like we were inconveniencing her. She only used body language to seat us. Quite weird. She did say goodbye when we left. 
Food was good. Did not blow us away. There is a gourmet Taco place in Kingston, NY that is similar, but much better in every way. Although, we did like the short rib taco and the brussel sprout taco.
Kingston's a long drive, so I guess this will be our local taco spot. 
The weekly specials look like good savings. We will be back to try the daily specials during the week.Came here late on a Friday night for a friends birthday dinner and place was bustling! 
We all got a variety of tacos. The Korean tacos were a tad too spicy and didn't have that sweet tangy taste. The baja tacos were great, the cod had a great crunch and the avacado and cabbage slaw complimented it well.
Overall, the food was average. The service was extremely slow. After we ordered our drinks heh didn't come back for at least half an hour!! And the food took about half an hour to come out as well!! Definitely plan for a long meal if you're coming here!!We were here for a Saturday night dinner Dec 30th, with another couple. Made reservations online. When we arrived we mentioned we preferred to sit in the bar area, online reservations don't offer the option to select. The hostess stated there were no available tables, we saw at least five. They were several in the back. It had snowed all day and it appeared not very busy. We felt she could have made a little effort to accommodate us, we felt she was a tad rude.
The decor is fun rustic and where we sat was very nice. Our waiter was satisfactory. Twice we had to ask the young man cleaning tables to get the waiter to order more drinks.
The food was wonderful. Most of us had the BBQ pork tacos, red onion slaw, delicious! Not too sweet. The guaq was perfect, very creamy. Our margaritas were very small, ice filled, very expensive. For a table of four our bill was 250. Not including tip. Three of us had three margaritas each, they were the specials. They were $11 each. Remember they are small. The one guest had a few drafts. So the poor rating is a reflection of the hostess being short with us and the overpriced, very small margaritas.Very disappointed.  This is very far from Mexican food that I've seen in a long time.  The salsas were bland even one with Habaneros.   We tried all four salsas.  No flavor, at all.  The Korean BBQ tacos had no flavor and the Carne Asada, the steak was good. The Espietes corn was not charred as described and tasted canned except for the toppings.  I was looking for something that resembled Mexican food.   We won't be back.The atmosphere is so nice to have in Chestnut Hi. Guacamole and margaritas are on point. Love taking friends and family to El Poquito. However, it is a little overpriced.So I am back to five.  The guacamole and chicken enchiladas are just too good...  The crispy Baja tacos are some of the best around...Came here for the Harry Potter festival with a couple of friends. This restaurant obviously participated in the festival. Although they did not go all out on decorating, I appreciated the waitresses making an effort to keep the theme going in their outfits. 
Anywho, we got the guacamole, atun (tuna ceviche), carnitas tacos (it came with 3), plantanos, and lots of margaritas! Everything was delicious! They had a special menu for the festival and my friends got their specialty drinks- they were unique and yummy! 
We had the option of sitting outside located on the side of the restaurant which was adorably decorated with lights. If the weather permits, you must sit outside! I would definitely come back to try some other things on the menu. By the end of our meal, we were too stuffed to eating anything more.3 stars is for the ambiance only!!! Food was way over priced!!! Food was sooo mediocore nothing special, 6 tacos and a somethingbowl and 2 drinks $80!!! The outdoor seating is so cute and at night so pretty and laid back. I saw they have a happy hour there prob wouldnt go b/c the drinks i ordered a simple red sangria tasted like juice! Could not taste the alcohol what so ever. Atleast some vino notes but nada.The food was good, and the service was good, but it's nothing special. It's overpriced for sure. It's nicely decorated. I did enjoy my meal. Nothing special. But good enough.My party and I had to wait between 10-15 minutes after being seated to be seen by anyone. The hostess was very rude. Our waitress was wonderful; the hostess should take notes on customer service from her.The fish tacos and tuna cerviche were amazing!!!! Our server was lovely and really helpful and the interior design was the nicest incarnation of that space I've seen. The only drawback- and it's an important one- the drinks were really pricey and really terrible. My husband and I ordered two different margaritas/cocktails and they were both really bad- and really expensive for their tiny size and disappointing flavor. I'd go back for the food and order beer/wine next time.I have been to El Poquito a couple times. It's hit or miss. The margaritas really aren't strong at all and who likes straight lime juice? Yuck. Ask for less lime juice and extra tequila and it's a good margarita. The nachos with chicken were VERY good. I have had some good tacos and some not so good. The grilled cod tacos were terrible. At least last night. The Asian short rib tacos were very sweet. Great atmosphere. Some of the staff is nice others are not. .... like I said 3 stars, very much hit or miss.As others have said recently, I want to like this place. It is nice inside and the outside patio is a relaxing spot. The food, as others have said is a little overpriced and not memorable, but I admit their brunch menu is solid. The issue with this place is the staff! We live close by and only have had 1-2 encounters with nice staff, and they all left by mid-2016 if I recall correctly. The staff here are surly and often close the kitchen early and give an attitude. 
For example, they had a special after 9PM for tacos. My husband and I arrive at 9:05, sit down at a table only to be told the special is at the bar. OK fine, we go to sit at the bar and are told at 9:06 that the kitchen is closed and receive an attitude from the bartender. The hostess even seemed surprised the kitchen was closed. This has happened to us multiple times. Do not have a 'late night' special if you close the kitchen early. 
Another example is they wouldn't accept a coupon from the Chestnut Hill Association that expires 9/30/17 by saying "that is expired, that's from last year" and giving a really nasty attitude. Needless to say, we left. 
We finally decided we will no longer go back. It's a shame because we rang in 2016 here and had a great time at their New Years Eve party, but ever since they've let us down again and again.Such a shame. Beautiful building inside and out. Unfortunately the food doesn't match the ambiance. This is sub-par Mexican food at best. The guacamole did not taste fresh and was watered down- and for $14- a ridiculous waste of money. The chicken "bowl" was flavorless and dry- and then spread over a huge mound of mushy white rice. The tacos were just okay with minimal flavor. Overall the food is bland and could easily be prepared better at home. Save your money and consider going elsewhere.I really like the ambiance and the food. appetizers are great, food is authentic. services was good and when I left my credit card they still had it the next day. Looking forward to see how their outside service will fare in the spring
i withheld a start for their nickel/diming approach, chips/salsa and many other things are additional $ where as in similar restaurants they are includedWe had a truly delicious and delightful dinner tonight. The pulpo ceviche was astounding and the Brussels sprouts tacos were even better then the banh mi ones. One of the best margaritas I've had. We really loved the atmosphere too. It was comfortable and casual, but still felt like a "night out" if you know what I mean. The only complaint, and it's a minor one, more of a piece of advice then a complaint, SLOW DOWN! We wanted to sit and savor our rare childless evening, but the entrees came out while we were still enjoying the amazing empanadas and ceviche.  Our waiter was excellent but it wouldn't have been a problem if he was just a tad slower. Check before you fire the next course. Like I said, an astounding dinner, but it would've been perfect if we had a chance to rally relish things.I'm struggling with this review because I have been here multiple times and I'm just very very disappointed in this last time I came. 
So I want to start off by saying I've been here easily 4 times before. I discovered it one day with my mother and have brought a friend to it and he in turn loved it so much he has brought people to this establishment. It's actually become our special place. 
So when he decided to take me for a birthday dinner it was almost a no brained to go to this place. I can't really say that the food is out of this world or that the drinks are crazy good but the vibe is right. A nice warm night, sit outside under the lights. It's a lovely aesthetic. 
This particular night was the first warm night we have had in months. So everyone was out. Including us for my birthday dinner. There was a wait but the host said that they would text us when it was time for us to be seated. Maybe it was a 20 min wait. Not bad at all. We go and we are seated and then we wait....and another family of 5 and seated and we wait....and then another couple is seated and we wait. Then I notice after easily 20 mins of waiting while seated that the group seated right before us, and the two groups seated AFTER us have been at least greeted with drinks and even the family of 5 with guac and chips. (How sway?)
Now I totally understand that it was a busy night. But don't waiters have sections? Who was our waiter? So finally it gets ridiculous and we waive down a woman (presumably the manager because she wasn't in the uniform) and ask her for our waiter because literally everyone around us has been tended to. 
She comes over and to her credit after apologizing and giving us the "new staff" excuse, she asks if we want drinks (but we are ready to order cuz....) so we order our drinks in our food. TO HER CREDIT: the drinks and food come out fairly quickly! She comes back after we have been done for about 15 mins and she asks if we are all done and if we want dessert. Absolutely not. It took too long for everything else. So we are like we are good. We would like the extra guac and chips packaged up. She comes with a bag and containers with the food and we are set. 
NOW normal people would also have a check with this stuff. She says have a great night and leaves. We think we will get the check. This was around 8.....8:15 comes. We are chillin but waiting for the check. Finally 8:30 comes up and my friend is like yo I'm gonna go to the bar and see what's going on because at this point most of the patrons have gone and the waitstaff is nowhere to be found outside. He goes inside asks for her (cuz honestly she must have taken a break) and she comes back, no apology. Smiles and puts down the check. 
The lesson we learned that day was to never come on a warm night at peak dinner time. I don't know what the deal was but we had ok food for a lot of money and a lot of waiting. Not going to lie i tipped horribly because I didn't even want to tip. When you tip its to say hey, I know you waiters are poor and you really did do a great job at helping feed me. But since 0 waiters came to us, we had to flag down a person and then SHE forgot about us at then end....
This is not a place I want to really do dinner at again. There are too many amazing places in philly to waste my time and money (and birthday) at a place that hardly acknowledged us.
I gave it 3 starts for the previous good memories had here.I had been here about two times before and honestly was not a fan. But, it was a gorgeous day out so we opted to take another try and sit outside this time. Even though it seemed to be relatively busy on a Sunday late afternoon we were seated outside immediately. The beers were good, the guacamole and chips were great! We each ordered tacos- chorizo and Korean BBQ. We enjoyed both so much. The only suggestion I have is to maybe have two tortillas instead of one. All 6 tacos fell apart immediately. But that's very minor- we still ate anything that fell out. Overall my mind totally changed and I will definitely be back and recommend this to friends!We had a great time here this week.   I do not understand other reviewers complaints about portion size.   We ordered a basket of chips,  guacamole, and the roja salsa.  We barely made a dent in this, so it would be enough for 4 people. Be warned, the roja is very spicy-too spicy for me.   And everything needed salt.  Also, the salsa and guacamole are served very cold and I think these should be at room temp for the best flavor.  The chicken tortilla soup was excellent, but a bit too spicy for me.  It's embarrassing to be such a chile wimp.  The carnitos tacos were fabulous, tender but also with the right amount of chewy-ness.  Hubby had the chicken tacos,  also moist and flavorful. We liked that the order of three were not double tortillas as it makes for a lighter dish with the right ratio of tortilla to filling.  I could only eat two,  but Hub downed all three of his.  Lots of tequilas to choose from.   We sat inside at a half-booth and were comfortable.  The ceiling is stunning, be sure to take a look.  Friendly and attentive service.  We will be back next time we are in Chestnut Hill.I love this place! I was here a few times throughout the summer and was pleasantly surprised at how good the restaurant was. My favorites were the Ban Mi Tacos (sounded really weird at first to put Vietnamese food and Mexican food together... But such a great idea!) and the frozen margaritas. Also love the ambience of the place. We sat outside during the summer and it felt like we were in Spain with all the lights in the alleyway. Very fun! My only gripe is that the food is a bit overpriced for what it is.We have been here twice. Both times too busy to get a seat so we sat at the bar.  Even sitting in front of 2-3 servers the service was painfully slow.  No one approached us for 5 mins of us sitting down.  Then we got our beers pretty quickly.  Then took another 30 mins to place our order.  No water was offered or brought.  Our chips and dip came out in a timely manner, but it took an hour for two taco orders to come out.  When they came out one was appealing (the Koren BBQ) while mine (the tuna) was merely over cooked tuna with three pieces of cucumber, 5 edamame beans, and one hunk of avocado.  That's it. No sauce. Nothing.  It was dry and disgusting.  The Korean bbq was pretty tasty.  I then requested another beer- the bar tender looked at me, nodded his head, grabbed my beer bottle and then walked away.  He the proceeded to continue to mix about 40 more drinks and never came back to us.  I had to finally ask the second bar tender for the beer which she brought promptly.   The attitude of the first bar tender was awful - didn't even make eye contact or ask us how the food was... He was awful.  The margaritas are pure mix and salt.  The food is far too expensive for the product, and the service is awful.  Never going back. 
Honestly, I've had better food and better service at a Mad Mex.Servers are not friendly. They act like the place is packed And they're running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Literally there's like six people here. I asked the waitress if she could clean my table and she was visibly bothered by that. I just stopped by for a drink after work. Nice location Outdoor area.I think that the best part of this restaurant is the outdoor patio! Its great for food and drinks, night or day. I come here for the mushroom fajitas because they actually use MORE than one or two mushrooms in the taco which is hard to find! Drinks are good here too.  And if you are here with family, they can accomodate you and the kids and grandma. Sometimes service can get a little slow though so plan for that with the kiddos!Went for dinner during the work week today with my husband. I got pork tacos and he got chicken. Both were tasty. I ordered plantains as well. We didn't order drinks although there were several Happy Hour specials. Wish there were specials for food too (wink wink, nudge nudge). Would definitely go back! Maybe on a Tuesday for a taco Tuesday deal.So glad to finally have excellent Mexican in Chestnut Hill.   We went during the soft opening phase.  I am vegan, and my husband is not.  We both had a lot to choose from on the menu.   The pico de gallo and guacomole are both made fresh.  I had tofu tacos, which were amazing.  My husband had fish tacos and thought they were perfectly spiced.  I ordered a salad as well, and the combination of all of these was way too much food.   Their margaritas are lovely.  (I tried the sangria and was not a fan).   All in all, an excellent start.We ate last night at El Poquito.  Although we really wanted to like it, we won't be back.  
PROS:  Great service, cool decor.  The service was excellent and quite timely.  We were in the side room, and the noise level was fine, not too loud.
CONS:  Our main problem was the price charged for the quantity of food served.  Our $11 nachos were a pretty small portion.  For $14, my husband got two very small enchiladas, nothing on the side at all.  My chicken tacos were luke warm, and were only so-so.  I am all for small portions, but please charge accordingly!  And at these high prices for quantity served, please provide free chips and salsa!!I just had a great lunch. Grilled Cod tacos. We all loved our food. Service was good, courteous, but a little slow. I love the place itself. The outdoor area especially. I hope they stick. This location turns over every year two.Soooo such high hopes for spending Cinco here. 
Our service was terrible.. and guess what it's not packed ... half the tables are empty so why such terrible service. Our waters were not refilled once, each order of margaritas was messed up & we waited for 20 minutes before we were even acknowledge.  
Ordered three things - our empanadas were terrible.. veggie ones in a gross dry crust. We split 1 between 4 people to try.. no one wanted ANY of the second.. we wanted to share our disappointment with our server but that would have required him coming back to our table. 
Taking this tequila party else where.Just went to El Poquito, we enjoyed the atmosphere, decor and food! We had the Korean & Carnitas tacos with an order of the guacamole. Everything was very tasty!
The Margarita was just ok and for $9, it should be amazing! My only other concern is why, the  guacamole has to be $10 for a small bowl! 
Other than that it was a nice dinner!Good food but still lousy service.  They do not have enough  bartenders or wait staff.Been here twice and both times the service, food , drink and all around ambiance was wonderful! Shrimp po boys , brussel sprout tacos (who would have guessed!) and swordfish fajitas were fantastic...as well as the ceviches!  
The only minor complaint is the acoustics. When you are sitting at a small table of four and you can hardly hear the waitress talking because of music and people talking...it makes it uncomfortable to converse with friends.Neighborhood gem.  So glad we have IP in CH.  The fundido was very good - some of the best I have had.  The crispy cod tacos as well as the carnitas tacos were also excellent.  I prefer my margaritas a little sweeter but that didn't stop me from having three of them.  We ended the meal with the churros.  Who doesn't like fried dough?We have always enjoyed El Poquito but decided to give brunch a try. We are so glad we did! I got the breakfast burrito and my wife got huevos rancheros (with over easy eggs) and a side of poblano hash. She said multiple times, this is honestly the best breakfast I've ever had! They also have really tasty bloody Marys. We'll be back for brunch. Way to go El Poquito!  Also Sugene was our waitress and she was great too!Yum! Great Mexican cuisine with plenty of delicious options in terms of everything from apps to dessert. Drinks are also amazing, too! Don't miss out on this place! Enjoy!Good food--especially the guacamole, and the pork tacos. The house margarita is terrific! Regretfully, the service is very slow and frustrating. We've been over four times and the service is getting progressively worse.Such a wonderful atmosphere and great service. Amazing guacamole! Absolutely love love the Brussels sprout tacos. I would never think to order them over other types but I would never order anything but these Brussel sprout tacos.I had lunch here with my boyfriend a few weeks ago, and it was great. The server was super friendly, and we didn't really have to wait long for anything once we were seated. The margaritas are super strong, although a bit pricey for the size (kind of small). I had the chicken burrito, which was delicious, and he had the fish tacos, which were also very tasty. My only complaint is pretty much what everyone else has been saying...chips and salsa should be automatically given to you when you sit down and order. I'll definitely be going back to try some of the other stuff on the menu. It all sounded good.For those of you who remember Solaris, this place is its true heir. A neighborhood gem with a relaxed vibe. The decor is gorgeous, but the food is the star. Every dish has contrasting flavors and textures giving them richness and complexity. The addition of street tacos with plays on bahn mi, Korean BBQ and eggplant tempura brings variety that gives options for everyone. The chips and salsas are fantastic too--the habañero cashew is an incredible riff on a romesco. The list of tequilas and mezcals is impressive. If you're on the Hill, do yourself a favor and stop in for a bite or even just a drink. You won't regret it.This place is extraordinary overpriced, with unprofessional, and downright snotty wait staff. Their food is paltry and the menu design showed ignorance for the way they listed items. Waitstaff are pretentious & I will tell everyone I know not to go there.
We dined at El Poquito a few weeks ago because we were having a concert in the area. I asked for recommendations from Main Liners and so we went with it and had dinner. Although we had made reservations for 9pm we finished early and arrived at the place at 815pm. We almost were not accommodated since it seemed every table was occupied until the hostess returned and led us to a two top table. It was very noisy and a bit dark but I liked the environment as it was a little rustic. 
This restaurant is labeled as a Mexican restaurant with bar. The menu looked intriguing and delicious so we decided to start with one of the salsas listed. We assumed that all the salsas were tomato based so we chose the French Onion thinking it was just more onion-based only to find out it was LIKE a FRENCH ONION DIP. It was overwhelmingly disappointing especially since we were expecting a salsa. We told our waiter, Andy, about our shock, and he started telling us that salsas are all different, really talking down to us as though we were not educated about Mexican food and salsa. HELLO, I am Mexican and salsas are traditionally salsa based. 
We then were told that we could chose from the green or red salsa since, AS OUR WAITER, told us, were the traditional salsas, thinking they are like every table salsa. Um. We ordered the red salsa and it was SUPER hot. We ordered it with chips and it was basically inedible. In Mexico, that salsa would be used as a condiment to add to tacos, not with chips. We basically wasted 4.00 on salsa that we did not eat. I noticed TODAY that the particular salsa is not being offered. Hmm I wonder why.
We ordered from the bar- a blood orange margarita. It was very pleasant and fresh. When I went to order a traditional one, I asked our waiter to hold the ice a bit because i preferred that. He then retorted that I was still getting the SAME amount of liquor and mix EVEN without any ice. WHO TELLS A PATRON that??? Did he think I was trying to trick someone to give me more alcohol by limiting my ice. Seriously. It was so unprofessional and patronizing. My husband and I were very irritated by the service.
Entree time. We both ordered tacos. Mine were the Veracruz with grilled cod. I like the presentation and the fish was delicious with all the toppings. My husband got the Carne Asada Tacos with barely ONE strip of meat. For $15 these tacos were basically like SMALL PLATES or TAPAS. I guess if we were paying for the presentation and ambience, the 3 tacos were not $15 worth of tacos. This is expensive Mexican food for idiots who do not know better. 
GO to El Limon for a truly traditional Mexican fare. Mexican food is simply not the same as in Texas or even Mexico itself.
The only redeeming food item we truly enjoyed was the side of fried plantains. If we had not ordered that we would have still been hungry. There is not indication that sides are required for any dish and even for the pricier items like the enchiladas and fajitas, the portions were still atrociously small.I'm not sure why there are so many mixed reviews. I went here last night with my BFF and LOVED it. We sat at the bar and they do have a decent happy hour until 6:30pm. 
The bartender was fantastic, friendly and very well connected to the Philly restaurant scene. He made some good suggestions of places to check out. Super helpful for this suburban girl. 
We started with the guac. It was good, wish it had a little more kick to it, but delicious. We split the carnita's rice bowl and brussel sprouts tacos. I'm still thinking about those tacos. They were so good. I only wish there were more. The rice bowl was a large portion, definitely worth the money. 
I liked the ambiance, it's a little hipster. And they were playing awesome 80's music all night. 
I seriously might be going back on Saturday for those tacos.Food was delicious. Service slow. The aggravation is with the menu. A number of good taco options but it is all or none. Having to get three of the same with the options is irritating. Table behind us actually mentioned that you have to come with a group and order all different. Also tried to get chicken added to an enchilada and it was our of question.Pleasantly surprised, a restaurant that has lasting potential in location that nothing seems to make it.  The patio is great!  cute decor & beautiful flowers make the ambiance.  Is it the best Mexican in this city? ....No but it is far from the worst.  Definitely better than distrito (which is very overrated & I believe one of the owners came from) Some of our dishes & drinks shared were really good.  The eggplant tacos were unique & a tasty fav.  We will definitely be back.  
Some helpful tips:  The service could improve as it was a tad disorganized.  Our special 'ritas were yummy but the Sangria was horrible!  Looked pretty but a bad glass of bitter undrinkable wine topped with a sprinkle of fruit nothing was marinating to give this a refreshing fruity flavor.
We were thrilled it was nice out as the indoor seating is cool but stark could use some fun bright colored Mexican art (especially needing cheerful come the winter months)  also the evening we went it smelled horrible of bleach.We have eaten in and done take out a couple of times and El Poquito does not disappoint. 
There are options for eaters of all kinds, however, the refried beans are made with lard, so vegetarians, you've been warned.
I've had the fish and carnitas tacos, both were really good and come 3 to an order, which is a decent sized portion. My wife has had the roasted mushroom tacos al carbon with the refried beans substituted with black beans (see above) and its more than enough to share. My little guy has enjoyed the chicken quesadilla from the kids menu. We've tried starters and side of different kinds and all are good. Its a short menu but it seems like they have what they need to have on there.
I haven't had any cocktails...dadlife, but they seem legit and they offer a full bar where one could imbibe. 
The decor is cool and laid back and the outdoor seating is nice for warmer weather.
This is on our shortlist of "lets not cook" places to go to.Pleasant outdoor seating. Tasty food, well presented.  Gracious server.  Delicious decadent desserts.  Good for families.Great addition to Chestnut Hill, which has long needed an upscale Mexican option. Pleased with the space and food was good. However, I must say that you don't get a lot of value for your money. For example, chips and cashew habanero salsa was terrific, but the portion was too small for the price. Margarita was delicious as well, but extremely tiny and thus way, way overpriced at $9. I'm happy to pay a lot for a great meal, but I want value for my money.Never have had a bad meal here, and always leave satisfied.
I love the tacos, my boyfriend loves the enchiladas (swears they are the best he's had). Great tequila selection, and best of all - everything on the menu is Gluten Free. As someone who struggles with Celiac, this is a lovely little place and one I've frequented a lot.
Also to note - we did their New Year's Eve celebration last year: so much fun! Low key, good food and drinks, great atmosphere... such a great find for two people who wanted to get out for the evening but didn't feel like a club or a rowdy bar scene. We'll be back if you host it again!!Great vegetarian options. We had the nachos, cauliflower tacos and acorn squash. Really nice portions. The waitress, Dee, was super accommodating and very knowledgeable about the menu. If I lived in the area I would definitely frequent this place.On my second trip, I was very disappointed. Beans and rice with a tinge of sweetness? Enchiladas verdes with a a tinge of sweetness?  Mole sauce, si. Plaintains si. But beans and rice? Ay, carambas. Stick to the tacos and you'll probably be all right. For some reason, according to my dining partners, the sweet tooth stops there. It's hard to be authentic Mexican in Philly. I thought Poquito might be an exception, but I'm afraid not!Came here for an early dinner for the first time and absolutely loved it. Margaritas were great and strong and the food was very good. Service was great with an attentive waiter! Will def return.Is there less than 1 star?  Being ignored by the wait staff and sitting for more than 30 mins. As they glanced at us & walked by!!
Never againThis place has had some mixed reviews about service and quality of food. Decided to check it out and was not disappointed! The service was great from hostess to bar to wait staff. Great food and flavor and and overall awesome dining experience!Tequila flights and a good menu, even though they took off the quest fundido!?! Great interior and one of the few outdoor patios (with heaters!). Had a fun dinner with Alex being super friendly.Nice outdoor meal until the mice started scurrying under our feet and by the table. The staff's indifferent response a cause for concern!
The food is decent. Drinks overpriced. Would only come here again to sit indoors and for drinks/appetizers at the indoor bar.This place is in the location Solaris used to be. An excellent space with both indoor and outdoor seating. The outdoor seating is lovely, it's in a courtyard to the side of the building, so you're away from the busy street. I used to go to Solaris a lot, and I was excited to FINALLY see another Mexican restaurant at this location, and decided to try it. This restaurant lived up to every expectation I had and even surpassed them. I have been here twice now and both times were an enjoyable experience. The food and the signature cocktails are delicious, the service is excellent, and the environment is relaxing and enjoyable.Fantastic food and atmosphere. Had the mushroom rice bowl and it was insanely delicious. Great variety and vegetarian friendly.Love this place!! The ceviche is amazing!! We had the camarones ceviche and then some tacos. Loved the tacos too!
Atmosphere, service, and food were all great!Here are some words to describle El Poquito: cute, spacious, yummy, twinkly.
This place is pretty darn big on the inside and the outside, it has a great bar, and the food was right on point.
I got some chips and guac, and the guac was perfect. I can only handle a little bit of cilantro, and I was happy when the guac was perfectly balanced.
The corn on the cob? RIDICULOUS! Take a look at the pictures. It's so good.
The rice bowl was huge. The carnitas were crispy and full of flavor.
I could totally sit on the deck of this place and eat myself to fullness and drink myself to drunkenness.We stopped in just for a drink and it was kinda bitter sweet. It was easily 90+ degrees outside and of course we would go in when the A/C system was being fixed. They did have floor/window units so it wasn't super hot, but just not as cool as you'd like it on a heatwave day. Anywho, I had the Verdita and my friend had the Margaritas. I must say that Verdita drink was everything. It's made with reposado, pineapple, mint, cilantro and jalapeño. This drink was perfection, the sweet+spice made up for the lack of air. This is definitely going on my list of Chestnut Hill drink spots!Used to be great. I don't see it lasting much longer.  Employees there are very rude- especially the girls who hostess and the bartenders. Quality of food and beverage has declined.  Super small margaritas and if you say light on the ice, they just fill your glass 3/4 of the way full and then point that out to you when delivered. Don't waste your time or money,  so many other great places in Chestnut Hill.If you have ANY dietary restrictions stay FAR AWAY from this place. The waiter said that certain ingredients could be easily left off my order (he even remarked the the restaurant makes a point of accommodating these needs) BUT the kitchen ignored the order and put things in my tacos that make me sick. Unfortunately, since the place is ridiculously dark I didn't realize what  I was eating 
until I was halfway through.
The very kind waiter was extremely apologetic but no one from management even bothered to walk over to the table. The people who run this place don't care about customers. There are so many wonderful Mexican places in this city (that take a customers health issues more seriously). My advice is AVOID this one.Not a fan of this place. It looks nice, but the food is mediocre to poor, and overpriced. Definitely not authentic mexican. The food is more similar to what was served at Chichi's before that chain went bankrupt. It's reminiscent of another chain restaurant "On The Border" a tex-mex place with horrendous food. But, even they may be doing some things better than El  Poquito, I am sure the food there is at least hot when served. I ordered what should have been sizzling hot chicken fajitas, and they came out luke-warm. They skimp on the wraps...And our waitress was wholly unattentive the entire night, too busy talking to her friends. You had ONE job, waitress. All this for three times the price of the local chain. Perhaps, they feel they can price gauge because this is "Chestnut hill," but come on, at least ensure that the food and service is good. My advice, save your money, avoid the headache, and go to Chipotle...at least the food there is hot.Unfortunate and disappointing - while I want to support local businesses - I will not patronize this restaurant again.
7:15 reservation - seated 7:33pm
No apology, no explanation
Sat 10 additional minutes without water or any contact 
Had to ask the host if we had a server
Disinterested server
Decided to make order to go - got order an hour later 
Check dropped off by someone who said they could not take my credit card -  never picked up - I had to get up to find the server to pay.
No check-ins by the server, had to ask the host to package my guacamole.
Manager unhelpful - said it was a bad night - 
my last