I LOVE THIS PLACE. I come here all the time. The margaritas are the best and the food is delicious. Come here for happy hour and fish tacos are a buck a piece. Love the atmosphere, love the service. I always come back. They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait a little while to get a table during popular dinner times.I love El Rey! The mango margaritas are amazing. The food is fresh and delicious. The decor is quirky and fun. I have tried the enchiladas and ceviche. Service is always pleasant. My only complaint is that it is overpriced for the quantity served.The best thing I got here was the corn on the cob. It was DELICIOUS. The best corn on the cob I've had was in NYC but this definitely was close. I tried the one at El Vez, that trash was trash! 
Drink wise, I got both the red and white sangria which were okay. Nothing to write home about. 
My friend got an appetizer that was pretty much fried cheese in lots of oil and you are suppose to place it on a tortilla and eat it. NO thanks!
I went with the chips and salsa because I've been craving it. It was a disappointment. The salsa was all wrong. No uhmph. 
More people came to join my party and they ordered the guacamole..again nothing special. I think the El Vez 'mole is actually better.
So the main meal- I got the taco spread (comes with most of the meat found in the individual taco orders).   We replaced the pork with halibut ($2 extra or so).  It was decent. A meal for 2. I was def full.
The individual tacos are small. 
Other members got the enchiladas and I think they were very happy with it.
The waitstaff- very pleasant and attentive.
Overall, not a place I would go back to to (except to get that tasty ass corn on the cob). I wouldn't dissuade any from going there either but I think they are better options around.I'll most likely re-write this review once I'm able to explore the actual menu outside their happy hour, but then again, you really can't beat this happy hour so why would I want to do that?
Dollar tacos are obviously going to keep me coming back here.  Pair that with a $4 classic margarita or a $5 specialty margarita and you're set.  Plus there's $2 and $3 snacks like chicken enchiladas and tostadas.
You get what you pay for.  The tacos are MINI (I ordered 5 and was still hungry), but the fillings and fresh corn tortillas are still tasty.  Skip the "steak" taco (it's not steak at all, it's more like braised short rib or some type of beef chuck roast) and opt for all fish tacos since they're delicious and served with a crunchy slaw on top.  Hell, order 10 fish tacos and for $10 you've pretty much got yourself a meal.  Chicken tacos are okay.  There's also cheese and veggie options.
The margaritas are BANGIN'.  Super strong but still super tasty- mixed perfectly.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I got the classic.  Friends got the special one that night which was chipotle/pineapple. Super fresh and with just the right aftertaste of spice.
We still ordered the guacamole cause we're at an authentic taqueria.  What, am I NOT gonna order guac?  Anyway, that was super tasty as well- the right balance of chunky and smooth.  Maybe a little bit bland for my liking, but that huge woven basket of fresh, warm, salty, homemade tortilla chips makes it all worthwhile.
It reminds me of a cheaper El Vez and cute like Oscars or another dive bar on the inside with low lighting and 70's kitsch everywhere you look.
Will definitely be back here again.Dinner was over priced. I got the calamares, which was in a sauce that tasted like liquid salt and smelled like a fish market. I threw up this morning, I think it may have something to do with dinner.I LOVED this place.  My entire party enjoyed their meals, and the guava margarita was delicious.  The guac is expensive at $10, but all the other entrees were pretty reasonably priced. I'd definitely go again!El Rey has become one of my favorite restaurants in Center City for several reasons.  As a generally picky customer when it comes to food, atmosphere, price, and portion-size, I'm happy to say that El Rey hits all of my personal preferences perfectly.
First, the location is fantastic.  It's right off Rittenhouse Square easily accessible from most Center City offices, public transportation, and hotels making working dinners or dates very easy.  The decor is quite obviously Starr-esque in that it's contrived, but obviously so, but it creates a very casual, current vibe that is welcome.  I've never felt out of place wearing shorts and a t-shirt here or coming right after work in a tie.
Second, the food is fresh and good.  The portions are pitch-perfect in that they do not leave you feeling overly full but sated, though I would suggest indulging in the nachos prior to the entree if you are particularly hungry as the tacos (quite good!) are somewhat limited in their size, and even the enchiladas (also quite good with shredded chicken or beef!) won't lay heavily in your gut.
Finally, the prices are obscenely reasonable for a Center City restaurant of this style.  I've never had a dinner (including a glass or two of wine with a friend, two entrees, and an order of the nachos or chips and salsa) exceeding $50 (including 20%+ gratuity!)  The staff is always attentive, friendly (but not in a fake sense), and the place is always busy (but not in an obnoxious way.)
If you are looking for something new along Chestnut (somewhat off the beaten path for those of us living in Center City!), definitely give El Rey a chance.  I'd be surprised if you were disappointed.My first thought, although this place had been hyped to me, was "meh." We came here for dinner on a Sunday night and service was very slow. Luckily we didn't have anywhere else to go so we were patient, but slightly frustrated. The food was also meh, although the chips and salsa were delicious, and overall I'd just say it was your standard Mexican place -- go here if you want generally appealing food in a central location in the city. Their movie poster decor was pretty awesome, though.I guess what it comes down to is what you are looking for in a restaurant with a reputation like El Rey.  El Rey's reputation, however, is intimately tied to El Vez's reputation since they are both Stephen Starr restaurants.  But I do not think that that's fair, because they are two totally incomparable restaurants besides two things:  they're both Stephen Starr restaurants and they're serving Mexican food that appeals to us non-Mexicans. 
El Rey is an establishment that screams "LOVE ME FOR WHO I AM".  You know?  So, to me, that makes it more approachable...makes the menu more approachable =).  So I ordered what I would usually order on a lovely ladies night - margaritas.  Actually, make that (2) mango margaritas =) And the other ladies had sangrias.  Ok ok, I did question El Rey's margaritas: were they as good as El Vez's frozen orange margaritas?  Well, first off, the mango margaritas weren't frozen...but the taste of El Vez's frozen orange margaritas were better...but that was the ONLY item on El Vez's menu that I liked that night.  Ok, see how incomparable El Rey and El Vez STILL are in my mind?  Oy vey, I'm getting frustrated...
Anywho, what else...oh yeah, the chips and salsa and the carnitas tacos that I had were amaaazzinggg.  Ahh, I would totally come back and get excited all over again.  
Ok, bottom line: give El Rey a break - look at it for what it truly is, which shouldn't be just El Vez's shadow.A fantastic Steven Starr restaurant, probably the best Mexican food in Phila. Everything tastes great, staff is always super nice, convenient location.Only if I didn't know the plates were going to be small, I would have ordered more. Otherwise this place was pretty good. Short rib sopes A+.
very loud and packed but service was efficient and effective. 
I would like to come back and try more of the menu. Also thank the lord that Tecate is on the menu.
Its weird going here since the interior is most of the original Midtown but with extra stuff on the walls. 
Will be back again.I came here for the lunch special yesterday. You have the option of one appetizer and one entree for 10 dollars. I got the queso frito and enchiladas. Both were very good, and the portion was just the amount. However, I was not a huge fan of the salsa served with the free chips. The green salsa had a weird sourness to it, while the other sauce was basically just hot sauce poured into a bowl.Such a great find! The food was delicious, server was knowledgeable and had good recommendations. Ambience was retro and fun!Glad I finally dined here! Amazingly fresh and tasty Mexican food. Friendly staff. Great Margs. I had chicken tacos and a black bean enchilada.  Very tasty and presented perfectly. 
I need to return very soon to explore more of the wonderful menu.I had the short rib enchilada and it was sooooo good! Also the blackberry Cabernet margarita was really good too! (I think that's what we got but can't really remember but it was something kind of like that). Anyways, give this place a try! Nice atmosphere and decorations alsoGreat margaritas. Huge nachos platter which is one layer so every nacho gets topping. Epic. Short rib enchiladas are great. Tasted like brisket in an enchilada. Food comes out quickly after ordering too.Two different occasions both with large parties and El Rey did not fail.  I've been here a handful of times and I have always been impressed with the spot on service.
I always get the Cazuela which comes with small tortillas to put the perfectly seared medium rare steak into.  I've sampled most the dishes there and their flavors are well established in each dish. 
Their salsa is more on the Pico de Gallo side which always goes in seconds. 
I warn you now but their hot sauce is pure violence and somewhat perfection.  Made on site and a small amount goes a long way.  
The margaritas pack a nice punch and I believe are made the traditional way with just tequila, triple sec shaken, lime and then shaken and poured over ice.  My only comment is they are somewhat heavy handed on the triple sec but the flavor always seems to mellow out once the ice melts.
Happy hour may be one of the best deals in town.  Ends at 6:30pm and it includes $4 margs and $1 tacos and $2-3 dollar small apps.  Obviously since the food is priced under the $5 range they are small and the meat in the tacos is somewhat on the light side, but at that price point there really is no complaint to be made.I had a lovely solo dining experience at El Rey on a scorching hot Wednesday Night.  My servers Justin and Isaiah were both terrific and very knowledgeable about food and the menu items.
Since I dined alone I had only one item from the menu (and I can't wait to return to try more).  I had the short rib torta and it was BIG (Huge, and messy - definitely NOT a date night food.), but more importantly it was Excellente!
The braised beef shortrib was tender, yet charred (they do this at the end for presentation) and tasted so flavorful and succulent with just the right amout of fat to taste great but not too fatty.
The sauce - made of guajillo (sp??) peppers and tomato, really tasted like tomato sauce to me - but what do I know?  The best part?  A FRESH - I mean uber-fresh - baked roll - almost like a mexican "fat" baquette with a crunchy crust and a white, airy inside.  (Yes, I know trop carbs, but who cares when the Bread is shipped in from Parc!!!)
They even re-did the back bar as a swanky faux speak-easy.
Yes, it's pricey - but I bet if you order the right things you can have a 4 star night easily at El Rey.
Oh - and even though the place is blaringly-loud - it's still less noisy than Distrito - but I gotta say - Distrito's food still ROCKS my world.
I shall return.  Next time with friends!The first impression that you get when you walk in is that not much was done to change the decor/atmosphere in the old Midtown diner. Deliberate move? Maybe. Does it work? You be the judge.
Food - Tapas dishes, although very interesting and unique, did not suit my tastes. Also, margaritas were not offered by the pitcher only by the glass.
Service - Unremarkable 
Decor - See above. Also, it appears that the plates / silverware may also be holdovers from the old Midtown.
Go back? - Probably not for food, maybe for a drink.We went here during Cinco De Mayo and it was LIT. Amazing decor and their hot nachos right off the kitchen was one of the best. Didn't order a lot of food but you can eat their nachos all day long. Definitely visit during Mexican festivals!My boyfriend and I recently went here for a quick bite and we LOVED it! Service was great and the food was excellent.  We both got the carnitas tacos and agreed they may have been the best we've ever had. Would definitely recommend!I went back for happy hour, and was more than thrilled with what I found. For $1 tacos, and a $4 house margarita - I'll definitely be back more than once!! This might be my new go to happy hour in CC spot!The food was decent, but way over-priced.  The restaurant was super loud and we felt rushed the entire time.One of the best lunch specials in the city, all this for $9 (there is a pretty big lunch menu where you can pair a soup/salad with an entree that is just the right size)!! Loved my Huevos Rancheros, really flavorful and filling. Also, who knew cactus was a great salad addition? I never had it before but was curious, and it tasted kind of like fried peppers. So would definitely recommend the Nopales salad! I did not like the chips as they were small and dry, the green salsa was OK but the red one looked and tasted like ketchup. This place is a fun lunch spot!I came here with a pretty big group of friends for my birthday on a Tuesday night. They were accommodating of our large group, which is more than I can say for a lot of restaurants in Center City.
We got some guac and chips to start off with, and I also got their frozen margarita of the day, which was blueberry pomegranate. The margarita was excellent, and I would highly recommend getting one even though they're not cheap. The guac was good too, but nothing to write home about.
I ordered the chicken tacos as an entree with the esquites as a side. The chicken tacos were a-okay, but I did like the esquites. The tacos didn't have anything extraordinary about them, they were just... chicken and some vegetables in a tortilla. 
My friends had told the waitress it was my birthday, so she brought out some churros with a candle which was nice. However, the churros themselves were not very good...and then they charged us for them. If you're gonna bring out something that we don't choose for us, don't charge us for it! 
Overall, I was pretty meh about the experience in general. I think this would be an excellent happy hour place, since they have some pretty good deals and the margaritas are good, but I wasn't impressed by the dinner.Maybe it's just me - but does this restaurant look familiar?  Everything about this restaurants screams "Cantina"!  Maybe it's because I am from South Philly that I was hesistant as soon as I arrived.  
The menu at least had more options than Cantina and the prices were great.  Service was friendly and drinks were well made.  My issue came with dinner.  Our server recommened the Cazula.  Normally skirt steak is a lean cut but my dish was so chewy and gristly I had to say something.
The server was sweet and brought me another.  Unfortunatley it was just as bad as the first.
I don't plan on coming again (I'll stick with Cantina).Worst experience in a Mexican restaurant I have ever had. Waitress was horribly rude.What is the deal with this city and the lack of bottomless brunch options? We ended up at El Rey, figuring that margarita pitchers are the next best thing. And wouldn't you know our luck!? It happened to be National Tequila Day, which meant $5 blood orange margaritas and the mix and match deal all day long. 
The blood orange margarita was on point. A little spice on the rim balanced out the sweetness of the drink. We started with a ceviche and I was in HEAVEN. I can't wait to come back for another round. Portabello Tacos were wonderful as were the black bean enchiladas. 
I don't know what took me so long to get here but I will be back for certain.I was really excited to check out El Rey for a friendly Sunday night dinner given all of the hype on Yelp. I was in as soon as I walked in- the kitschy decor, hipster waiters and lively atmosphere are totally my thing. We happened to make it in for their mix-and-match taco/enchilada night, so I went for it. Sea bass taco? Check. Short rib enchilada? Check. 
When the waitress brought my meal to me, I had no idea what I was looking at. Gone were the average sized portions of my youth- what I got was pretty small considering I had basically starved myself all day looking forward to this meal. While both items were good, that's all they were. I suppose I expected some sort of "ooh!" moment that left me wanting. Maybe I'll try this place again. Maybe not.Diner speed with gourmet quality!  My favorite here is the zucchini quesadilla.  You wouldn't think zucchini would have so much flavor, but here it does!  Salsa is fresh, service is fast!
Just recently I had a vampiro drink which is sort of like a bloody mary but with tequila!   Strange flavor at first, but after a few sips, I LOVED it!
I will definitely back.  Thanks to Jason C. for introducing me to this awesome place to grab a quick but delish bite!Decided we wanted good Mexican food and decided to check out El Ray. We had great service and the food was terrific. I asked the server to point out some items I have to try without leaving the restaurant. She pointed out a few things and we both went with the recommendations. Drinks, service and food were on point. We will be back.Edible and safe
Not particularly great
Overpriced food bits
I've tried the Camarones (shrimp with garlic, lime) and Chile en Nogada (stuffed pepper with beef, almonds, dried fruit, walnut sauce). 
Both were just okay.
Both were also overpriced.
Classic Stephen Starr.I'm a fan of their margs and nachos. They have a pretty good food menu! I just didn't like how they don't take reservations- happy hour time they're pretty packed. Over all I love this place, yummy Mexican food.This is a great spot if you're looking for sangria pitchers or a sweet happy hour! 
They make a pretty great chunky salsa and pastor quesadillas!excellent food, excellent service, and a $10 lunch menu with the perfect amount of food (and a limitless chip/salsa ration for the gluttons among us). superb experience.The frozen pineapple margaritas and the guacamole were the standouts for me at El Rey. Both the Chicken and Zucchini Blossoms & Corn Quesadillas were a little dry.  The Queso Fundido was (as ridiculous as it sounds) too cheesy - next time, I would cut it with mushrooms.  I would pick Starr's El Vez over his El Rey.The food is decent here, the prices are okay here. Nothing really to write home about really. The enchiladas are good, the tacos are okay.
For a Stephen Starr place, this is a very unassuming space. It's almost like a 70's or '80's Mexican diner. It's not a terrible place to go, but there are other places in the city I prefer.Happy hour is amazing... I'm a Mexican food lover and their tacos are viciously delicious esp the fish one. The tacos are relatively small, like bite size for $1. So to fill me up, I bought $20 worth of tacos.... And that's the kind of money I don't mind spending bc IT IS THAT DELICIOUS!!! lol oh btw... As for the happy hour drinks, only 1 drink per customer.Don't eat here if you're from Texas and know what a taqueria is.. The menu was filled with "northern" twists to Mexican food like mint salsa or "smokey tequila" I ended up with a $15 margartita I couldn't drink bc it was so bad and it was one of the top shelf Rita's. 
The waitress was really friendly and explained what all the "weird" new Mexican dishes were.I liked this restaurant from the moment I saw on the street. The vibe when you walk in is great (although it's a little dark in there). It's definitely a younger crowd place. The margs selection is awesome; the spicy jalapeño one rocks. The menu is different than most Mexican restaurants which is refreshing and fast service. 10/10 recommend this placeYou know, the more times I come here for happy hour, the more I love it. For $15, I had 5 tacos and 2 classic margaritas and everything was delicious. Service at the bar was lightning fast and the bartenders were excellent. Everyone working was a professional. 
Granted, I'm not sure I would be as effusive with my praise had I paid full price, but for happy hour: an easy 4 stars.Ok, 
It's V-day and I was on a date with my friend's Kenneth Cole boot. 
So i wanted to make a quick trip to came back before he got back from his date and i decided to go to El Rey. 
In my opinion, all the chain restaurants are overated so i wasn't plan to set my foot into El Rey since it replaced MidTown.
1st of all, i quite like the low key decor. It didn't change much from the MidTown place. The bar is still there and the seats are still there but with better lighting. 
2nd, the food is GREAT. By saying GREAT, i mean affordable and good quality. I have a shrimp and white fish ceviche, which was great but don't expect the raw shrimp but because it lightly cooked.
Thier ribs enchiladas was ok. It was not excellent or traditional Mexican but there was nothing to complain about. I was enjoy it. 
3rd, the bartender earned the last star i gave EL Rey. He looks DISTURBINGLY handsome :D 
I don't know if he works any other day besides Monday but pass by and take to look if you don't trust me.
His service was fast, freindly and his voice was too sexy for me to handle. 
Defibitely coming back, esp on Monday night!!!El Rey is my favorite happy hour in Philly! $1.00 tacos can not be beat. There are four types of tacos to choose from: Veggie, Steak, Chicken, Cheese. The tacos are small enough that you can get all four varieties. I generally stick to the steak and cheese tacos. The corn tortillas are thin and soft and do not have an over powering flavor. Please ask for the habanero sauce (Its dynamite spicy but so good) get a margarita and you are off to the races. I have come out for dinner a couple of times but ever since I found out about the happy hour there's really no point to dinner. The service is top notch, all the bartenders, hostesses and waitresses are full of life and friendly. I highly recommend this placeHappy hour one dollar tacos.  A bit on the smaller size, but nonetheless a tasty bite and a good deal.  I love me some lime so I was ecstatic when they brought a slice out with the tacos so I could control exactly how much lime I wanted. Appreciated the cilantro on the tacos as well.
Had the calamares.  I'm normally very into seafood, so I thought I'd try this out but I wasn't crazy impressed.  The sauce was too salty and overpowering for my taste; it felt like the squid was an aftertaste to the sauce.
Wish I could have tried the salsa and guacamole (I'm obsessed with avocado) but the tacos ended up filling me up more than I thought.  Definitely will try them at some point (while grabbing a few more tacos) and update my review.  Hopefully they'll push my rating more towards a 4 rather than a 3.
Liked the interior, especially the unique lights they had hanging from the ceiling.  Should take a look up there and all around the restaurant while you're waiting for your food.  (Christmas lights threw me off a bit though).  
Friendly staff, asking if we needed anything and how everything tasted.  Willing to sing happy birthday to the adorable little boy at the neighboring tableReally love the sangria and margaritas at this little spot.  While this may be a Starr restaurant, it does not feel pretentious like some of his others.  Really tasty bites too if you can get a table.El Rey is delicious, and not too expensive.  Some of the items are better than others, but there is plenty that is tasty.  The items that I typically get are the tortilla soup and the short rib enchiladas;  they are always good and  delicious.  It is only 16 dollars for both the soup and the enchiladas, and more than enough food.  They once had duck confit enchiladas as a special...I am hoping it gets put on the menu for good.   The chicken tacos are just ok, and I would stay away from the roasted corn with cojita cheese and chipotle (it is too rich).  As for drinks, the margaritas are great, especially the guava margaritas.  Definitely will be going back.Went here with friends on a Saturday night. The wait wasn't too bad, maybe 40mins, no reservations made. The ambiance was really nice. The restaurant is small and narrow so it was a little tight. I ordered the pork tacos.. They were super small, you get three, so if your hungry maybe get two orders. They were very good and flavorful. My friend order the chicken quesadillas.. They had no flavor. We also ordered the corn on the cob which was delicious! The margaritas were also really good! Overall, an ok place but nowhere I would rush back to.With a 4-star showdown between my Philly phavorites Felicia D, Michelle C and Monica S ... I was shocked by the 3-star average on this über-hip Mex joint off Rittenhouse Square.
Formica countertops, wood paneling and all the other good stuff that makes up an old school side-of-the-road dinner is juxtaposed with a tasty, relatively authentic menu of Mexican eats available almost anytime (before midnight, that is). Full of twenty-somethings and hipsters, this is true Rittenhouse cool. The margaritas are solidly balanced and the eats are hands down delicious. The chips & guacamole is secretly pricey ($14??) but generally decent plate of food from the entree menu, won't run you much more than ten bucks. I noticed a pretty sweet 2-course lunch deal for $9.99 that I'd check out when I'm back in town. I can completely get behind the pollo verde enchilada that had me swooning, despite a late night lack of appetite. 
Sure, it's a little pretentious and gimmicky, but you've gotta appreciate the flair. And if you don't, then at least give a nod to the queso.Food -- Good
Price - RIP OFF!!!
Salsa they serve is weird. 
Everything is a la carte so they totally rob you for a normal mexican meal.
GO FOR - happy hour for drinks and chepa tacos. NOTHING more.
All in All- TOO EXPENSIVE for the FOOD and AMBIENCEThough I haven't been to them all, I'd say this is one of the worse Starr Restaurants I've been to. While their margaritas aren't bad, the food is very forgettable. With a name like Starr, I feel like it should do a better job with the food. 
I came for a business lunch a while ago and did the $10 lunch special, which is a great deal, but should still have quality. Everything I got was not full of flavor like you expect from Mexican food. 
El Vez is definitely the better of the two, but there are even better Mexican places in this city.This place is a waste of time/money. The food is just average even though they try so hard to make it seem like it's a new and improved version of Mexican food.
The service was bad and lacked any sort of emotion. Apathetic-waiter man came over and kept exactly the same facial expression and tone of voice for the entire encounter.
The salsa was mostly red pepper chili water and had no other taste at all. The food was also a dumbed down bland version of real mexican food.
This place is running a business on the reputation of a famous owner who has probably never set foot in this place except to see what kind of bs decor his money bought him. 
The worst thing about this place- they play like they're authentic mexican food. SO far from the truth. El Rey- I don't see you guys lasting. Might be wise to just pack up now. 
Totally unimpressed with this place.
Any real mexican restaurant will outshine this place in every single way possible any day of the week. Don't believe me? Go eat at El Azteca.Great food. The margarita was very strong and worth the money. I did not expect to pay so much money but it was worth it.I am so glad I found this place. Great Mexican food and drinks. :)Mexican faux-hole-in-the-wall with more of a 'border bar' feel and a focus on street food offerings than its counterpart, El Vez, also a Mexican-inspired joint in the Stephen Starr restaurant family. 
Disclaimer: this review is only for El Rey's happy hour (5-6:30 p.m., Mondays through Fridays), but this was such a great find that it needs to be shared. 
Happy hour offers discounted beers, $4 margaritas, and the best part: $1 mini-tacos available with chicken, steak. cheese, vegetables (which are constantly changing), and fish - all on house-made corn tortillas and with juicy, flavorful fillings. I was a big fan of the chicken and fish tacos. They are mini-sized indeed but they are absolutely a steal for a dollar each. 
It was a lively happy hour but not a long wait for a seat at the bar (you can get happy hour at the tables as well). The servers were all incredibly nice and the food came out promptly. I doubt that the regular menu can compare with the value of the happy hour menu, but I was very pleased with my visit and want to return soon.Being from Austin, one of the things I miss the most here is quality Mexican food. Thank god for El Rey, this place is amazing. From the fresh margaritas to the amazing guac to my personal favorite- the trio of tamales, this place delivers. Vicky consistently goes above and beyond to make sure you have a good experience. Excellent food + amazing staff = one of my favorites.On a Saturday evening when you don't want to cook and have no idea where to go, head on out to El Rey.  That's exactly what happened to me.  When most other places are more expensive than I want them to be, I was very happy to remember to try out El Rey... so glad I did!  It's not your ordinary Mexican food, but it is definitely delicious.  I tried the signature stuffed poblano pepper and my boyfriend had the special rabbit enchalada... we were both wowed by all the flavor each had! 
We started off with the queso fundido, which was a heart attack in cheese form, but also incredible (you can be unhealthy once in a while!)!  Also, the side of chayote (corn, pickled onion, lime vinaigrette) was perfect (disclaimer: the stuff on top of it is butter, not sour cream... we found that out the hard way).  Definitely give el rey a try when you want a good margarita and some awesome mexican food!  Apparently, they also have a $9.99 "fast lunch"; can't wait to give that a try!i like the decor, i like the drinks, i like the quick and attentive service, i like the halibut tacos, i like the short rib enchiladas, i like the margaritas, i like the pricing.
so, as the four stars indicate, "Yay!  I'm a fan."Can you say "happy hour"?! 
Man this place doesn't disappoint. Happy hour is every week day from 5-6:30 offering a variety of food and drink deals, most notably $4 margaritas, $2 beers, and $1 tacos. 
If you can snag a spot at the bar or a table this will definitely be a fun time. The food at HH isn't anything to rave about but gets the job done (i think the full priced tacos are way better then the happy hour versions). I wish the margs were a bit stronger too. I found them under poured which is a problem since margaritas are so sweet and acidic. Would be willing to pay a bit more for a well balanced drink. These small complaints didn't detract from the overall experience. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar for over an hour enjoying multiple drinks and food so we were pleased when our bill was only $30! 
Solid spot in center city for happy hour.Not fresh. Over priced. Dirty silverware. Over all bad experience. Had fish tacos which we nasty and stunk. They filled the glass with ice and put half a shot of tequila and called it a margarita. The place looks like a converted diner. My waitress was sloppy all around. Will not go back.Dear El Rey, 
I want to love you, I really do. You are so close and convenient. And so unpretentious! When you first took over the location of the old Midtown Diner, I barely even noticed you - then when I noticed your signage, I thought you were some sketchy taco place. Who knew you were a Starr restaurant, with your sneaky gold-marbled bar and diner decor?
The first time we met, you worked hard to impress me. Your salsa was spicy, your tortilla chips plentiful - although I wondered why Starr couldn't forgo the $3 and comp some tortilla chips, which seems pretty standard for a classier place. I ate skirt steak tacos, and they were delicious. By this time I knew you were a Starr place, and I was surprisingly pleased by their $9 cost. Throw in some Jarritos and horchata and I was looking forward to building an ongoing relationship. 
Since then, El Rey, our life together has been a series of minor disappointments. Nothing so egregious that it would cause me to leave you. Some of this comes down to my dislike of beans - I know, a dangerous trait to have in a Mexican restaurant. When I asked what came on the tostada, no mention of of beans - when my plate arrives, there are beans. So sad. Then this week, you put beans on my skirt steak tacos! Having ordered them 3 or 4 times now, I can tell you with authority that such a travesty has never occurred before. Finally, the "Los Moles" was a disappointment. The sauces were bland, nothing really seemed to click together. I overheard the staff and it sounded like someone may have been cooking who did not usually do so - but I'm not very tempted to order it again to find out if the regular staff does it better. 
That said, we have had some good times. Your esquites is incredible - buttery, a little spicy, absolutely delicious. Your service is always friendly and quick, and I've always been able to get a seat at the bar or a table without a wait. 
We're not perfect for each other, El Rey. You disappoint me more often than I'd like, and our good times are pretty mediocre. But you don't cost me much, and you're just so easy and convenient. Perhaps that's a terrible basis for a relationship, but it will have to do.Best Mexican I have been to in Center City. Their Happy Hour specials ($1 tacos and more) are also the best and if you like margaritas, it is your place too !We came here Saturday night and they had the shortest wait time of anything in the area. 
We split a pitcher of mango margaritas ($32 got you about 5 glasses) and a nacho appetizer. The nachos were placed on a tray in a pizza formation with everything spread evenly across the top which eliminates the issue most nachos have (all the toppings will be on the top nachos and none of the others, a common plight) I grabbed the chicken quesadilla with sour cream on the side and it was decent. 
A solid Mexican place in center city!Despite the fact that we missed happy hour, the tacos and the short rib enchiladas were tasty. BUT...
I do have two complaints....other yelpers had the same complaint.... 
1. No free chips and salsa?!?!
2. The tacos and enchilada entrees had no rice or even beans on the plate! 
This place may only be worth it if you go for happy hour... $1 tacos! :)Had dinner at El Rey with my parents and two good friends last night. We were STARVING when we arrived, started with chips & salsa (yummy! ate too much) and a pitcher of margaritas (also very good). The five of us ordered items from every part of the menu. I had the crab and avocado salad - very good, nice portion. My mom and BFF ordered nachos - there was a special nacho with butternut squash and apple (BFF) in addition to the typical chorizo (mom). Both were great and HUGE portions. Other friend had the duck tacos (small) and corn side dish, which he enjoyed but I thought was kind of meh. And dad had the chile rellenos, which he ALWAYS orders in Mexican restaurants. He said it was the best he'd ever had! Prices were reasonable, service was decent. All in all, great experience and we will be back!  Just don't fill up on chips & salsa...If only this place was BYO!  I went pretty late at night and their kitchen was open which was very cool.  The waiters and waitresses wear colorful plaid shirts which was cute and they were all very nice.  I didn't order any drinks but there is a counter leftover from the Midtown Diner that the restaurant used to be where you can order drinks and food from if you don't feel like sitting at one of the tables or booths.  Each wall has unusual stuff to look at and examine and each booth is named after a type of car, I believe, which was also interesting.  I had the Chorizo, steak and chicken tacos which were all really tasty.  The chips and salsa are good too.  The tortillas are very tasty and soft and there is fresh onions and cilantro on each taco.  The tacos are very flavorful albeit small.  They kept the general infrastructure of the old Midtown Diner but really did a crazy thorough job with decorating the place.  You don't have to talk to your fellow diners and just look around on the walls and booths.  I really like that this place is open late but I wish it was BYO!I am adding one star because the staff is extremely attentive and very polite, greeting you, holding the door, saying goodnight, those sorts of things have gone by the wayside, and I appreciate it. 
The food.  The queso is very good.  The entrees are average.  They are beautifully presented, but the flavor is just average.  Also, it's no frills.  Rice, beans, hell even chips & salsa are extra.
The last word.  I gave a high rating for attention to detail in service and presentation, but I much prefer a heaping helping of authentic Mexican food dumped before me.  If you like things that look pretty, or you're trying to impress your date, go here.  If you want to leave a fattened big on Mama Consuela's homemade goodness, go elsewhere.El Rey is the oft overlooked sister restaurant to El Vez. It has more of that gringo taqueria feel to it, but many of the recipes are the same.
This place is really good for Brunch and Happy Hour ($1 tacos!)
- Breakfast burrito
- Fish Tacos
- Huevos Rancheros (get it with chorizo)
- GuacamoleService was blah... I came here last night for dinner at 7 and the waitress was weird. The chicken quesadillas were dry and salty. I have no idea how they screwed up the quesadillas. The sangria was yummy and the churros was amazing.
I decreased my rating to 3 * bc of the service and bad entree.They claim that is authentic, but it has a good twist. Food is tasty, and decor and ambience is superb! The guacamole is ok, but different and it cost $10! They do not serve chips and salsa for free, and NONE in the staff is Mexican or speak Spanish. This is a restauranteur project and its decent, but do not expect family owned original recipes.Only one word comes to mind when I think of El Rey - Decent.  This is definitely not in the running to be one of Philadelphia's best Mexican restaurants.  It is going for the dive bar feel but it is not a dive bar.  This place is a perfect example of how dive bars have become "cool" and trendy.   It is a Stephen Starr restaurant after all.  
The food isn't bad but not spectacular by any stretch of the imagination.  The drinks are reasonable as well as the prices.  
This place survives for two reasons and two reasons only - lack of Mexican restaurants in Center City/the neighborhood and the owner.  His names supersedes him.  
Make a trip to Cantina Dos Segunods for a similar yet more fulfilling experience.One of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Philadelphia. No frills, just tasty. Prices are fine, a little high for Mexican, but totally within reason compared to other similar restaurants. 
Bonus: head to the back of the building for custom cocktails at the Ranstead Room.El Rey is just okay.... The food is lacking in flavor but the atmosphere and decor make up for it... Overall, I probably wouldn't come here again unless someone dragged me.I have only been here for their $1 taco happy hour, so I can only comment on that. 
El Rey feels like a pretty small place, and it definitely gets crowded during happy hour, so get there early. You can't beat their $1 tacos. Lately, their taco of the day has been something fishy like salmon or tuna, and those are always my favorites. The cheese and vegetable are also really good. The only downside is that the tacos are pretty small, so I usually have to order 6 to be anywhere close to full.
The $4 house margaritas are delicious and potent. Maybe it was because the drinks came before we started munching on our tacos, but 3 of those really knocked me out. Just remember that happy hour is only til 6:30, so make sure you get your orders in before then.I had walked by this place dozens of times and never ventured inside.  It was recommended by friends and I am very happy they did.  Cool decor and low lighting inside.  
Ambiance is very loud, but the meal was delicious.  I don't think anyone in the party was disappointed.  The fajita-type meal was very well prepared with such full bodied flavors.  There was definitely a lot of thought and flavor put into this mexican food unlike some places.  Drinks were good- I can vouch for the red sangria which was very well done, flavorful and fruity.  
I hear they have dollar tacos during happy hour and since I live less than a block away- I will have to take advantage of that.i LIKE this place but there is no real love.  It's on the pricey side for what you get, and while the happy hour specials are good - they arent good enough to keep me coming back consistently.  
the place gets noisey but the atmosphere is fun and inviting. 
i would eat here again if it was craving mexican and was in the area.Amazing Mexican food!! We all ate so so so much that we had to skip dinner!! Great hospitable service and amazing food!!I'll start with the negatives and end with the positives.  El Rey was a frustrating experience.  I've mentioned this before, and I'll mention again.  I'm from Texas and highly critical of my Mexican food.  El Rey does a disservice for Yankees.  Here's why:
1.  They are trying to look like a real Tex Mex place, but nothing is old, has a story behind it, or authentic.  
2.  You can't get pitchers of margaritas.
3.  My Negra Modelo did not come with a lime. Blasphemy.
4.  There is no salt on the table.  (This is just like totally inappropriate for an authentic Mexican place)
5.  Chips and salsa are not part of your meal.  You have to order that.
6.  The hostess is not assertive.  She's passive.  She's a hostess.  Make it happen.
7.  The "mexican" candles on the tables aren't Mexican at all.  They opted for the pop art post mod expensive ones instead.
8.  The napkins aren't cloth and the glasses aren't plastic.
The positives:
1.  Chicken Tinga is delicious and I'll probably go back for it.
2.  The prices are fair.
3.  The staff is friendly.
4.  I like the lighting.
5.  Good for sharing.
6.  There are booths.
I'll go back, and I should know better than to expect anything different.  I was just hoping that instead of making a parody of an authentic Mexican restaurant, he might actually do something out of his comfort cookie cutter zone.We live in Bucks County and came to Center City Phila to meet our relatives from NJ staying in a hotel. They've lost power after Hurricane Sandy.
We decided to have Mexican food for lunch. We checked Yelp for reviews. El Rey had great reviews and was only few blocks from their hotel. 
It wasn't that crowded on that Sunday afternoon. The beautiful hostess greeted us with a pleasing smile and got our table ready. Our waiter was very courteous and amazingly great in explaining the complex names on the menu. Most times I walk into a restaurant and feel just get the food and get out of there. But other times, feel like being relaxed, enjoy the ambiance, service, people... basically take it slow and be in the moment. Thats how I felt there. We weren't rushed to place our order. But whenever we raised our heads, the staff was there to respond us.
Here are few from our order: Alambre de Pollo with Refried Beans, Camarones, Sopa de Tortilla, Tostada and fish tacos.
The food was served relatively fast and absolutely great. The kids enjoyed it every bit of it. My son finished his tacos in no time. Though the portions were of decent size, all of us finished our servings with nothing left on the plate. The camarones shrimp was cooked to perfection. Very few places can handle fresh shrimp to this level of cooking. The Alambre de Pollo with Refried Beans was a pleasant surprise for me. I should've ordered a take-out too.
The last time I had a memorable Mexican food was in Houston, TX. We always feel disappointed when we go to any Mexican or TexMex kind of place around us. This place now gives us another reason to visit Philly irrespective of the parking troubles.
For adults, the decor is just another extra treat. If you go with kids, find a table away from the wall coverings.
Thanks for the wonderful time. Keep up the good work guys. You'll see us more.Atmosphere reminds me of a Quentin Tarantino movie.  I expect Uma to drop down in my booth at any moment. Food is outstanding.  Love the short rib fundido. Tacos kill. Nachos great. Banana pancakes at Sunday brunch are recommended.Well. I'll break it down based on food (ehhh) and service (awful)
Food :
Oddly flavored for a Mexican restaurant and I can't say I was happy with my meal, but that is not the reason I am dissatisfied. The food wasn't great and I wouldn't recommend it since I think it's a waste of money to give it another go when there are so many other amazing Mexican places in the city. 
Service: 
AWFUL. The waitress shamed us because the group of us didn't order drinks right when we got there. I felt a bit offended but still have her another chance. She spent the rest of the time ignoring our table even tough we kept ordering more. Sge continually brought up the fact that we weren't drinking (my friend has been dealing  struggling with substance abuse and we are trying to stay sober with him in support) She would have had a nice tip on a 200 tab but instead she got a note about how to act in front of people. 
Don't waste your time hereGood margs. Decent guac. Terrible "traditional" ceviche. It's apparently made with watermelon and avocado puree, but those flavors were totally masked by a ton of spicy mayo. The mayo broke in the acid. It was a sloppy mess. And the fish was meh.
The chicken quesadillas are made with corn tortillas and feel more like a taco. The chicken was really saucy. Wasn't the worst, but it didn't really resemble a quesadilla to me.Only 2 out of 4 of our dishes were good. One was inedible (alambre de pollo) and the other just wasn't good (carnitas) the short rib enchiladas and the special quesadillas were great though! Definitely hit and miss but the good thing was that they took the alambre off our check because we didn't like it.I agree with all the reviews below - great food!  I just wanted to add that the staff were very courteous and accommodating - we hosted an informal happy hour last week where 12 people showed up instead of 8 (the number that we had made the reservation for), and they easily provided us with extra chairs and handled our additional orders without any complaints and without turning anyone away.  I appreciate it!Best mexican restuaraunt in philly, every time i go in they please. Go for happy hour for the margaritas!Another Starr restaurant with a strong reputation for their service. I have gone to plenty of Starr's restaurants and I would sadly have to say this was my least favorite.
The service: 5/5
Our waitress was helpful, I think she was a trainee though. She made great suggestions and helped me select my entree. 
The food: 3/5
After going to other Starr restaurants, I have pretty high standards of his establishments. However this meal did not hit that spot for me. The Guacamole with tortilla chips I thought were standard, nothing to fun and different about them, and the alambre de pollo with refried beans was nothing I would brag about. I thought the whole meal was fair. 
The atmosphere: 4/5
This is a Starr restaurant and it does keep that hip interior and seems like a fun and chill place to grab drinks with some co-workers after work or a quick bite. 
I am sad to say that I was disappointed with my experience at El Rey but that will not prevent me from going to other Starr Restaurants.what's there to love about a restaurant that requires shouting for communication with dining companions, lukewarm nachos, literally the *tiniest* gin and soda I think I've ever been served in my life (but, sadly, at usual philly bar prices and *gasp* only like 2 or 3 dollars cheaper than my 2-meals-in-1 nacho entree), and less-than-enthusiastic waiter service? there's, unfortunately, a lack of good, authentic Mexican restaurants in center city. thank god for my proximity to south philly, and the awesome selection of reasonably priced and tasty Mexican food.Great deals for happy hour here! I know I'm definitely not the first to rave about their $4 margaritas and their $1 tacos during happy hour, but it's worth another mention. The drinks are strong, and the tacos, while small,  are still substantial enough to be worth a buck each. Happy hour is admittedly a bit short/early(5-6:30), but if you go regularly you'll learn the menu enough to rattle off everything you want the minute your server comes by, so even if you get there by 6:15 or 6:20 or you should still be ok. 
A note on the regular menu: nachos and enchiladas are especially good/worth sharing. 
Warm, casual atmosphere with dim lighting. Great place for a date or just chilling with friends! The wait is pretty quick or nonexistent most days except Friday and Cinco de Mayo.I hated the sign outside. I hated it so much I almost didn't want to go in. I had visions of getting Hep A. But, luckily I was with someone who is vaccinated and not scared. 
It was really cute inside. "Mexican" diner. I mean, it's not authentic at all... but decent food in a fun atmosphere. We had guacamole, chicken tacos and short rib enchiladas. The guacamole was different than others I've had. It didn't seem like there were tomatoes or onions in it... I wouldn't order it again... The tacos had great flavor but the tortilla was kinda wet.... The enchiladas were great. I also got a margarita without salt.. somehow though it was very salty. Prices were cheap, service was excellent. 
I'd come here again and try other stuff though because it was laid back and inexpensive.I love the concept of a diner feeling kinda of mexi restaurant. Try the sangrias and the guacamole , super yummy. Great place to grab a bite and a few drinks. Good customer service and very reasonable prices.I love this place. Great ambiance, great service, and most importantly great authentic Mexican food! Not to mention the happy hour might just be one of the best deals in the city. A wide variety of $1 (amazing!!) tacos, and rotating $2 and $3 appetizers. As well as $2 Tecate cans (a Mexican lager) and $4 margaritas makes this an affordable yet highly satisfactory place to go.The margaritas might just be my favorite in the city, they definitely have a nice kick to them, which is always appreciated, as the salt around the rim actually for once comes in handy.
I highly recommend El Rey to any Mexican food/ drink enthusiasts. The lightning and perfect level of music volume (not too loud) makes this place a great spot for conversation during a date. 
Just note, however, that to my knowledge this place does not accept reservations so its first-come, first-serve, and it tends to get crowded pretty quickly especially on weekend nights and during happy hour.I came here during happy hour.  5:15pm to be exact.  There wasn't a wait, which I initially was worried about.  Got a table for 3 without waiting at all.
The price for the food and beer during happy hour is one of the best.
$1 tacos (steak, chicken, fish).  I was worried that the quality would be horrible but it was good! especially for only $1.  I ended up ordering a total for 6 tacos.
$3 appetizer, which was some sort of roasted cauliflower.  I was skeptical at first, because I'm not a fan of cauliflower but it was really tasty.  I would definitely get this again.
Service - was very good.  The waiter was very friendly.  He refilled my water without having me to ask to get refills.  We were there for a little while after finishing our meal, and we never felt like the waiter was trying to rush us out.
I would definitely come here again for their happy hour, when in the mood for some tacos.  Good food, great price and good service.I was craving Mexican food so we headed to nearby El Rey. They offer a fast lunch combo for $10. First I had the warm corn salad which was very bland and basically warm corn in a butter broth. Next I had the Chilaquiles, which was a fried egg over tortilla chips covered in salsa verde.  The dish lacked any real flavor or seasoning and the egg was barely cooked and runny.   I was very disappointed in the food. I'm giving one star for our young and vivacious server and one for the margarita that was thankfully too strong.Dear El Rey,
Your frozen margaritas give me the worst ever brain freezes, but your flavors are inventive and your on-the-rocks are (usually) decently strong. Your guac is overpriced but delicious, and your chips are meh. Your queso fundido is fucking fantastic. Your service is spotty, but your dollar tacos during Happy Hour make my wallet smile. 
I wanted to love you, but when it comes down to it I really don't know how I feel about you. 
Love, CaseyAmazing food and drinks. Try the short rib enchiladas. Very good chips and house salsa.Pretty good low key Mexican. Being from LA, I keep searching out Mexican in Philly and El Rey was good but not great. My friends enjoyed it more than me so not sure if that's a reflection of my dish or my Mexican snobbery. Pretty affordable though for what you're getting though and not bad at all.Bad service. Drink menu is small. No chips and dip on the house!?  Quesadillas were terrible!I really liked the food from the specials menu and the staff was super helpful in getting my takeout order filled in a reasonably fast manner even though it was pretty crowded when I was there.First visit, came with locals who raved about it. Excellent food, right on the money for authentic Mexican-style street food. Big surprise was their home made ice cream. Seriously, they should be selling it from a small freezer case near the door. Tried 4 flavors:Mexican chocolate, guava with hibiscus, salted caramel and mango with jalapeño. To die for. Definitely coming back on my next visit to Philly.Blood orange margarita is amazing. Unusual atmosphere. Also later hours. Nice staff. I really like the lighting and the incorporation of the original diner into their theme.I came to El Rey for a late lunch with two friends. We shared the nachos, which were good but not the best nachos I've had. Then we each ordered off of a special menu, which let you pick two courses for 9.99.  The portion for each course is smaller, but a very good deal considering you get two things. I chose the Chayote salad, which had corn, onion, and avocado. It was light and delicious. I also chose the chicken tostada. The meat was tender and it was also really good. My friends enjoyed their food, too. I would love to go back and try something else.As my tip states, this is overpriced, hipster, Mexican food. Don't think there could be such a thing? Well, my friend, there is. 
Now, I'm all for kitsch and tongue-in-cheek tackiness, but the food better stand up to the American-picker-esque junk and prison art on the walls and Quentin Tarantino style soundtrack. 
The menu here is limited but does have some tacos, enchiladas, and specials. I paid $10 for guacamole and chips and would bet that the guacamole came out of a large tub of the pre-made stuff. The chips were overfried and hard. The other menu items didn't impress either. The pork tacos were small, and more like pork sliders as I think the diameter of the corn tortilla was about 2 inches. The chunks of meat were tender, but were seasoned very strangely and reminded me of cinnamon.
This is another "à la carte restaurant" and so your bill ends up being very pricey. Mr. J got the chicken enchiladas; however, they did not come with rice or beans. Each one of those items will cost you approximately 4 dollars.
I was not impressed and the menu was very underwhelming. Mexican is not that difficult to prepare, but somehow they can't seem to get it.Have been here several times with inconsistent results. 
Guac is always good! But the margaritas are way too sweet. Seriously, where can I get a decent margarita in this city? The good thing is that if you complain enough, they will tone them down a bit. 
Short rib torta was delicious, but cumbersome. But we also got some sort of flank steak dish that was mostly beans with hardly any steak. Disappointing. Also,  they brought our entrees out before our nachos (big no-no) and after some more complaining, they took the nachos off of our bill and gave us free churros! So, like, be a bitch and get what you want, people. It's OK to do that. 
Our server did something kind of distasteful once, which was correct me! Yikes, who does that? Manners! I asked her what kind of "silver" tequila she would recommend and she came at me with "Oh, you mean blanco? There's no such thing as a silver tequila..." Which was just sort of annoying, not because my ego hurt but because I've alternately heard them called "silver" tequilas, though I was polite enough not to tell her that.I went to El Rey for the second time in a few months just this past weekend.  I think this place might end up being one of our new go-to restaurants!  
Before I go into the gory detail of the food and drinks, I have to tell you a few great things(in general) about El Rey:  1.  Great location- lots going on in the area so you can hop over to other bars after you're done dinner.  2.  The staff- everyone I've been served a drink from, had as a server, or just the girls at the front door are VERY very nice.  I love the warm feel.  3.  The price- you can tell me if I'm wrong, but the prices for food and drinks at El Rey are significantly cheaper than other Starr spots.  Right?  That's something I can get along with.  4.  The food and drinks.  So... freakin... good!
So the first time we came here with another couple, it was a hot day in the beginning of October so I was craving some White Sangria.  The bartender immediately shook his head and said "no no, you have to try the red".  I was a little hesitant, being only a new fan of wine and not quite into red yet, but we went with it.  Let me tell you, it's unbelievable.  Get it... and get a pitcher of it.  It's a million times worth it.  I've also had sips of the boy's Mango Margarita which was delicious and awesome and fruity and yum, but I would order the Red Sangria over it any time (and I did this weekend!)
The food:  
Only having eaten here twice I feel like I can't FULLY judge the food quite yet.  That might take a few trips back as a homework assignment... hmmmm....
Anyway, one of the reasons I haven't tried too much was because of the Crab/Avocado Salad.  Holy cow.  Is this serious?  Dave and I both think it's one of our TOP salads in the city, if not #1.  Something about it is just so right.  Is it the light creamy dressing?  Is it the avocado?  The crab?  Or is it the Cilantro?!  We don't know but what we do know is that we're obsessed.  You will be too.
For our meal this weekend, Dave and I unanimously opted for the special platter of the night "for two".  I don't even know if I can repeat what was on it, but it was BOMB.   Oh my gosh!  We hope a dish like this makes it onto the menu or is a special always :)  There was some kind of spiced chicken breast, some kind of delicious tender veal, some kind of braised pork, sea bass, nopales, charred green onions, guacamole, fried onions, and (as if thats not enough to make you get out in the snow and go order it) a sharp PROV fundito cheese dip.  The whole thing came with refillable flour and corn tortillas.  Holy... guac...a.... mole!
Anyway, if you can't tell I'm all for El Rey.  Who's with me?El Rey was a really fun place for happy hour. My friend and I shared a pitcher of the white sangria and it was light and tasty. We shared some guacamole which was pretty good too though their chips are a little on the thick side. Then of course we got a ton of their $1 tacos. The beef and fish were really good.
The staff was nice and the ambiance was really lively. It's a popular place so make sure to go early to get a seat.Came to El Rey for a group dinner before a bachelor party and was with 6 other people.  My one friend and I got there about 25 minutes early for our reservation.  The table was already cleared and ready for us despite the restaurant being completely packed.  A girl came by and asked if we wanted drinks so I ordered a beer which I was told came in a bottle.  She brought it out and it was in fact in a can.  She asked if I wanted a glass and I said "yes please".  My glass never came.  She asked if we would like some water as well and my reply was "No thanks".  Next trip back, I had a fresh glass of water sitting next to me that went untouched for the entire dinner.  None of this was really a big deal, just pointing out that while being "attentive" we weren't actually being listened to.  
Being in a group, we had prearranged to have a prix fixe menu.  This was served family style and consisted of two pre-appetizers, several actual-appetizers, four dinner options, and Churros for a dessert.  All of the food we tried was excellent but the pricing ended up at $70/person after tip.  I was a little surprised at this given the actual amount of food served, combined with the fact that nobody really had more than 2 beers.  I don't mind paying a premium for food if the quality and taste are up to par but this wasn't one of those situations.  Food was good, just not worth what we paid.
I would return only with a smaller group of 4 or less to try some other menu items, this time just wasn't worth it.Yummy margaritas and a great happy hour! Love the service here and the chill hipster vibe.  Get a booth if you can, very comfy. He bar is small and usually packed. Nice and chill for a Sunday FundaOne of those places I want to like but jus can't. Food pretty good, but the portion size for the price is not. 
Much better choices for Mexican foodKeeping this 4 stars after going twice last week.  I'm still not sold on the decor or service (the Mexican Prison Art actually creeps me out a bit).  
Food remains solid if not delicious, and seemed more consistent than last time.  The fried egg chilaquiles may be among my top 5 dishes in Philadelphia right now (I could seriously drink that tomatillo salsa), and it's $8 for a huge plate!  I also enjoyed the Chile en Nogada (pepper filled with dried fruit and beef and covered in a cream sauce), which tasted more Persian than Pueblan, and the queso fundido proved just as decadent on a second visit.  
I still need to try out the tortas, but I was very happy with the repeat visit!So I've only been here around the cinco de mayo time the last few years. It's the only time they have the best specials running, otherwise it's expensive for a taco!
It's usually packed, loud, and slow service. But the vibe is fun, they get the place all Decorated and throw a block party!
The tacos and margaritas are fairly good. We will probably Keep going here for the specials but on ordinary days there's no point.Overall, I'm happy with my visit. They had $1 tacos and $4 margaritas for their happy hour which is available from 5 to 6:30 PM. My only complaint is that the waiter charged us for salsa and chips $3.50 each and we ordered two salsas so the total was $7 dollars. I'm not happy about that. But everything else is great!still a fan!
i went again this week, and the guac is a bit bland. But i highly recommend the salsa verde chicken enchiladas and the mushroom tacos are sooo delicious!My wife and I went for Mexican Independence Day meal which included 7meals paired with 7 drinks. All were fabulous and I would go back in a heartbeat.Happy hour rocks...
We also order veg nachos on top of happy hour taco n empanadas..taste was authentic..in short delicious food..but if you want to go to any calm and peaceful place than don't go there during happy hours..it was too noisy..but food absolutely did the justice...This review has been long overdue. I have kept it bottled up inside. Came here after work for a happy hour business meeting with a colleague of mine upon my suggestion. I was deeply embarrassed and regretted my decision at the end of our meal. El Rey could be a really amazing spot but each time I have come here the service has left me unimpressed. It's not that the servers/bartenders are rude but they are just not good. Service is always so slow and lacks attention to detail; silverware for meals, water glasses not refilled, I could go on but the icing on the cake really came from the bar. I understand that it is happy hour and busier than normal but no one should have to go through what we experienced! We ordered our margaritas and after about 10mins we asked our server about them and she said that the bartender was busy and they would be out shortly. We decided to order another round as soon as we got our first round because the first round took forever. Twenty minutes went by and we asked our server about our margaritas again and again she stated that the bartender was busy but she was "killing it", she was not. Because 25 mins for a margarita is "NORMAL!" Then when she finally came over with our margaritas, our server had the audacity to taunt us by obnoxiously giggling as she dropped our margaritas with "haha I guess ordering them so far in advance wasn't that helpful". Yeah because it's our fault. Are there any managers in this place? I didn't spot one! Two stars because the tacos were good but the service tempted me to give it one. Pray that you go when it is slow because once it gets mildly busy, everything goes out the window. Chaotic service and long waits for food/drinks.Nice atmosphere, nice variety of authentic Mexican cuisine.  Tasty entrees!  Daily salsas are great!  And lunch specials are a nice bargain.I don't quite follow the line of thinking that brought about this Stephen Starr caricature of your typical run of the mill taquería, but I guess the guy that owns all the restaurants knows better than I would. It's part Mexican, part tacky retro (holdovers from the old Midtown).
Good quality food - halibut tacos were great tasting and the habanero sauce was genuinely hot. However, the servings are not reminiscent of a Mexican restaurant. Normally I don't complain about serving size, but it was particulary a problem here. The tacos should be called mini tacos. No complementary nachos (which I probably don't need anyway). So overall good food, but not a place I really have any desire to return to. If I want Mexican I can think of plenty of better places at better prices, and the kitsch really has no draw as far as I'm concerned.Excellent service
Clean place
Fun latino vibe
Affordable/moderate
Dishes are delicious you cannot really miss. 
The waiters are knowledgeable 
Ask for the nachos, they are HUGEThe food here was very bland, and the preparation of the fish taco did not match what the server described. The grilled (?) fish tacos came out a bit sauce-y and wet. One saving grace of the restaurant was that the chips were very crunchy.Small portions but lots of flavor! 
I ordered the brisket tacos and corn on the cob. The tacos came out and I was surprised by how small the tortillas were! I ordered the brisket because I love this meat but found the meat here to be too dry. Thankfully each taco was loaded with other ingredients, so my taste buds were overwhelmed. The corn though stole the show! Spicy and extra boiled--just like how I like it. Every bite built the spice up more and more. I could have ordered another! 
My friend got the tres tamales. The order felt like 3 different plates in one--full of flavor!
The churros were anticlimactic unfortunately. They were very small and smothered in cinnamon and sugar. Just ok. 
I also ordered a classic margarita with salt. Flavor was great and strong, served in a small short glass. 
At 10 on a Saturday, the place was just clearing out a little. By 11, it was busy again.Not a big fan of  Stephen Starr in general, but he did take over a Midtown diner to open El Rey and that is a huge plus b/c anytime one of those sorry shithole excuse of a diner is closed, Philadelphia's property value goes up. 
Basing this review more on grabbing drinks then food, though I did grab a little food here once. My guess is Starr was trying to do the trendy Mexican thing but not be over the top obnoxious like El Vez.....ehh I like the setting: the dining seating is nothing special, but I really like the 50s, 60s, & 70s posters plastered on the walls. Apparently, Batman like J Edgar Hoover was a cross dresser who favored brazlian cut bikinis. Their cerveza menu is hurting, but their tequila although not as vast as say Dos Segundos or El Vez has some good picks. I had a few sips of some margaritas- the guava and mango were pretty good if that is your thing, but Dos Segundos cucumber and jalapeno margarita is my one and only.
The time I had food was what u expect from Starr..OK but overpriced.  I had some cerviche, carnitas and guac and chips. A couple of beers, shots of tequila and margaritas and I got a Mexican Fawk U from Mr Starr during check time. Overall if you are in this part of town and want a good place to talk and grab some drinks and pick at some food I wouldn't fight it... too much.Went here for happy hour with some friends and got great, accommodating service and yummy, affordable food! The veggie tacos were delicious, and they had a guacamole sampler dish, which they were able to make fresh without cilantro because I hate cilantro. I loved how friendly and accommodating the service was, and I was very satisfied with the food. I just wish the interior was a little less loud!Last night was a amazing night at El Rey.  Our wonderful server recommended the Ceviche chopped blue crab and the short ribs enchiladas for my hubby.  WOW it was amazing, I certainly could not have made a better choice myself.  I have always been pleased with the food here, family recipes handed down, and of course you can not get a better margarita.  Ask for Maggie as your wait staff, she knows the menu both drinks and food and will help you make a choice if your not sure.  Try the Guava Margarita, yum!  Thanks for a great Friday night!This is a nice place to get Mexican food.  Ambiance isn't a big deal for me but this spot has a great vibe.  They play excellent music and have some great movie posters on the walls.
The food here was solid.  Though i was really impressed with the Nopales Salad.  I rarely if ever order/eat salad but when the salad has Cactus listed as one of it's ingredients I have to try it.  It was delicious.  I had a dish at another mexican restaurant about 2 months later that also had cactus in it and it wasn't half as good.
I struggled between ordering Huevos Rancheros and the Chilaquiles.  I went with the latter and they were good.  I am pretty sure they only have Beer, Tequila and Wine to drink if you want Alcohol.
Our Waiter suggested the Tamarind Margarita and it was very good ( this coming from a Bourbon Drinker who doesn't usually drink Margarita's).  But when in Mexico...
This place has great happy hour taco specials as well that I have yet to take advantage of.HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:
5-630pm is a very weird happy hour slot but i guess it's because it's a steal of a deal! 
the tacos are super soggy and i'm personally not a fan of them at all! the meat is soggy and flavorless and overall not a good bite. yes they're $1 so you're getting what you pay for, but does this mean when it's not happy hour it'll be better quality...?
i love the nachos, lots of ingredients and the chips themselves are cooked well. the lavender peach margarita is my favorite here.
overall, for happy hour, it's a great deal but don't expect to eat the best tacos in philly here.Get in here for the St Boniface 3lb IPA. Sunday night after 5 the tacos are mix and match! 
Started with the fish tacos and brew. Add verde sauce or habanero for a kick in the palate. 
Continued my Sunday night hunger fest with the eggplant enchilada. Erin, the bartender also shakes up some nice cocktails. She's very professional and attentive at the bar. Her recommendations are straightforward and true. 
Oh-KAY, recommend a strong finish. Go for the brisket taco, served with jicama adobo. Hearty, succulent, and satisfying. To stop the shaking, go for the Flying Fish Red Ale.had the mechilada. I liked it! they use fresh lime juice. And I liked that they give you the rest of the beer since they don't use all of the tecate for this "cocktail." Waaaay to not be cheap-o, guys. :)
food was smaller portion side for enchiladas-- which i liked because it was good and the cheapest entree on the menu. I could eat two of them tho.
best thing ever: hot sauce at this joint. The funny thing is that they don't have anything you would traditionally call a hot sauce. They kept giving us a weird look when we asked for it.. Finally they brought out this sauce that I think they use for the skirt steak. You taste it and it doesn't seem hot just smoky and then it heats up nicely in your mouth. Delish!! My spicy loving roomie was like scraping his tongue. Any hot sauce that can beat him definitely has my stamp of approval. 
I'd also give a thumbs up to the salsa-- fresh as fresh can be. 
.. and it doesn't hurt that a lot of the waiters are youngish cuties in plaid shirts.Continuing my never ending quest for cheap and delicious food, I went back to El Rey for their new $9.99 lunch deal. The two course meal, plus chips and salsa seemed to good to pass up. And it was. nom.
I had the wild mushroom soup and short rib enchiladas, both of which were delicious. My friend had the tortilla soup and sopes which she loved also. Stephen Starr quality food, for the price of diner food. Win.This was my go to spot to take friends and dates who came into the city when I lived around the corner at 2400 chestnut.  It's affordable for a Steven star!  The food is amazing and They don't take reservations.  Great bar vibe if you are looking to grab a delicious margarita.  I always get the chips and guacamole, margaritas, enchiladas, and the queso corn on the Cobb is out of the world.The staff was very nice, however the food was horrible. Every single dish was ridiculously over salted. Definitely would not recommend.El Rey got the best Mexican foods. The place was great and you will be impress with the posters on their wall that will surely catch your attentions.Affordable SS cuisine.
On the house big bucket of chips and salsa (get the guac, too..) to start off.  Their wild mushroom soup is a good, but be forwarned that is has quite the spicy kick.
Follow it up with an affordable lunch special or my personal fave: the ahi tuna fish tacos, served with avacado and fresh cilantro on a soft tortilla.  The skirt steak enchiladas are rich and cheesy with a kick as well.  
Great season-themed martinis, too..the cranberry and the spiced apple among two personal choices.  No complaints..lunch here is always a good idea, especially if you can get a cocktail in there, too.I'm a big fan of mexican food, and this was one of the only places in the city that i've never visited.  When we went they had some pretty killer happy hour drink specials, $4 margaritas, $3 tecate and coronas.  They also had $1 tacos, which were good but small.  The food here is good but its not the best mexican food i've ever had.  They do a nice job on presentation, the service is very friendly and cool, and the prices are good. The theme of this place was dope too, they have Spanish/Mexican film posters all over the walls, I thought that was neat.  If you're interested in going to this place i'd say its definitely worth checking out.This restaurant was recommended by a co-worker as the place to go for margaritas.  My friend and I have ordered a guacamole sampler. You get 4 types of guacamole with different additions. The concept was very cool, however, the execution was quite bland. Very standard guac with toppings. Nothing jumped out. I've also ordered a tamarind margarita, which tasted like a sugary mess of ready-made concentrates diluted by tequila. A friend of mine had ordered Passion in Oaxaca (supposedly passion fruit and mezcal) and got a very smokey  undrinkable concoction. It could be a matter of personal taste.
But I would like to point out what I did like, it's a very helpful and friendly staff.(to the tune of "Santeria" by Sublime)
Sometimes I want a few tacos, if that order ain't too tall -
If I had a million dollars well I'd, spend it all
That Happy Hour at El Rey, one of the best that I've found
I'd like to invite you to join me, let's sit on down...
All I really want to know,
Is where's my queso?
All I really want to say
That cheese is divine...
It's salsa that I need
My soul will have to wait 'til I get to the bar, get
a Margarita of my own -
Mama's gonna love one and all
Try guava or the tamarind or the mango  - I've got to try them all!
Well, I swear that I, I really want tacos....
I really, what I really want to say is they're so fine
Taco love - makes me go - El Rey's the spot to be.
As far as value goes, Happy Hour gets an A+, while other hours in the evening get a solid B. Lunch time also falls comfortably in the A/A- range. 
HH dollar tacos are the bomb. The queso fundido with chorizo and poblanos is probably the best melted cheese dish in the city - I wish they just served it with chips, though, not tortillas. The margaritas are delish, every flavor that I've tried, and I prefer on the rocks to frozen 100% of the time. 
The scene is a lot of young, attractive folks - lunch time you'll get business lunches, evening / happy hour is chock-full of grad students and Wharton kids. It can get rowdy, but that's part of the fun.Came here for happy hour while visiting Philly for a few days and was very happy with my meal. Shared a (very) large plate of nachos that were served very differently (basically on a pizza pan) from how I've had them elsewhere (tried some more nachos in Philadelphia and they were served the same way so maybe it's just a Philadelphia thing). One order was more than enough for 2 of us and were topped with plenty of cheese, the right amount of sour cream, beans, hot peppers, and other toppings - the chips were still crunchy and not drowned by the toppings to the point of sogginess. Also had a solid house margarita at a good price. Overall, definitely a place worth recommendingI don't want to, but I like this place.  I am a believer in not paying big bucks for everyday Mexican fare, especially when you can get some of the most delicious and authentic Mexican food in some hole-in-the-wall in South Philly.  But I think El Rey is doing it right.  The lunch special ($9.99 for chips and salsa, appetizer, & entree) is such a great deal.  The first time I did that I had the warm corn salad (blah) and chicken enchiladas (yay!).  Since then I have kicked out the corn for the nachos and I am a happy camper every time.
I went for happy hour last night and that was what really sealed the deal.  $4 margaritas!  $1 tacos!  The tacos are small, but the flavors are big.  I enjoyed the fish and veggie tacos.  I did not care for the steak taco.
The one thing I ordered off the menu that wasn't part of some discount deal was the queso fundido with mushrooms.  Definitely worth the extra bucks. I can't wait to eat that again!  The only thing I haven't been impressed by is that fact that you have to pay for chips and salsa.  That is so dumb.  For real.
I also like the kitschy decor and my server's waxed mustache.This used to be one of my favorite dollar taco places, but recently, I feel their flavor has been falling flat. The last time I visited with my friends, we ordered our usual tacos. Our waiter brutally messed up our order, likely due to the extremely noisy setting. Once he fixed the mistake (quickly) we started eating our tacos and they had no flavor. We asked for some of their house habanero hot sauce to spice up the flavor, which took asking three times to finally achieve. Overall, I don't think I will be visiting for a while, but would definitely give it another chance in a couple months.Legit Mexican food in a kitschy atmosphere. You know it's good when you order chips and salsa and it takes 5 minutes for them to arrive because they are frying the chips to order! Salsa is fresh a and full of flavor.
Had the chalupas and they were amazing. You get two with verde sauce and two with rojo sauce. Verde was my personal favorite.
Great happy hour prices.  Can't wait to go back.Cool decor but the food and service were not the "Starr' experience!!  Skip this one and go to El Vez instead!My girlfriend wanted some Mexican food so we decided to try out El Rey. We were here on a Sunday during brunch, and although they offered some interesting options, none of them really seemed like my type. I went with corn on the cob (bizarre, I know) and chicken quesadillas.
The corn on the cop came with chipotle seasoning on it and I liked it a lot...still kind of bothers me that I paid 3 bucks for one ear of corn though! The chicken quesadillas left something to be desired, however. I was hoping for something really cheesy (so this seemed like the obvious choice!) but there was hardly any cheese on them and the chicken was pretty bland, too.
Good service, though! And I would like to give them another try but I'm steering clear of the quesdillas next time.Came here pretty late, almost right before the kitchen closed. 
However, the bartender was really nice and the food/drinks were very good. I ordered a tamale and it was SO DELICIOUS. Also ordered a frozen mango margarita and a sangria. 
It's a cute place with a good menu and good vibes. I'd come back for sure to try out more things.The brisket tacos with a squeeze of lemon is so refreshing n full with classic margaritas on the side! Nachos made the appetizer for the week..wow. keep it up guysThis was my first time dining at El Rey, and I had a great experience. I love how close it is to where I live, and very easy to get to when in the city. Their margaritas and variety of tacos were my favorite, I would definitely go again. I also love their staff. Very friendly.Read through my old reviews. You will see me repeat a personal philosophy numerous times. It is thus: if I know I am going to be socializing at a location but not spending a ton of money, but staying for a while, I plan to tip the waitress fairly well to make up for any additional tips she may have made if the table had turned over after I left.
I think this is just common courtesy. I know that the waitress (or waiter, but for the purpose of this review we'll use the feminine) doesn't KNOW I'm going to do that. I know that she, internally, probably just wants me to go so she can make more money. At the end of the day though she should be treating me like she wants me around.
Today I went to El Rey with two friends for a mini-celebration. We sat at a booth in the back area. We each had a drink and we ordered around $20 worth of food. 
Now I arrived about 10 minutes after my friends. No sooner had I sat down and begun talking to them than our waitress arrived, which is great. However I had not even begun to consider what I wanted, so I told her "Hey, I literally just sat down, if you could give me a minute I'll let you know." Her response to that was "Okay, well how about if I start you off with a margarita?"
I guess that's probably standard, but it was just the WAY she said it. The inflection, the glare. What I *heard* her say was "Ugh. They're not going to spend ANY money, and they're just going to waste my time!" So I said "No thank you." She teetered off, and in the course of the next four minutes came back TWICE to see if I was ready. Now mind you, the place was PACKED.
What then unfolded was the most irritating situation I've ever encountered with a waitress. She wasn't even TRYING to hide the fact that she just wanted us to leave. Everything we did seemed to irritate her. When we finally ordered food she kept coming back asking, with this really deep INTENT in her voice, if we wanted anything else to eat. Like...who does that? Maybe AFTER we're done with what we already ordered, right?
Then after we were done, like magic she was there to take the plates away. Seriously, the SECOND the last morsel had entered a mouth. This was followed by several more 'Can I get you anything else"s in the next five or six minutes. Finally we were so miffed that we told her to go ahead and bring the check.
She did, and my friend closest to the wall took it and put her credit card on it. The waitress ran it through in like sixty seconds and them came back with it for as ignature. My friend took it, signed it, and then put it under her arm so we could just have a damn conversation for a little while. The waitress cruised past several times over the next five minutes, sort of peering at the table looking for the check. It would be one thing if she was just politely checking in case we were ready to pay, but no; she was OBVIOUSLY impatiently waiting.
She finally came by and, WHILE SAYING THE PHRASE "Can I go ahead and get that for you?" REACHED ACROSS THE TABLE AND UNDER MY FRIEND'S ARM TO TAKE THE TRAY WITH THE SIGNED RECEIPT ON IT!!!!!!!
I'd like to tell you the food was amazing, especially the chicken tacos. I could tell you that, because it was. Unfortunately all I can remember is my waitress making me feel, from the second I got there, that I was not welcome and that she wanted me to leave.
For the record, our actual bill came to approximately $21.00. Based on my usual standard I would have tipped about 50% and left a $10. Based on her behavior, we left under 10%; $2.00. So she sort of proved her own foregone conclusion.This have to be the most non flavor Mexican place I ever been to absolutely no spice or flavor even Taco Bell is more authentic Than this place the only good thing here was the water and salad which wasn't Mexican maybe this best should become a salad work with AlcoholFoolish me.  I get excited about Mexican in my neighborhood.  usually, if I want Good Mexican--I have to hike out to El Azteca across town.  Sometimes you wish you could just walk to somewhere local.  High hopes.  Good gosh--NOT!. Crap food at high prices.  I don't mind paying for good food but this isn't even on par with Baco Bell.My first experience at El Rey was decent enough. 
After my husband's holiday work party a few of his coworkers and I decided "the party wasn't over" so we headed there for one more drink. In total there were five of us. It was freezing cold outside and we were in Center City West. Our options were limited (because douchey bro bars are definitely not our speed) and it was after 11pm. We decided you probably can't go wrong with Mexican inspired drinks so we headed inside. 
The diner-style bar was mostly occupied (but not packed) but there still wasn't room for our group to all be seated. Seeings as this was a borderline awkward "coworkers hanging out semi-drunk" situation we were relieved when the hostess offered that we could lounge in the waiting area where coat racks, a small sofa, and a chair or two were available. We happily obliged!
Three in the group stuck to beers while one of his more adventurous coworkers and I split a pitcher of Sangria. I had been drinking Sangria all night at the party so it was only fitting that I keep the trend alive. And boy was it delicious!
Looking back I am not sure if it actually had any alcohol in it. I mean--I suppose there had to be some....but it's entirely possible that the bartender eyed me up as a girl who doesn't typically drink that much who was already 3-drinks deep so she topped it off with extra juice. I only say that because after drinking 1/2 of a pitcher I should imagine I would have required a stretcher to get me out of there (because I would be asleep) but I definitely remember my walk back to the Broad Street line....
Nevertheless, the experience was nice enough. This is...until a few days later when I was reviewing my credit card statement. 
Judge how you will, but I am one of those fanatics (and former servers/bartenders/etc.) who always leaves a (generous) tip that makes the grand total an even number. Example: The bill is $70.55. A tip most people would leave would be $14.00. Because I am not most people, I round it out. My tip is $14.45 making the grand total $85.00.
You might think this is dumb (to each his own) but it's how I do things. And why complain? Technically that server is getting an extra $0.45. Anyway--back to the point--one of the reasons that I do this is to alert me of incorrect tips being added to my account. If I review the total charge and it is not even I know someone screwed up (sometimes it's my husband but that's another story).
ANYWAY. The total amount I was charged was $84.99. Just typing it makes my eye twitch. Do I actually care? Not really. Am I going to call and demand that they charge me an extra penny? No. BUT. I wonder if that bartender who spiked my drink with extra OJ could tell from our brisk interaction that I possess a certain amount of OCD that would later cause me mental anguish (however brief). 
Overall, I am sure if faced with the same situation in the future that I will return to El Rey. Until then!We decided to go out for lunch on Saturday because the weather was beautiful. I'd been wanting to try El Rey so we gave it a go...
I wouldn't recommend for a beautiful day because it is quite dark in there BUT I did like the atmosphere (had diner/retro feel).
Now for the food, it was delicious! Nice lunch portions, not overly filling. We shared the nachos with chorizo and they were one of my favorite nacho plates in the city (large spread out plate so every chip has toppings!). For my meal, I got the pork belly gorditas. They were tasty but came on more of a bao bun than a gordita. IF YOU LIKE SPICY, ask for their homemade habanero sauce!!! 
Finally, I got the pineapple jalapeño marg and it was perfect. Not too sweet, not too spicy. I could've definitely gotten a pitcher!The chicken tacos were great. Very simple (chicken, cheese sauce, pickled onions) but tasty. The Chips and guacamole were also very good. 
While I liked the food, the four of us ordered a pitcher of margaritas, which filled our four (small) glasses once and cost $30! Im not sure if that's a regular price for a margarita pitcher but I thought that was pretty expensive, especially since my tacos only cost $8.A little expensive (drinks and food). Food is tex-mex and pretty good. The service was pretty good as well, and very friendly/welcoming! i enjoyed the atmosphere most of all though. It's somewhere between 1950s restaurant decor, and bizzare interior design architecture; overall it makes the place unique which I loved! 5 stars for atmosphere, 3 stars for food, 4 stars for service.The food is so delicious and the service is top notch! Try the Paloma (tequila, lime juice, grapefruit jarritos) and the Short Rib Queso Fundido. Make sure to ask a manager about the Ranstead Room. Love, love, love!I feel very conflicted about this review as I had probably the best margarita of my life but also the worst tacos of my life. 
The spicy jalapeño margarita had a great kick, and was tasty. The fish tacos on the other hand... they were not only tiny, but they were also cold and pretty flavorless. It was one tiny piece of fried mahi and topped with something that tasted like a root vegetable (quite chewy), which was a weird combination of textures and flavors. For $12 ($4 per taco and literally $1 per bite), I definitely expected either a larger portion or just more substance to the tacos. 
Extremely disappointed as this was a Stephen Starr restaurant. I think the happy hour specials are decent but would not advise anyone to pay full menu prices.This place has bangin' fish tacos and pitchers of really tasty mango margaritas.  The food is simple and a prime example of why that's a good thing.  I will definitely be returning.This place doesn't take reservations, and can fill up quite quickly on weekends especially around happy hour (5-6:30) so plan accordingly. It can also get loud in here (like a lot of Starr restaurants) so if you're hard of hearing come earlier or later. 
Unless you're coming for happy hour, don't bother with the tacos- they're yummy but quite small and you only get three to an order. However, $1 tacos during HH is totally worth it. Guac is pricy but worth it. Zucchini quesadilla is easily the best thing I've gotten in my numerous visits. If you're in a fancier food mood, try the tumbada, a seafood medley of sorts over rice. Delicious. My boyfriend has a soft spot for their chipotle queso fresco corn on the cob.This is a great spot if you're looking for sangria/ margarita pitchers or a sweet happy hour! 
They also make pretty great chunky salsa and pastor quesadillas!I generally have a dislike for most Starr restaurants, but El Rey is a huge exception. In particular the happy hour menu which isn't advertised, in fact its the only reason I go there. But baby jesus, is it worth it. 
I'm pretty sure whatever sauce they put on the steak taco borders on some form of substance abuse. Nevertheless, it fills the spot perfect after a long day at work. Along with a good can of beer for only $2 it is the place you want to be after work. I can sit at the bar, relax put on my headphones and mellow out to music after a long day of work. 
I can't imagine another better place where the trifecta of happiness with cheap food, relaxing atmosphere, and plentiful alcohol blends together so perfectly. I have found a place to drown my sorrows.I have been to El Rey three times: twice for brunch and once for dinner.  It is right down the street from my apartment, and for that reason I have frequented it fairly regularly.  If it wasn't so close, I honestly wouldn't make a trip all the way here though.  But it's a great neighborhood standby for when you live close!
Positives: I like the chilaquiles for brunch.  The michelada and margaritas are delicious and refreshing drinks.  As other Yelpers mention, El Rey is a fairly priced, especially for a Stephen Starr restaurant.  The decor is super funky.  I love that each table has a name of a 70s muscle car attached to it.  And I also love that Randstead Room is in the back (if you haven't been, go).  It's usually not too crowded and you can get a table most times, except during CC Sips.
Negatives: I find it annoying/pretentious that you have to pay for chips and salsa.  Granted, they are really good chips and salsa, but come on... at least give the first basket free and then charge for refills or something.  Also, I had the tamales one night and I was underwhelmed by them.  I would choose something different next time.If you're going to go, don't go on a Saturday evening. They don't have any music playing, but it was still so loud my date & I had to shout to each other across the table. I'm not sure if I should give them the second star - I really feel it was a 1.5. I wouldn't go again for food. Service was good, food was pretty bad. My dish was pleasantly peppery, but by the time I was 1/4 through I was so salted-out I had to stop. Too salty by far. The skirt steak in my date's dish was tough to the point of being unchewable - just swallow and hope your stomach can take care of it for you. The salsa had good flavor (cilantro loaded!) and the chips were crisp & warm, but that's not dinner. 
If you're looking for a cute interior on a weekday, it might be okay; just don't get anything with skirt steak. If you want good food, try someplace else.The food is mediocre, the portions are very small, and the prices are higher than they should be. Would not go here again, which is a shame because the staff is very friendly and professional.
Id like to add some specifics :
1 jarrito soda is $3.50 ( this is typically a pretty cheap soda so that price is pretty rediculous). 
The tortilla soup tasted like someone dropped 5 beef bullion cubes into a bowl of water.
The enchiladas were very small and there were only 3 tiny enchiladas. No sides or anything to make up for how tiny these were. They tasted rather bland as well. 
The $12 margarita was also pretty tiny and nothing to rave about.Good, but expensive for what it is and the service needs help. 
Pitcher of tamarind margs - $27
Nachos - excellent. Mint salsa. Everything was fresh  Good topping/chip proportion. $9.50
Huitlacoche quesadilla - really 2 tacos. Rich but not very flavorful. $8
Black bean enchilada - very tasty sauce. $7.50
The entrees were appetizer size and priced accordingly. 
Service was just barely competent. There was one person behind the bar for the while place and drinks came out slow. Everyone else was sort of in a hurry to get rid of us.I live down the street so i decided to check out the new restaurant for dinner.  I can't speak for everybody that would eat there, but the portions were way to small for me.  I got the steak soft tacos, paid for chips and salsa, and got 2 margaritas, and it was $37.  The tacos were way too small.  They give 3 tiny tacos.  I probably could have had 9 tacos and maybe have been satisfied.   I won't even get started on having to pay for chips and salsa.
Well, bottom line: the portions are too small and it's too expensive.  If the portions were bigger it might justify the price.  I basically left the restaurant still hungry so i walked down the street and had to get a hoagie.While certainly not a place to go if you in the mood for Mexican, still a nice place.  
The decor is cute, the service was nice, the food was good...just not at all authentic (despite their claim).  
I ordered a nopales salad (super good, very heavy on the dressing) and mexican french toast.  The french toast was good, but I'm unsure where the "mexican" came in.  It would have been awesome with a spicy chocolate sauce, but the caramel that came with it was decent, too.  
Everything else that came out looked good, but isn't something that will leave you with the satisfied, border line painful satiation that comes with a good mexican meal.  
Also, what kind of "mexican" restaurant makes you pay for chips and salsa?  that wasn't very cool.  also pretty pricey ($3.50!?)This rating is just for their happy hour. I've been here for dinner before but I don't think I'd rate this place as high for dinner. 
The bar area itself isn't very large but happy hour specials apply even at tables. $1 tacos and $4 margs just cannot be beat! The tacos are really good and their margs are adequately strong. I got chicken and steak tacos. Both were delicious. They also have vegetarian friendly options, but I didn't try them. My favorite part I think is their amazingly spicy and delicious house habanero sauce. It's REALLY spicy so beware if you're not into that. The bartender got my order in for happy hour 2 minutes before it ended at 6:30pm, which I really appreciate!! There are hooks under the bar for your bags and whatnot, which is always a nice small plus. They have a single bathroom for women. Not a deal breaker, just mentioning it as an FYI. Overall, I totally recommend this place for happy hour!Everyone was almost freakishly smiley when I walked through the door.
The waiter was very helpful in explaining menu items that are usually confusing for diners (even though I knew them, I let him finish his speech...)
I wound up getting the corn with queso fresco and queso fundido. (I like cheese.) it was ok. And the portion size on the queso is huge when compared to el vez, but I tasted my friend's short rib enchiladas and I wish I got those instead. 
I feel the margaritas are undersized. That makes me very sad. 
Also, our waiter checked on us about 5,000 times. It made me a little uneasy and we felt rushed. 
However, I'll come back. For those enchiladas. And I'm gonna take my sweet time eating them, too.Service and happy hour are great. How could you go wrong with $1 tacos and $4 margaritas? Dined for happy hour last Tuesday and will definitely return.Poor service, small margaritas. Had Donovan as my server. Asked him three separate occasions for a basic drink before it was delivered. We should only have to ask once and there's no excuse when there are only three tables occupied in the restaurant at the time of the order.Usually i find steven starr restos to be "good but not memorable" but WOW this is ridiculous amazing.
Went here before heading up to the Ranstead Room (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-ranstead-room-philadelphia#hrid:GJTka6zyUMN-FSXCvq4hLQ/src:self) for drinks and MAN it really blew me away. 
Think: gourmet mexican, done with a new age twist. If you really want a treat, get the Chilaquilaes (Traditional hangover food, nacho chips covered in salsa and cheese until soggy-in-a-great-way).
Finish your night upstairs and it's 5 stars all the way!This review is based on their happy hour so they're getting a big thumbs up from me. Their $1 taco specials are a steal with a variety of options (chicken, steak, cheese, veggie, or whitefish), along with $2 and $3 specials that vary. We ordered a mix of tacos, the $2 empanada special, and a round of classic margaritas. We were quite pleased with the food, the drinks were just ok (fairly strong but the mix they used was a bit icky). Our waitress was fantastic; she was friendly, quick, and efficient. I didn't realize that El Rey was a Steven Starr restaurant so I didn't have any expectations going in. Since there are a few restaurants left with $1 taco specials, I'll be here again.El Rey is a very good Americanize Mexican restaurant .  Serves was good  Yes, I would go there again but... the only thing I didn't like about El Rey is they nickel and dime you for everything.  When you go to any Mexican restaurant, you will get your entree, rice and beans.  If you want the rice and beans or any sides it will cost you.  Each side will be five to six dollars. I ordered the tamales and my husband got the fish tacos.  The tacos are small in size (they give you three) but they are good.  We did order three sides and the whole bill came to $48 and change.My husband and I went for the Happy Hour. It has cool, kitschy decor and the food was OK. The problem came with the $5 margaritas. We were seated at the bar in front of the service bar. We watched as the bartenders consistently under poured the tequila and triple sec and over poured the sub-par sour mix for the entire restaurant. 
Not only is this a rip off, it made for an overly acidic and unbalanced margarita. After 2 canker sore inducing margaritas, we asked our bartender to fix the imbalance. She refused to serve us another cocktail and made comments about us to the other bartender directly in front of us. 
It is a shame; I liked the place, even though it was packed with Millenials, but I will not be ripped off and treated like a pariah because I dared to ask for a proper cocktail.First time here last night, I was impressed, that takes some work.  Arrived at the very end of happy hour so managed to get the first round at just $4 per margarita.  Margaritas were strong and not authentic. Had the chips with salsa and guacamole and the plato fiesta, which had an assortment of tacos, quesodillas, and toppings - all of them were fantastic!  Tortillas and chips were homemade and delicious and the pico was so good I could have just eaten it by the spoonful! Will definitely be back again soon - especially for happy hour!The description for 2 stars (Meh. I've experience better) is spot on for my thoughts on this place. At 8pm, there was about a 10 minute wait for a table of 4. We grabbed drinks at the bar and before we knew it our table was ready for us. I had ordered the only frozen margarita they offer which that day was pineapple, while my friend ordered the classic on the rocks. When our other friends walked in, one of them pointed to my glass and asked if it was baby food. My margarita was so frozen and thick that it needed some time to defrost before I could even drink it. 15 minutes later it was still grossly thick and I had to send it back. The waitress responded with "our machine over-freezes all the time". I wanted to respond with "well, maybe they should fix that" but decided to just drop it. We ordered and received our appetizers yet  we still didn't have water. We were told multiple times that they "ran out of glasses". We finally got water a few minutes before our meals came. Shortly after sitting down my friend ordered another margarita but it took a good 20-25 minutes...We were in the middle of our entrees by the time it came. 
The guacamole was ok, but nothing I'd go back there for.  I was happy to see it didn't have big pieces of tomato, but it also didn't have anything else to give it some flavor. We asked for some salsa with it and were charged 3.50 for chips&salsa. The queso fundido was probably my favorite dish of the night. Melted cheese and mushrooms with tortillas for dipping..how could that possibly be bad?  A friend and I split the camarones and the fish tacos and a side of corn on the cob. The camarones were tasty, but I did not enjoy staring at shrimp heads while I ate. The fish tacos were pretty bad-the fish was dry and and the fixins we asked for on the side were pretty bland. The corn on the cob did not come with a knife like every other restaurant that serves it. When we asked the waitress for a sharp knife we were told they don't have any. I should have just sent the corn back at that point, but I really wanted to try it. Luckily I was comfortable enough with the friends I was with to pick that corn up and go to town without being judged. If I was with anyone else that corn would have been sent back. 
I don't think I will ever return. I find it really hard to believe Steven Starr is willing to associate his name/brand with this place. If I didn't love other Starr restaurants before coming here, I probably would never step into one again.Waited an hour for a table, food was one dimensional in flavors, ordered the chicken enchiladas and they were pretty much huge chunks of dark meat chicken with no seasoning wrapped in tortillas. Sauce was boring. Guac is clearly made hours ahead of time and is served in two small ice cream scoops. Overpriced. Nothing comes with anything! There is better mexican out there.We were staying at the Sonesta for a quick overnight stay from Jersey...we walked and walked around looking for a bite to eat and came across El 
Rey, and we felt we hit the lottery! The atmosphere was fantastic, the food wonderful, the mango margarita , the best ever, and the service outstanding! 
On our next trip to Philly, we will be back!The quest for a fantastic margarita continues! 
I came here with a college friend so that we could get our pre-game on. It was totally packed, but I managed to get a seat at the bar while I waited for my friend to arrive.
The guava margarita was yummy, but not really worth the $8 I spent on it. The sangria, on the other hand, is to die for! Plus, their beer selection is decent.
One thing that ticked me off was that the hostess refused to seat me at a table until my friend arrived, even though my name had been added to the list. Much larger parties were seated before me--I guess good tips are more important than customer service?
Overall though, this is a nice place to kick back and relax. The atmosphere is dark and cozy. It's not the most authentic Mexican (obvious) but they do have delicious guacamole, which has to count for something!I've walked by this place a hundred times.  Upon a recommendation of a coworker and looking at reviews on Yelp, I'm truly sad I didn't come here sooner!!!  The atmosphere is fantastic; the decor, crowd, menu, bar, etc.  
Just missed Happy Hour (Damn, next time) and the place was about 90% full. 
I ordered the Alambre de Pollo, (Guacamole, Chicken, mushroom, bacon, poblano, onion, habenero cheddar, and flour tortillas, what?  Excellent flavor and presentation.  Service was extremely attentive and personable. I will be back!!!
Salsa could be a bit hotter...Just had an awesome lunch at El Ray in Philly
Had the Comida Corrida Fast Lunch, specifically the Chayote Salad and the Cecina Tacos. It's a seasonal dish that Steven recommended and DAMN!! Great reco.The burrito that I had was good.  The people that I was with seemed to have chosen something better than me and cheaper.  So, maybe I ordered wrong.  
My margarita was not anything special.Home-made nachos, short rib enchiladas, and guacamole...  How can you go wrong?  It is also one of the few places I have seen huitlacoche featured on the menu.  I really don't understand how anyone could give this place less than 4 stars.  The food was amazing--pretty inexpensive--and the staff was incredibly friendly.  Sure it looks like they got Tarantino's set designer to decorate the interior, but that is part of the reason why it is do great.  I live around the corner to what used to be Zarela's in NYC and I would love for a place like this to takeover that spot.  I actually passed along the rental info for the old Zarela's to the chef while I was there, just in case.With beans, rice and cheese to get creative with, how can you not have anything delicious and vegetarian at a Mexican place? We live a few blocks from here so we tried this place when it first opened, and were just really disappointed. Maybe it's just too hip for us, but the cheese tasted weird, and there were almost no vegetarian options. 
Cool dive-ish ambience, but seriously not worth it for the prices. We hoped to give it another try (about 2 years later) and went again last week, but the only thing we enjoyed eating were the average, yet expensive nachos. It's a tease to have a Mexican place this close with so few and unappealing options. Boo.My friends love everything El Rey, unfortunately anything with cheese doesn't love me, so I usually avoid it as well as anything else of similar cuisine, but El Rey saved me. It saved my life. Let me tell you of the (semi-condensed) tale of how El Rey saved my life (minus the dub step). 
It was New Year's Eve and I volunteered to make my famous guava marinated flank steak for a dinner party-party I was attending. I decided, as usual, to buy all of the ingredients after work at the last minute and put it together. This is easy in Chicago where I use to live in a delicious land of grocery stores that sold Guava and all of the produce were in Spanish with English translations- but it seems this is not the scene in Philadelphia. 
I went to Reading Terminal to only find guava Jelly, Trader Joe's to be met with eye roll and Mangos (no diss to TD, just Mango isn't Guava), four gourmet shops and one not so gourmet shop. I ended up yelping the word Guava and El Rey came up. I walked in looking a mess, with a million bags including 3.5 pounds of raw meat. This was the moment of truth. Do they have a half cup of guava, will they sell it to me or will I walk home looking even more homely. 
Not only did the friendly bartender with the most groomed mustache I have ever seen provide me with the needed ingredient, he wouldn't accept a dime for it and it felt like I was in a hipster version of 'Pay it Forward'. The guava was amazing- I don't know how they prepared it and how they came to that consistency, but it was perfect. 
El Rey is now in my good graces and the only place I will go to eat a taco sans cheese.I was waiting for Robert Rodriguez or Quentin Tarantino to step out from the back at any moment.  This place is located on the outskirts of Center City in a formal diner and its decor is very old school / no frills.  The walls are covered with 70's movie poster and they maintained the old diner's lunch counter and booths (it definitely doesn't resemble any of Steven Starr's other flagship restaurants).  The food is basic and inexpensive (lunch for 2 came out to $35 for guacamole, pork tacos, fish tacos, and 2 iced teas).Came in for dinner on a Saturday night.   Appreciated there was no wait.   Food was enjoyable and the prices were reasonableStarr does it again....
El Rey has a GREAT lunch special $9.99 gets you two courses and all you can eat chips and salsa.  I went with 12 people and everyone enjoyed their meal. 
I love their tamales and the guacamole  is fabulous!Amazing food.  Filling and extremely good. Vegetarian options!  Staff was great and food was quick!Delicious!  I had chips and guacamole to start and the chicken enchiladas as my entree. The enchiladas came with two, one with a red sauce and one with a green sauce. It's hard to say which one liked better, as they were both so flavorful!  The enchiladas are a good size but I would still recommend getting a side or appetizer to go along with it. The guacamole was a nice pair. 
When we sat down for dinner, we told our waitresses we wanted to go to the Ranstead room after dinner. She made a reservation for us, and after our meal, the manager escorted us to the speakeasy. What an awesome experience!  The staff was helpful and kind, our food was delicious, and the experience was unforgettable!Went with two other people at 7:30pm on the Wednesday evening before Thanksgiving.  The host was great; very welcoming.  We had about a 3 minute wait before we were seated in one of the back booths.  The place was filled with a mix of hipsters and families (lots of little kids), but I don't know if this their typical crowd or if it was just due to the holiday. 
Food was good, but not great.  It was worth the price.  We started with guac and chips; the chips were too salty for me, but the guac was good .  For drinks we ordered grapefruit soda with tequila, a mango margharita and a traditional margharita -- nothing really stood out.  I had the chilaquiles with a fried egg, which was silly on my part because I had already filled up on chips with the guac.  I would have preferred scrambled eggs and more salsa, but I was glad to see this on the menu.  My boyfriend had steak tacos (3 small soft tacos) with a side of corn on the cob (comes covered in butter, cheese and chile powder) and my mom had chicken tacos (3 small soft tacos) with a side of fresh corn cooked with butter and tomatoes, which was very tasty and a little spicy.  The taco dishes weren't large, but after all the chips and guac, we were all full by the end of the meal.
Service wasn't great -- our server spent most of his time flirting with the girls in the booth next to us.  Now, they were really cute, but come on -- make a date to see them later if you are so enamoured of them!  We had to ask for a glass of water three times before it was delivered to the table (well after the entrees were served).  It was also really noisy in there.
I would definitely return -- good value for the money, but this isn't going to be one of my favorite places.The food here is great but the service is horrible. The bartender's forgot all of our table's drinks and only concerned with her phone. I always try to give the benefit of the doubt however we were her only table! There was no excuse. On top of that she was super rude and did not check on our table not even once. We really enjoy the food here but its just not worth the miserable experience. We'll continue with dinning at el vez instead.el rey is a small modern mex restaurant on chestnut street. the happy hour specials are great with dollar tacos. certain things on the menu can be overly greasy. tables can be hard to get at times. i find this place has too much inconsistency sometimes things are great and then other times not so much. its a fun place to go with friends but mostly because of the yummy drinks/finger food.Pretty standard Mexican fare when it comes to the menus but where this place shines is it's happy hour! Cheap margaritas (be adventurous, go for the flavor of the day) and delicious $1 tacos! If you're vegetarian the cheese tacos with the "hot sauce" are pretty stellar.Queso fundido con chorizo y poblanos!  Need I say more ?!?!
Ok, I'll say more ... Chile en Nogada! The mix of flavors in this dish makes you wish it was a never ending plate !
The Habanero Sauce is hot for me (extra hot for you) and wonderful. 
Second time here and loving it. 
A great authentic Mexican place!
Buen provecho!I really like the vibe of Steven Starr restaurants and El Rey had a great design and decor, however, I didn't love the Mexican food.  I enjoy the cheap-no frills tacqueria tacos more than I did this version.Way overpriced ok mexican food. 
I'm not going to pull the California card, because of course there's no comparison, but lots of things annoyed me about this place.
First the good - the chorizo nachos were phenomenal. The corn on the cob side was awesome. 
The rest... the tortillas for the fish tacos were about the size of silver dollars, three to an order. $9 or $10 for an order of three, no beans or rice. The beans and rice are about $4 each as a side. They're the same tacos that are $2 at happy hour - the tiny "street" tacos. 
And no free chips and salsa.
Very small portions in general. 
Whatever you do, don't get the pitcher of margarita. $27 for a pitcher that fills maybe four glasses, you're better off ordering individual margaritas. Actually I would strongly advise you bypass the margaritas entirely, they're pretty weak too. Stick with beer here. 
Very nice wait staff though.Very friendly staff & tasty food! I love the guacamole, chips and chicken enchiladas! Reasonably priced and overall fun food experience.Really great value and pretty tasty Mexican. We had the huge and delicious Chayote salad to start which had a tasty lime dressing. I had the lamb burrito which I thought was pretty good- maybe 3.5 stars. It could use a little more lamb flavor- it could have been beef. Still, it was packed with tasty pickled vegetables which is a lot better for me than cheese and rice and came with some delicious guacamole. 
My girlfriend had the chicken enchiladas which she said were delicious and very authentic. We arrive Monday at 645 and had to wait 5 minutes but actually it seems like a good time to come because it was busy but not too crowded.Before coming to El Rey for the very first time, I had only heard rave reviews about the atmosphere and food. Walking in, I really dig the laid back feel of the place, especially in comparison to other Stephen Starr joints. I ordered the carnitas tacos and was beyond disappointed: portions were surprisingly small, and the meat that was in my tacos was mostly fat -- expected somewhat with carnitas but since the meat is diced/cubed and not shredded, the meal was a ton less appetizing and even with the sauce added, had virtually no real flavor. Super disappointed. May try again, but would not recommend.Nice ambiance. Busy on a Saturday night.  Vegetarian & Gluten Free options available!!! Food was very tasty.This place is okay for happy hour but that's about it. Every time I go I'm consistently disappointed by the food. The portions are really small and I always leave hungry. No free chips and salsa. Margaritas are decent. I would go again for happy hour ($4.50 margs and $1 tiny tacos) but not for dinner. And the service is really slow.This is a great spot (smaller than El Vez) for dates or catching up with friends. They have great drinks and food, plus a great happy hour with cheap items. It's easy to miss walking by but a cool place to check out.Very disappointed after my meal at El Rey today. Microwaved chilequilles that made me sick later in the day. Much better options fro this type of food in Philadelphia.