Great food, slightly over priced. Nacho mamas are great and so is the lobster.Being a Mexican that was born and raised in California has left me with a bit of a snobby complex when it comes to Mexican food. El Vez first and foremost, looks inviting and fun. Every time I walked by you would see these massive bowls of guacamole and it seemed like everyone was drinking margaritas. My mom and I tried to get a table but the wait was 2 hours and reservations were booked all the way into the next week. I decided next time I was in philly, I would call ahead and book a table. When I finally did eat there, I wasn't disappointed. The owner really put in the effort to keep the place authentic. The food was a little more gourmet than your average CA street taco man, but it was still delicious. The margaritas were strong and delicious and the guac was yummy too. Overall, a great experience.We were looking for a brunch spot, our first choice had to long of a wait so we tried this place. We never had Mexican themed brunch before, it was delicious! The service was good (not great but it met the need). It was not a long wait between ordering and getting our food. I would visit here again!We went here while on vacation in Philly last week. It was my favorite and most memorable meal of the trip! We had the original guacamole and it was amazing. I also had a delicious margarita. For dinner my boyfriend ordered chicken enchiladas which were really great, and i ordered the carne asada, which was the best thing of the whole meal. Michelle was our server and was really sweet! My boyfriend forgot his shopping bag there and they held onto it for us until we could come back the next day (in nyc where we live, that bag would have been gone!!!)I say this is the best/most creative Mexican food in Philly. For a college student or (poor) young professional, this is definitely a treat yo'self dining experience. But it's SO worth it!
Advice: 
1. This is my go-to margarita place, so definitely start with one! They're all wonderful, depending on your taste, and made with a generous amount of alcohol. I've had the original one as well as the pineapple margarita and both were delicious. 
2.Share some guac with your friends! De la hoya is my favorite! So fresh, and the chips are homemade and perfectly crispy.
3. Two Words: MACHO NACHOS. These are prepared in a large, skillet-type dish, so EVERY chip is nicely covered with toppings. Great for sharing between 3 or 4 people if you're all getting entrees as well. 
4. Try the Crispy Mahi Tacos for your meal! Beautiful presentation, fresh fish, and a complementary sauce that's the perfect combination of tang and spice. 
5. If you have room, order the corn on the cob as a side. This comes covered in cheese and savory spices. 
I've never had room for dessert at El Vez! Every time I leave, I'm happily full and already thinking about the next time I can go back!Overall a great menu, great atmosphere and great service. Really enjoyed eating here. 
Food: we ordered the Cesar Chavez guacamole which had Oaxaca cheese and pasila balsamic sauce as an appetizer. The guacamole had very unique flavors and the presentation was beautiful. For entree, I tried the chicken tacos which were deliciously seasoned and paired with a juicy salsa and a slice of avocado. The plate presentation was really beautiful as well. 
Atmosphere: the decor of the restaurant was really unique and beautiful - it's a very colorful restaurant. It's a loud environment since it seems to always be crowded and has a bar so if you are looking for a quiet sit down dinner I wouldn't recommend coming here. 
Service: the service was great, our waitress gave us ample time to order and was quick to get the food out to us despite it being crowded. 
My one tip is to make a reservation. We hadn't made one and were told it would be an hour and a half wait for 4 people at around 4pm on a Saturday which didn't seem to be a busy time for any other restaurants located near by. We were lucky and only ended up waiting about 20-30 mins and browsed the stores near by. So to be safe, definitely make a reservation if you don't want to wait!Being from Texas, I enjoy Mexican food and while traveling for work a co-worker found this place and fell in love!  I went twice while I was there and absolutely love the Chicken Tortilla Soup and I'm not a big soup person.  The Macho Nachos are big enough to serve 4 people and are better with Chicken than Beef.  They are famous for their different kinds of guacamole (I never had any but heard they were good).   I had the Blood Orange Margarita and it was pretty good.  
The place is a little pricey but is worth it.  Also they were kind enough to give us a call on our cell phone when our table was ready if there was longer than a 30 minute wait.
Kind of sad that I'm not traveling to Philly anymore because I will miss this place.The best blood orange margaritas. The sea bass tacos are amazing but small portions and pricey. Cool environment at the tables and bar. Must take a photo booth picture after a few margaritas and guacamole from the bar. Typically a very crowded environment from the bar to the wait.  Definitely make a reservationGreat atmosphere, good food, and delicious margaritas.I've only been here for the guac and mojitos to be honest, but neither disappoint. My favorite guac by far is the Cesar Chavez. I get it every time and the portion is  enough for a full meal. Hence why I only ever come for guac--I'm too full to order anything else.
However, I'm also too broke to order anything else. The prices are quite high. Also, you ALWAYS need to make reservations, and even if you get there on time, you're still waiting.
Atmospherically, the decor is nice, but it's always so loud. I find myself screaming at my friends whenever we're talking at the table.
I've come here a few times, but not often because of the price, the wait, and the loud ambiance. Though the mojitos are good, the guac is really the only thing that keeps me coming back.Always busy, always good food.  Can be somewhat touristy.  For a fun evening dinner with friends, highly recommended.  The wait for food, and a seats, and wait service are challenges.If you're looking for authentic Mexican food this isn't the spot, BUT it's still so damn good! The chips and guacamole were amazing. It's pretty pricey but worth it. I got a salad which I would not recommend as an entree it was basically just lettuce. But the vegan tacos were very delicious and the ambiance there is cool and lively. Nice place for a dinner with friends. They have a good selection of vegan/vegetarian items excepts the riceWe are new to the Philly area and had heard really great things about El Vez. We had a reservation last night at neighboring Lolita's but were a little early and figured we would stop into El Vez just to see what the typical wait is on a Friday night. We had checked out open table for reservations and didn't see any available so we were curious. 
We walked inside around 7:30 and were greeted by two restaurant hosts. They said hello and we asked what the wait was like. They told us it would be two-two and a half hours. I said "ok, no thank you, we just wanted to see about how long" and that we'd check back another time. As we turn to walk away,  one host says to the other audibly "YESS!" as though they were happy to not have any additional people on the waiting list. 
The encounter really disappointed us and kind of crushed any desire we had to make a reservation or even try the food in the future. As someone who has worked in the food service industry in the past, I can understand that having a long wait for your tables is stressful, however you should never leave potential customers feeling like you were ecstatic that they left.Enjoyed the brunch and margaritas at el vez. However, I would save a dinner for a different  resturaunt.Lovely place with very tasty food. Their guacamole is simply the best! Good selection of tacos and cocktails. Friendly servers, enjoyable ambiance. In brief, great Mexican place.Went on Sunday for brunch with my bf for the tortilla soup, it was  delicious. It's a shame the service was horrible this Asian girl to care of us, we ask for sugar for my caffe and she never brought it also she forgot to bring our chips... I won't stop going there bcs of the food I just wish the service was better. #foodamaizing #servicesucksGood food but can be really bad experience with worst waitress ever !
Our waitress was really bad, threw her attitude towards us. I don't know whether I would come again in the future as I was so pissed off
Don't recommend!!!'After an amazing experience at Buddakan, we decided to try a few more Stephen Starr restaurants hoping for the same experience, and have yet to be disappointed.
We arrived on a late Monday evening and were seated right away! Yay no wait!  We have walked by multiple times and see long waits quite a bit so this was a relief!  Ordered a pitcher of Margaritas that were good and strong.  They weren't the best I ever had, but they were up there.  For food, we ordered the classic guacamole which was very good as well and came in a larger size than I think we both expected.  My chicken quesadilla was very good.  The chicken was a pulled and marinated and was very juicy and tender and my date ordered the mahi mahi tacos which he said were perfect.  The restaurant itself has a great vibe which we really both enjoyed.  Solid food, solid prices for the quality of food, I would recommend this place.A great place for a celebration.  No, it's not authentic Mexican food, but what we had was well-prepared and tasty.  The guac has got to be the best in the city -- and I was happy to pay what they asked for some amazing crab guac.  Enchilada sampler was a little pricey, but tasty, especially the sauces (each different and each well-seasoned and flavorful).  My 18-year-old companion was thrilled with her grilled shrimp (fantastic seasoning) and crab tamale.  The orange flan is out of this world, as was my Zapata (vodka, strawberry puree, cranberry juice and basil).  I would seriously go back for guac, drinks and flan.  Perhaps El Vez isn't the best or the most authentic, but it was solidly good and really fun.I love El Vez. It's one of my favorite restaurants when I want strong drinks, good food and a fun atmosphere. I always get the Perfecto margarita. My friends and I always order pitchers. Their guacamole is one of the best I've ever tasted. I could eat it off of a boot, lol. Just about anything on the menu it good. I would definitely suggest this restaurant to anyone looking for a good night out.Great food, great service, one star off for being overpriced.
House made guacamole with mango and papaya was really good. Chips are fresh and delicious. The mahi tacos are great, although the portion is two tacos for $11. This place is more or less like Mexican tapas.
We actually went into this place on New Years Day thinking it was a diner. We decided to stay anyway and it was a good choice despite spending a bit more than we would have liked for lunch.El Vez is always a hit or miss for me. They have some of the best margaritas in town and their staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. But their food is never consistant. Sometimes I go and my meal is great, sometimes it doesn't live up to the last time. So, now I stick to getting the mexican chopped salad, which is even way to spicy sometimes.Have been here at least once a month and receive consistently good service, great drinks, and yummy food.
Service is always impeccable. Sometimes there's a wait, but it's a popular spot. Once seated, you're never waiting too long to see your server, and they are very good at refilling water and especially good at ensuring that you have enough cocktails and drinks. I'm not a tequila (and therefore margarita) fan, but I love their Pink Cadillac margarita! You can also get Corona on draft, which is the king of beers in my book. Their rojo sangria is sweet, but goes well with the spicy salsa that is served.
Consistently good food! The guacamole happily feeds a party of 5! No one is fighting for the last bits of scrumptious avocado.
Wide range of tacos to choose from and all have satisfied. I even got the Mexican chopped salad (with a side of beef) and it was HUGE.
The only thing that has been less than stellar were the enchiladas, which were made with a marinara tomato, and weren't quite what I had expected.
Otherwise, an obvious favorite of mine, and I take everyone who visits Philadelphia to El Vez.Fun place to go, above average Mexican food. Great nachos and quacDefinitely call ahead for a reservation! The food is amazing and if you like guac, you'll fall in love. I had the enchiladas, and they were next to perfection. Margaritas are great too! The staff are amazing too, extremely friendly and welcoming. I'll be coming back for sure.On one of the hot, hot days of the heat wave a few weeks ago all my friends and I wanted was a good margarita.  We walked all the way from Penn's landing to El Vez only to find that there was a supposed two hour wait for a table.  The crazy thing was that there were at least three tables empty throughout the place.  Luckily we snapped up three seats at the bar and got the margarita's that we needed to sooth our craving.  We also ordered one of their fancier guacs which wound up tasting just like regular guacamole.  Just OK.El Vez is definitely a destination restaurant in Philadelphia. I love El Vez as a place for celebratory occasions and impressing out of town guests. I particular love it as a happy hour place. The spacious bar, roomy atmosphere, and colorful decor is a great way to end a gray, dull work day. 
The service is always great and the host/maitre d' staff are always great. The front of the house is quick on its feet and I have always been seated quickly. 
While I prefer Mexican food from small tacquerias in South Philly, I have no complaints about the food. It's fresh and delicious and pairs perfectly with my cocktail of choice--usually margaritas.One word: MARGARITA!!!
I love coming here for early lunch, mid day lunch, dinner and late night. The atmosphere is fun and alive. The margaritas one some of the best qualities you will ever have. A pitcher, two or four between friends will surely fire up your night! The food is top quality, typical of a Stephen Starr Restaurant and the price also reflects that. 
This is my absolute go to when I have friends visiting from out of town. I've even had friends who came back to visit and wanted to return here so we did and have a blast. Nothing is more fun that coming here to get slightly tipsy and doing historical tour of Philadelphia. If you can make reservation, do it to avoid a possible wait.I came here for dinner and I was ready to eat a lot since I didn't have anything besides breakfast! We started with two kinds of guacamole, bazooka and Cesar Chavez! Oh man they were so good and I gotta say that bazooka was my favorite because I love goat cheese! Then i had the steak tacos, medium cooked and it was juicy and full of flavor! Then we ended the night with churros, they were hot and fresh, just the perfect way to end a very nice dinner!!!!My brother and I were very impressed with this restaurant- Delicious food, friendly service, incredible interior. 
We ordered the open face shrimp enchilada, macho nachos, and the taco tasting platter. The shrimp enchilada was tasty, but a little underwhelming. The nachos and the tacos on the other hand, were nothing short of flavorful. I never knew simple Mexican foods like these could taste so gourmet. I highly recommend these two menu options! 
Food is unreasonably overpriced, but the taste makes up for it. The staff know the menu very well and are great with recommendations. Ill definitely be back soon!Went here for a special dinner on a weekend trip. Food was good but service was pretty poor. Took an hour to get our food from the time we ordered. This was at 10 pm on a Saturday night when they were not as busy. Not sure I would return if I came back to Philly.Wow! I was so impressed by this place! This restaurant was on my list of must eats for Philly after reading the yelp reviews and being a huge Mexican food fan. El Vez did not disappoint. The food was amazing and fresh! We had the guacamole with mangos, red bell pepper, jicama and habanero peppers. It was unique and fantastic! We went during brunch time and my plate of huevos sopes which was basically a Mexican version of eggs Benedict was incredible. I also highly recommend the mahi mahi tacos....one of the best fish tacos I've ever had. Their menu items are Mexican dishes but with a unique flair. Put this on your list too!Love this place.
Best mojito ever.
Reminds of my good times in Mexico.I was blown away by the freshness of the guacamole, the taste and flavor were apt to make me float away. Freshly fried chips with a side of homemade salsa with just the right amount of smokey heat. For guac alone I give a hundred stars.
Drink prices, average for the area. Drinks were ok, not the best I've ever had. I had a "shrimp quesadilla" which was extremely tasty, I mean DELICIOUS! However... for $11... it was literally the size of a taco tortilla shell... the kind you get in an Old El Paso dinner kit. I'm torn about how I feel about that. Flavor, outstanding. Portion to value, sad face. Fact that I was downtown and probably should expect as much.... I'm not sure.
Which makes me saddest of all that I went to use the ladies' room... and my leftover was scooped up and tossed. Not necessarily the fault of the server, no one else at the table spoke up to save my $3.50 quarter of a quesadilla (after tax and tip).
The atmosphere is really loud, at least close to midnight on a Saturday. Definitely not a conversational type environment, though perhaps at other times of day it is.
I believe I'd come back, but just to hang out and eat the heck out of that guacamole.So everybody who goes here gets the guacamole.  It comes out with chips and salsa.  All is good.  But who needs food (the entrees tend to be overly small) when you get all of this?  First time I ate here I got an entry, and then couldn't eat it all.  This time I just got the Guacamole.  The prices are a tad high, but worthwhile due to the popularity of the restaurant.  The decor is kind of funky...not what I would call Mexican, and it does tend to be noisy, but the service has always been good.  
PROS:  Guacamole and chips are outstanding.
CONS: Funky decor, a bit loud, small portions on entrees, and relatively expensive.El Vez is Terrific-!  I was visiting from Los Angeles & when my brother wanted to take me for Mexican, I'm afraid I arrogantly set my sights pretty low-  I have eaten terrible Mexican food all over the world, & was expecting more of the same, But El Vez served me food made with wonderful ingredients, and lovingly prepared-  We shared a Crab Salsa and chips appetizer, that had big chunks of pretty nice crab, and cactus (nopales?) in a casera style fresh salsa-
   I also had Carnitas tacos, that were wonderfully fatty, tender, and tasty- really surprisingly good !!   I will return for sure-  El Vez is a gem, and is far better than many of LA's popular Mexican spots-Ordered Mahi Mahi tacos, chicken and pork tacos.. Everything was made different from each other and everything tasted absolutely delicious.. This place has got great ambience and Awesome service. Definitely recommend itI heard all the hype about this place... I mean I don't really get it. The food is good but nothing I'm dying to go back for... service kind of sucked , forgot stuff ,brought everything out at once ... I'm in no rush to go backThis is my favorite Mexican restaurant in center city! The atmosphere is vibrant and both food and drinks are solid. I always get one of the guacamole's, the Indian Red Lopez is one of my favorites with crab meat.  Margaritas are great, if you sit at the bar and order a pitcher, the bartender will refill your glass without you realizing - I particularly love that service.
Their photo booth is an added bonus, after a margarita it is always fun to take pictures with friends in the booth.  Great place to go with friends or even on a more casual date.Guacamole was 5 star but overall it was great experience. There was a 1 hour wait for dinner but they called us on our cell once the table was ready. This was great as it allowed us to shop the near by stores. Make a reservation if you can ahead of time.So my boyfriend and I had a gift card for here and we were excited to try it out. However you should most definitely make reservations ahead of time so we waited like 45 minutes to and hour for a table. I tried the dish of variety enchiladas and I did not like it at all. I did love the Tamarind tea. It was something different from sweet tea but has a very unique flavor profile. Also the atmosphere felt like if you weren't having alcohol then you weren't enjoying your visit. Our server was very nice and very helpful when answering any questions we had about the menu. We probably won't be going back.Stumbled upon El Vez while visiting Philly with my boyfriend and was pleasantly surprised. Nice colorful decor, great tequila selection and super crunchy tortilla chips (the best!) I got the chopped salad with grilled shrimp and it was fresh and plentiful. Would return.I stopped by El vez during restaurant week and couldn't argue about the price for the deal they gave us. Their tuna is by far one of my favorites and would love to try again if I get a chance. Although most servers were busy they were a to stop by here and there to help out. The bill came out to $407.00 because of the big group but was kinda upset that the last entrée I wasn't able to finish nor take home. I asked the waiter but they just took it away. Overall great restaurant, waiters just need to listen moreSuper tasty cocktails, guacamole, apps (tuna tostada) and mahi mahi tacos...however, very pricey, crowded. A fun novelty restaurant, and the token Starr experience. Get a group together and snag a big velvet couch. Bring dollar bills for the black and white photo booth shenanigans and not too much modesty for the shared-sink bathrooms. Funky decorations abound; it's a colorful experience, sure to be enhanced by psychedelics, or you can just spend a fortune on their cocktails for a similar if less refined type of effect.Spendy place. Prices were a bit steep for the portion size and quality of food. We ordered the pitcher of margarita because each single drink was about $10, which is a bit absurd considering the amount of alcohol in them were minimal. Ordered the chicken and beef tacos for two which came will all the fixin's and sauces on the side. The actual dish came out in a nice bit pot which was a great way to present it. The food was good but not amazing and definitely not worth the price. They gave us 8 tortillas but the meat could only make maybe 6 tacos and the rest of the pot was full of veggies. Mind you the veggies were delicious but I come from the south and the protein is suppose to be the star. 
Could not complain about the staff, super friendly waitress and hostess. We were fitted in and were told that the table was needed at a certain time, so they were upfront before seating us. Very professional and they were busy. The decor was cute, it was definitely a hipster vibe, would not call it Hispanic in origin but I liked the vibe of the venue. Large and small tables with booths. Open spaces, bar in the middle. Not too dark or bright. Overall, 5 stars for decor and staff, but only 2-3 stars for food, prices, portions, and absolutely no parking except for street (but of course it is the city so it is expected).This is a great Mexican restaurant. Guac and chips for appetizer is a must. Our waitress was so attentive and recommended the perfecto margarita which was great. A group of three and one pitcher was enough.  We had the chicken and adobo chicken tacos. The meat was well seasoned. I definitely recommend this place for a good sit down dinner and great Mexican food.Visited during the middle of a Saturday afternoon.  Ambiance was very bright and lively.  Service was prompt.  Chips and salsa were good.  Tried the chicken tacos and the mahi mahi tacos, both were very good.  Definitely not worth a special trip to Center City, but a solid option when in the neighborhood.Loved the trio guac taster!  Ordered from brunch menu and waffles and huevos rancheros are a must!  The bloody mary has high reviews but I personally thought it was way too spicy- like the bottom half of the glass was cloudy with pepper and I coughed after every sip!  But I guess a lot of people like it like that?  Also had the corn rice, fried yuca and corn on cob were delish.This is the hipsterest Mexican place you will find in Philly! Very cool decor with retro velvet wrap-around couches and a slick bicycle motif.  The appetizers were large and tasty, recommend the "macho nachos."  The entrees were kind of dinky but also quite tasty.I really really enjoyed this place!! The drinks were delish and strong! The decor was funky and cool.  The food was freshly prepared and excellent.  My family and I were happy with the cost as well as the perfect amount of food served.  I think it is a cool place to hang out with friends and drink as well.  Our waitress was the best.  She was patient and knew the menu well.  You would think that that would be a given for a waitress at a restaurant , but believe me it is not. The bathrooms were clean and had a cool set up with a unisex hand washing area. I look forward to returning to this place.Only stopped by for a quick drink.  It was good.  The tortilla chips were amazing and the salsa was a bit spicy, which I like :)This place is way overrated. Had the chop salad, huge pieces of Romain lettuce barely chopped, some random vegetables, and an awful bland vinaigrette. I told the bartender it was no good, she replied with "huh" and threw it in the trash. That was the extent of the follow-up I received. She didn't even ask if I would like it remade. Meanwhile, there were at least three managers standing around talking with each other, not one of whom checked on my satisfaction. 
This is my third bad experience in a row at El Vez. Over it.I love this place. I'm from Philly and I agree that it's a trendy- cool place to go. I also agree that it is a bit overpriced but the food has great flavor and I keep going back. I love ALL mexican food from the gourmet to the basic. The guacamole here is amazing, both the classic one and the other innovative ones are worth trying. It always hits the spot. The food can be rich so be prepared for that. I'm also a fan of the chopped salad. I get it every time. 
I also appreciate the bright colors and party-like atmosphere of this place. It is loud and the bar is often crowded but most of the tables are far enough apart that you don't feel cramped. For the most part the service is great and I've never felt rushed. 
Advice for first timers: make a reservation. At least a few days in advance if you want to go on the weekend.Really enjoy this place.  The food is solid and they give nice portions.  Also, even though it can get crowded in the evenings at both the restaurant and bar, they have an effective txting system to notify you when you're table is ready.  This allows you to go grab a drink while you wait at nearby bars.Their tortilla soup is one of my favorites next to their guacamole. Everything is tasty and fresh.Step 1 = make a reservation, gets extremely busy and having a reservation ensures you get a table
Step 2 = get a drink to start
Step 3 = order the nachos.  The portion is huge.  It comes hot, the amount of different flavors and toppings makes this absolutely amazing.  The chips are crisp and delicious.  Try it for yourself.
Step 4 = order the tacos al carbon, the portion is huge and absolutely delicious.  If you finish the vegetables, no worries, they refill it for free...The steak is tender and juicy.  Cooked to perfection, medium rare is the way to go and it ALWAYS comes out medium rare. The shrimp is loaded with flavor, cooked to perfection.  I have never had over cooked or under cooked shrimp here.  
Step 5 = stop reading this and go to step 1El Vez = El Fun!
Great food, fun atmosphere and yummy drinks.
Sure, it's a Stephen Starr "production" so you can expect the crowds and the hype, but why not relax and just roll with it. The nachos are great for sharing with the table while you sip on a drink and watch the crowd go by. Undeniably, this is a great spot for people watching.I'm not a native, but have traveled to Philly twice and both times have eaten at El Vez. Neither time was the food particularly memorable. However, the decor is very interesting and memorable. 
It came highly recommended. Its an interesting place, but it did not rock my world.The food and drinks are expensive.  The cheapest pitcher of margaritas is $36.  Food is decent.  My friends and I go here purely for social situations only.This is a trendy Mexican restaurant.  I'm originally from the West (where Mexican food is a staple), so I have mixed feelings about charging that much for classic Mexican dishes at a trendy place...  However, El Vez has a really great atmosphere, and the food is also delicious.  It's difficult to get really great Mexican food on the East Coast, and this place offers classic dishes with inspired twists to them.  I enjoyed the pork and fish tacos for my entree.  The guacamole and salsa appetizers were also delicious.  The Margaritas yummy.  The atmosphere was lively and fun, and the food was great.  In sum, El Vez is expensive for a traditional Mexican restaurant, but it doesn't fit that description.  This is "inspired" (New American) Mexican and Southwest food.  So, come here for fun experience!We came to have lunch at El Vez and it didn't disappoint.  We ordered their margarita and guacamole.  The margaritas were ok.  Not sure what all the hype is about.  The guacamole was pretty good but not the best I've ever had.  
Now onto the meal.  I got the chicken tacos.  OMG!!!   These were freaking delicious!!!  The flavor was spot on and I absolutely love little street tacos.  
My husband got the black bean enchiladas, he said the sauce was different but good.  He enjoyed them.
Another plus is it's not kid unfriendly.I consider it a shame that I haven't eaten dinner here yet.  However, I offer three words: Blood Orange Margarita.I've enjoyed El Vez in the past, but tonight was not so good. Shrimp on the tacos was tough and flavorless, tasted pre-frozen. The first margarita i had was waaaay too sweet and tasted pre-mixed. I asked the waiter to recommend a different margarita that was more citrus and less sweet, and he made a good recommendation, but the bartender overfilled and oversalted the glass, and my marg was more saltwater that anything else.  Stephen Starr knows better. Wheres the attention to detail that ElVez used to have? Maybe the perpetual crowds have made them complacent.AWESOME place.  First time I visited here was in August.  Now, I frequent this bar almost every time I am in the city!  Blood orange margaritas?  yes please!   I even tried to recreate these in my own house, to no avail. 
I have never been disappointed with El Vez.  Always has lots of people, great food (guac!), yummy margaritas and a photo booth!  BONUS!My girlfriend and I came here after a work meeting on a Friday night. It was absolutely packed. The wait was about 2 hours. Fortunately we were able to find seating at the bar within 15 minutes. They serve the full menu at the bar so we decided to eat there. 
We started off with a pitcher of the El Vez margarita. I was expecting it to be really sweet but it was a perfect balance of sour to sweet. Next we ordered "Bazooka" Limon gauc per the servers recommendation. Goat cheese with gauc sounds weird but OMG it was the perfect combination. The creaminess of the goat cheese with the avocado paired perfectly. For dinner we ordered half the Mexican Chopped Salad and Taco Tasting Platter. The half order of the salad was massive. The tacos were a usual size. Enough for each of us to have one bite of each. We subbed the carnitas for a veggie taco. I would say the sea bass was my favorite one. The fish was perfectly cooked and seasoned. It didn't taste fishy. 
Overall this was a great place to go on a friday night. The food is good, the service is ever better and the decor is fun. I would def recommend going here if you're in the food for Mexican. It's worth the wait if you can't find bar seating!Very lively location. Reservations recommended. Had a great time. I shared a shrimp tacos al carbon. It was fantastic with all the trimmings. We got it for two but fed three. In other words, the portion was big which justified the price by a lot.  One of my friends said that the name is the way Mexicans referred to Elvis. El vez. I just that that was funny good.Was in Philly on vacation...walked by on Friday, Saturday, Sunday- and everyone seemed happy, enjoying their time so I told my daughter we were going to stop by! And so we did...amazing atmosphere and the classic guacamole is just like home in LA! Margaritas were delicious and they had a nice tequila kick to them! Staff was sweet and friendly. Recommend to anyone visiting downtown Philly!#1 tip: make a reservation! This place is very crowded from late afternoon on, including the bar. While it's probably more well known for cocktails and dinner, my friend and I work in the area and sometimes go to El Vez for lunch. They have a lunch special where you get two items that can be mixed and matched from the menu and a soft drink for a reasonable price.  We generally have no problem getting a seat at lunch time and the service is fast enough that we aren't gone for too long.The guac trio here with crab, pineapple, and goat cheese were delicious. Especially the crab guac. It was different and I enjoyed it. The orange margarita was only delicious and the service was decent. It is a nice place for date night or friends night out.Only stopped in for a drink since we couldn't get a table for over an hour and fourty-five minutes.
Had a margarita on the rocks and wow-wee was it a drink! The ambiance was great and a smart stop for happy hour.  I wish we were able to have dinner but I guess next time we will go prepared to wait.I went there for lunchtime. It was so packed that I had to make a reservation a week before to get in. I really like the modern ambiance of the restaurant; colorful and lively. The place was a little pricey but was worth it. The chips and salsa were delicious and the chips were fresh. They had many different and unique kinds of salsa which looked amazing but I did not try them. The mole sauce on the enchiladas was delicious and sweet with a small kick to them. The plating was amazing as well with medium sized portions. Overall, I would give this place 8/10 and I would definitely go back for the dinner service.Horrible service while sitting at the bar. The margarita was "okay" but the staff was rudeI had to go for a work function, but there are worst things than never ending margaritas.  The decor is spot on as in all of Mr. Starr's establishments.  The guac is basically a must and you can tell it is made to order.  
The Caesar salad was surprisingly good.  I also enjoyed the mushroom quadrille and corn on the cob.  I will definitely have to go back and choose my own menu since there were so many things that sounded good.Good place to share a pitcher of pomegranate  margaritas. food and service are ok.This is a great way and party spot lol. Trust me when you go at night on the weekend you will understand. The drinks and food are good.My daughter and I have visited this establishment before and were very pleased.  So we made our way there again. It was super crowded and very noisy, which is expected. We opted to sit at bar, rather than wait a half hour for a table. (Plus that, I always like the more personalised service at bar.) 
We were quickly and amicably greeted and seated. Their prices are a bit high(hence 4 stars) but I love the place, the ambiance, the bathroom area(with the common sink) oh, and the delicious food. This time the guac tasted a little different and not as tasty. But the quesadillas and the mahi mahi tacos did not disappoint, at all.El Vez was fantastic- as a lover of Mexican food, this was such a treat.WE LOVE EL VEZ. For about two months straight, my boyfriend and I were coming here every Friday night. We have always just gone without a reservation and waited at the bar while having one of their great margaritas. The wait is never as long as they say it will be; usually on a weekend night they say somewhere between 1-2 hours and the most we've ever waited was probably 30 minutes. I always order a strawberry margarita, which isn't on the menu, but it's probably my favorite and I believe it's a few dollars cheaper than the options listed. Their carnitas tacos and tinga quesadilla are my faveeee! Portions aren't huge but the flavor makes up for that. 
On top of their great food and drinks, the service is always on top of things and friendly. They make sure you're drink is always full and the atmosphere is perfect for having a good time and laughing out loud. No one will here you because everyone is doing the same and having a great meal! We've always had good experiences here and we'll keep coming back for more.Can't go wrong with a delish blood orange marg and some banging guac.I finally made it to El Vez, after years of hearing and seeing check-ins on facebook about this restaurant.  
The decor is retro, funky, fun. As other yelp reviews have said, it is loud. 
Margaritas are probably my most favorite cocktail. I was excited to try the El Vez original and pink Cadillac.  Both were good, but I've had better.  Nothing to rave about honestly. 
The guacamole on the other hand was delicious. I would highly recommend ordering this appetizer, which is a very generous portion.
For my main course I got the shrimp tacos.  They were very light and fresh.  It was just enough, especially after the guacamole and drinking margaritas. 
Overall, I think this place is slightly over rated.  It is good food and a fun atmosphere, but I can think of a hand full of Mexican restaurants that are just as good or even better.Believe every good review you have read about this place. It's the best Mexican of my life. Three musts for a visit 1) make a reservation because it's always packed, 2) order the house Rita to get a feel for the place, 3) always start with a grauc! The staff is also attentive and great. We were the only people to sit outside the night we visited and we were still treated like kings!The ambience was cool and the space was pretty big. The staff was friendly. It did take a very long time for our drinks to come but the food came pretty quickly. The tacos are very small, if you are hungry you need to order a lot of food here. The guacamole was very good and was a pretty decent size. 
Overall it was a good experience the food was good but nothing to brag about. The bathrooms might be the weirdest I have ever been in. They aren't labeled well so you walk downstairs and see a bunch of sinks. You have to look around to find the right door to go in.Good service. The snapper was delectible, (slightly spicy, suculent) and the drinks are strong (I had a marguerita-- very satisfying!). Ordered the flan again for dessert...smooth, creamy, with a touch of orange. The atmosphere and the interior  design are hip and youthful. My only complaint: the place is loud and boisterous. Don't try to have an intimate conversation here.Food and service were excellent for a busy Saturday night. We arrived around 8 without reservations and found a 2.5 hour wait for a table. Decided to stalk the bar for 10 minutes and got two seats quickly. I had the chicken and mahi-mahi tacos. Both were excellent. She had the Mexican chopped salad which was also excellent. Give it a try if you're in the area.El Vez is okay... Mexican is one of my favorite cuisines, and while everything here is decent, nothing blows me away. The price point is a little high, but I still go anyway because the amount of Mexican to choose from in Philly is very limited. Margaritas are pretty good but nothing TOO special. However, the atmosphere is really fun and while nothing is ever AMAZING I haven't ever had anything that has been bad. But for upscale Mexican I would choose Distrito over El Vez. Only thing is it is pretty out of the way for most.Sometimes I just crave the Chips and Salsa.
I love this place - I have been meaning to write a review for them for a while. The staff is great too! Can't go wrong here - great food & great people.This Stephen Starr place is a real find.  It's special enough to be a go-to destination, but situated in just the right spot and laid-back enough to be a neighborhood hangout.  I love the fresh guacamole and chips, the "macho nachos" and the various other tapas-like dishes.  You can either eat inexpensively or splurge a bit and go all out.  My friends and I like to sample the drink menu and I know a few people (including myself) that swear by the frozen pineapple margarita.  FYI, the mojitos are good, but very inconsistent.  Stick with their signature drinks on the menu.A Philadelphia staple. Guac is good, salsa is good, enchiladas are good, tacos are good, location is good, atmosphere is good, service is good, price is alright. 
All in all, a good restaurant, but come to think of it there are a lot of close substitutes: Distrito, Alma de Cuba, El Rey, etc.Two of us came and split a pitcher of the Blood Orange Margarita (tasty, but didn't really taste like blood oranges), the Bazooka Limon Guacamole (delicious!  I think the goat cheese and pistachio really made the dish), and Sea Bass Tacos (good flavor although I didn't love the actual taco).  We were totally stuffed with good food and will be back!The drinks are good and the food is okay. You are really paying for the atmosphere which is fun for large groups or even for a date night! 
All in all, you can find a lot of better food options in the same area, but great for a margarita!Great margaritas. Ok service. I ordered the fish tacos, which were tasty but the grease kept my appetite down the next day. The guac was great. The canned beans and instant rice were surprisingly disappointing because both are easy prepare from raw and everything else seemed to be made from scratch ingredients. I'd go back for drinks and guac but then would probably go somewhere else for the meal.$13 for guacamole is criminal, but El Vez has what I think are some of the best Salads in town, that is, the Mexican Chopped Salad.
Otherwise, always good and predictable food and excellent ambiance. Yet, the place always seems a bit more expensive than what you get, so order wisely, or you will pay, literally!Good Starr restaurant to appease the crowds. Always great service when I've been at happy hours, dinners, and a rare brunch. 
I'd still rather take foodie-types into the heartlands of Philly's neighborhoods for great Mexican cuisine but this appeases the masses. 
I have to acknowledge that I have always had great service here over the last 10 years.Delicious, we were not disappointed by anything and were actually surprised by how great everything tasted. The margaritas were awesome too. Awesome atmosphere very upbeat and clean. Wait service was very attentive also. Definitely give this place a try.We have been there a few times since this summer. But we have learned our lesson by now and should never think we can walk in there by chance to get a table. We have stopped by around 6pm for dinner and there would be empty booths/tables, but we would have to wait 1.5 hrs if we didn't call in with a reservation first. And if they want to seat us, they like to put us at those small tables that are in the middle of the walk way where all you see is everyone else's butts in your face during happy hour. I mean, I don't understand why the hostess would expect people to say, oh yeah sure, I like looking at people's behinds while I sip a margarita. 
Anyways, their food is actually pretty good though pricey. (Yes we are spoiled Texans and just missed Mexican food so much that we stopped by here.) I like their salsa with crab and also their guacamole looks really good. We shared the fajita meal once and we were STUFFED. They brought out a stove pot that is sizzling hot with the meat in it. Then comes the tortilla, salsa, guac, sour cream, cheese and pico. We have also had the enchilada sampler and that is pretty good too. Cheesy!
So the lessons learned are: Call in for reservation specifiying a booth or a table in the back, dress cute to compete with the snooty hostesses but make sure you wear something loose enough so you can eat a lot and still be comfortable.The hostess was very kind while I waited for my friend to arrive. It was definitely a good start to the night. Once seated, our server was timely and the drinks (guava mojito and red sangria) were good. We ordered the original guacamole and honestly, that could've been my entire meal it was so good!!! I ordered the camarones ajillo which was flavorful but I also added red rice and refried beans to the mix. Bad decision. Not much flavor at all. 
Overall a good experience but somewhat forgettable. The guacamole, guava, and ambience, saved this place...This restaurant is #bae. Oh my gosh - blood orange margarita, plantains, and shrimp enchilada are to die for. The best Mexican restaurant (including restaurants *in* Mexico) that I have ever eaten at. Do not hesitate - this is an absolute treat.Been here numerous times. Guacamole is a must. Love the tacos al carbon. ..superior take on fajitas. Corn on the cob is just like I've had in Mexico. Only downside is the noise level. Much prefer to eat outside and people watch.As I have mentioned before, Midtown is one of favorite sections of Philly. El Vez contributes to that reason. Each time I visit here I always get the Zapata drink. I am a sucker for guacamole and the Bazooka Limon is a must. Is this place pricey? Yes, of course. You are paying for a Stephen Starr experience! The ambiance is so cool. Don't forget to get your friends together and take pics in the booth!Love this place, the service is always great. El Vez ALWAYS has at least a 45 min wait no matter what time you get there, they're always booked and busy. In the summer you're able to sit outside because they have seating on the sidewalk. The inside is dimly lit but spacious. There's a photobooth in the back and you can actually post the photos in the restaurant. Please try the blood orange margaritas! They are a must have!Definitely the best blood orange frozen margarita Ive eve had hands down!!!
For apps we tried the original guac and the melted manchego dip. Both were very flavorful - be aware that the portions of the apps are HUGE! For an entree we shared the tacos for two with shrimp and steak. The shrimp was a little spicy and the steak was very tender. Service was very good - she checked in on us multiple times. Food took a little while to come out but it was okay because we were chatting away.  
Would definitely return.Ive been looking forward to trying this place, the interior is awesome and the atmosphere is very cool so today me and my husband were on a walk and decided to stop by and try it. Firstly, idk why everyone raves about their gauc. It isnt fresh. You can tell its store bought kind mixed in with some chunks of avocado. There was no cilantro and barely any lime so it tasted very blah. And it was $14!! What the heck!!
Secondly, their mahi mahi tacos were just average. The sauce was lazily placed just in the middle so i barely tasted it... And there were 2 tacos for like $15.. Not worth it.
Thirdly, which i was very upset about. Was the waitress totally rushes us. Our food was brought out in a matter of minutes ans she not once checked on us or said can i get you guys anything else? I already drank my soda and my husband drank his beer and she gave us the check without asking if we wanted anything else?!? We came to relax not eat in less than 10 minutes and get out. My goodness ive never experienced that before. I was super annoyed so i left her a note on the check because who does that? If we had better service i might have liked the place better..
What a waste of our time and money. Sad el vez!!!Went with my lady friend on a taco date to El Vez after we learned the devastating news that Rosewood (attached to Woody's) closed this week.  El Vez is a much pricier taco spot then Rosewood was but it's nice that they sell booze.  My overall critique is that they are quite pricey and I am just not a big fan of spending a lot on dinner, especially tacos which are just as delicious for a couple of dollars at Taco Bell.  With that being said, I got a nacho platter which was quite large and tasty and the service was good.Locale in centro a Philadelphia, non propriamente messicano, ma comunque molto gradevole. Forse un po' cacofonico. Una birra, un margherita e un appetizer in due (porzione enorme), davvero buono. Ottima opzione. Consigliato!The popularity at El Vez is no joke. My friend and I came on a Monday night for dinner and it was packed. Thank goodness we made a reservation beforehand. 
Two of us shared "Bazooka" limon Guac (with goat cheese), Brussels Sprouts and Taco Tasting Platter. The platter had five tacos. My friend also had tortilla soup. It was more than enough food. Their Horchata was tasty as well.  
It's a great date or group outing spot. Worth a visit!Last night we were a group of seven celebrating my son's 30th birthday and decided to go for drinks at El Vez - somewhere my son frequents often. We arrived at 11:30 and ordered drinks etc. at 1:45 they announced last call so everyone around the bar ordered another drink.  At 1:50 the GM announced in a loud crass tone that everybody had to finish their drinks and leave the bar by 2:00. Everybody looked at each other in amazement- why do last call at 1:45 if you want your bar cleared by 2:00. At 1:55 he bellowed "everybody clear the bar!"  Let me say this - it will be forever before I ever go back there!Went there for my friends birthday dinner during restaurant week. We all ordered the pre-fixe menu and EVERYTHING was delicious, except for the soup.  TOO spicy.  Server was accomodating and patient with our large group!Started a Philly Funday Sunday here with brunch....crab bloody mary, regular bloody, huevos rancheros, guac, and nachos.  Don't worry, I was with friends, so I didn't eat it all myself.  
The regular bloody Mary was delicious...the crabby one needed more salt, and was lacking garnish!  I like a bloody mary with so many veggies shoved into it that I can't see the ice cubes...so I was very happy to see lemon/lime/olive/celery in my second drink....whereas myfirst was just vodka, bloody mix, and crab......hm.
My huevos rancheros were all I hoped they could be...delicious chorizo, fresh ranchero sauce, ohhhh so tasty.  I wish I could eat huevos rancheros every day.  And only $8 !!!  I was MUCHO pleased.
Our waitress was excellent, the guac was fresh, the chips were REALLY good...thicker than normal chips, but I really like them that way!overpriced and with a clubby crowd that i find uninteresting.  El Ray better suits me.I don't understand why this place is so popular.  If you have working taste buds you'd know this place is so over hyped. They try to make fancy Mexican food,  but all they're doing is  serving tacos that taste worse than street tacos,  putting them on fancy plates,  and slapping on a price tag 4x higher than it should be.  Drinks are decent,  but again,  nothing too special.  Now I would say the food is 2 stars,  but because the service is always nice, they get 3.In town on a business trip. Highly recommended by a colleague. We were visiting from Los Angeles- where we know Mexican food. Sorry to say that very, very few restaurants anywhere on the east coast can do good Mexican food. 
Well, El Vez (named for a Spanish Elvis impersonator- not anything that can be translated into English) is the exception. It is a very lively, busy place with a 45 minute wait on a Tuesday night. 
The guacamole is a signature item with 5-6 tasty options. The chips were delicious & authentic. We shared a Queso Fundido with Chorizo and it was excellent. The portions are people-sized not giant-sized. 
The Tacos are served on a trio plate, a la carte. The Carne Asada were absolutely excellent. The pork were good. 
As others commented, the blood orange margarita is one of the bestbive ever had. Truly delicious!  Great experience!A very cool environment and change from the typical Mexican restaurant. Food was very tasty but a bit pricier than other Mexican places, especially for the portion. But you get what you pay for. Small but delicious!  We split a few items And had some drinks. Staff were nice but super busy.Excellent service. Awesome vibe. Beautiful neighborhood. The food is as far from Mexican as Mexico is from Philadelphia. My bad.This place is cool but so mismanaged... I hate that it takes an hour just to get a seat... A bit cornyTrendy loud atmosphere. Good drink selection. Awesome guac and chips. I had the fried mahi mahi tacos and loved their novel twist.I've been here at least 4 times now and have not had a bad meal. The Pibil Pork Tacos are incredible. You only get three which kind of sucks (just the tacos, no sides), but they are absolutely amazing. 
The Gaucamole is pretty good, nothing to die for evn though that's how they push it on you. Margaritas are good, they aren't stingy with the alcohol. 
I recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good atmosphere and great food. Service has always been great as well.Okay, I am not a huge Mexican food fan, but was excited to try El Vez, as i have heard great things about the margaritas and the guac. We started with the blood orange margaritas, and the original / traditional guac. I will say the guac was pretty good, and the blood orange margaritas were delicious as well.  We followed that with a pitch of traditional margaritas on the rocks and ordered our entrees. I ordered the chicken chile enchiladas, and my friend got the carne asada. Both meals were good, nothing spectacular but a solid 3 star experience. They might earn 4 with the decor and the margs, but the place is just too expensive for what you get, so im sticking with 3.Went here for a date night right before I was leaving for Dublin for 4 months in January, and it was one of the best places we've been to! We spilt the chips & salsa to start which came with 3 different types of salsas which were ALL delicious! We got the tacos for two as an entree (shrimp & beef). I had never had shrimp tacos before and I was blown away!! The food came out on a hot skillet and was "make your own" so you could put any of the toppings that came along with it on yourself to your liking. This was a very fun, casual, and different date night that still was very romantic-will definitely be back!Found this place while parking for the street fair.  Started with the blood orange Margarita and the classic el vez quac.great start.  I had the sea bass tacos as recommended.  We had the enchiladas and shrimp tacos.  For the price we have had better elsewhere.Having been back a few times since my last review, I have to give El Vez an extra star. It's just such a *fun* restaurant. Having had more of their food, I can say that I've changed my mind on the value for money. I love the guacamole and I love all of the tacos. 
That said, the wait times seem to have become even more miserable and reservations are extremely tough to secure for dinner. Worse, the place is very loud when crowded, unless you are seated in one of the large booths in the back. 
Still, I would recommend El Vez for a once-in-awhile fun night out.I went back to El Vez and sat at the bar with a friend for drinks and dinner. It was during restaurant week so the place was packed. We decided to just order a guac and the macho nachos to share. There was SO MUCH FOOD. We didn't finish either item, and this was dinner, not just appetizers! The nachos were delicious with a very tasty and flavorful shredded beef. The guac was awesome as always, though sooo expensive! But the portions were huge. The margaritas and other drinks looked awesome (I have had their mixed drinks before, which were good). The service was good, even for eating at the bar. Good spot!I don't like the price point.
I don't like Stephen Starr concepts...you're paying way too much for decor versus the actual stuff that's going into your mouth, imo.
But man, they make a mean margarita pitcher and give you tons of food. Plus, the plushy crescent seats are great with friends. The most common situations that I've observed here are: As a place to dine alone or on a date, it's way too loud and you should never dare try and romance someone here. But as a place to get drinks and head to your next destination, it's perfect.Nice, I get to plug in review #352. This will be totally unique, except for all the other people who have yelped about great brunch experiences here.
I have to agree that for brunch in town, this is worth a look. Got there at noon on a Sunday before going to catch the orchestra. Had a reservation for four, just in case, and the staff was plenty friendly, from hostesses to our server, who did a great job start to finish. It was quiet when we got there, but getting more lively by 1:30 when we left. However, our server didn't miss a beat.
About the menu: For me, the traditional bloody Mary, fresh (original) guacamole, and carne asada steak and eggs with salsa verde homefries made for a perfect brunch. Peeps around the table also enjoyed their blood orange margaritas, wines and enchiladas. Lots of "mmmms" and no complaints whatsoever. I sampled a mahi mahi taco and thought it was a bit dry, but that's not my dish of choice anyway. 
I can see why some people bitch about the prices for the regular menu. Upscale Mexican has that effect sometimes. But it's a Starr joint, not a bodega in Frankford, so you know what you're getting into, right?I stopped here with my boyfriend for lunch on Saturday afternoon. We were seated outside (by request) immediately. Our waitress came over promptly and took our drink order (soft drinks). She was polite and upbeat. The menu has several awesome-sounding items. I ended up opting for the Chicken Tinga Tacos and he had the Carnitas Tacos. The food came out rather quickly. Each plate had 3 tiny, well-presented tacos. They were both wonderful! Definitely not the typical Tex-Mex food you find at many places. Delicious!! My only complaint would be the pricing for what you get (although I knew ahead of time that it wasn't a cheap place). Over all, it was a great experience. I can't wait to go back for dinner and try the margaritas!So I would normally start with the positives, but I feel it is my Mexican duty to call out any self-proclaimed Mexican restaurant that doesn't serve complimentary chips and salsa for the table.  If you're going to charge $20 for a taco plate, you can at least toss in some chips and salsa.  Not having free chips and salsa is an automatic no return item for me.
That being said, the positives are few.  First and foremost Gabe was an excellent server.  Quick, knowledgeable and very friendly.  We were glad to have him. The blood orange margarita was really good and the guacamole was fresh, tasty with several unique varieties. We chose the one with goat cheese and pastacios.  It had a great kick without being too spicy.
Other than that, the menu was very limited, and expensive.  Neither of us saw anything that sounded like a home run, so we elected to just share a quesadilla to compliment the guacamole.  What a disappointment.  It was small and not really a quesadilla.  A quesadilla is usually cheese and whatever else served inside a grilled tortilla.  This was a fried flat shell served with cheese and toppings on top.  Last time I was in Mexico they called that a tostada.  We had a better quesadilla at the Wawa.  
Bottom line:  go for the drinks, guacamole and ambiance.  For good Mexican food, find some place else.Consistently packed after 10+ years, and for a good reason. No one is going to confuse this with a 9th street taqueria, but for Americanized-Mexican food, El Vez consistently puts out great tasting food.
Take-out is also done well, and packed up for you nicely.I went during happy hour. Solid margaritas and tasty tacos. In fact, the tacos were excellent. Here's the thing, though - why bother selling them for $1 each if that means there can only be a teeny tiny amount of filling? I get the value here, but honestly I would have been happier to pay $2 for 3 or something and to get more meat and less tortilla.I'm not a big fan of rant reviews and I figured I'd never write one, but guess what? Now this is happening. 
I've been to El Vez twice before and enjoyed it. It has a high price to food quantity ratio, but I think the price is justified by the taste: great guac, good tacos, good margaritas, friendly waitstaff, nice presentation, etc. On Friday before memorial day weekend, work was emptying out at 2pm and four of my coworkers and I felt El Vez was the perfect place to start out the long weekend. Arriving slightly before 2, we were upfront with the hostesses that we were planning to consume massive amounts of guac and margaritas. This was probably a mistake because we were informed that tables were only for people getting entrees and that we could sit at the bar. Even though the bar was empty, this still sucks for a group of five. Looking around at all the empty tables, we politely asked the hostesses again if they could make an exception and were shot down. So we walked out of there, perhaps never to return. 
In some ways I can sympathize with rules such as this but I think restaurants need to show a certain flexibility given this situation. Consider that Steven Starr has taken great lengths to make El Vez a bar-oriented restaurant and that there are also no bar tables made for groups such as ours. We were also ready to spend a ton of money on their $30 minimum margarita pitchers and $15 minimum guac bowls, probably exceeding what most tables would be spending on food. Perhaps this situation could have been averted if I had been fanning myself with a wad of twenties as I entered the restaurant. 
Alright, I'm done. I'll stick with Distrito for my fancy pants Mexican in this town. I hope I never have to write one of these rant reviews again.This used to be my go to spot but I feel that the quality isn't as good as it was say 3-4 years ago. Margaritas are still on point and there are less options for guac but it is still good. Portion sizes for the entrees are a little on the meager side. This is still a nice spot to meet up for drinks with friends if the line isn't rediculously long and that's about it in my opinion.Five stars does not come easily.
I took the train into the city to try "El Vez" because I had heard very  good things about the place. We went on a Monday, 6:30pm and had a 45 minute wait! While other restaurants down the street were barely half full, or empty. I knew we were in for a treat. 
We got a text message saying a table canceled so we obliged and sat down, right behind the bar giving us a great view of the restaurant. 
Our server (I forget her name) was very nice, attentive and had good menu knowledge. I started with the 'El Ontono' which was a cranberry infused Jim Beam drink, tasty and strong. I moved onto the frozen blood orange margarita, again very good and strong. These drinks were 9 bucks a piece and I have shamefully paid more for weaker drinks - great start to the night. 
While the gauc is expensive, it is fresh and enough for 3 people to enjoy. The chips were fresh, still warm and salted nicely. The chips were also served with a slightly spicy salsa that was awesome.
***UPDATE***
2/22/14 
Group of friends and myself sat at the bar, all bar staff were on top of their game, serving one drink after the other. We all had a great time and enjoyed the guac! Also had the tuna tostadas which were really tasty. The tuna was perfect and melted in your mouth, and the tostada was nice and crunchy.  Everytime at El Vez is a great time.I kind of like El Vez.  Yeah, it's often overcrowded, and the food is at times underwhelming, but it's a fun, festive atmosphere and the blood orange margarita and the chopped salad (pretty much the only things I ever order) are consistently good.  Judging from these other reviews, I wonder if I have bad taste in chips and salsa because I really like the chips and salsa here.  The guacamole is waaaay overpriced though ($12? Nah).  I also really like El Vez as a place for business lunches -- the lunch special menu is a decent bargain, and it's a good alternative to some of the stuffier restaurants in center city.
Bonus points for the photo booth!Their nachos are the best nachos I've had in my entire life. Spears put on a pizza pan and crafted carefully so each chip gets all of the ingredients. So no chip is left dry. Has the perfect combo of cheese and beans paired with the onions(something I don't like) and jalapeños makes this an amazing dish. I would literally go there just for the nachos.Come here for drinks and guacamole. That's it. The entrees have been downsized over the years, or had cheaper substitutions created. It's not worth it. But a big bowl of guac and some margaritas will still run you about $60 and fill you up.Okay, I've eaten at quite a few Authentic Mexican Restaurants, all very good but Mexican just isn't my thing, my family and I were walking around (we just moved to Philly) just peeking into different spots and El Vez was packed, A good rule of thumb is if that many people are in there looking that happy, the food is probably good so we went in, sure enough there was a wait but we didn't mind and left her names, we were called back when our table was available and right from the start or service was impeccable, very attentive, we ordered drinks, and since I'm not a tequila fan I asked our waiter for a suggestion, she suggested to Guava mojito, SCORE!! best drink I've ever had in my freggin' life! Our drinks came pretty quick, with a gracious smile and then we ordered our food, we started our meal with Chips and Guacamole but for my entree I got the steak tacos my husband got the Carnitas and my daughter got the chicken tacos, and again score, score, score, my steak was so tender with the perfect amount of heat, to finish off we had the churros with chili lime sorbet, the churros were the perfect, crispy cinnamon & sugary bliss while the center was perfectly tender, most restaurants get that wrong with churros, and you wouldn't think a flavor like chili lime sorbet would be good one but it was so full of flavor, the mix of chili, lime and sweet were just right, they were the perfect pair with our churros, I was already a fan of Steven Starr's restaurant group and I can promise you, this supposed non-fan of Mexican food will be back again and again!!You cant go wrong with this place: 
Great atmosphere indoors and outdoors, with your date or with friends
Great drinks: a nice selection of margarita pitchers for all tastes
Great food: dont miss the guacamole with goat cheese, its to die for!My husband and I stopped in here as it was a short walk from the Downtown Marriott.  For a Wednesday night, the place was packed and we soon found out why!  From the street, the restaurant was glowing with warm colors and a lively atmosphere.  Inside, the decor was modern and interesting.  Service was outstanding.  We were told it would be a 30 minute wait for our table, but only waited about 5 minutes as the hostess quickly found us a table that had just paid the check.  Out waitress was friendly and very helpful, giving us a tour of the menu, since it was our first time at the restaurant.  The servers that brought out our dishes we equally friendly and offered outstanding service.   We both had the pineapple margaritas, which were exotic, not too fruity and tasted delicious.  We started with the guacamole for appetizer which was suggested by our waitress.  With several different flavors to choose from, we choose to try the original El Vez.  Freshly made and mashed, this was also excellent.  For the entree, we choose to share the chicken and shrimp soft tacos for two.  Presentation of the food was pleasing and great fresh ingredients used and also included a plate of fixings to build our tacos.  Just enough spice and seasoning on the shrimp and chicken to make it an all around great dish and not too salty.  Very impressed with this Californian style modern Mexican cuisine.  A definite place to go back with friends or just for two.It's been a few years since the last time I went here, so I wondered how this place changed.  Very little, it seems.  I had fish with rice which was pretty good, but I think too expensive for something relatively basic.  Same goes for the corn on the cob appetizer.  Everything was good, but nothing that made me light up and say "wow, that is a-maize-ing"!I've only had the crab guacamole, and that's all I need. It's lip smacking good. I don't ever want to share it when I go. It's also $18 or so, so that's all I can afford. Place is fresh, pretty trendy, and service is fast. I would recommend for a date as you're right in the mix of things in the city.Great place if you like to come for happy hour and have a great margarita.
Nice place to sit with friends and just enjoy the afternoon with great prices.The food portions are small and expensive. For an upscale mexican cuisine, I would expect more. The tacos are smaller than what you think normal taco size is. I generally get the enchilada combo.. thats really good!A bit overpriced and overrated, IMO.  A lot of people rave about it, but, I'm not into it.
I enjoy a spicy margarita as much as the next person, but I prefer Lolita's lit'rally across the street.Fun atmosphere. Casual Mexican with some flair. We liked the margaritas and chicken nachos that they serve on a pizza pie tin. The shrimp open quesadilla was really good too. We didn't eat the main entrees because someone recommended the Appetizers were best, so we stuck with them.Came here for lunch and debated if to order a margarita- no debate here! you have to get the bloody orange frozen margarita. SO delicious. I recommend the spicy crab meat guacamole, I could probably eat that for the whole meal- in fact I almost did with just a side order of tortilla soup which was also good.Stopped in tonight for some sangria. It cost almost $40 for a small pitcher that was mostly ice. They keep the sangria in a giant plastic container behind the bar. It tasted like cheap wine mixed with bad booze. The fruit they put in the glasses before pouring sangria tasted really bad (like it was old and had gone off). Wouldn't stop here for drinks again.Incredible guacamoles (try as many as you humanly can), and awesome margaritas! Blood orange was amazing. One thing I will say though is the portions were TINY, and I would have probably needed 2 orders of tacos to feel fully satisfied. That being said, 100% recommended for apps and drinks, just not dinner.Ugh it kills me not to be basic about my rating here. I had really high hopes: brunch, mexican, good rating on yelp, AND TONS of reviews? Holy shit bawlls basic bitch dream.
Especially stoked when at the point in time of our arrival on a Sunday at around 12:30ish (my parents and I AGAIN yes I probably don't actually have friends) there wasn't a wait at all, in fact there were a bunch of empty tables. 
This particular weekend I might have actually been ill because I wasn't particularly hungry and I had this strange desire NOT to order alcohol for lunch. If you know me, you might have called 911 because I can literally recall ONE instance my entire life void of professional responsibilities that I did not order an alcoholic beverage after 11ish am when visiting a restaurant (I was hung over). 
Push came to shove I didn't want to disrupt the alignment of the universe and ordered a michelada. I hear this place has bomb margaritas though...next time. 
I also ordered the huevos rancheros because I love that shit. I asked for no onions and eggs almost on fire. I write this a lot in reviews because I actually verbatim say "almost on fire" when I order. My parents got some chicken enchilada shit. 
Michelada was ok, there were onions in the salsa on top of the eggs so I had to play that claw game to try to remove them from the situation. Only difference is that there was no claw, just a fork. I don't particularly like having to sort through little tomato cubes and cilantro wisps and various other things. Eggs were also not cooked to my liking. 
The beans were there, which was good. In summary, the food just wasn't that great. I do believe my parents really enjoyed theirs, however. Very disappointing for me. 
UPDATE!!!!!!!!: took some friends here after an open bar provided by our employer (how jelly r u). We ordered nachos and guac to share, they ordered fish tacos and margs. I went with the michelada again. 
The nachos were fucking DELICIOUS. Holy shit balls. They were slightly unusual, the volume was distributed in more if a wide than high manner. Analogous to LA compared to NY. The toppings were covered in melted cheese and I was intoxicated so I couldn't see what they were that well. There was some dark sauce that was possibly balsamic and the jalapeños were SO GOOD! Atypical flavor, like kind of sweet and tangy. 
The guac was also quite possibly one of the best guacs I've ever had. 
Margs got good reviews, but the fish tacos were apparently a bit dry.
ok bye i'm over conclusionsI got nachos, chicken tacos, plantains and rice and everything was very good. My favorite thing was the nachos. Definitely worth trying.So I came here because all of my Philly friends said that I "MUST" go to El Vez before I departed, and I can't say I was blown away. The place is identical in decor and menu to every other upscale Mexican restaurant I've been to in Miami (Rosa Mexicano, El Vato, Cinco, etc.) Don't get me wrong, the food was delicious and the service was WAY better than anywhere in Miami (surprise) but I wouldn't necessarily write home about it. I do have to say, however, that the Bazooka guacamole was outrageously delicious and I really enjoyed the variety of guacamoles on the menu. The other "fancy" Mexican places usually only have classic guacamole. Also, the service was stellar. The hostesses, waitress, and manager all came by multiple times to check on us and I definitely felt like I was being waited on hand and foot.quick and attentive service, great food for the price!Came here for dinner as a stop on our road trip to NY from DC. We didn't need a reservation and we're seated outside immediately (inside was a 30 min wait). The server told us the guacamole and drinks are what they are known for, so we ordered the guacamole sampler. 
The guacamole was good, but not amazing. My favorite was the del hoya. What made me give this restaurant five stars is the decor, and the main dishes. My party ordered the black bean enchiladas and the grilled chicken salad - both were enjoyed. I ordered the sea bass tacos, and they were the most flavorful and amazing tacos I've ever eaten. They came wth beans and rice to fill me up (they were light tacos). The sweet potato puree with fried jalapeno and another green sauce (probably cilantro) was amazing with the tender but crispy sea bass, which was seared to perfection. I will be back if I can.Great atmosphere - perfect for after work drinks or a first date. 
Decor - Unique lighting and bicycle centerpiece makes the circular bar really stand out.
Service - Hostesses are usually very nice. Bartenders can make you wait a little for your drink though
Food - Great margaritas. Grilled fajitas and their crab guacamole are a must.
Go back? - Whenever I feel like living it up a little. Usually dinner and drinks for two runs ~$100.Get the tortilla soup! It's so fresh and warming. You'll love it. I promise you.I still absolutely LOVE this place! I was in Philly for an flight layover and I insisted that I make a stop by El Vez.  The margaritas and guac are out of this world! Go ahead and treat yo self. You wont regret it.
Shout out to the wait staff, they gladly stored our luggage while we dined.Fun and delicious. Upscale Mexican-inspired food. You're not getting authentic Mexican food, it's an interesting twist on every item.
I try to eat here whenever my group is in the area. Very reasonable prices for downtown Philly.Have you ever played the game "Almost?"  The thing is, this place is cool, it really is.  It's in the "it" part of town, it's packed, loud, exceptionally well decorated, hard to get a table, comfy, all the hipster employees are appropriately irritated at your bouginess...and the food's alright.  It's just...it's like the cook read a great novel about Mexican food once and tried to recreate it from recipes that had a list of ingredients, but no gradient measurements of proportion.  If I was from the East Coast, where Mexican food is scarce and frequently grouped together with Puerto Rican food as the same genre, I might have thought that this was appropriate, but I'm not.  I'm from the southwest and I was underwhelmed.  First--the "guacamole" that they are  "famous for," according to our waitress, starts at $13 and runs to $17.  For a dollop of goop that is about 1.5 avocados.  With cold greasy unsalted chips.  The guacamole was not fresh, it wasn't interesting, it was fine, but there's no way that I would have spent $13 if I had known how dismally average the experience would have been.  The nachos were the same.  A single layer of chips on a pizza pan with ingredients.  It was like a Mexican pizza.  And it was o.k.  Also at the table--chicken enchiladas (boring and singular in the flavor realm) and carne asada (meh, but pretty).  I ordered corn, but it never arrived--nor did our waitress for almost forty minutes of trying desperately to make eye contact with every employee in the place while we filled our own glasses and lingered (thank god we ordered a pitcher of margaritas). She felt badly enough to bring us complimentary churros but I have to say it, they were also a near miss.  The trouble with this meal was not that they were trying so hard only to fall short, not our server who was adorable but having a crappy night, not the salsa that would have made a delightful pasta topping but had no flair that approached the border, not the tiny pitcher of watery margaritas for $40, it was that this restaurant is so desperately proud of the mediocrity that they carelessly purvey.  We had been craving a Mexican style experience and desperately wanted to love this, and we didn't.  An expensive disappointment.Attempted to go last night. We asked how long was the wait 1hr and 15mins hmm we're standing there contemplating what we wanted to do. In walks another couple after us and ask the same question told an 1hr and 15mins. They stand and think about  what they want to do. A table vacates the couple who came in after us ask for the table. The hostess says sure. I was floored they came in after us really? The Manager happens to walk over. I told him what happened. Steve's response literally well "theirs nothing I can do about that". At that point I was completely turned off. HORRIBLE HOSTESS AND AN EVEN WORST MANAGER!!!
STEVEN STARR GET BETTER STAFF!!I've tried El Vez a few times. The first time i HATED it. A few months later i gave it another shot. Meh. 3rd time was meh. There won't be a fourth time because there are several other really good spots that i much prefer to El Vez.I wasn't blown away by El Vez but I wouldn't be opposed to trying it again on a quieter night.  The row of 2-tops to the left of the main entrance between the booths and the bar that might as well be set up in the middle of traffic on I-76.  If people are at all standing at the bar, I can guarantee their asses will be in your face, purses on the table, people bumping you as you go by.  The place is unbelievably loud.  
I started with the standard guacamole which was good but not remarkable (and thus not worth $15)  
my guest and I decided to share the red snapper cevice and the pork tacos.  The cevice was a treat - playfully presented and tasty.  Unfortunately we were left remarking on how good it was since the pork tacos were nothing short of horrible.  
I take that back - had they been served from a food truck with a $2 price tag, I would have been okay with them but they were nothing more than some stewed pork, a dollop of what tasted like a chipotle adobo sauce and some onions on top.  I could even possibly entertain this dish on a sort of bar-nibbles menu for $9 but I thought $15 was way overpriced for what amounted to a food-truck quality dish.  Of the 3 tacos, I had two bites of one, my date had a bite of the other and the third was untouched.   I was a little surprised our server didn't ask us how we were doing or if we had enjoyed the dish (who orders a dish, takes a bite and then doesn't want it anymore.  shouldn't that be a red flag?)
Take El Vez in honestly. Your friends might be gushing over it as the place to be but I was not all that impressed.I can't believe I haven't reviewed El Vez already.
It's one of my favorite places to eat in Philadelphia. We make it a point to go at off hours - 3pm is usually good - to avoid the crowds. I've never had a problem with the service, even when it's busy. Maybe a tiny bit slow, which is to be expected, but always courteous.
So, I'm not a huge fan of the spinning bike at the bar, I've never used the photo booth, and I've never sampled their margaritas. I keep coming back for the FOOD. I get the same (or similar) thing every time I go: 
- appetizers: macho nachos or regular guacamole
- tacos: chipotle chicken or sea bass (when i have money)
both appetizers are a ton of food, and we're usually full by the time our tacos come. the macho nachos are fully loaded, always fresh, and delicious! can feed four or five comfortably. the sea bass tacos are seriously one of the most delicious things my mouth has ever experienced. worth the $18 for 3 if you've got it. and the more budget-friendly $10 chipotle chicken tacos are also delectable.I have been to El Vez on a number of occasions and have always had a great time. However, last night was proof that the staff and management are above and beyond exceptional. I was at the bar waiting for a table with some friends when a stranger approached us and started chatting us up. He seemed nice enough, but when he disappeared to go smoke and our table was ready, we were relieved to sneak away unnoticed. A few minutes later, he found our table and made himself at home. Funny at first, but after he told us he recently did 18 years, not so much. The manager - I think his name was Tom - hovered around our table for awhile, then when our uninvited guest went to the bar to acquire paper and pens (to show us out zodiac numerologies, duh), the manager came over to ask us if the man was in fact with us or was intruding. None of us wanted to be rude and have this guy kicked out, and Tom basically said the looks on our faces said it all. He very politely but very assertively asked the man to leave the establishment. It was incredible to see a manager so involved in the comfort of his guests, and he completely took all of the awkward responsibility off of us and put it onto himself. El Vez secured us as customers for life! Great food, great drinks, and great care to make sure all guests are safe and comfortable.Came with some friends because of all the hype about this place. I was pretty disappointed to be honest - maybe i just had overly high expectations. The guac was albeit pretty good, but we found a piece of plastic in it that my friend almost ate. The burritos were mediocre at best, and the service is very slow and cold. Not the worst, but definitely not good. I would rank Chipotle higher than the food here, but then again, I love ChipotleTravelled to Philly on businesss and went here with a few people from work on a Tuesday night. It was pretty busy for a week night around 7pm but we only had about a 20-30 min wait. Bartenders were quick to serve while we waited. Once seated service was quick. Started with the guac (just the regular) it was really good, we finished the entire thing over the course of our whole meal. I couldn't decide what I wanted so I got the enchilada sampler. It was the perfect portion and each one had amazing flavors. Totally worth it. I'm not a big mixed drink person but the people I was with said they really enjoyed the margaritas and sangria.One of my favorite Mexican restaurants. I love the Crab Guacamole, Braised short rib burrito, Mai Mai taco, the churros and the pineapple canela. The service is ok. Some times they don't use enough staff for large parties. I would ask how many staff people are they going to assign to your group ahead of time. Enjoy!!!Average tasting Mexican food that's made quickly. Service is friendly and fast. It's very loud, better to sit outdoors for conversations. Prices are reasonable.This place is seriously overrated, especially for what you get for the price. I went in with high expectations and the food was merely okay. We ordered the guacamole, a house specialty, which was just alright. My husband ordered a margarita, another house specialty, and he hated it. Everything else was decent (inc. ceviche, black bean enchiladas & duck gorditas), but the tiny portions and high prices knocked off some more stars. If you want truly transcendent upscale Mexican food in Philadelphia, I would suggest Tequila's instead. Their guacamole (and salsa) actually are amazing and worth the trip alone. Distrito and Xochitl are also a better bet.Great upscale Mexican cuisine   This is my favorite restaurant and the one in NYC sucks! It's doesn't have all the guac options that this one does! I drive all the way from NYC just for that guac w the goat cheese. I always forget the name. I think it's bazooka. I LOVEEEEEEE the mahi mahi tacos. Margaritas  are great. Only reason it's not 5 stars is cause it is a bit pricey for the amount of food you get. Well worth the spend if you are ok with itWe were just visiting Philly and stumbled across this place. The music was loud, colors vibrant, and tequila was flowing. 
We went for Margaritas and snacks. They are known for guacamole and margaritas. They have 5 types of guacamole on the menu - all made to order. We ordered the 'de la Hoya' which is made with basil instead of cilantro. It was fantastic. Some guacamoles have so many peppers, you can't taste the avocados. Not this one. Order it! We like it so much we decided to order a different type of guacamole for our 'meal.' The Cesar Chavez had roasted garlic, balsamic sauce. It was also great. I prefer the 'de la hoya' but both are worth trying. 
The margaritas were delicious and they offer a wide variety - but nothing compared to their tequilas. The tequilas are reasonably priced - nothing too out there but good. I like my tequila straight up and sip it like scotch. A good way to end the night after 2 very delicious 'el perfecto' margaritas. 
I don't know about the rest of the food but the guacamole and margaritas were worth it. I'd go again.El Vez is a great spot for Mexican food in Center City. This place is always busy so don't even try it without a reservation unless you are just going to check out the bar. They have a wide selection of tequila. I always like to grab a pitcher of margaritas with friends. I think my favorite flavor is the blood orange or the classic El Vez. For appetizer, I recommend any of the guacamoles. The crab guacamole is a favorite. It is always made to order with lots of crab! Everything in this place just tastes so fresh. For dinner, I got an order of tacos but I know they have great items that are easy to share. Definitely a hot spot for Philly and definitely a great place to check out.El Vez always comes up when we're thinking of a place to do happy hour and even though it seems to be our traditional go-to spot it's definitely for good reason.
Their bartenders are friendly and will strike up a conversation with you about anything and everything if they have the time. Sometimes they'll even throw a free "sample" of a frozen margarita your way. During Happy Hour they bring out very small portions of some of their apps which are good but I wish they brought out more considering you're paying a premium for their decent (but not fabulous) margaritas.
 The reason we keep coming back to El Vez is the trendy modern mexican atmosphere. We love the photobooth, the tacos (while small) are delicious, and the service is usually pretty good. While slightly overpriced given their portion sizes the quality of their food is consistent and authentic.
El Vez is a great date spot, Happy Hour spot, and late night spot as well.
I always try to think of new places to try in the city but inevitably we always come back to El Vez because we always have a good time and leave happy!
If you are looking for a fun time- check out El Vez. You won't be disappointed.I had an awesome experience at this restaurant. They have a huge selection of different guacamole - we got the De la Hoya which was delicious. My girlfriend got the shrimp tacos and I got the shrimp enchiladas. It was plenty of food that came out quickly from the kitchen. Our meals were great. They also have a good margarita selection. I had the pink lady and again no complaints. We were also told we would have a 30-45 minute wait and ended up getting seated in 5 minutes. I know that probably won't always happen, but it was a nice surprise. My only complaint is hat it's very loud and I had trouble hearing the waitress, but it's truly because this place is constantly packed due to their amazing food!We spent a night in downtown Phili and were in the mood for tapas/Latin-Am food.  We did a lot of Yelping before deciding to go to El Vez.  It is very cool place to take a date. Festive and great atmosphere.  A little louder than I prefer, but it was fine.  We ordered their signature guacamole.  It came in a stone bowl and served with fried flour chips. It seemed different than most guacs we've had at other places. It was too creamy. Not much flavor.  I would go back to try other dishes.This is an awesome Mexican restaurant. Of you love Mexican food this is the place to be. The tacos were amazing, the corn was so flavorful and the macho nachos were delicious. I'm definitely coming back here to try what else they have.the food is always good - elegant and sophisticated! Love the environment, too. Certainly 5 stars!Great Maragaritas! Try the beef tacos or red enchiladas. Prices are little on the high side, but good dinner experience.One of the best Mexican restaurants in Philly hands down. Although it's not traditional Mexican they do a great job of cooking up innovative new takes on the classics such as crab and lobster tacos with mango salsa. They also make fresh guacamole to order, though at $12 a serving it's way over priced. There is definitely something for everyone here with poultry, meat, seafood, and vegetarian options. The drink menu is solid for a Mexican place with the required margaritas and tequila. The restaurant again takes a new twist on the old favorites with blood orange margaritas, pomegranite margaritas, no tequila margaritas, and some interesting sangria combinations. Service was pretty attentive except for refilling the water. The only things that keep this place from getting 5 stars is that it is amazingly loud and there are way too many smokers for my taste given that the bar is in the center of the tables. Be sure to check out the photo booth if you go in.El Vez is where you want to go when you want average "mexican" food (and I use that term loosely) but pay for atmosphere and the fanciest bathrooms in the city.  I can name several other places that make the same dishes, cost less, and taste fresher.
Step above MEH, not quite A-ok.  So is two 1/2 stars "sure, not bad I guess"?El Vez is fantastic, I have never been let down by this amazing restaurant. I went here with buddy of mine as we crashed his roommates date. The margaritas were wonderful and the Guac hit the spot like no other restaurant in the city.
As for dinner I had the chicken fajita that blew my mind. The chicken was grilled to perfection and was cooked how i like it. I would come back to this place any time, that i could afford it that is lol!The food is delicious but a little on the expensive side. Atmosphere is perfect for a great dinner out. I wish they had happy hour!Not a brunch spot. More like an all day all meals restaurant. They don't really specialize in anything so the Food was just okay. Nothing to write home about. Potentially one of the worst Bloody Mary's I've ever had. Service was under average. Serving style was bland. 
All in all. Won't come back again.Underwhelming. More hype than it was worth. Loud and bustling which would have been fine if the food lived up to it. Did not get the servers name. She was rushed and distracted but knowledgeable enough. Food was boring-- I had the enchiladas mixtas. The shrimp did not taste fresh and lacked flavor balance (needed acidity) The chicken was ok --the mole was a bit too sweet. Overall everything lacked spice(heat/picoso) we ordered the Tito guacamole which was advertised as having contained HABANERO and Serrano and was totally devoid of any spiciness whatsoever BORING. Asked for fresh jalapeño and sadly all the seeds and veins were removed rendering it inert of heat. Asked for hot sauce and got Cholula or Tabasco (would expect such a high end "mexican" place to make their own hot sauce... again boring. I was craving something spicy to elevate the rich, flat, and excessively sweet flavors. This place is not authentic and not exciting (save for the decor and the noise) overall. The saving grace were the birthday churros balanced just right with a nice semi-sweet Mexican chocolate sauce. Delicious. BUT For a Steven Starr joint I expected MUCH better.Had lunch at El Vez today and as a 1st time visitor, I wasn't impressed. However, before I continue, the service is very nice. 
Had the Crab Omelet with garlic fries. Couldn't taste garlic in the fries, barely tasted crab in the omelet. Although, there was quite a bit of crab, the taste just didn't come through. Overall, I'd say lunch was just average. Too expensive for average.I always have a good time at El Vez.  I had my 25th birthday party here a couple years ago and the service was excellent.  I don't remember how many pitchers we had in my group, but the margaritas are delicious and very expensive!  I also loved their guacamole. 
I just recently went back to meet with friends and I ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos....they were fantastic, but since you only got 2 for $11, I felt a bit cheated.  It's not surprising at a Stephen Starr, but still...what a tease!
Overall, El Vez is a nice place to drop by for drinks and light fare.I came in here today on a Saturday with my boyfriend to have some food and drinks for our anniversary. There was a wait time of 45 minutes. We sat by the bar as we waited for our table. Honestly the wait time was 20 minutes, luckily someone had canceled their reservation. The staff was amazing Along with the food and drinks. We had the tortilla soups and the steak tacos and for drinks we had  margaritas . I would definitely recommend this place .Easily one of my favorite Stephen Starr restaurants, El Vez is a great for a large gathering to dine and drink, as well as grabbing a quick margherita at the bar. There is no doubt that the vibe, atmosphere, and interior decoration are enticing. The food is wonderful, though a bit pricey. I recommend getting their El Vez guacamole, a guava mojito or blood orange margherita, and tacos al carbon for two.You can't have a guacamole flavor named after Cesar Chavez and throw gold chained lowrider bicycles around and call yourself an "authentic" Mexican restaurant. It's unfortunately a gimmicky place with zero effort of incorporating Mexican culture. Even naming the restaurant after a Mexican-American singer, there's no acknowledgment that he's the one it's named after. So naturally we kept wondering why they would name a place that's grammatically incorrect. We had to Google the restaurant to figure it out since nothing there explained it to us. You'll take his name, but won't bother giving him due credit. Shame. But seriously, Cesar Chavez guacamole. Really?? Ignorant as hell.
Now as for the food, it was incredibly salty. Inedibly salty. Like I couldn't finish because I had pockets of unmixed salt (ordered the omelette with yucca). It was that bad. Would not recommend at all.
The only reason I gave it more than 0 stars is because of the incredible service. They were very accommodating and friendly. They were the saving grace. A big thank you to them.I went here for my best friend's bachelorette party dinner. We were a party of 19, and we found out another huge party stole our reservation when they got there before us. Not sure how they did that, but it happened. 
After we waited for a bit for the situation to be handled and eventually get a table for all of us, the manager (or the owner, I forget) came out and sincerely apologized to us for the inconvenience. He gave us a free round of drinks, and guacamole and chips on he house. Some of the best displays of customer service I've ever experienced at a restaurant. I've never had better enchiladas. Both margaritas I had were delicious as well. 
The bright neon lights and overall design was super cool and chic. 
I can't wait to come back!One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Food is amazing. Highly recommend the mahi-mahi tacos, and you have to taste one of their 7 different kinds of guac. They make good margs & mojitos and always have a crowd. They take reservations but you need to call well in advance (at least 1 week, likely 2) if you want to get a table during prime time of Fri or Sat night. But you can walk up, put your name in, then go to another bar for a drink (like Graffiti bar, also awesome: http://www.yelp.com/biz/graffiti-bar-philadelphia#query:grafiti%20bar) and they will call your cell when your table is ready. Sit outside if it's nice, great for people watching. Lots of foot traffic. Or just go chill at the bar. It's huge and the middle of everything. Lastly, ambience is so cool.Place is very nice! Inside decor is really tricked out and open! I would definitely recommend this place for after work drinks with the friends / co-workers. As far as the food goes, not as good as other Mexican restaurants that I've been to.The drinks are amazing and the carnitas were delish! It was easier to park in the lot on corner of 11th and walk rather than look for street parking
Great service and ambiance as wellThis place was a nightmare. My girlfriend dropped her hand clutch on the ground next to us at a 2 top we are surrounded by families of 4-5 with parents and kids and we both got up for about 30 secs to take a picture within that  30 seconds someone who I believe was the busser or waitress stole her purse because of the cash in it instead of turning it in. Place acted all confused we haven't even left the place and the wallet disappeared I work in the industry and every time someone loses something our staff saves them for the people at host stand. Managers didn't do anything said file a police report we don't have camera angles over in that section. They couldn't even comp our 78$ bill with a 21% tip in cash. Never will go back unless they magically find her clutch. Snakey staff. Worst date night ever we were in a nice restaurant not a dive bar. Still in shock no one turned her stuff into staff.For the price, an unethically small amount of food. Be prepared to order two entries to feel full if you are of average height and weight. At this price, Fogo De Chao is a better option.I love the atmosphere inside, very trendy! The food is great! My favorite drink that everyone must try is the blood orange margarita!! Perfect spot for dinner and there's also a bar if you just want to stop in for a just a drink!Where do I begin with this place? Every crazy girl night has started at this place. Great dates have started at this place. This is my go to. The guacamole is out of this world. The margaritas are absolutely the best. The blood orange frozen marg is my favorite. I have had most of the food items and they are all amazing. My favorite is the fajitas. They are big enough for two, but they are so amazing. I just wish rounds of margaritas were cheaper, but it is worth it.There are not enough good things to say about El Vez. We go there whenever possible. The tacos, guacamole and churros are our go to date night meal, but I have never heard of anything bad being served there! The margaritas are to die for, a must try!!!3 words: Get the Guac! 
I had a torta with polenta fries and everything - literally everything - tasted amazing. The Guac sampler we tried was a little piece of Avocado heaven. Two favorites: goat cheese guac and truffle oil guac. Yum.Had 2 friends in town for a visit and thought they would enjoy El Vez, based on my previous experiences.  Made the reservation through Open Table and our table was available.  My friends enjoyed their house margaritas and we all enjoyed chips with salsa and guacamole.  As the menu had changed since my last visited,  we ordered tacos Al carbon for 3 and it was excellent.  Highly recommend and will return. The price is average for a Center city restaurant.  The parking in the area is a scam, no reflection on El Vez,Reasonable prices for the quality of food and everything tastes delicious. I went with a starr employee and they sent out the cheese dip. It was absolutely incredible, I could drink it. Crab guacamole is also one of a kind! Definitely one of the better Starr restaurants.There's no way around it - you're going to have to wait for your table. Is it worth it? Yes! 
We started the evening splitting pitchers of their signature margarita - the El Vez. At the recommendation of our waitress, we ordered the De La Hoya Guacamole which was consumed fairly quickly.  Then we ordered chicken tacos, chicken quesadillas and a black bean enchilada - all fantastic. 
The atmosphere was lovely and the food and drinks were even better. I highly recommend coming here if you're in Philly.Amazing guacamole , and drinks! However be prepared to wait about an hour to get a table . I keep coming back but reservation would really make the experience betterAmazing!! The classic guacamole was great and the queso with chorizo tasted divine! We shred the "Tacos Al Carbon" which are basically fajitas and the were amazing! Definitely recommend getting the chicken but the beef was good too. I definitely recommend El Vez.