After being recommended here from a friend and remembering that Chef Jason was a Top Chef veteran, I had really high hopes for the place but unfortunately, I was really let down.
I managed to score a date with my girlfriend on a Saturday for our 1 year anniversary and hoped that the supposed excellent food would elevate the evening but while the concepts of the dishes are imaginative with a touch of whimsy, the execution falls really flat.
My 4 Course Tasting (Plus Extras)
Starter Cheese Plate (Share with GF): Nice starter with 3 different types of cheese and accompaniments.
Whipped Foie Gras: This is where the problems start. Though the texture of the foie was honestly divine, pairing this with peanuts made the dish way too salty to thoroughly enjoy. The balance between sweet and salty was not even close which is a criticism that followed through the whole evening.
Scallop Noodles: The dish I was most looking forward to all night from Top Chef fame. Though the dish sounds gimmicky, the texture of the noodles and the flavor they impart really adds to the dish but like the Foie, the broth was beyond salty (almost too much to finish it) and the smoked hoison turned out to be way more sour then anything else.
Cobia: Overall this dish was the best of the night simply because it wasn't super super salty (though by no means a perfect dish). Overall though, the fish was a bit on the dry side and the black truffle fummete sauce was a bit too lemony and had to be left alone in order to enjoy the rest of the meal.
Cookie Dough: Honestly the biggest letdown of the night. I understand the whole sweet/salty vibe that they were trying to get to and I loved the gooeyness of the dish but the chef honestly forgot to put any sugar into my cookie and all I tasted was a big bite of salt. I tried mixing it with the ice cream and the meringue hoping it would cut the salt action but to no effect. 
On the plus side, the Saviougn Blanc was really delicious and a steal at under $25 due to Philly wine week. In addition, the sizes of the tasting menu were quite generous (probably 30% bigger then most restaurants) and under no circumstances did I leave the meal hungry.
When you pay close to $100 per person on a special meal for a special occasion, having this many fundamental errors of having a way too heavy hand with the salt is really inexcusable and a big letdown.I wish I hadn't waited so long after my visit here to write my review because I actually can't recall exactly what I had! I just know it was damn good. High quality, skilled cooking. Service was great, decor was relaxing and peaceful. Drink menu varied, albeit a wee bit pricey. But this place is definitely worth going out of your way to visit.Been there several times and only been disappointed once -- by fois gras. That, most likely, was an unrealistic expectation from reading too much. Especially appreciate the menu structure/pricing, as well as the bread and water bottle.Went for a friend's birthday dinner, and start off with a drink at the bar while I was waiting for them. The drink I had (forgot the name) - consisted of smoked strawberries - sounded cool, but actually just made my cocktail taste like bacon. Things that taste like bacon are usually a great thing, but drinking it isn't always the most appetizing option. 
Starting with the bread that they served, I could tell that the meal was going to be spectacular. it was delicious, and set some high expectations for the rest of the meal.
Dinner was great. Lots of wine, lots of food. We ordered a few different appetizers for the table, some of the star players being the fried Vietnamese buns. I think they were filled with magic, they were so yummy. For my entree, I ordered the skate - perfectly seasoned, delicious, and made me feel like I wasn't wasting my time or money. 
Dessert was also delicious, and they brought out a special treat for my friend's birthday. Waiter was super attentive and catered to our needs. Will definitely be returning for more dinners - apparently their brunch is also on point!this was our first time here and was outstanding ! first the staff was very friendly, our waitress was very nice as well and very helpful and answered all the questions about the menu. For me the perfect start  is the bread it sets the tone for the rest of the meal and the bread was great and the oil they served with it was smoked and was out of this world had 3 serving of it. We had the 'tasting of 4' both of us first 'roasted beet tartare' was good, 'whipped foir-gras' good also, 'baby spanish octopus' very tender liked it a lot,
one of the reasons I came here, 'diver scallops' they were good but not as good as the waitress raved about them. 'rowhan duck' was good but a little on the small side for a portion and luke warm. ''pulled short rib' was good also about the same portion as the duck, each dish needed more time in the oven for heat enstead of looking pretty! save that for the pictures in the magazines. For dessert 'chocolate ganache' liked it , 'Banana Brulee' this was the biggest disapointment of the dinner, was not good and not at all what we expected ! it just didnt do it for us at all, over all I would go again and would highly recommend getting the 'tasting for 4 or 5' if your looking for place that has over sized portions dont go here, but if you want good food and food that tasted good than try it out, its a cool restaurant and are doing a great jobLoved this dinner. My boyfriend and I had the four course tasting menu for $59 each I believe - essentially picking one thing from each "bites" column and a dessert - plus unlike most tasting menus (and unlike their 6 course one) we didn't have to have the same dishes - a plus so we could try more things!
I had the potato leek soup, scallops, duck confit, and the cookie dough. My boyfriend had the beets, duck hearts, monkfish, and passion fruit tart. All were absolutely wonderful, complex combinations but well balanced, etc. My sole critique was that my cookie dough dessert (a nice combo of hot cookie and cold ice cream) was so hot that my ice cream was almost soup by the time I could eat it as opposed to just nice and melty. They should let it cool a bit before adding the ice cream.
Cocktails were innovative and really tasty, Service was fantastic, noise level and ambiance was lovely (happy and lively but bit too loud, intimate lighting and candles but not too dark). Very warm and inviting and we loved our evening. Will be back with friends in tow!Let me start by saying if you like well-cooked, flavorful and sometimes daring food, and/or kick-ass cocktails you have to go to Ela. That said, if you're a huge eater, the portions are small and the prices a bit high considering, so you'll spend a decent amount to be satiated. Those things in perspective, I still urge daters, friends, family and anyone looking for a cute, neighborhood spot to go to Ela now. A group of four, we got one app (the celery soup, which was amazing), every "second" dish (the octopus seemed to be the table's hands down fave, but the gnocci and fois gras were close), and two entrees--the duck, which is a chef's feed pick, but we weren't bowled over by, and the short ribs, which was an interesting presentation of a "log" of short rib, for lack of a better description, which was tough on the outside, but still tender and flavorful on the inside. We all loved our cocktails. The names are great and combos are interesting but work deliciously. The one with whiskey and passion fruit was especially interesting. Service was good, the place was hot as hell, and the desserts also tasty. Saw the brunch menu which looks amazing and for which we'll be back.A group of 7 of us were able to get a reservation here on a Saturday night at 8:30, however we weren't seated until closer to 9:30. 
We decided to do a a mix of the 4 course and 5 course samplers between the 7 of us. I was able to try: japanese bass crudo (delicious, ask for a spoon to finish the ponzu), baby spanish octopus (octopus was grilled perfectly, wasn't a huge fan of the tomato concentrate or sweet and sour eggplant) and the trout (decent but not overwhelmingly memorable). Other items I sampled at the table: general tso's duck hearts (would order these again), whipped foie gras (well done, the gingerbread is an excellent complement), green asparagus (crispy and savory), diver scallop "noodles" (a "fun" take on scallops, but i do love a good seared scalloped instead), pulled beef short rib (tasty, but not the most succulent I've had. Wasn't a fan of the steel cut oats pairing) and lamb neck roast.
For desserts we got a mix of items: soft chocolate (i'd say best pick on the menu, delicious soft chocolate balls with blood orange whip), cheese cake (tasted like tofu, hardly finished these at our table. The crispy puffs also didn't fit well on the plate) and the cookie dough (tasted like a chocolate souffle) and the espresso martini (do not drink if you actually enjoy coffee/espresso).
We had a fun dining experience and I'd say I would definitely like to sample a few other items on the menu or come back for brunch. The space is modern and contemporary and the cocktail list also looks innovative. It's worth a venture down to check out.Yummy food, fast and courteous service! Parking is a nightmare, I suggest parking a couple of blocks away in the fabric districtOne thing: After spending over $300 the staff had the audacity to ask us to leave our table and drink the remainder of our beverages at the bar. We were at our table for 1.5 hours, be respectful Ela.
Was very excited to try Ela during one of my alumni group's monthly brunch club outings  - extremely disappointed with the food. The restaurant itself is a nice space and the service was decent but the food was bland and my entree, along with a few others in my party, came out stark cold. I ordered the short rib eggs benedict and had to send it back because of the temperature. In the meantime, I tried a friend's burger which was very flavorful and cooked to the correct temperature ordered; though the fries were stone cold. When the waitress returned with my "newly" prepared benedict, much to my disbelief, it was stone cold. At this point I recognized that the temperature error of my dish was not going to be rectified and I dealt with eating a cold short rib egg benedict (which is highly not recommended).
The plus? My Vietnamese Coffee with bourbon was excellent and exactly what I needed, caffeine and bourbon, to get through the brunch unscathed by my entree experience.Went for Sunday brunch and easily got a reservation that same morning. Plenty of seats when we got there so reservation might not have been needed. Great size menu wiu just enough options to satisfy you but not so many you're overwhelmed. Had the buttermilk biscuits with a side of the toast. Great flavors all around and just enough to satisfy me but not be uncomfortably full either. Def recommend for brunch!I was very excited to come here last night with my friend for dinner. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, and had an excellent waitress. She suggested that both my friend and I each order all 3 courses, and we happily took her advice and split everything.
1st course: hamachi and oysters...I didn't really like the oyster/bacon combination, but the hamachi was nice and refreshing.
2nd course: Foie gras and scallop noodles. The foie gras was INCREDIBLE. It was so creamy, it melted in your mouth, and the black berries atop each perfect little scoop was amazing compliment, along with the crunchiness of the gingerbread. This was by far my favorite part of the meal :)
3rd course: Pork belly (delicious) and duck (also delicious)
We were too stuffed for dessert, so I guess I'll just have to come back again to try it. 
P.S. The other highlight of the meal was the olive oil you get with your bread. We were trying to figure out what was in it, I still don't know. But it was heaven on a plate.I've probably been to Ela 6+ times now and still continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Took my MIL for Brunch a few weekends ago and had a killer beet bloody mary, AMAZING cinnamon/raisin bread, and an amazing, amazing chicken dish- yes, Chicken- crispy skin and the most flavorful sauce. You have to keep in mind that the menu changes so many of the dishes you will read about here have come and gone- one of the things I love most about Ela- keeping it fresh!Tremendous meal. The gnocchi was all world and the duck,lamb and chicken were excellent.  Great atmosphere.  Put this on your list for great dinning experiences in Philly.Overrated. This place has potential but misses the mark.  It is far from a well-executed culinary experience and far too overpriced to be a casual night out with friends.  The negatives --- -we waited a long time for a table despite having a reservation,it was freezing in there (the first time that I ever had to complain to the staff to turn on the heat), the portions were tiny!, we waited 20 minutes between each of our four courses.  The deserts were the only "course" that was a reasonable size but they were far from tasty.  One of the deserts that we ordered was the cookie dough in ice cream.  I figured that was a safe bet...how do you screw-up cookie dough and ice cream - - but it was nasty.  The cookie dough tasted like salt!  There was more salt in the cookie dough ice cream dish than there was in all of the other courses combined.  I had a great time with the company I was with but I will not be returning here anytime soon.Visited Ela for the first time last night with friends. We each had the five course tasting menu and thus were able to get one of everything on the menu! My favorite dishes included the scallop noodles, the Lancaster chicken, and the duck hearts. The chef was sweet enough to send out an extra plate of the duck hearts on the house as well! Beautiful and intimate restaurant - it can get noisy since it's such a small space but still great for small groups to go to! Be warned. .the bathroom is tiny tiny tiny. I'm a petite girl - 5'2" and weigh 112 lbs. and I could barely fit into the bathroom because it's such a small space!We had a marvelous dinner at Ela last night. Everything was perfect from the cocktails through dessert. Service was professional and friendly. Some of the menu highlights were the fluke starter, the diver scallop noodles stir fry and the lamb short rib was to die for. My only regret was not going to this restaurant sooner. Top notch all around and a good vibe to boot.Was there for Easter brunch and the fix price menu looked really good! The deviled eggs were definitely amazing with a nice spicy kick. I also got the breakfast gnocchi and coconut angel food cake, both were okay.
The best part for me was the ambiance; it's a really cool and relaxed place though definitely upscale. The service was good but all the servers were "too cool for school," which was kind of a turn off.Mixed feelings about this place which is very disappointing as I just moved in a few blocks away and was hoping this would be my "regular" bar.  Poor customer service last night particularly at the bar, as we were denied any food from the bar menu because of the time we came in (9pm). I explained that I was interested in the bar menu because there were more vegetarian options and the bartender without compassion pointed out the whopping 3 items on other dinner menu that I could choose from (one had an egg in it, so really only 2 options for some vegs). Not vegetarian friendly at all.  I had checked the website in advance and it is not clear what time the bar menu is available. It's a shame because the drinks were good but I will not be back.absolutely delicious.  full of fun ingredients, unique twists on great dishes, very entertaining.  everything we ordered was perfect.  will definitely be back soon!The oysters are to die for and the foie gras mouse is very flavorful. Had the scallop noodles - felt like it was missing something but still good. Also I tried my husband's gnocchi, delicious! Environment is very nice - rustic and darkly light with an intimate setting.Great experience & fast service. This restaurant is dimly lit very sexy and the food was delicious. I had Sunday brunch, chocolate chip French toast ,cheese eggs & a melon mimosa yum. The staff was friendly and attentive. They also brought out this delicious cornbread with a strawberry sauce before my food was up. I would so come back again maybe for dinner next time. Oh they also have a small outdoor space, always a plus in the city on a nice day.Ela was such a wonderful experience.
We met another couple for dinner there a couple months back and really loved our time there.  The food was fabulous, the girls loved the drink/wine selection and they also had a (surprisingly) great craft beer selection.
The ambiance is exactly what you would think of a classy, trendy place to be.   Slightly dim, good background music and extremely polite service was all a part of the Ela experience.  Our waiter was forever asking if there was anything he could do without being overbearing and refreshed drinks and water quickly and quietly.  
We all chose the 6 course tasting menu, fully knowing we would all probably share a little of this and a little of that.  I can say the kale salad, whipped foie gras, lobster tagliatelle and short ribs were amazing.  We all left raving about the food and promising future visits.
As earlier mentioned and as a lover of craft beers, Ela pleasantly surprised us with their selection.  From witbiers to hefweizens and trippels, Ela provides a wonderful menu of craft beers and I would return simply for a few beers they serve.One of the best places in philly!!! A must try for all foodies!  Also our server Seth was awesome!!!We arrived at 6:30p on a Saturday night w/o reservations and were seated at the bar - closer to the drink never hurts. We had the basic tasting menu. The oysters were just ok. We've eaten here at least six times - they have different oysters each time, five out of six isn't bad. The diver scallop noodles - actually scallop pounded flat then cut into noodles, was excellent. The lobster pasta was equally good. The short-rib and sea bass were spot on - fantastic. I'd have given Ela five stars if not for desert. The best desert in Philly - ice cream w/ melted cookie dough has been replaced with something that approaches average. WHY?   Overall - the place is great. Bring back the cookie dough and return to five star status.Ela has been on my list of "must go's" from the second it opened and I finally made a reservation for last Friday. After making the reservation, I was thrilled to remember that I would enjoy my first "Foie Friday" by the man who coined the term himself for this June. 
It was a rainy summer night which was perfect. The decor was distressed and comfortable...just where I want to be on a rainy night. I wasn't thoroughly impressed with the drink menu so instead I enjoyed a delicious Pinot Noir that went fantastically with the meal. 
In the spirit of Foie Friday, we ordered the special Foie Gras dish as well as the one on the menu. The special that night was a whipped foie with watermelon and almonds. I thought the dish was a perfect summertime dish and very bright. My only complaint was that I wished there were more almonds. The other foie dish was also whipped on a raisin toast with gooseberries. Yum. Smooth, salty and sweet. Great. 
Moving away from Foie Gras to the rest of the meal... I was blown away by the truffle banh cam balls. I mean they're essentially dough balls filled with truffle that you dip in a spicy prune sauce underneath. So weird and so awesome. A must order. Next was the duck magret. I love duck magret and this had to be one of the best preparations. It was cooked to perfection and I loved the rhubard with it. Fantastic. I would have enjoyed the duck sliced thinner but I wouldn't call that a complaint. 
By the end of this meal, I was already racking my brain to decide who I should come back to this restaurant with!fabulous food, intriguing ambiance, and exceptional cocktails...they're named after Brand New songs which is a super creative touch. the service was also excellent! if i didn't live in nyc, i would frequent this restaurant on a very regular basis.It's ticking all the boxes of a "trendy" hip place of a 2008-2010 NY hip joint and the food is aspirational. 
The produce is good quality and I think the chef has good direction but there's a strange penchant for box tomato soup tasting chilli and flavour that tried to get in there once or twice which was nasty but thankfully optional. For example my scallop spaghetti- scallops were delicious- the red tomato thing on the toasted crostini - completely unnecessary. 
Then my partners fish dish- again delicious - but the foam..... Tasted ok- looked like a dog had puked on it after too much excitement. 
In all recommended in the area but I think the reviews I see in town are a bit too hyped for an outsider.great food, inventive chefs. portions are pretty small but everything tastes great and so creative. i liked crudo,  salmon with wild rice and salsify, scalop noodles with cream truffle sauce and cheesecake with kafir lime sauce. The only issue i had with scalop noodles, souse vide changed texture of scallop and made it overcooked.  Don't think it is best preparation for this dishSunday morning brunch with the girls is something I  always look forward to. We were extremely pleased in choosing Ela. First off I have to say the chicken and waffles is phenomenal. The chipotle syrup is the perfect touch to the southern style meal. They have some classic styled drinks but one that was particularly interesting was the bourbon spiked Vietnamese coffee. To be honest the coffee itself was alright but I liked the concept , did seem a little out of place with the rest of the menu though.
I will give service 5/5, the waiter took my order wrong and brought out the wrong dish with everyone else's. He quickly corrected the order and brought out complimentary pastries for the mishap. Always appreciated. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some good food and a moderately quiet space to catch up with friends/familyGo here, now!! Had a reservation on a crowded Friday night and was seated at a table that was right in the middle of the restaurant, kinda looked like it was an afterthought. I wish I wasn't the kind of affected person who would be able to block out the small earthquakes that shook me and my table every time a server walked by- but I'm not.  We asked to move, which we dreaded but aside from having to wait a little extra it didn't seem like a problem at all. What a relief, plus our server picked up our round of drinks! The food was delicious and perfectly proportioned, I couldn't have been more satisfied! I will absolutely be returning for dinner and can't wait to try brunch. Overall great experience!food was decent, but waaaaay overpriced.  building and staff are gorgeous, however.I was so excited to try Ela's happy hour, because it gave me a chance to check out a Chip Roman restaurant. However, I'm now hesitant to eat at Mica and Blackfish because I had such a disappointing experience at Ela.
Two of my friends and I sat at the bar, but ordered off of the regular (non-happy hour) menu. I had the diver scallop "noodles," and my friend ordered the truffle bahn cam. The scallop noodles were overly salty and the peanut sauce that they were...drenched in was way too heavy for the light shellfish. I don't understand what the chef was trying to accomplish with that dish. I don't think the flavors or the textures went well together at all. I only had a bite of the bahn cam, which, while beautifully presented, was heavy and greasy. I don't have any other bahn cams to compare this one to, but if this is typical of the Vietnamese dish, I wouldn't order it again. 
We also ordered dessert; I got the hot chocolate chip cookie dough, and my friend ordered the manjari chocolate. The chocolate chip cookie dough was pretty bland, which was surprising given the exciting menu description. How could you go wrong with chocolate chip cookie dough! But the "dough" was a sauce on the side of a dish of bananas and custard (I thought the custard was ice cream). The flavors were not that great and, again, neither were the textures. I had a little bite of the manjari chocolate, and thought it was really bad. I love chocolate, honestly! Even dark, like 70%, chocolate, but this was just way too heavy, with nothing to lighten it. I would not recommend the dish at all. The meyer lemon on the side was way too strong a flavor, as well. Neither dessert worked for me at all. 
Additionally, the bartender was not very welcoming or friendly to my friends and I at all. We're quite a polite group, and perhaps she was just having a bad day, but I felt like we annoyed her any time we ordered something or asked a question about the menu. One the plus side, the space is beautiful and has a great atmosphere. But that's not enough of a reason for me to go back to Ela.All employees including chef Jason Cichonski were extremely pleasant and overwhelming nice!  Great service and everything we ate was fantastic!   4+ course also were great!In my opinion this is the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  The chef really does have passion about his cooking.  All the other reviews about the scallop noodles are spot on.  They are absolutely delicious.  I've been here twice.  The first time we got the 6 course tasting which was worth every penny.  We've had fluke, octopus salad, scallop noodles, beef cheek, short rib ravioli, trout, melon gazpacho, all delicious.  The cookie dough ice cream is also amazing.  Wait staff is very knowledgeable and attentive and they also make good cocktails.  Would highly recommend hitting up this little gem.Came back after not having been here for awhile. Service was very attentive. Food was delicious. I could not find fault with anything. Rye focaccia as the starter bread. Yellow pepper with crab gazpacho, gnocchi with mussels and incredibly fresh halibut. I'm getting myself hungry again!Only here for Happy Hour, and we had fun.  So why only 2 stars?  Because the happy-hour wines ($5 a glass) were low quality, and the appetizers, even though mostly just $5, were minuscule little items.  We (two of us) spent $45 to sit at the bar for an hour before a meeting scheduled for 7 pm.  A little too much for what we got.  The lady bartender was also a little snotty, esp in view of our being the only customers in the place for 15-20 mins.  Fortunately we were both in good moods!We have been looking forwards trying this place since they opened. Atmosphere/ ambiance was intimate and calming. Unique cocktail list and a good selection of wines and beer. 
 Dislikes: overpriced for average food. It's small plates, which I prefer, but they are seriously over priced for the amount and quality of food. 
Diver scallop noodles were boring and bland. Lobster tagliatelle was super buttery and much salty. I actually couldnt even finish  Again sub par food and way over priced. 
Likes: Japanese kampachi- great subtle flavor, however again, entirely too small, even for a small plate. Octopus hummus plate had a nice variety of favors, octopus slightly overlooked/ tough. Good intentions though. Foie gras was surprisingly so far the best I've had anywhere (in my opinion better than Amis). 
Overall- prices were Vetri level and food was Collingswood BYOB level. Wouldnt plan on going back unless it was strictly for drinks.We had such a wonderful and intriguing meal here. We passed plates around our table, struggling to decide which dish of each course was our favorite. They were all so good and so different, it was difficult to compare. 
I was a little skeptical of dining at Ela because I had heard about the use of molecular gastronomy. It's not that I don't appreciate the use of wild and crazy techniques, it's just that I don't associate molecular gastronomy with feeling comfortable during a meal or satiated after a meal. Well Ela proved me wrong, and we all staggered out of the restaurant with very full bellies. Note to self: don't order four courses next time.
Everything was delicious and really added to our experience there, but I'll just include the highlights:
English Pea Soup- fresh, vibrant, aromatic, and tad salty with the lomo. We all agreed it was the best pea soup we've ever, ever had. And this was after my boyfriend made fun of me for ordering something as simple as pea soup in a restaurant.
Peanut Scallop Noodles: the noodles are super light and unique, but it's the peanut sauce that made me wish I could just pour it over an enormous bowl of steamy hot rice and hunker down
Baby Spanish Octopus: crunchy, smoky, chewy but not rubbery. Surprisingly meaty tasting.
Truffle Banh Cam: a unique sticky rice cake that's totally craveable. A bit of a heavier second dish that's good to share.
Duck: I don't usually care for duck, but this was exceptional. The portion size was a bit hefty.
Halibut: cooked perfectly. I only wish there were a few more morel mushrooms...
Manjari chocolate dessert: rich and dark and pure. The cookie dough dessert was unique, but a tad too sweet for me. The Manjari chocolate was just right.
There seems to be a lot going on in each of the dishes, but all of the components worked out. Service was great, and the atmosphere was nice, but relaxed. I'm anxious to see what the chef does when the seasons change.Very food forward menu, great prices for happy hour however the overpowering smell of mildew inside is enough to ruin your meal in warmer months.  Try coming back in colder months when the AC isnt blowing and have a better experience in the small and intimate dining roomtiny bathroom. be warned. if u got a sweet tooth get the french toast. everything was mushy should bring my baby sisters here..smh overrall food is just okay.Why did it take me so long to go to Ela? What could possibly be my excuse?
I really loved my meal here, it was the perfect combination of whimsical and delicious. The space is really cool too, the bar is really snazzy looking. 
I had the scallop noodles that just rocked my world. I request that all future scallops I consume are served to me this way :)
My main dish was the chicken and it was a really flavorful and memorable dish for being chicken; I was really impressed.
I split both the cookie dough and the pumpkin pudding desserts with the rest of the table. The cookie dough was tasty and tasted exactly like a warm baked cookie, but the pumpkin pudding was just perfection. It was like they thought up a dessert just for me.
Their beer selection was pretty spot on with the dishes being served, which I always appreciate. The only slightly odd thing was they served it in a wine glass, which kind of takes away from the beverage.Went there For an early Friday diner with business friends. Wow! Music great, atmosphere great, service great, Jason's creative way with food, an experience that everyone should have as often as you would like to be good to yourself! Nothing like it in the city. Casual cool and world class meal and this is just the beginning. Thanks Jason.Great atmosphere and solid, often creative dishes as well as service. Have been twice, most recently for NYE.Nothing bad to say here. We had a great meal. It's a bit pricey but every dish we had was excellent. The scallop linguini was one of the most creative dishes I've had in a long time.Top 5 Chef/Restaurant in Philadelphia. While chef Jason might not get as much press as Jose garces and solomonov he is right there with them. This chef brings beautiful plates bursting with rich flavor everytime. It feels like gourmet fine dining but with a cool casual neighborhood atmosphere. I love it!
Gotta try the scallop noodles with truffle to start for sure as a memorable signature dish. Monday is half bottle wines too if you had a bad day.I heard good things about Ela from media accounts and some friends so, in a fit of nostalgic pining for the short-lived Ansill (and even missing the crazy diamond himself), I went with a group to the corner of third and Bainbridge.  The interior update still reminded everyone of the old tenant but the relentlessly stylized menu (in appearance and content) promised new and unique taste adventures.  
The actual plates were much more mundane, if tasty: standouts of the evening were the salmon carpaccio and hirasama appetizers ("fist bite"), excellent gnocchi (under the "second bite" rubric), and a deftly prepared Lancaster county chicken and tilefish plate.  The diver scallop noodles could have been made from any fish (both in texture and flavor), the whipped foie gras was just that, foie gras whipped into more ethereal texture (still expensive), and the duck was very tough.  The cheese plate consisted of just two pieces, both quality cheeses but is that what you expect from a $12 cheese plate?  I liked the two small manjari chocolate scoops with the coffee.
The small wine list is diverse and fairly priced, the cocktails are really, really good (you might even like their extravagant names).
All in all, a very enjoyable gastronomic evening (3.5 stars), with attentive and nice service).  Given the hype around the chef, expectations were a bit higher than what actually was delivered (reason for 3 stars).I felt like my experience at Ela started off great and just went down hill.  The atmosphere is very romantic, the bread was fantastic.  My partner's drink, the Lion's Tail, was incredible. The bartender even gave the recipe! But course after course got worse and worse. I had such high hopes :( I think this is a place where you really have to try everything on the menu to see what specifically goes with your taste. There was no cohesiveness in the courses or the menu in general which is really a shame.Came here for brunch and so EXTREMELY disappointed. Not what is expect from a top chef. The food lacked flavor and wasn't memorable. Avoid the short ribs Benedict. And way overpriced.Service was excellent, brunch was delicious, the place is super cute and trendy with a wine draft system. I had the confit chicken hash my hunny had the hanger steak, both very delicious. This was our best restaurant  experience during our weekend anniversary in Philly, wish we were staying for dinner.The London dungeon cocktail is phenomenal - loved it so much that we ordered a second round of it. The Gnocchi, lamb meatballs, pork shank and foie gras were parts of the meal that stood out.
Good service, delicious food and great ambiance - Ela definitely makes for a great evening out.3/17/2016
Nice place, friendly and attentive staff, creative cocktails, and great food.  Use the chef's three course menu and share the offerings to maximize the experience.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I would be less inclined to give Ela a rave review for fear of making it harder to get a table in the future. This place is well worth the effort.Took the advice of fellow Yelpers and came here for brunch. The service was on point from start to finish and the food was delicious! Tried the thick cut french toast, Breakfast gnocci and of course a side of what may have been the best bacon ever. If you are having cocktails, be sure to try the Seelbach! Its like a mimosa and an old fashioned had a baby. Yum!Cozy lively atmosphere. Delicious food! Excellent service.I can't believe how small the portions were. Not a fan of spending $200 on dinner and having to stop for a slice on the way home.Ela is a very good restaurant.  The scallop pasta is amazing.  All the dishes are well thought out and the execution is top notch. Great date restaurant.My wife and I met up with my son and his girlfriend for dinner in their neighborhood.  We wound up at Ela, which we had walked by numerous times, but not had an opportunity to dine before.  The food was excellent and the service was tremendous not to mention a cool building on top.  Relaxed 4 course meal.  A wonderful evening!!My fiance took me here for my birthday last night. We had reservations at 6:30. The place was half full by that point and completely full by the time we left. We decided to do the chef's special tasting menu - 6 courses for $65. Our server told us that the menu was completely separate from the regular menu but we had a request - no salmon (my fiance hates it), and we HAVE to have the whipped foie gras and veal sweetbreads. 
First course was fluke crudo with radishes, shiitake mushrooms and preserved cumquat - excellent. The fish was nice and delicate. Second course was the whipped foie gras. I can't describe - I could eat that foie gras from a jar with a spoon if mass produced. The coffee bread served with it was amazing. The foie gras was by far the best we have ever had. Simply wonderful. This was on the regular menu. Third course was monkfish cheek with home made angel hair pasta in a creamy artichoke sauce. I could eat a huge bowl of this. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the monk fish was so flavorful. This monkfish dish was different than what was on the regular menu. Fourth dish was graciously on the house as it was the veal sweetbreads that was on the regular menu. They were fried!! Amazing! If you have never had sweetbreads you are truly missing out. One of my all time favorites. Fifth course was braised pork cheek with crispy farrow (not on menu). This was delicious. I loved how nice and tender the cheek was and you also get the crunch of the farrow. Sixth course was wagyu beef in a bone  marrow sauce with broccoli rabe and fingerling potatoes and was deemed our 'entree' (not on menu). It was awesome. This was hands down the best piece of beef I have ever eaten. The bone marrow sauce was so amazing. The broccoli and potatoes were also delicious - the potatoes tasted like butter! Dessert was chocolate ganache and puff pastries. I can't exactly remember what kind of puff pastries they were but dessert was fabulous. I love chocolate ganache so I was ecstatic. 
Our server was very nice and the times between courses was perfect. I loved not knowing what I was going to be eating next. We cannot wait to come here again but next time it will be for brunch - biscuits and bone marrow gravy?! I am there!!!My husband and I were delighted by the phenomenal dinner we had at Ela. We went with the 4 course tasting menu and loved loved loved the beet tartare, kampachi, diver scallop noodles, duck, and short ribs. The octopus was good but not particularly notable. The deserts--- soft chocolate and the cookie dough--  were delicious.
For an outstanding dinner, in a low key, warm, and inviting venue, Ela is THE place. Ela stands out amongst our favorite Philly restaurants (e.g. Farm and the Fisherman, Talula's Garden) for being less pretentious, more reasonably priced, but equally exceptional in quality. A true neighborhood gem!Had an amazing meal on a Friday evening just before Christmas -- it was our first time and we both opted for the 5 course tasting.  Every dish was superb but the highlights of the meal were 1) scallop noodles (the chef has somehow managed to turn scallops into noodles) and 2) gnocchi (probably the best gnocchi I've had and I've eaten lots of gnocchi).
Can't recommend this place enough.  Prepare to pay, but it's worth every dollar.The savory dishes were decent, although some, like the grilled octopus, were overly complicated. The big let-down was the choice of desserts. The fact that none of them appealed to me enough to order one, despite me loving desserts, in general, speaks to the odd combination of ingredients. Overall, my impression is that their focus is on mixed drinks. Even the choice of wine was a bit limited.Enjoyed the chef's tasting menu for my husband's birthday with a group of friends. They seated us in a more private space in the back and chef Jason delivered some of our courses to us himself. Really enjoyed the first 5 courses (hamachi, pannecotta, octopus, venison, and rib eye steak), dessert was my least favorite. They had a great drink selection. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to others.Overall, was a good experience.  Kind of nice if you're on a date or looking to get a cocktail.  Decor was lovely ... romantic.  Food was very good.  Portions were kind of "fancy" ... short rib in the shape of a brick?  Yummy nonetheless.  I wouldn't make it a weekly place to visit because it is pricey, but worth the experience.Visiting from New Orleans and staying two blocks from Ela, we decided to give it a try. Everything was absolutely delicious and with such creative flavor. In addition to a fantastic dinner, we loved the atmosphere and the service was top notch. Anybody that doesn't give this place a try, doesn't know what they're missing. We'll definitely be going back to Ela on our next trip to Philly - highly recommend!My date and I both had the 4-course tasting menu and were both floored at how delicious everything tasted! The diver scallop noodles and lamb shank were standouts, and the cookie dough dessert is not to be missed.The beers are expensive, The entrees expensive and lacking authenticity. The service very sub par. Great space but the operator needs to make this place a warmer neighborhood dwelling. I live in the neighborhood and I've been there twice since the opening.TOP NOTCH. CAN I SAY THAT AGAIN? TOP NOTCH.
i felt like i was a celebrity. seriously.
and the food - OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG.
BEST TOMATO SOUP I HAVE EVER HAD.
and yes, i order tomato soup at a lot of places.
also had the scallops and the duck. amazing.Service was excellent. Fast, courteous, attentive. Spot on. One of the two best waiting experiences in my last fifteen years. 
The food was excellent. The chef's ability to work with flavor is a highlight. every dish was unique from anything I've tasted before - I was struck by the creativity in matching flavors. It all worked and well. Prep was solid - no surprises, bits of shell, strange textures, etc. Basically, what you expect out of a top restaurant.
Five plates was adequate for a party of two. We had hamachi - delicious. Very nice preparation. The oysters and their topping were very good (oysters I can take or leave, so this is a high compliment). From the description on the menu, we both thought they would arrive cooked - they were raw. Just as well. The scallop noodles were rich, having an array of flavors in different proportions in each bite. The "crab balls" or crab bahn cam was not my pick and was unexpectedly good. Finally, the gnocchi dish was pretty good - it was my dining partners favorite, however - so
Ela has two rooms - a main dining room with a full length bar and a less desirable smaller/open back room. We showed up as a party of two without reservations and given a seat in the back. Two of the four person tables in the main dining room were never used. Not a huge deal, but made me think to give four stars instead of five.Had been wanting to try Ela for the longest time, and just managed to get around to it.
The food is good, but when you stack up against other restaurants in the area, Ela falls short.
Portions are tiny for the price you pay...I say this even with a $30 gift card.
Will stick to Dimitris.Fantastic restaurant.  Went there on a Saturday evening for dinner with friends.  Arrived a little early and sat down at the bar whilst we awaited for the rest of our party.  The bartender was great with recommendations and they had a very full list of cocktails and wine to choose from.  They also have wine on tap, a fav or mine. I was even more impressed by how  gracious they were when I didn't love the cocktail I selected.    Dinner was fabulous.  Portions were appropriate size, what you should serve/eat which I found refreshing.  Everything was delicious, especially the gnocchi.  Service was on point.  They were attentive without being pushy.  I would totally return and totally recommend to friends.So we went back. Solely for drinks this time and they (along with the franklin mortgage) truly are the best drinks in Philadelphia. The care and knowledge each drink is made with is impressive. The mixologists here are passionate about good drinks. Go (and sit at the bar).We first had Jason Cichonski's cooking at Lacroix. It was stunning to see a veritable child come out to greet some guests. Talk about precocious! Jason blew us away again at our first meal at Ela last week. The whipped foie gras was so rich but so light, and we loved the quenelle shape he presented them in. The skate was easily the best I've ever had, and I had skate at L'Amboisie in 1997. The duck also-- yummy, provocative flavor combinations, as always. And the chef is beautiful as well. Life just isn't fair. But we can still eat his food, so things ain't so bad. The room's comfy, the wait women are pretty, and the bartender's good, too. We drove an hour to get there and we'll do it again soon.What a great place! Smaller menu with tasting and a la carte options available. Everything is garnished in Sauces and flavors that I wouldn't normally think to be delicious. Experiment here!! The signature dish is a "scallop noodle", which is a bowl of jumbo sized scallops cut into a spaghetti shape. The sauce changes regularly... It was delicious! Staff was great and so is the drinks menu. **Mondays they offer a 3 courses for $30 and half priced bottles of wine! Can't wait to go back.As a non-meat eater (I guess I am a pescetarian) I rarely have issues finding something to eat on a menu. At first glance at Ela's menu I thought I was going to be limited but the waitress was extremely helpful and my four course meal was delish from start to finish. 
I had the cauliflower soup for my first bite - given that it was 85 degrees this past Saturday in October I was glad to hear it was served chilled. The pickled cauliflower in the soup added a nice bite.  I had the "pretzeled" risotto for my next course, and the sphere of cheddar swirled in the dish added a great savory flavor.  I then had the gnocchi for my main course - hands down one of the best entrees I have ever eaten. A few in my party got it for their appetizers and agreed.
Finally, I'm not a dessert person, but since that was one of the courses, I ordered the warm cookie dough. Not only am I not a dessert fan, I am even less a cookie dough fan. Baked cookies - love them. Raw cookie dough - I don't get it. Or at least I didn't get it until I had this. Oh my God - literally the best dessert I have ever had in my life. I am literally using the word literally because I truly mean literally. 
Unlike some of the other reviewers our server was great - helpful and attentive. I will absolutely be going back and am recommending Ela to anyone who enjoys creative food in a cool restaurant atmosphere.Love the savory dishes at Ela. I cane here for dinner (short ribs are superb) and fro brunch. I thoroughly enjoyed both visits. The desserts I don't love.We heard that Ela had opened up in the old Ansill and Judy's Cafe space, and after reading multiple good reviews, we decided to head out to Ela for dinner on Friday night.
Food: 4.0 stars
We started with the Oysters-- The night's oysters were a East Coast oyster (5 served) that were fresh and delicious topped with a touch of fried shallots.  Definitely recommend starting with these if you enjoy oysters  Everyone around you will admire the starter.
We then shared the Short Ribs and the Skate.  The Short Ribs are fantastic but the cauliflower puree and the quiche like sides were bland and disappointing.  The Skate dish was all around amazing.  The fish was delicious and the accompanying mustard seed crisps and pickled beets were a perfect accompaniment.  I highly recommend the Shake platter.
Service: 4.5 stars
Service was excellent.  New plates were brought out for every course and the team was attentive without being overbearing.
Ambiance: 4.5 stars
The restaurant is beautifully designed and the bar is large and inviting.  There multiple tables in the front dining area and there is an additional dining area in the back along side the kitchen.  Ela did a great job transforming the space.
Location: 4.0 stars
If you haven't been out to 3rd and Bainbridge, definitely make it a priority to get out there.  Its a great spot with multiple dining options and a nice area to get away from all the hecticness of South Street.
Price: 3.5 stars
Compared to other fine dining restaurants, the pricing is actually pretty good.  For a similar meal at other restaurants with drinks you'd run $75 per person.  At Ela, th meal cost around $50 per person.
**Overall: 4.0 stars
The food was delicious.  The sides on the short rib platter could use some improvement but otherwise everything was excellent.  Service was good and it was a fun place to get drinks and dinner.  Definitely recommend trying out this new restaurant.  Show Ela your support.  You'll leave satisfied and probably a little drunk.Love, love, love this restaurant! Love the decor; lots of wood, exposed brick and metal but very warm and friendly. Love the service; knowledgeable, friendly but not hovering. LOVE the food! The kale salad is so light and fresh and tasty. The diver scallop noodles are to die for! Amazing knife skills to create the noodles from the scallops and they were served in a delicious bolognese sauce. And the skate was just incredible, perfectly cooked with crispy yucca. And the pumpkin pudding was a great exclamation point to a wonderful dining experience. If we lived in the neighborhood, my husband and I would be dropping in once a week to hang at the bar; enjoying a glass of wine,the kale salad and the diver scallop noodles.Creativity abbounds... New use for foam and whip.  Lot of pureed options that are unique and a twist.  Very good flavors here.  Short rib was tender and tasty.  Dont just try dinner service.  Go ahead and indulge in brunch.  Great menu option creative again and good homestly classics.  Service good !Gifts from the universe come in many shapes and sizes but having a creative, adroit, deliciously attractive restaurant helmed by Jason Chichonski in your neighborhood has got to be some kind of reward for an excess of good karma from all previous lives.  
Weekends, weeknights, early or late, it is all good.  And believe me when I say it is ALL good.  My recent revelation:  scallop noodles.  Udon-sized noodles made of carved scallops with a tangy curry cream sauce.  The banh is a life-affirming favorite as well.Ela is a perfect place for anything kind-of night.. casual with friends, business or a date! I tried it out for the first time tonight and it happened to be Wine week. I can't say anything bad; I love the place. 
My most favorite dish of the 5-course meal was the organic chicken. It was the most tender chicken I've ever had- I highly recommend it.  To say the least, I left happy with the experience & very full.Went on Saturday of the three day MLK weekend. Very busy so only went to bar. The best drinks and bartender will make drink less sweet, dryer, whatever you want. Exactly what you want!!! Love this place!!!!!One of the absolute worst restaurant experiences I have ever had.  Had to wait 10 minutes to be seated for a reservation, but that happens.  Had to wait about 15 minutes for waiter to ask for a drink order after being seated.  Had to wait another 15 minutes for the drinks.  The service never got better, actually got worse.  Food served cold, wine recommendations dead wrong in terms of sweet or dry.  Absolutely horrible.I had the Red Pepper and Sweet Potato Soup, Diver Scallop Noodles, NY Strip Steak, and cookie dough for dessert.  I enjoyed the soup, which had a lot of unique flavors.  The scallops were different as I've never had noodles that were made of scallops.  The NY strip was good as well, but if I am comparing with other places I would say above average but not the best out there.  You can tell they are trying to play with flavors, but in some ways it's too much.  Good place to try overall.  Has potential.Such a hard place to review! Everything I'll say will be more or less positive but yet I'm in no rush back. Confusing.
Super friendly hostess who greeted us upon arrival
Warm and inviting dining room
Excellent cocktails (I mean really excellent)
Knowledgable server
Spot on service from start to finish from all staff we encountered
Like the location 
Tiny portions (and being from Europe we're used to much smaller portions than the norm in philly however these portions are small by anyone's standards)
Food prices are a little on the high side for what you get
Food, the main star, the lead act... was ok. Nice. Completely edible. Was it delicious and did it warrant the price or the size? No in my opinion
So all in all a positive experience yet with that said I wouldn't rush back and wouldn't necessarily recommend it to anyone. If I happen to be passing again I'd stop by for a drink or two but I'd pass on the food.My fiance and I have been here twice. Once for brunch and once for happy hour. Happy Hour for beer was great- $3 a draft and a good selection! The ambiance is awesome, the staff is always very friendly and knowledgeable without being pretentious and the food and cocktails/beer selection are amazing! We introduced two of our friends, who are chefs at another location restaurant and therefore fairly discriminating and they loved it. Will be back! Wish we lived a bit closer...we would come in more often.I had a few places I wanted to try in Philadelphia that had been opened by Top Chef contestants. I'm not saying that these are the most amazing chefs in the world, but they definitely have great restaurants and it seems like respectable chefs enjoy their food as I would. 
On the most recent season of Top Chef, Jason Cichonski was able to make these really cool scallop noodles. Since I was in the city where he opened his restaurant, I thought why not? 
I ordered a la carte since there were some items that interested me more than others. 
Whipped Foie Gras - since California has banned the sale of foie, I can't have it as much as I want (for other reasons too, like my body). However, since I was on vacation, anything went. I definitely wanted to get the foie gras. I think mine came with like a banana bread or some sort of sweet bread and it was so delicious. 
Diver Scallop "Noodles" Stir Fry - I saw him make these on top chef and definitely decided that I needed to get there. It was a light Asian inspired dish, but I really enjoyed it. I know that the bartender said that the chef definitely changes the menu up, but this was his favorite rendition of it. Overall, super impressed and amazing concept.
Gnocchi - I'm all for Italian food and gnocchi has got to be one of my favorite pastas. I think it's just the intensity that goes into making the dishes that makes me so impressed and honestly, so in love with it. It came with bacon and was just so delicious. Definitely filled me up if I wasn't already full before. Light but super filling.
Cookie Dough - dessert! They basically barely bake the cookie and then top it with an ice cream. I didn't know exactly what it was going to be like, but it was super sweet and good. At one point, the ice cream melted so much that it just wasn't as amazing. 
Overall, I had a great meal and a great experience at Ela. Honestly, I place I would definitely revisit when I go back to Philadelphia. The bartender was awesome and the place was surprisingly empty and quiet for a Tuesday night, but I enjoyed some amazing food.Went for a dinner date on Monday evening and had a pretty good time. First off, I'll mention it was pretty hard for me to decide between a 3 and 4 star -- reason being I mostly enjoyed everything I had -- but it was more of the price that drove the rating down. 
Happy hour has some decent selections, $5 bartenders choice and $3 drafts were great and I had a $4 Painkiller which was well made but gone in a few sips! The bartender was great -- perfect actually. Great at conversations, good recommendations for wine with our dinner etc. 
On Mondays they have a $30 3 course prix-fix dinner & 1/2 off bottles of wine. Our dinner for two was roughly $60 per person including tip which isn't terrible ( but I also only ordered an appetizer and small plate, no entre or dessert). 
My partner started off with the sweet corn soup -- which was delicious, but just oh so small. I'm a small girl, but I could finish that in one giant not so dainty gulp. The presentation was lovely though -- they have the shrimp in the bowl, and the server pours the soup into the bowl upon presentation, but it was in such a shallow dish I wish there was more.. especially for $13 
I had the kombu cured fluke crudo $14 which was again delicious, but sooo tiny. I'll be honest, I could have finished that dish in one bite, but alas I am a lady. 
The radish and watermelon were very refreshing and brought a great brightness to the dish. I just try to be fair with my ratings, and at Prime Rib they have a tuna tartare at $18 but they give loads of tuna chunks. Again it was good, but I had a problem with the portion size -- I suppose a personal preference though.
I had the scallop " noodles" $16 which was my favorite dish of the night, and contrary to the other dishes, worth the price 100% for creativity, originality and taste. I definitely recommend this to any scallop or seafood fan.
Overall I had a good dinner, but found most of it to be small portions with a high price tag -- with the exception of the scallop noodles nothing else truly blew me away.Good food, wine and cocktails. Great ambiance. I'm a fan. Highly recommend the octopus, scallop noodles and short rib. They also have good happy hour specials.Had dinner here with my girlfriend and a couple of foodie friends after reading the rave reviews.  We had very high expectations and they were, for the most part, met. While a bit over-priced, the food and drinks were all unique and thoroughly enjoyable.  The much-celebrated hot chocolate cookie dough desert, however, fell disappointingly short. 
We started with a round of drinks that were all humorously named and equally as interesting.  I had the "Sowing Season" a combination of scotch, Yard's Love Stout, and maraschino cherry liquor -- FANTASTIC.  Certainly among the top drinks I've had in the city.  Right up there with Zahav's Marble Rye and many of the drinks at Franklin Mortgage and Investment.  My girlfriend went for the "Last Chance to Lose Your Keys" and loved how you could taste both the citrus and the rosemary (and, of course, the tequila).  A friend ordered the "Jude Law and a Semester Abroad" and found his to be similary citrusy and enjoyable. 
The menu was a bit intimidating at first, with choices for First, Second, and Third bites.  We were all hungry, but didn't know how much we should order, especially since the first and second bites all ranged between $10-15.  We settled to share three of the second bites for the table: the Truffle Banh Cam, Gnocchi, and Diver Scallop "Noodles".  They were all incredibly tasty.  I especially enjoyed the scallop noodles: the texture was soft and the salty buttery flavor was  a wonderful experience. 
For my entree, I chose the Duck Magret.  I was a tad disappointed to see that the pretzel spaetzle that had seemed so appealing on the online menu had been replaced by polenta.  However, I was not disappointed at all with what came out.  The duck was perfectly cooked, with crispy skin and a nice hint of smoke that paired well with the polenta.  My girlfriend had the Skate that was similarly well cooked and paired wonderfully with a mustard wafer; however, the sun-choke puree was a bit bland. 
For desert I chose the Hot Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough that I had heard and read much about.  I was especially interested since it has been compared to Barbuzzo's Salted Caramel Budino, which is quite possibly the best desert I have ever had.  Unfortunately, the desert fell short.  The flavors were interesting, and the desert's design (especially the liquid "cookie dough") was incredibly innovative.  However, the banana puree was a bit off-putting and the banana chips were a bit too strong in flavor.  It was good, but nothing more.  My girlfriend chose the Manjari Chocolate that was rich and enjoyable, but oddly-conceived. Both deserts were not worthy of the $11 price tag. 
In the end, Ela stood up well against our high expectations.  We would certainly recommend it to anyone interested in great drinks and interesting, innovative, and eclectic modern cuisine.Second meal this week at Ela which was just as good, if not better, than the first. Flavor and creativity never lacking. Kale salad & gnocchi are great starters - salmon & duck were excellent entrees. The food, service & atmosphere really make for an enjoyable dining experience.Came here for Sunday morning brunch. Started with a smokey rye Bloody Mary that the staff recommended. It was excellent. We had an appetizer of crime brle beignets. I thought Bayou Bakery in Arlington, Va had the best beignets I ever tasted (including many in New Orleans) but Ela beat them. This is a beautiful restaurant with perfect customer service. We'll be back on a future visit.O-M-G. From the smoked olive oil & focaccia to the baked potato gnocchi to the pork shoulder, everything was absolutely mind-blowing! I highly highly recommend this gem to everyone!After seeing the reviews about this place, I was really excited to try it out. The decor, as others have noted, is really cool. The service is amazing. We had some sort of kale salad app, as well as, a gnocchi appetizer. Both were great (I especially liked the salad). My husband, had a beef dish that was decent (not incredible, but good). So why only three stars. I ordered a chicken dish that they had the menu at the time. It was not very good (the chicken had a sort of rubbery texture and did not seem fresh). I was hungry - so I ate it anyway. Fast forward an hour or so and I was not doing well at all. Perhaps I was already ill, and the chicken was just a coincidence...but it's been enough to keep me away.Overall impression was mixed. We really liked cheese plate including blue hazen with candied pear and foie gras but octopus fell short. Veal meatballs were flat. Halibut with fresh celery and the short ribs with homemade A1 steak sauce were the winners. Friendly waitstaff but took a while to get wine. Ambiance A+ but only if they could fill it up on a Friday night.We've enjoyed Ela since it opened, even
moreso lately. What started off as a seemingly adventurous and experimental menu had mellowed into a diverse, tasty, seasonal, and we'll rounded array of small plates, cocktails, wines, beers and desserts that are well thought out.
Tonight we had the beet tartar, foi gras, noodles, short rib, banana de la creme, cheese plate, and various cocktails and wine.
The folks.behind the bar are masters of the cocktail, we had delicious Old Fashioned and a twist on the Old Fashioned with some spices and citrus right for the season.
The food was all beautifully plated, fresh, some surprising combinations but in a good way.
I like Ela more and more as it grows into it's skin. There's always a good atmosphere and group of people which adds to the experience.
Another gem in Queen Village!Went to Ela for the second time last night and had once again-- a fantastic meal. My dad- who is VERY picky, absolutely loved everything- from the unique cocktails to the dessert. Ela is perfect for anyone who wants very high quality, seasonal ingredients done in an innovative and completely unique preparation. Pickle sponge on Oysters? yes, Scallops made into pasta (GF)- yep; Quinoa puff? yes, you get the picture.This review is for the drink menu only as I have never eaten here - doesn't seem that veg friendly... But im a fan of the drinks.  I am a huge sucker for a fancy cocktail and absolutely every drink is amazing.   My old favorite was sowing season and my new fave is static age.  
The bartenders are delightful and there is never a dull moment sitting at the bar at ela.  
Hopefully ill be back as soon as my budget allows- because expect a drink to set you back 12-15.  Whatever though- absolutely worth it!This Queen Village hotspot had long been on my list but my interest was recently piqued after Chef Jason Cichonski's appearance on Top Chef.  We made the reservation and the BF and I showed up on a late rainy Friday night.  The space was modern and intimate, part sexy interiors and part Mumford and Sons, and the food was actually pretty good.  Not only did it look beautiful, but tasted great to boot.
What I liked:
-The scallop noodles, as gimmicky as they seem (I agree with Michelle C on this one), were actually really tasty.  And it's innovative (I haven't seen this elsewhere).  I was also really enjoying the sauce; it reminded me of the Foie Gras soup at Sbraga.
-The "duck steak" had excellent flavor and a nice ratio of meat to fat.  The sides were also pretty good, but the meat was terrific and the real star of the dish
-The beet tartare I thought was really creative and well done; the flavors reminded me a little bit of home cooking and the portion size was just right
-The banana creme brulee was terrific, especially with the coffee crunch and peanut butter ice cream
-The service was extremely attentive and we were very well taken care of throughout the dinner.  Also the pacing of the meal was just right.
What I didn't like:
-The whipped foie gras had great flavor, but the composition felt more like dessert than an appetizer.  It was too sweet and the foie gras seemed a bit flavorless
-My salmon entree was ok; the quinoa had some weird flavors to it (I couldn't tell if it was bacon or an herb or something else).  I would have preferred the duck
-My cookie dough dessert had way too much salt in it; every bite packed a huge salty punch that felt less like a flavor enhancement and more like me wanting to reach for my water glass
-They were out of the octopus, which my BF wanted to order
-A lot of the dishes used elements and garnishes that were repetitions of each other, and the colors seemed very monochromatic, like shades of brown.
Overall, I thought this was an excellent meal and I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu or try the brunch.  The bar scene also looked really fun too, so at the very least I'd come back for drinks.Visited this place with a couple of friends, and wasn't too impressed. Between the 4 of us, we ordered the short rib, gnocchi, and Lancaster chicken. The first two were way too salty, felt like I needed to down a ton of water. The chicken was really good, formed into rounds but still moist with a nice crisp skin. 
The service was very attentive, they kept our waters refilled without any prompt. The tab came out to over $80 before tip for the 3 small entrees + 1 beer, which makes me think it's not really worth the price. The ambiance is dark and romantic, so it'd be good for a date. Just be sure to plan on eating beforehand, or grabbing a bite on South Street right after.Sat at the bar and the bartender was a good conversationalist.  He made me a wonderful cocktail with a rosemary sprig.
First, house made bread came out with smoked olive oil that was moist and very flavorful.  Second I had the gnocchi, so fresh that it could have been made an hour before i had it.  Then came the grand finally, the pork shank.  This thing was a monster piece of fall off the bone meat.
Two words, totally satisfyingI had dinner here last night with two friends, and was really happy i went. The decor inside is warm and cozy, but also very sophisticated. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars and not 5 is because the service was very slow. 
I started with wine and ended up getting the halibut as an entree. It was spectacular and had just enough spice to it. My friends got the kale (also very good, hint of mustard), salmon carpaccio, hamachi, and octopus  - they really liked it.
All in all a great dinner, minus the bad service.I dine out often and have dined at some of the finest restaurants. Our group had one of our best and most memorable meals. The cauliflower soup was fabulous as was everything else we ordered. The bartender and serving staff were very knowledgable. The atmosphere was warm and noise level comfortable even with a fully booked dining room. I would go out of my way to dine here!We hosted a private party at Ela and everything was amazing! The food, the service, the atmosphere! I definitely recommend using Ela for any dining experience or private party!Great brunch place. I ordered the Ela burger and my husband ordered the Biscuits and gravy. Our server warned us that the burger is a reddish color because of the preservatives and not because it is undercooked. I appreciated the pre-emptive warning and the burger was delicious. My husband really liked his biscuits and gravy. We also ordered three samplings for the cheese plate and it was absolutely delicious. For our first round of drinks we both had the Seelbach and it was incredible. We then made the mistake of ordering a second round but went with the drink that had scotch, absinthe, lime, lemon and egg white. I forget the name and I swear I have had it there before and it was very good. This time it was absolutely awful and borderline undrinkable. We should have said something so that is in us but it was probably top 5 worst cocktails I've ever had. I don't know what happened but the drink was not balanced and honestly downright disgusting this time around. Again, its on us- we should have said something and next time if it happens we will but it was definitely enough to kill the vibe just a bit.These folks take everything about the dining experience seriously. From cocktails to meals and dessert. Wait staff and bartender know their stuff and will respond to all your questions with detailed answers. Looking forward to returning hereWe first read about Ela as a tasting menu, but alas we only had a weekend in Philly and chose to go elsewhere for dinner. This proved to be a blessing in disguise because we did brunch at Ela instead, and it was quite the treat! 
Located on a corner of a quiet street, with light pouring in, it it is a perfect brunch spot, great for chatting. Menu options are adequate even if not extensive. Would recommend the extra crispy hash brown (comes as a side, but we ordered extra of it), which was uncommonly good, and the chocolate cookie dough French toast to share (it's delicious, but will get cloyingly sweet if you finish it by yourself).A real pleasure.  Oysters with a hint of horseradish and tarragon, kale that tastes better than it makes you feel and a golden beet salad that I had to eat slowly so that it wouldn't end.  Light portions bursting with flavor. I just finished and I feel good and full.  The service and drink selection are great too.Love it.I like this place, and I like that they have late-night happy hour, but man...the portions are kind of tiny if you're here after dark.  Being that my stomach is about the size of a thumbtack, that's really saying something.  I enjoyed what we ordered (3 plates of tater tots, kale salad, nuts, chips, etc), but it was slightly difficult to split between our group of six, so I left a little hungry.  The food was all very good - there just wasn't enough of it.  Their beer list was pretty awesome and I thought their alcohol prices were decent.  I definitely want to come back here, but I think I'll try dinner instead because I have a feeling those portions are slightly bigger/more along the lines of what I'm looking for.What a mess. Really looking forward to tasting a few dishes on this menu and enjoying a night with friends. The service should have had the Yakety Sax tune to soundtrack their hot mess service. It is pretentious and mismanaged. 
It is understandable that when the house fills up, it is next to impossible to touch every table. But after the 20 min wait for drinks, we saw 2 servers just walk by as our drinks were sitting waiting to be brought to the table. 
Food was ok, nothing to write home about, for what the check came out to...we could have eaten like kings anywhere else in that neighborhood. I vote skip it.Wonderful food.
You can't get more exciting and ambitious cooking in Philadelphia for anything close to this price point.  This is really one of the best restaurants in Philly.
Oysters, scallop "pasta," Salmon carpaccio, duck, bean-stuffed rice balls were all delicious.  The cocktails were also inventive and delicious.
People have complained about the portion sizes - I think for the quality of the cooking the place is a value.  My date and I shared two firsts, two seconds, a main, and 4 drinks.  It was about $160 with tax and tip.
That said, if you want heaping portions of comfort food, (which for some reason some reviewers expected here) go somewhere else.The food and service are the best in the city! This is impresive for a new restaurant!
I LOVED IT!!!! Will be back often.High end restaurant with great service but the setting is very laid-back and "trendy casual"
Can choose 4, 5 or 6 course tasting menu.. prices are reasonable at $45, $55, and $65 respectively.
Top items:
- Diver scallop noodles (signature dish)
- roasted beet tartare
- short rib
- octopus
- japanese kampachi
- foie gras
Also offer brunch on weekends (short rib benedict and bone-marrow gravy & biscuits)Zero complaints.  Awesome cocktails! We went with the tasting menu and loved every course!Wow! I can't believe I haven't been here sooner. My friend was visiting from out of town so my fianc and I decided to try something new for brunch and wow, so glad we did. My friend got the burger which she said may have been the best she's ever had. I had the grilled cheese which definitely was the best grilled cheese I've ever had and my fianc loved his gnoochi dish. Service was attentive and friendly. Food was phenomenal. Cocktails are also amazing. Do yourself a favor and go!Great little spot. Went for brunch, and was unimpressed. But drinks and apps were really good. Grilled octopus, beets tartare, shrimp dumplings were all delicious. The bread and smoked olive oil are yum-my. Space is great. Staff is nice and attentive. Really cute place. Go check it out. This may be my new go-to place after work.We stumbled into Ela on a hot summer night. It was the oasis we were looking for. Not sure how we got so lucky but I loved [almost] everything about this place. We're new to town and have very little idea what's going on 99% of the time so we were pretty excited about this.
Drinks: Ordered three drinks. The lady wasn't a fan of the first cocktail and as soon as they heard her utter those words, they generously took it away and said they'd be happy to make a different drink, no questions asked. I, on the other hand, had the "psyco killer" and boy was it good. The bar tenders were also hilarious and very friendly. 
Food: I ordered a burger off their late night menu and I can confidently say it's one of the best burgers I've ever had. The ground beef had been cured somehow so although they recommended medium rare, it wasn't mushy inside at all and had the flavor profile of a pastrami burger but about 10x better. We also ordered the chickpea fries and the octopus. Both were delightful. Also, we have a food allergy in the group and they really went above and beyond in ensuring there was no contamination. Even washed their hands between different meals to make sure we didn't have anything mixed. And they didn't seem upset about it at all. 
The only negative thing I have to say, and it's minor because it certainly wasn't a surprise, is that the regular menu is not cheap and the portions are such that you'd really have to order a few dishes per person to leave full. Ela is positioned as denim fine dining and did a great job exceeding our expectations. 
Very fun spot and seems like it'd be good for both large or small groups.Went in for valentines dinner so some of my observations may be off.  Went with the 4 course prefix menu, generally these types of menus cost a premium but I would hope the regular menu doesn't cost the same for what you get.  Quite small plates, even for high end restaurant standards.  My bass was delicious, as were the strawberry creme brulee and Mexican corn noodles.  My first bite (tuna crudo) left something to be desired, a little bland but at least a good product.  My only real issue was the stampeding of waiters back and forth, I know valentines day is busy but it seemed a little frantic as 5 servers would walk in line in and out of the kitchen.  Really nice rustic decor and I didn't feel like I was sitting on other guests despite the small size of the space inside.Fantastic meal here on Saturday night. The dining room and the bar was packed when we arrived at 845. Our service was slow as a result, which is the reason I dropped from 5 to 4 stars. What was really impressive was how packed it was even though it was restaurant week and they were not participating. That's a true testament to the quality of the restaurant. The food was amazing and the bar program and wine list was killer as well. We had a few cocktails to start, a we were younger then for me and a number 5 with a bullet for the lady. Both stellar preparations. I sucked mine down in three sips. It was amazing.
We split a bottle of wine after that, and excellent falaghina from Italy, crisp and acidic white wine. We decided to order one 5 course tasting menu and supplement in an extra bite and and extra dessert. Our order was as follows:
Hiramasa crudo, scallop noodles, gnocchi, pork terrine, roasted salmon, warm cookie dough and mint julep panna cotta.
There was not a missed dish in the lot. Each and every dish was well executed and flavorful. The hiramasa crudo was bomb. Simple preparation, but huge flavors. The scallop noodles lived up to the hype, although I could have done without the salad on top. Texture of noodles was amazing. The gnocchi might hve been the best bite of the night. They were ridiculously tender and soaked up the flavoring of the baked potato fixings so incredibly well. The pork terrine was fantastic as well. Again perfect texture and an incredible flavor as well. 
The roasted salmon dish was really a treat as well. It had incredibly crispy skin that cracked like a piece of glass when it was broken into. I really enjoyed the yellow beets with the Thai chili mixed in and then mixing into the hearts of palm pure. Desserts were again amazing. The warm cookie dough was stupendous. Only issue was it was so warm it melted the ice cream quite a bit before digging in. It was literally like liquid cookie dough that was warm. Amazing. The mint julep panna cotta was boozy as all hell, but really delicious. It was shaped like a panna cotta, but it was still delicious. It actually made it easier to combine all the flavors into each bite. Very well done.
I will be back very soon. Place is amazing. Mondays they do half price bottles of wine. Awesome deal.We booked this place for Mother's Day brunch, and were more than a little nervous when we walked in and the place was empty. But when we got the menu, we understood why: it wasn't really a brunch menu, it was more of a dinner menu with scaled down portions.
The service was knowledgable and courteous, though it was weird to have more servers than diners in the restaurant. We were told that there were $10 sangrias, so we ordered two glasses. The flavor was extremely diluted because they were white wine-based yet the drink was three-fourths ice. 
After the sub-par drinks, we were worried about the food. However, the pea soup was absolutely delicious, a true showcase of the freshness of the ingredients with unique texture and flavor provided by the poppyseed meringue. Other members of my party enjoyed their salmon tartar. I had the gnocchi for my main and was delighted with the fluffy, pillowy texture and the light yet creamy hazelnut sauce. The dates added a great sweet flavor. The rest of my party had the halibut, which they loved. However, the portions were all different sizes, with one person's piece of halibut almost half the size of everyone else's.
Even as a tiny Asian, I found that the portions were a little on the small side. But then again, that's partially because the gnocchi was so good, I definitely would have loved to have a few more forkfuls! Also, the brunch menu, at $45 per person, was on the pricey side considering how much food we got.
I'm decided to give this place a four-star rating because their food deserves five stars. The service is great too. However, the portion control and drinks still need some work. As a new restaurant, they're still clearly working out some kinks, but based on the high quality of the food, I'm looking forward to seeing this place come into its own.Appetizers were great but the main dishes were fair.  Service was a little "rough."I will start off by saying this is my good friend's favorite place, and perhaps it was just an off night, but this was my experience.
 We arrived at our reservation a few minutes late (maybe 5 or 7) and our table was not ready yet. The hostess did not offer to assess the situation any further until prompted with questions except to say that they had "been there for a while."  There was no room at the bar, so they offered to call us when the table opened up. 45 minutes past the original reservation I got a phone call saying "they had a table for us", as if we had been a walk-in. Just a little irritating. 
As for the food, the bread and smoked olive oil was very good. The house made pasta stood out, as well as the scallop dish. Everything else was meh. My skate was kind of mushy and hollow, and the other entrees we ordered (short rib that came shaped like a packed short rib brick, and the duck) were not very good. The duck came with some kind of sauted green that was over-salted so badly it must have been an accident.
Dessert was not bad. I had the cookie dough. All in all I was anticipating better. I did really like the look of the restaurant and bar.Exceptional meal at Ela. If you like a well made cocktail, then Alex the bartender has you covered! In terms of food, be sure to try the the chefs tasting. It's six courses designated by the kitchen. You can request items from the menu that you'd prefer, but the chef mainly runs the show.... and rightfully so! Each course is packed with delicious bites that encompass all of the tasty elements. I especially love the scallop noodles. You must try them! And the foi gras? So good. I can't wait to go back again. Cheers!Outstanding Brunch, very hipsterish 
Ommegang Hennepin (great cokctail beer, and Wine by the glass lists)
House made sticky buns as a amuse du buche of sorts, WOW!
Ducksberry bay oysters with pomegranate vinaigrette and bacon fat (great flavors and preparation)
Short rib Benedict was delicious (tender, falling apart short rib, perfectly cooked poached egg, caramelized cippolini onions, all melted together)
Coffee smoked bacon as a side, thick cut and cooked perfectly !
Butternut squash French toast with Espresso syrup and RIcotta (?) cheese, great combination
Service was outstanding, very knowledgeable and attentiveThe hype surrounding this place is definitely justified. I had heard amazing things and dinner on a Friday night was a memorable experience.
I tried both the gnocchi and scallop noodles as an appetizer. I'm usually not a big fan of dates but it was a great complement to the pasta. It should be noted their house bread is so unique and sopped up the sauce perfectly. Out waitress was not shy about refilling our bread either. The noodles are nothing short of genius. They have to be one of the most creative dishes I've ever had and my only complaint is I wish there were more.
The entrees I was not as impressed with as my duck overall was on the boring side. There accompanying ingredients were few and far between and overall needed more sauce for flavor. They did not ask how I wanted it cooked and I would have preferred it less well done after tasting what came out. Ela redeemed itself when the cookie dough dessert came out as it disappeared before I think it even hit the table. 
The other things worth mentioning is my first cocktail which had both whiskey and beer in it and tasted amazing, my dream come true. Also, the bathrooms are tiny and the trashcans were overflowing on this night. Finally our two top was right in the servers line of passage so my broad shoulders consistently got the passer by bump. 
Nonetheless, the creativity and flavors of this menu alone warrant a return visit in the near future.I really wanted to love Ela. Really.
I had been dying to since I had read about its impending opening at the old Ansill spot.
I've tried Jason Cichonski's food before at Lacroix (Chef's Table) and at Mica where he was the opening chef. Having had great prior experiences, I figured this one would be the ultimate one since he was finally running his own kitchen.
Unfortunately, 15 min after having been seated, we see him run out with a bottle of bubbly in hand. Granted, it was a Sunday night and it was rather slow but it's still disappointing to see the chef whose food you came to eat, leave before you even got served.
Without being a cocktail expert, our party of 5 enjoyed our drinks thoroughly. Unfortunately, they didn't have the wine we had picked.
Two dishes stood out to me: the Whipped Foie Gras and the Scallop Noodles. Actually, the Halibut was raved about by Sandy (my wife), so make that 3.
The rest came up short of my expectations (in respect to what I had sampled from this chef before). The Pork Belly was incredibly fatty (I love fat but that was too much for me to handle), my brother's Duck was slightly too cooked and the Banh Cam was a bit too greasy.
Now for the 2 things that irked me:
- the Halibut was described as coming with Morels but they were substituted by Chanterelles without prior notification. I'm sure it wasn't on purpose at all but the fact is the dish was ordered mainly because it was supposed to come with Morels.
- after being handed the dessert menu, we all elect to have coffee only to be told that the coffee machine is broken. Again, prior notification would've been appreciated.
Visibly disappointed, we were graciously offered dessert to as an apology for the Morels/Chanterelles mishap.
I really hope it was just a bad day for Ela and that next time I'll be able to bump it up a star or two.Came to Ela on a whim tonight. Never been, but saw it coming back from a regular place we go to on Catherine. It is kind of hard to see from outside, but the place is charming and amazing inside.  The bartender, Maria is so informative (I told her I want dry, full bodied red... I GOT the best wine I've ever tasted, on point!)
Can't wait to come back for dinner!!!This place was majorly disappointing. I dropped almost $200 on my future-wife's birthday dinner and we had high hopes for the five-course tasting menu. The meal went from polite acceptance at the beginning with the first course and ended in despair with POUND CAKE. They claimed this was some special dessert but just because it's got a foreign sounding-name doesn't excuse that it's just 1/20th of an Entenmann's from the local Acme soaked in lemon juice. 
Yes presentation, nice. Service, fine. I'd even admit that the decor is cool. BUT THE FOOD is not good, underflavored and overpriced. I couldn't get the idea of a slice of pizza off South Street out of mind as I walked out of the restaurant. Sadly, cannot recommend.I had wanted to try Ela since I first started reading reports on it's opening in Queen's Village. It took a few months before I had a reason to force my fiance to dine out - MY BIRTHDAY - and made my own reservations there for a Friday evening.
The corner restaurant has a lovely ambiance inside, rustic chic, laid back with a large bar dominating one side of the main dining area. Take note of that bar because you will have to check out the cocktail list - I absolutely insist that you do. When we were first handed the drink menu, I hesitated over ordering a cocktail because I am not much of a cocktail drinker. At all. Really ever. So I went my safe route with a glass of white wine while my fiance decided on 'Jude Law and a Semester Abroad' containing gin, burnt sugar, absinthe, and lemon (and I chuckled over the Brand New song names of drinks). His drink was beautiful, served in a martini glass, and after I managed to snatch his glass off the table for a sip I realized that I had no chance of sneaking this delicious elixir away from him now. It was too good. My wine was good too, but not THAT good.
Of course, my main reason for dining there was food, and my Yelp insight provided me with a few options to try. We shared the diver scallop noodles in a thai peanut sauce, and WOW was that dish made for me. If you love scallops, but especially their tender, succulent texture, this method is something to try (and one I'll try myself hopefully soon). The thai peanut sauce was light but still flavorful. We also shared the truffle banh cam, whose two crispy balls came with white beans, prunes, and jalapeo romesco. We only needed about half of the prunes since their flavor quickly overpowers the truffle if you add too much to each bite. I would've liked more of the jalapeno romesco, personally, but otherwise the dish was a fun combination of flavors.
I told my fiance we had to try the duck magret with baby carrots, rhubarb sauce, and burnt onion pancake, which he happily agreed to. We both love fish, and on our server's recommendation also ordered the halibut with morel mushrooms, english peas, and longattelli. I was initially surprised at how thickly cut the duck was, but boy was that duck tender with perfectly crispy skin. My fiance took one bite and declared it the best duck he's ever had. But you must eat the duck with the other dish components, ESPECIALLY the rhubarb sauce because the combination of tangy sweet with the savory duck is just perfect. Our first bite of the halibut was fantastic...but each subsequent bite made us pause until we both looked at each other and agreed: SALT. That dish was OVER SALTED. And it ruined the dish! Tender halibut, fresh peas, handmade longattelli and our favorite morel mushrooms! RUINED! Thank goodness the servers were so on top of refilling water because we downed at least two glasses because of that dish. 
We were quite full after that, and declined dessert (the offerings that night didn't sound very interesting IMHO anyway), and opted to slowly walk off both the effects of food and drink. We will definitely be back with friends soon, to try more cocktails and the other dishes that we missed! Hopefully the salt issue won't appear again...We just dined at Ela... coming back after a few years.  Sadly the restaurant was empty... that said, the svc was excellent and the food was as good as we remembered.  The scallop noodles are the restaurant specialty and every bit as good as we remembered, the octopus appetizer was tasty, and the lemon bar was excellent, drinks were unusually tasty as well.  I would truly rec this restaurant!Went here for brunch on their first day serving it.  It was great.  I had the biscuits and bone marrow gravy along with a couple of their Beet Juice Bloody Mary's and everything was delicious!  The beet juice bloody tastes as rich as a tomato juice bloody, but is more refreshing.  The service was especially good.  There was a minor mishap with my dish and the server was very attentive.  The manager came by to apologize and took good care of us.  I'll definitely be back for brunch and now I'll have to check them out for dinner as well.On Valentine's evening, the place was booked solid. The 4 course prie fixe menu was very good, with a surprisingly well created carrot salad and a so-so tuna appetizer. Tasty smoked Olive oil was served with the bread. Entrees of braised short ribs were quite delicious, with adequate portion size on oversized plates, making it seem smaller than it actually was. 
Dessert of warm chocolate pudding was pedestrian. 
The cocktails and wine list were creative and good, and the service, by a virtual army of wait staff , was polite and professional, if slightly rushed. 
I would go back, but on a non-holiday when I'd expect this rating to go higher.The menu is excellent- scallop noodles, duck thigh steak, octopus-- all the dishes we had were amazing - true culinary talent.  The bartender was also very knowledgeable and helped pair wines perfectly with our food. Not to miss fine dining experience. 
We're headed back for brunch now!I absolutely adore this place. I love the ambiance. The cocktails are made to perfection, and it is very fun to watch the mixologist do his thing. The little plates are never disappointing with variety of texture and flavor. I cannot say I had one bad or just okay dish here. I can't wait to go back again.Came here for brunch! I got the breakfast gnocchi which was just the right size to be filling enough. I also got a bloody mary which was standard, but good - not like most places that just cheat you out of 10 bucks and don't give you enough vodka with the mix. The place itself is pretty low key, perfect for Sunday morning. They also have enough space to accommodate some bigger groups too. 
Service was excellent!This place is slightly expensive but their food is to die for. We had a 3 course meal and all of their dishes are so amazing.Extremely delicious cocktails, lots of half priced vouchers available on Gilt City, and beautiful decor make this place a great spot.  The food was very tasty but a little heavy, blessing(?) then that the portions are small.  Good combinations and really yummy bread service.  Awesome desserts.The Foie, omg, is definitely a must try. Don't have much to say about anything else, it didn't leave too much of an impression, service was ok. The atmosphere was - dark? Not much decor. But the Foie, was the star of the night.Ela was this corner street restaurant that camouflages itself as a neighborhood pub! Took a reservation for a Friday night 8 pm. Walking in the mood was set with lovely dim lights, slick bar and ample seating. Maintained sophistication and the crowd was chit chatty! 
Seated near the window, the view was engaging while being served with tap water listening to, what I presume spotify chill radio. 
Had the scotch old fashioned, bomb!!! Hit the spot and it is my third best after Zahav and New Orleans. Never knew black walnut and scotch could do the trick! Great job bartender.
Kale salad was the right mix of flavors with the nuts and mild spicy dressing. Following which we went straight to entree's 
Steak was to perfection and the sauces were millennial, very brave!
Used to either spicy or lemony fish dishes, the Trout in Ela was a pleasant surprise :) Great sauces finishing off slightly tangy and Trout being pan fried to perfection, I couldnt ask for a better meal!
Thank you Ela and I hope to see you again for happy hour and more :)Opening night at Ela and you would never know it. Service was flawless. The menu is ala carte, but there are 4 courses to choose from. The real stand outs were the pork belly, the beets, hamachi, and the cookie dough dessert.  The pork belly was smoky and cooked perfectly.  The hamachi came with green apple and a horseradish powder.  The mix of flavors in each dish was really well thought out.  Some particularly interesting dishes were scallop noodles with sesame and blood orange and shrimp with garlic panna cotta.  The scallops reminded me of calamari without being grilled or fried and stretched into a long noodle.  I really appreciated the creativity.  
The interior is really nice with dark wood and candles at every table. The bar is really cool and has ample seating.  Great selection of wine and beer. Definitely a nice date spot.It was delicious!  Be sure to ask for the orange goo, it makes the meal!My girlfriend and I heard through friends that Ela was a must go and finally we had a chance to visit the restaurant on 3rd and Bainbridge and entered with high hopes of a pristine gastric experience and that is what Ela delivered with a Mike Tyson left hand circa 1990 punch.   I have never made a point to call over a manager to my table ever to convey 2 points: 1. that the food was superb all around and 2. that the service complimented the food.  For anyone that enjoys dining out for a very economical meal that in my mind rivals if not surpasses some of the elite, over-priced restaurants in this city, then Ela is the place to patronize.  The wine selection is spot on in that many varietals and different regions (old world/new world) are options and the mark up is very mild much like the mark up at Friday Saturday Sunday (another fabulous place).   The first bite options are very good, but my girlfriend and I found homeruns in the second bites with the diver scallop "noodles" (unreal) and the gnocchi which just put us in a great spirit and high anticipation for the third bite and we were not disappointed.  The duck magret was over-the-top and supersedes my previous favorite duck dish in the city at Fork (hands down), and i normally bypass ordering chicken out, but I'm glad I stepped away from my usual demeanor and selected their lancaster country chicken which was so moist, flavorful and delightfully simple.  This place is awesome; it has a great bar where you can sit and dine while holding great conversation and actually hear the person, the dining area is simple, ample spacing between tables and really provides privacy in your dining experience which so many restaurants have missed the mark on these days.  If you haven't been to Ela, you need to go and go quickly Jason Cichonski is what they say he is "brightest rising star chefs in Philadelphia".  Awesome stuff Jason; keep it up and my girlfriend and I will be back often since it is walking distance.Can a bad server taint a dining experience? Absolutely!
As soon as we walked in the door the amazing bartender greeted our party of three warmly and said that the host would be with us shortly. The host/waiter came over and asked in a cold tone "do you have reservations?" We said we did and he grabbed three tasting menus and started walking. Guess we should follow. He gave us the special wine week menus and said that he would bring regular menus over as well. I looked at the well stocked bar and asked if they had cocktail onions (love my Gibson's) he immediately said no. When he came back to take our drink order he asked if we were ready to order. We said that we would like to look at the regular menu as well. He looked "put out" as he walked five feet to the bar area to retrieve the menus. As soon as I sat down I checked in on Yelp and to my surprise, they had a free cocktail offer. I showed the waiter the offer and he said matter of factly that he would take care of it later.
The amazing bartender (he was so engaging with the patrons at the bar) dropped off our cocktail order and on a hunch I asked if they had cocktail onions. He said that they did and could go downstairs to get them. What a surprise!
When the check arrived, the Yelp coupon wasn't honored. Honestly it wasn't worth engaging this person anymore and we paid close to $300.00 for our meal. It could have been more than just a meal if the service matched the price. The server would be average at a Denny's and had no business being anywhere near the front of the house.Been here twice for brunch and definitely recommend. Not only was the food good, but there are still menu items that I would really like to go back and try. Dishes sound creative and unique and, for the most part, taste the way they sound. The wife and I went for our anniversary and tried the short rib eggs benedict and classic french omelette. The omelette, while good, was just a good omelette. That's all one should exepct, but it seemed little disappointing compared to everything else. The short rib eggs b. was very good, as were the sides (we had coffee smoked bacon and the kale salad). I wanted to go  back to try the butter nut squash french toast, which also turned out to be very good (just wish there'd been a little more of the espresso sauce). The second time we went, we were also given some cinnamon rolls to try, which were amazing. Anyway, as far as Sunday brunch goes you can't go wrong with Ela.I tried the tasting menu and was pleasantly surprised how well each dish was executed.  The salmon "crudo-ish" dish and scallop noodles were my favorite.  The salmon did not have that overwhelming taste that I have grown to dislike and it light and refreshing.  Overall, I would go back to try other dishes if they had a change in menu.Our dinner at Ela was a culinary delight! Each of our selections was superbly created with a delicious blending of flavors and textures. The hand-pulled spaghetti came in a cream sauce that was heavenly! The staff were knowledgeable and attentive. The mixologist was friendly and entertaining as he blended several delicious creations for us. We are definitely planning on return visits!Food was great. Service needs work. I had the pea soup without ham and it was amazing. I had a great espresso martini-not too sweet. Staff seemed too casual for the price of the food. Both in behavior and dress. They also had a hard time clearing dirty plates. Avoid the avocado ice cream. Our group likened it to old guacamole with a salt bomb.I really enjoyed my first visit to Ela. My fiance and I did the trip from Wash West ALLL the way down to Queen Village to try this restaurant that I've heard so many good things about ;) I had the "Like a bad girl should" cocktail to start and it was delicious! I can never say no to a cocktail that has champagne included in the ingredients!We did the 4 course tasting menu and were very happy with the meals that were picked for us. For the first course we had the celery root soup. This was a tasty soup, but could have used some salt, which is where my gripes end. The next course we had the diver scallop noodles, which were unbelievable. The sauce that they came in was so good I wanted to drink it and I have to say, I'm not a huge fan of scallops and when I heard there were "scallop noodles" on the menu I wasnt particularly excited about trying them. But I'm so glad I did! The next course was the pulled beef short rib, which was delicious and perfect on a cold winter night. Then we had our choice of desserts. I chose the cheesecake (yum!) and P chose the soft chocolate. Both were delicious, but after all the food and drinks we were stuffed. I honestly don't remember which wines I had paired with which meals, but I remember thoroughly enjoying them all including the dessert wine. Maybe a little too much. At the end of the meal, Chef Cichonski came over to ask us how our meal was, which I thought was a really nice personal touch. He was very friendly and after hearing about his Valentine's Day and NYE menu plans we are definitely excited to come back try Ela again. I've also heard the brunch is tasty...Delicious brunch spot! Their menu always changes. I've tried many different things at Ela, and they have all been great! Good drinks as well!Service was fantastic and our meal exceeded my already high expectations. Top that all off with a great atmosphere and I'd recommend to anyone and everyone!Based on the crowd in the restaurant at 8 PM on a Saturday, Ela is doing a nice job of attracting an older audience from the suburbs into the city to dine.  It is clear that the food they are serving cannot be had on the main line.  This does not mean that it is the right choice for someone who lives half a mile away.  There are too many other good options for the money.
We started off with the oysters, 5 for $14 (not a great value, but not an insane markup) that came with fried shallots and a vinaigrette.  They were good, but there was not nearly enough acidity and the shallots tasted exactly like French's out of the can.  The dish was decent, but not memorable.
We then moved on to the scallop noodles and the whipped foie.  The scallop noodles were tasty and an inventive take on the mollusk, but the seasoning fell flat.  Once you got over the fact that they made scallops into noodles, it was a boring dish that tasted like butter and black sesame seeds.  The foie was a huge disappointment.  I honestly did not taste any liver and even if there is some in there, it was impossible to recognize with the other many flavors on the plate, most of which tasted as though they belonged in a dessert (not just fruity, but overly sweet).
Finally our shared entree arrived, a small but very well cooked piece of short rib.  The portion was way too small for $23, when considering that there was basically nothing else on the plate and the meat cost $2.50.  It was very tender and served with a yogurt and pineapple gel.  The flavors worked very well together, but again nothing memorable.
We left hungry (we were aware from the outset that we might have under ordered), but had no interest in trying another dish.  The plates were too small, too expensive, and not tasty enough to warrant a return trip.  I was hoping for better.For the life of me I do not understand why Ela doesn't have 5 full stars.  This was one of the best meals I have ever had.  I met my parents and brother for dinner and all four of us had a fantastic meal.  We each chose the four course tasting option and there was not one disappointing course!  I personally have to recommend the chilled sweet corn soup, gnocci, golden beets and the Lancaster chicken.  There were a number of first and second bites that we all got and tried, which were fantastic, but do not leave Ela without trying the Lancaster chicken.  I eat a lot of chicken, and this was probably the best chicken dish I have ever consumed.
The cocktails were lovely and ideal for a summer night (I would recommend the spanish bombs) and we finished with the decedent cookie dough for dessert.  Our waitress, Jen, was an absolute delight, the service was timely and everyone was polite and friendly.
I'm not a huge Yelp reviewer, but I needed to throw in my two cents - I don't know how this place could get a bad review!  I am excited to head back to try other menu options!  Thank you, Ela!The food was awesome but the service left something to be desired. We did the tasting menu with the wine pairing. The food and wine choices were great! Recommend the scallop noodles, salmon tartare, Gruyere ravioli.... yum!
We sat in the back of the restaurant near the kitchen. The atmosphere was noisy, having to yell across a two person table to talk. The wait staff was running around and you could literally feel the table shaking as they passed which made it a little chaotic for a nice meal. As far as the service.... it was mediocre. We had to ask for water on more than one occasion. Our table would be cleared of dishes and glasses while the water glasses remained empty. The wine that came with the pairing was placed on the table without any explanation of what it was and the food was much the same. Usually with tastings, food and wine is delivered with a description and that was missing. 
Food was excellent, but given the poor service and other wonderful options in the city I can't say I'd return or recommend.We all got different items from their three course prie fixe menu.  Everything we got for the first two courses was both excellent and very unusual.  The entrees were less exciting, though still quite good.  Then the desserts came and blew us away - I'm used to restaurants in Ela's caliber putting less attention on the desserts, but these were exceptional.
When we showed up at 7 the place was empty, but it filled up over the evening without ever getting unpleasantly loud.  My only complaint is that the service, which was mostly very good, got a bit oppressive at moments (they do that creepy thing where every time you go to the restroom, someone sneaks by and refolds the napkin).I was taken to ELA on a Thursday evening. The ambiance is welcoming, modern and classic all at the same time with a young professional crowd. The wait staff was knowledgable about all the fun and different ingredients in each dish. If you like to try new and interesting food combinations that really work, this place is for you. Each course is a la carte and you are in the city at a nice place. Jason came out and talked to many if not all of the tables, and also sent out a taste of the Foie Gras ( it was super rich and you wouldn't know what it was) Each dish was more amazing than the next. My favorite was the Scallops in pasta- noodle like shape and amazing taste.I finally got to try out this place.  My friend got me to join him for a 4 course wine pairing dinner and it was really really good.  I was happy with everything.  Most was VERy good, some was exceptionally good; like the chef's famous scallop noodles. I love the look of the place as well.  Service, food and setting was all perfect really, so Im definitely heading back soon, I hope.This restaurant was very good, one of the best I've had in the city.  The appetizers were well seasoned (kale salad nicely balanced acidity) and the gnocchi was delicious.  The scallop noodles were okay, kind of novel, but the sauce on them was phenomenal.  
My friends and I thought two of the three entrees we got were kind of underwhelming (the salmon was overcooked and the curried halibut just so-so), but it was still a good experience.  The chicken dish, surprisingly, was delicious.  It's hard to make chicken interesting, I think.  And hard to mess up salmon.  So who knows what happened there.
The only complaints-- there are very few vegetarian options.  Also, no interesting drink options that are non-alcoholic.  However, despite these complaints I will be coming back here.We didn't go for dinner since I wanted to try out the best dishes in a more non-committal way. So, we went for happy hour on a hot & muggy Philadelphia Saturday. They were gracious enough to open 10 minutes early since we were thirsty. The lady bartender took awhile to warm up to us, but, she recovered when we said we were hungry and ordered appetizers before we headed to our next stop that night.
We had the scallop noodle dish in peanut sauce. It was uniquely original and great tasting. The calamari dish was so-so. I doubt I would come back for dinner. Drinks were fun and loved the names.
The ambiance is pretty. Would be better for a meet up 1st date spot.
Love going incognito especially after our chauffeur picked us up on to the next stop..in search for the ultimate bliss.Impeccable. We've eaten here twice, the last time with as a group of five very happy diners. Their wonderful scallop noodles are definitely a standout, but everything we ordered was excellent. The servers have been the perfect mix of friendly and professional. Props to the bartenders for improvising an off-the-menu espresso martini that was perfectly balanced. Looking forward to returning again soon.I've been dying to try to this place for a good couple of months since I've been visiting Philly frequently for work.  It just so happens my friend is really good friends with Top Chef Jason Cichonski and luckily he was in when we came in to dine there.
We opted for the 4 courses which included the dessert.
Some of our favorites were the diver scallop noodles, baby spanish octopus, the lobster dish, and the fish. 
Chef Jason Cichonski also brought us out anothe entree and we were stuffed like a chicken.  talk about food coma.  He's a very nice and funny guy.
For dessert, we had the cookie and the banana pudding.  Yum! 
PS try out their cocktails! They are amazing.  The monte carlo is a good rye whiskey and also the millstone is yum!! :) 
loved everything about this place!We stopped in for a drink after dinner last night. I ordered a martini as did our friend and my wife ordered wine. I ran to the bathroom and when I got back at my place was a regular martini glass about 1/3 filled with martini. I asked the bartender and he said 2 oz. was their standard pour. He asked if there was a problem. I said that usually when you order a martini the bartender more or less fills the glass. He gave me a really condescending look and very sarcastically said, "Well, I could get you another glass if you'd like." Needless to say there was no tip even though I usually go above the standard 20%. If Ela wants to serve a cheap pour with cocktails that's their decision but I don't need the crappy attitude. We won't go back.Had dinner here on a Friday night. It was probably one of my favorite meals in Philadelphia ever. Service was wonderful, all the food was interesting and delicious, Adventurous but not too out there! I cannot wait to go back and try more!We went to celebrate the end of the semester.   My friend is beautiful and thin. I am older and fat.  It was like I was invisible.  The waiter directed all questions to my friend.  It made the evening kind of uncomfortable for both of us. 
Food wise, we had the four-course menu. The scallop noodles, the chicken and the mushroom noodles were delicious. I'd highly suggest staying away from the pickled beets with coffee - it was so distasteful that I'm cringing now thinking of it. 
So it was fine, but I wouldn't go back.I wanted to like this place more, I really did.  The atmosphere is great, the service is top-notch, and the menu is creative.  I was all ready with a 5-star review, but the food just dissapointed.  
The gnocchi was probably my favorite dish.  However, the wagyu was very chewy.  My wife's salad had a musty taste to it and her entree of the scallop pasta was creative but tasted just ok.
I might give this place another shot because the intangibles are so high, but have to go 3-star because for me it really comes down to the taste.Most definitely recommend! It was my friend's birthday, and we wanted to lavish her with a fabulous meal. As I write this, I am still thinking about this dinner! Believe the hype!
The place is on the quiet corner of 3rd and Bainbridge, and is quite the hidden gem. Warm, inviting red tones throughout, and candles to romanticize the atmosphere. Sexy.
I was early for our party of five, so I sat at the bar. During my wait, I had two cocktails: "Quiet things that no one knows" which had white rum, muddled grapes, lime, and elderflower. It usually has basil, but even without it, the drink was still delicious! Light, refreshing, and a hint of sweetness. Next up, was the "Jude Law and a semester abroad" which contained gin, burnt sugar, absinthe, and lemon. Much different from the first, but very good and enjoyable. I favored the Quiet Things more, so you must order it!
The whole party finally got together, and it was truly difficult to decide what to order. The menu had so much to offer, and so we had created our own chef's tasting! We ordered one first bite (sea trout), all of the second bites (baby Spanish octopus, whipped foie gras, chicken skin fried rice, gnocchi, and the scallop noodles), and two third bites (salmon and the pulled short rib). Plus two bottles of wine. Extravagant? YES! But oh-my-god well worth it! We started with their focaccia bread and smoked oil to drizzle. Seriously, ask for more bread. It had this dense, delicious flavor which married well with their unique take on oil to dip it in. I'm sure you'll ask for a third helping, no lie. The servers here are used to it!
The portions were shareable for the five of us, and each dish was simply fascinating to look at. Gorgeous, gorgeous dishes. Highlights of our meal were the scallop noodles (very inventive!), gnocchi, foie gras (melted in your mouth), and my favorite third dish was the salmon with quinoa because it was perfectly cooked. With the extra bread, we dipped and devoured every single bite.  (See? This is why you need to order extra bread!) We ended the meal with the manjari chocolate, the chocolate chip cookie dough dessert, and some espressos. Both desserts were the nice sweet ending we needed! The cookie dough dish was clearly the winner in my eyes.
Overall, dinner here was a remarkable experience that I hope to enjoy again. And again!I was traveling in Philadelphia and made a reservation here for dinner with some family. The waiter was incredibly attentive, but not overbearing. The food was really unique. You have to eat it to believe it, it's hard to describe. But it was really good food, fun atmosphere, and if I have a chance to go back I definitely will. Worth a stop for sure.Wjat a great restaurant! Everything was great from when we got a warm welcome from the host til we left! 
Will come back soon!
Good job!I have eaten here twice since it opened, and I had a wonderful experience both times. The service was great and attentive. The space is cozy without being claustrophobic. I have now tried the hamachi, the scallops, the skate, and the duck. The scallops were my favorite, but everything was lovely, so you really can't go wrong. The cocktails are really fun, and the dessert was incredible.
Definitely give it a shot!Philly really have been gaining great momentum in the good eats Dept n Ela is on that list...the interior is nicely done n service n food are both great as well.  Didn't get to try the long list of cocktails they have but hopefully another time.We came here for brunch, the place was pretty empty. Though it has the feel of a bar, the menu and staff offer a feel of an upscale restaurant. The menu was interesting as it offered various options but having 2 vegetarians at our table, they had a hard time finding options to choose.
The food was ok, nothing to write home about. Might come back to try their dinner but would probably not come back for brunch.3 stars says A-OK and that's basically what it was.  We went for the Valentine's Day special.  We were seated by a window in the back.  It was freezing.  That aside, the food was good, a couple things under seasoned, service a bit spotty but we enjoyed ourselves.   Not racing back there but if you haven't been and you're in the area I would say it is worth trying.This chef is trying WAY too hard!  
You know what's great about a ham and cheese sandwich?  It's a classic pairing of two ingredients that work well together.  I love creativity but not when it gets out of control.  Ela's menu tries to be creative to the point where if they did a ham and cheese sandwich I'd expect to see a marginally executed ham and kumquat foam with essence of bread smoke, cheese pudding and a sous vide cooked tahitian vanilla bean that was then dehydrated and made to look like a strip of bacon.  
Not everything needs deconstructing and before trying to nail a dish in which everything is done differently, Chef Jason Cichonski should try manipulating one element of a dish and getting it right.    
So before I review the food itself, for those of you reading this review that think I just don't "get" molecular gastronomy or deconstructivism I've been to Alinea...TWICE.  I love haute cuisine and have the experience to prove it.  
There's a difference between using a technique to create something new and exciting, and simply using a technique because you can.    
THE FOOD
WHAT WE HAD: Whipped Foie Gras, Truffle banh cam, gnocchi, diver scallop "noodles", tilefish, Hot Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough.
WHAT WAS GOOD: 
The Whipped Foie Gras is excellent.  It's light, airy and creamy, and was nicely paired with biscotti and pomegranate, though I found the raddichio was an unnecessary addition.  If you're going to eat at Ela this is the dish I'd recommend most.
The Hot Chocolate Chip Cookie dough was fun, though I wish they'd just use vanilla ice cream or gelato rather than a semifreddo.  The hot cookie dough was what really made this dish.    
WHAT WAS NOT GOOD:  
Everything else was totally underwhelming.  
The truffle banh cam is a disaster.  It is a chaotic mix of flavors and textures.  Here's how I would describe it: two giant crispy pork sponge cakes with a whole bunch of stuff underneath and the smell of truffle.  There are no truffles in Vietnamese cuisine.  That's not to say there isn't something in Vietnamese food that truffles pair properly with, but this is NOT it.  3 bites in, I abandoned the dish.  Don't waste your time, taste buds or money.  
The gnocchi were mediocre.  The texture was "off," almost mealy or gritty.  The sauce was great and the accompanying flavors were good but after having gnocchi all over the place I can say these don't even crack the top 20.  Skip them.
After reading all of the rave reviews about the diver scallop "noodles" I was excited.  Again, this is a case of different for the sake of different.  Yes, they made noodles out of scallops, but I was waiting for the answer to the question "so what?"  It's not enough to make a noodle out of a scallop.  The noodles just tasted like soft scallops and the pairing of broccoli, chorizo and black trumpet mushrooms did very little to take the dish past ok.  They'd be better off pan searing a scallop.  
The tile fish was cooked nicely and the lentils were outstanding but the mix of everything together was just odd.  The "curry" sauce tastes a lot like a sweet chili sauce straight from the bottle and the number of flavors competing for attention is confusing.  As with many of the dishes here, this dish doesn't know what it wants to be.
Here's the biggest problem, Ela is not a "neighborhood spot."  The menu is completely unapproachable and intimidating for the average person, it's part of what got David Ansill in trouble in Queen Village.  Even with more and more people coming to Queen Village to eat, it's still primarily locals.  Locals get home from work and want to go somewhere comfortable.  While the ambiance of Ela is nice enough, everything about the restaurant asks the guest to go out on a limb.  And when guests are willing to go along for the ride, it better be worth it...for me, Ela has a long way to go before I could recommend going along for that ride.This was quite possibly one of the best meals we've ever had.
oysters, hamachi, scallop noodles, foie gras, skate, short rib, strawberry shortcake, espresso
AND they have High Life on the menu, AND Fugazi instrumentals were playing during dessert, AND the service was perfect.
They pretty much kicked our asses.Last "new" restaurant I tried in 2012 was a winner. The food was delicious and creative. The service was excellent and the space is sleek and cool but cozy too.
 I tried something from each course, and was pleased with each choice. The beet salad with carrots was really fun. The dressing was flavored with smoked jalapeno and the salad was topped with an almond crunch. The scallop noodles are very good. I was not sure if  they would present more as a gimmick, but I really liked this preparation. There was plenty of sear on my scallops, which was my main worry. i tasted the whipped foi gras, they were out of this world, almost too much for me. I wasn't a fan of my cocktail, but it tasted just as described, it was just a poor decision on my part. 
The price tag was pretty high for my meal, but that says more about my gluttony. I will go back and maybe be a little more discretionary about how much I order, but first time in the park I had to ride all the rides.Wonderful spot in Queen Village. The food was perfectly executed, the staff was friendly, and the cocktails were top-notch. I live in the neighborhood and will be back here many times!I've been torn on writing this for awhile. We went to Ela back in November 2013.
We LOVED Ela. It was delicious. We tried everything...so many different meats (fish, etc) and sampled many different dishes. Great service, drinks, cool place.
So it should be 5 stars, right?
The next night after our dinner, approximately 24-30 hours later, both me and my husband become violently ill at the same time. We did not have a fever. It was definitely food poisoning. No one in our household (we have a toddler, and other people around including my mom) was sick either before or after that. They were as healthy as could be. The whole family, including our toddler, had eaten the exact same meals as each other the past 3 days...except for me & my husband's anniversary dinner at Ela. So it couldn't have been food poisoning from somewhere else. I am always very hesitant to ever accuse a restaurant of food poisoning without ruling out other causes, but all the evidence pointed to that. And, it's unlikely my husband and I passed an illness to the other one through a virus--we became sick within hours of each other.
I called Ela about this the next day. I give them credit for being very understanding. I just wanted to let them know in case other customers experienced problems. They said no one had called (yet), so I don't know if they ever realized it was a problem. They didn't admit fault but also profusely apologized that I was experiencing this. So, I appreciate their kindness.
Based on what I've read, it's much more common to get food poisoning from fish if it's been left out too long, etc- it doesn't go "bad" as obviously as other meats. Thus, kitchens aren't as likely to notice that fish isn't fresh. I suspect it was some sort of fish that we ate which caused the food poisoning but I can't say for sure.
Part of me really wants to go back, but I just can't bring myself to go there again, not after that.Dinner tonight was a disappointment. We arrived on time for our 8:00 reservation, which we made two weeks ago, and were promptly seated at a table all the way in the back, next to the kitchen.  I smiled as we sat, as previous reviewers commented on this exact table. It didn't bother us until a line for the bathroom formed... That was not so enjoyable.  A waiter greeted us.  At 8:30 we finally had water and our drinks and placed our order.  The Jude Law drink was worth the wait. Original and fresh ingredients. The menu was limited, and based on other reviews, repetitive.  There were no specials.  We ordered the tartare, hamachi for the first bite. (Both excellent!) For the second bite we had the octopus and truffle bahn cahm. (Original ideas. Flavors of the octopus dish were not smooth.) Finally we had the halibut and the skate. (Ok-- nothing to write home about and the fish tasted as it had been sitting in a water bath too long.) Dessert was disappointing and had an unusual presentation. (Looked like a brown snake...). Overall not unappetizing but not a place we will revisit.One of our friends suggested that we should try Ela because of their cocktail menu, which has drinks named after songs. And the cocktails were very delicious.
While the quality of our food was really good, the portions were off. We came across the picture of the duck on Yelp, which we decided to order, but the portion was not nearly close to what the picture showed. 
Overall, we walked in with high expectations and were slightly disappointed.Went for dinner on a Thursday night with a group of 11. We had a nice area set up for us at the back of the restaurant. 
Gorgeous decor - 5 stars for the ambience. Drinks were delicious, especially their house made cocktails. The tequila drink was my fave! 
For dinner, we all chose either the 4 or 5 course tasting. Everyone was super pleased with their plates, as everything was inventive and delicious!! A few standouts were the crudo, beet salad, octopus, scallop noodles, and trout. 
We were all very happy with our meals and excited for dessert but this is where Ela falls short and loses the 5th star in my book. Dessert was lacking. The panna cotta had an odd flavor, the cookie was a bit too salty, and the strawberry rhubarb soup left a lot to be desired... A diner in our group ordered a cheese and seemed to be happy with it but the sweets could have been better! 
All in all, it was a great dining experience. Our server was very knowledgable and helpful to our large party. Maybe they should hire a pastry/dessert chef to pick up where dessert was lacking... I would highly recommend Ela for dinner but go somewhere else for dessert!Ela is certainly a lovely space. Gorgeous streaming light, fresh flowers in the window, and servers with man buns made my brunch experience yesterday enjoyable. Unfortunately the food didn't quite live up to it's surroundings.
I had the breakfast gnocchi with ideas of Kennett's super-flavorful Italian breakfast in my head. Instead I got flavorless nuggets of pasta with bacon bits. Like, actual pieces of bacon, and bacon bits. They were kind enough to serve me a fried egg white on the bottom in lieu of coddled eggs (I can't have the yolk) but I'm not sure a yolk could have saved it. The only taste to this dish was...bacon. 
Zack got the short rib benedict, which I had a taste of. This dish, like most benedicts, was super heavy. I really enjoyed the hash brown (like McDonald's on crack) and wish that I had ordered the omelet instead so I could have had one of my own.
I can't say we'll be back for brunch, personally, but I believe that Ela is a nice place with potentially nice food. If I'm ever find myself at Ela for dinner, I would hope this review would jump up a star.My girlfriend and I stopped into Ela on a whim last week after spotting it on our way to South St...and we found exactly what were hoping for, a perfect corner restaurant.  It was early on a Sunday and the kitchen wasn't opening for 20 minutes, but the staff was very cool and we stuck around.
We sat at the bar and decided on the 3 course tasting.  Peach soup, the gnocchi and the trout...the food was perfect.  That's the only way to describe it...perfect.  We finished with the warm cookie dough ice cream and the pannacotta.  We had high hopes for desert and they didn't disappoint.  
This was literally the best unexpected dinner we've ever had...and anyone that can appreciate a great chef and a great staff should be making a reservation.Always an amazing experience. Chef always checks on the guests and ensures everyone is happy. The scallop noodles, chicken, and desserts are wonderful!We had a big group and the manager worked with us and delivered delicious food to the masses. The staff went above and beyond. It was a sublime experience. Thank you.I am going to give this place 2 stars for the food however the atmosphere is definitely a 5 if you enjoy a romantic rustic type place. My boyfriend and I ate here for dinner and we weren't overly impressed with the food. It was good, but nothing spectacular and the prices for what you get are really high. We definitely won't be having dinner here again but would go here for drinks at the bar.Nice ambiance. Great for a date or group of friends. Overall food was good. I spent over $50 for food and two drinks and was still hungry when I got home.  Portion size is super small so make sure not to come on an empty stomach unless you want to spend over $100 per person.I'm giving Ela 5 stars for outstanding and consistent "cheffed" food, unique flavors, and great presentation.  Our dinner group has been there multiple times, and the quality that comes from the kitchen, perfectly prepared for a large group, is just wonderful.  Relaxed, unobtrusive, helpful service.  I hope Ela stays forever, a fixture in the Queen Village neighborhood.Best meal I have had in Philly. Portions are small so order a lot. Cocktails were delicious. We had the scallops, gnocchi, and carpacio.Great food and such excellent service. I had the 6 course dinner and it was outstanding. There were some dishes I found a tad too salty though. There was an escargot and ramps dish. I loved the escargot but it only had like 2-3 pieces and the rest of the protein was disguised by salty pieces of sausages :(Just got back from brunch at Ela and I must say I'm impressed. I only take away a star because the server was a little inattentive, as in it took 25 or so minutes to get the check after the plates were cleared and our drinks were gone.
That said, this meal was fantastic. We were a party of five with a reservation. Our table was ready for us right when we got there which is always a plus. We ordered some cocktails and coffee drinks, all of which were delicious. The cocktails are well crafted and perfectly balanced, and they have a lot of interesting mixes.
The food portions looked small initially but not a single one of us was able to clear our plates, although we really wanted to. Even the simple dishes were just superbly executed and balanced. The fancier dishes like the bone marrow biscuits and the short rib Benedict did not disappoint, and the hash browns were fantastic (the sauce on top is the x-factor there). 
Overall we really loved Ela and can't wait to go back for their dinner menu!Hands down my fav restaurant in Philly, when I can afford it. We basically make up fake "special occasions" to justify coming...
Best bet is to order the four course meal and just let the yummy keep coming. 
Best things: scallop noodles (yes noodles made out of pressed scallops), delicious gnocchi (like pillows in your mouth) and whatever salmon dish they have. Oh, and the cookie desert. It's evolved over the years and is always amazing. 
And if you're up for something else new ask the bartender to make you some drink based on what you like ( knock it out of the park about 92% of the time, a few real duds but hey...)
Service is fantastic too--several servers have been there for years so they must be doing something right. 
Make up a reason to come and then enjoy....After a long grueling weekend in the restaurant industry, I need to sit down with a few glasses of wine and a good meal. While this is my favorite way to relax after talking to almost 200 different people on any given weekend my standards for the quality of a restaurant are extremely high.  Ela surpassed all of my expectations and was exactly what I needed to unwind. 
I came in alone on Sunday and sat at the bar, upon arriving the bar tender quickly came over and greeted me. I started with a great glass of Malbec  which I believe was only 8 dollars. During this time I could literally feel my stress melting away. 
I decided to stick to small plates especially after hearing the special appetizer of the day, steak tartare. Before I had the steak I decided upon the whipped foie gras. The foie gras came just in time for my second glass of wine. 
The foie gras was out of this world, it was light and airy but at the same time it was so flavorful! I could eat this variation of foie gras every day when I wake up and before I go to bed. 
The steak tartare was just as excellent light, flavorful and delicately prepared. The porcini cracker the dish was served with was an excellent accompaniment. 
For dessert I decided to go with another glass of wine and the cheese plate. There was a firm goat cheese and an amazing type of blue. All in all it was a great way to wind down on Sunday and I will be returning for sure!Site of a recent date and an alumni brunch club outing and Ela didn't disappoint during  both outings.
Key is to go around 11am on a Sunday as you can beat the 1pm brunch crowd and get a great spot. They have a delicious brunch menu as I have personally enjoyed the Belgian Waffle and the Ela Frittata on both occasions. Service is pretty solid too as we had folks coming by to check on us, without being too overbearing.
Definitely a great spot to hit up during the busy Sunday brunch period.I wanted to update my review for their brunch because I truly feel like Ela went above and beyond for me.  I have eight major food allergies that are pretty challenging to work with, especially for a very dairy-focused meal like brunch.  We made a note of these on our open table reservation before we arrived.  The server was completely on top of verifying said allergens; she communicated well with the kitchen, who also had the foresight to prepare ahead by reviewing their menu.  They ended up tailoring a kale salad for me and then gave me a perfectly cooked hanger steak to go with it so that I would get some extra protein.  Everything about our meal was delicious.  My friend ordered their breakfast gnocchi and was pretty blown away by how delicious it was, while my husband immensely enjoyed their grilled cheese.  I really appreciate the preparation that went into both our service and meal.  Thank you, Ela!So great, we live in the neighborhood and I have allergies, but they accommodate them super well. Not only does chef altar dishes to fit my allergies, but he goes above and beyond to make sure the dishes I get are as creative and delicious as everyone's. He even made me a dessert I could eat!For the Center City-bound patrons of the food of Chef Jason Cichonski - our wait is over.  He is at the helm of the kitchen of Ela which is located at 3rd and Bainbridge.   I ate there this week with high expectations and was not disappointed.  The space is an industrial-lite bistro and the rubbed honey of the old wooden floors warms the casual atmosphere.   I had the hamachi first plate and the fois gras gingerbread for my second plate.   Pure Cichonski in both conception and execution.   The hamachi is pristinely fresh with sweet apple puree and both fresh and vinegar-pickled apple straws - but it is the horseradish granita that raises this familiar starter to new and modern levels.   There is a fleetingly icy hot moment mid bite that reminds me why I love this chef's food so much.   In one dish:  sweet/sour, soft/crunchy, cool and hot and everything makes sense for the flavor profile of tastes.  The fois gras mousse is served with gingerbread powder - again textures which contribute to the tasting experience.  My third plate was a Lancaster chicken dish with pumpkin seeds prepared to the consistency of a risotto.  In this dish, Chef Cichonski wisely exercised restraint and allowed this locally purveyed protein to shine by preparing it perfectly - juicy with a crispy skin.   Chef Cichonski's dishes are so well conceived and executed - I urge you to try each component separately before composing them into perfect bites on your fork.   Everyone in your party will love the food at Ela - and those who know great cuisine will talk about it for days.    The value for the quality is incredible and makes Ela's food accessible.   The bar was full by 6:30 - 7:00 PM on Wednesday evening - - because Ela's bar snacks are phenomenal and provide the opportunity to sample Chef Cichonski's food at a great price point.   Bet you stay for dinner!Good food. The Buratta was phenomenal. Scallop noodles were delicious. Pea soup wasn't teriffic and the chicken was ok. Cozy atmosphere and nice for a date. Portions are extremely small so expect to pay if you are especially hungry.I had an excellent meal at Ela last night.  I am so glad that the Ansill space is finally being put to good use! Ela's food was fantastic but it will have to be a special treat as it is more than I'd prefer to spend on a Wednesday night dinner.  This is not a place for the haters of small plates . . . although by our fourth plate, I was quite full and could not finish my meal.
We started with the shrimp and the hamachi.  The hamachi was probably my favorite item of the evening.  It had fantastic flavor.  We then shared the diver noodle scallops and the crab.  These were good but not as spectacular as the hamachi and shrimp.  I had the pork belly as my final dish and it was very nicely done.  
Chef Jason Cichonski also made his way around the dining room to greet everyone - a touch I always appreciate.So I get the idea here, but it's just not executed with any consistency.  I've been here for here for drinks and snacks and dinner and have had similar dishes and drinks that were completely different both times.  The service has wobbled from inept to snobbish.  On top of all of this, there is nothing warm or inviting or casual about the place from the second you walk in.  That being said, some of the food has been very good--the scallops, the crab, the duck.  Wont be going back anytime soon to roll the dice on a good meal.  For what your bill ends up being, it should be a home run.Being a huge Top Chef fan I love to visit contestants restaurants when i travel, lucky for me, there were two options in Philly.  We went to Ela's for the New Years Eve meal, we were eager to go, even though it is known that restaurants massively overcharge on this night.  We opted for the 4 course menu with wine pairings for a total of $105 per person.  My first course was a tuna crudo with celery, celery root, and black vinegar.  I love vinegar and briny foods, and black vinegar especially, however this meal lacked any acidity.  It came to the table and the colours were beautiful, and bright but lacked any flavour, it was disappointingly bland.  Even though this wasn't an amuse bouche, i do judge the restaurant on the first thing that goes into my mouth, and this was not satisfying.  My second course was the long gnocchi with roasted braised pork collar, mushrooms, and artichoke.  This offering was great, never seen gnocchi that size before, the pork was super tender, it was a home run.  The third course was the veal loin and belly with whipped sweet potato and wild mushroom.  This was as good as the dish prior, the belly wasn't overly fatty, and the sweet potatoes were velvety.  For the fourth course i had something i have never seen before, cookie dough with vanilla bay ice cream.  I am a baker, so i have eaten lots of  raw cookie dough in my day.  However what came to the table was neither raw nor cooked.  It was a bowl of warmed, raw cookie dough.  I had one bite and was instantly turned off.  The entire meal was extremely thought out, and the dessert seemed liked an after thought.  The first and the last course were complete bombs.  After having an amazing meal  at Barbuzzo the night before, i was extremely disappointed with my meal, and even more when the enormous credit card bill came in the mail.
Since it was New Years i recognized one of the chefs from the show.  I really expected him to greet or introduce himself to diners, instead he hung out the entire time at the bar with his friends.  I felt that that was a missed opportunity to meet the people that are supporting the restaurant.
Overall the meal was okay, however two out of four of the dishes were not successful, wouldnt go back.Had a great dinner here with my fianc and his mother. Did the 4 course tasting menu and every dish was great. However we did an add-on bone marrow panna cotta and unfortunately it was inedible for us (we all love bone marrow, but something in this panna cotta was revolting). The scallop noodles were incredible. Overall the service and food was outstanding, definitely recommended.Came here with the bestie for a summertime brunch, mainly for the cocktails. The bourbon-spiked Vietnamese coffee is so delicious, and you can barely taste the bourbon because the coffee is so strong. After feeling the caffeine buzz, I switched to the beet bloody marys, which are as nice to look at as they are to drink.   
I ordered the biscuits and bone marrow, which while good, were a little disappointing. It kind of felt like plain scrambled eggs and biscuits. My friend ordered the short rib benedict, which was fine but not her favorite. 
The service was a little slow, but we had a nice window seat and it was a nice day so we couldn't complain. I would return to give dinner a whirl but probably not repeat brunch.