The bathroom is moldy and the bathroom door doesn't close all the way. As pretentious as this place is, they could at least fix the bathroom.Great Coffee!!! But make sure you bring your Macbook, PC's are definitely frowned upon.Great coffee, good location tucked away off main tourist area with friendly staff. Decent food options too for a light lunch.The guys at Elixr are incredibly knowledgeable about coffee, different brewing methods and equipment and they take the time to enjoy it with you.  
The barista that made my hand poured kenyan coffee told me all about the method and equipment he was using, and the coffee itself.  He took me through each step and at the end I had a flavorful and unique cup of coffee that truly satisfied.
I highly recommend Elixr if you're looking for not only a great cup, but a great overall experience.This is definitely a cool coffee place to go do some work and/or meet up with a friend. Elixr has such a rustic and beautifully-designed interior, good wi-fi, and a gluten-free banana bread that is well worth trying!The very best latte I've had in Philly. The location couldn't be better and the service is amazing. a favorite from now on.Minimal styling and clean. Menu was simple but many choices. The Santa Isabela was pretty nice.Great hand-poured delicious coffee. I wish they never painted over the Nosego on the wall.Coffee/espresso snob here. Elixr never disappoints. The loose tea and chai lattes are excellent, too. Service is very sweet and simple.
Most have said it, but damn this place gets crowded. I'm happy for them! I work online so if I'm gonna come in from South Jersey I get here early in the morning so I can sit and enjoy my cappuccino while I work.I usually like this place for a good coffee and getting work done (minus unreliable internet). However, stay away from pricey croissants which are dry and can't be heated up. What a miss!I've been here twice and have had the Iced Almond Mocha and the Cold Brew. 
I really liked the Iced Almond Mocha but it's a bit more on the chocolatey side since the chocolate flavor is sort of richer compared to other coffee shop's mochas. 
For the cold brew, it was good! It was smooth and not as acidic versus others.Tucked away & comfy. Also, beneath the seating is a row of 20 outlets. I can finally charge all 20 of my devices while enjoying an espresso. 
Surprisingly, its free from the 'everyone knows im a writer' guests who set up fort with a web of cords surrounding their empty cup. 
Neat wood work too.Set off in a discreet location, this coffee shop is top notch.  The friendly barista's and rustic look make this a great way to start your day.  The almond croissant's are delicious.Terrific coffee, friendly baristas, and nice, sleek decor. Philly has really come of coffee age with this shop. I'm from Portland, Oregon, and I know from good coffee, and this ranked right up there with the best of what is served in PDX.Four stars for the service and the ambiance, both of which are inviting and make one want to stay and sit with a coffee and chat. However, minus one star for the fact that it is never easy to find a place to sit!! Though whenever near Sydenham, I always end up in there vs. the chain coffee store since it is a true coffee house and great kitsch touches like book vending machine and postcards lend to the hip atmosphere.Coffee shop best for: Hanging out with friends
Overall Impressions: This is the most extroverted coffee shop I've ever been in. Definitely has a come in with friends and talk/hangout feel. Originally I liked Elixr coffee shop, but the longer I stayed there the less and less I'm liked it (background check - I'm also an introvert). There's just too much stimulation in one location. Also the coffee shop was packed! There was basically no seating. 
Coffee: Got a decaf pour over for pretty cheap! So I'm super happy about that. The coffee is pretty good. Strong and tempers well with cream. It doesn't hit you as hard as some other coffee's I had (very few though) but definitely still has good, well developed taste. The coffee was gentle enough to drink black - of course I still added cream because I like a thicker cup
Other options: Didn't order anything else but it looks like they have a decently fresh looking variety of pastries in addition to teas. The cool thing about tea is that they give you a glass teapot for you to pour your own cup
Service: Service was super nice. I asked for a decaf - which not all smaller shops are prepared to serve - and they made me a pour over. I have a feeling if you asked for something the servers here would try their best to make it. Very laid back chill people, not very chatty - but that's fine of course. 
Layout & Location: The coffee shop is kind of hidden, it's on a small street between 15th and 16th. They did a very good job maximizing space and providing all sorts of work spaces. My favorite is the bar height table near the large window (overlooking... dumpsters and other passerby-ers). There's also a large main table, tables for two, and a couch area. There are ample plugs hidden everywhere - like under the couch.  Again, it's pretty loud here given that they're playing music super loud (Top 40) and there's a lot of people talking
Décor: Somewhat of a cross between a graffiti park and a laboratory... I like the dishware because the rim of the coffee isn't too thick (I know random right). The couch bench thing and the large collaborative main table is super unique and cool about this location. The bathroom, though placed at the very front of the shop and that's a bit... weird, was really unique in its own way.This is one of my favorite places to get coffee- high quality coffee every time. I like getting the lattes here (not a lot of foam- yay). They also have a small selection of sweets (croissants are really good). There are several tables here up for grabs if you want to sip coffee and work. It's tucked away in the alley, so there isn't a lot of foot traffic outside.What a great little spot. I love the intimacy of the place, and the austere feel of the seating.  Not a place for being loud, which is nice. Friendly staff and decent prices; $3 for a decent medium-sized to-go cup. 
And the coffee? Excellent. I had a surprisingly fruity cup of pourover Panama and loved it.  They have soy milk (Trader Joes).
Definitely a place I'd try again next time I'm in town.I'm not even a big coffee drinker, but this place is great!  Nice caps and i had a fantastic fruit danish... of which I'm not certain what it was called.  If you're looking for a good coffee shop while trying to avoid starbucks, this is it.Excellently prepared, fresh coffee.  My cappuccino looked as beautiful as it tasted smooth.  A good cafe should have great vibes--a place you actually WANT to sit and do work.  The smell of fresh coffee beans and the purr of quality grinders is set on a background of awesome artwork-lined walls and hip tunes.  The baristas know their stuff and are not afraid to recommend other cafes in town.  Located in a great part of town, too. Thumbs up.This was nearby the theater on broad so we headed over here plus it was small business Saturday so why not support locally.  You guys lost 2 stars because there was a fly inside your bagel/pastry shelf.  That is just a no no!  Plus my beverage (double decaf espresso) was on the warm side not hot.  It became room temp very quick.  The guy enjoyed his hand poured coffee.  His first time, and loved it.  The thought made me want to buy a chemex for home.  I give you guys points for the shabby chicness of this place.  Maybe next time will be better.  I still like La Colombe better though.  Sorry.Really unique find. Decor is an industrial, rustic chic but cozy at the same time (you'll get it when you go there). They have pour over coffee, which I've never had before and it really enhances the flavor.  Their unique roasts are so tasty it eliminates the need for cream or sugar. I would have started drinking black coffee a long time ago if I knew about this place. Quite relaxing atmosphere where those who want to chat and those who want to work quietly can coincide. Definitely a go-to for coffee lovers!Cold brew is pretty solid and for $3 it's a fair price for a solid glass of cold brew.Fantastic place, and great with answering all of a dip newbies questions. Very popular and sometimes hard to get a seat. Regardless it's worth checking out, even if you have to take your coffee to go.I stumbled upon this place after seeing a sign placed on walnut st advertising its existence in a side alley. I was desperate for some caffeine and was willing to put all my coffee pretentiousness aside to procure some..which was totally unnecessary! This place was pour-over heaven! This is a cool, trendy spot roasting and brewing up some awesome coffee concoctions. The staff is uber friendly and the atmosphere is super chill. I would totally even go out of my way to come here. They know and respect quality coffee. I can't wait to come back.Elixr is the spot for the best coffee in Center city since Rival Brothers moved.  
$2.25 for drip coffee is a pretty standard price, but the stuff is way better than Starbucks, Dunkin, et al.
They also have really fancy pour over single drip; if that's your thing. Those cups of coffee at $4.50-6.50.
Elixir is a simple coffee shop which a beautiful interior, enough plugs for each patron to power several devices, and great coffee.Fantastic pour overs, which may be obvious, but they're also made by very nice people. Scale broke, which required me to wait perhaps 90 additional seconds, and for this apparently mortal sin they gave me a coupon for a free coffee (which I can't use since I'm an out of towner ). Highly recommend!What a wonderful coffee shop!
I've heard whispers of Elixr for ages now, but living east of Broad, I tend to stick to my side of the city for the most part. Shameful, I know, but I'm lazy. Well I finally decided to take the plunge and visit Elixr with a fellow Yelper on a lazy Sunday morning. I can't speak to the old location, but the new one is simply adorable. The decor is fantastic and homey, yet modern. 
Oh, and the coffee isn't bad either. They have a wide selection of specialty coffees with menu descriptions that read like a wine list, highlighting the different notes and flavors of each roast. I thoroughly enjoyed my cup, which was one of the hand brews of the day. Seating was rather hard to come by, which is a pretty good sign. This is definitely a place to sit and relax for while or get some work done. It just feels plain cozy. I will be returning much more regularly, even if it means (gasp!) venturing west of Broad more often.Worst experience ever. I would give them zero stars if I freaking could. GOD! I AM SO PISSED! I go there reading all the reviews that the place is awesome to just get a bite and hang out for a while. I went in and asked for a yogurt parfait and when the lady asked for here or to go I said for here and then paid for it. And.. *crickets* no one looked like they were going to do anything to put it together. So I waited for a while not knowing what to do and standing around feeling like an idiot. And then I went and told the guy that I ordered a yogurt parfait and he was like oh! Okay and took a to go cup with some measly yogurt.. He asked if I wanted fruit in it and I said sure he proceed to Dump the granola from the Mason jar in the freaking yogurt put a lid on it and handed it to me.. No sign of fruit. I felt like I was in the twilight zone. What was happening here. 
NEVER GOING BACK THERE AGAIN! Spoilt my whole day what a bummer. 
P.S : Nobody should be treated this way.Cool place. It seems everyone is doing chemex coffee these days in center city, so can't say this place is that unique anymore, but good coffee and chill spot. Nice options including African and South American beans.I just moved to Philly and this has become my go-to study spot in Center City. The vibe is really nice. It's a little hipster with its flower wall paper and semi-brick exposed walls. It has this really unique flower tapestry hanging from the ceiling too. There's plenty of seating and tables for studying, though it can get a little crowded sometimes. Also the music they play is on pointEvery time I go in there, there is nowhere to sit, which for starters is an issue of significance; as I typically come into the city to do research and I need a place where I don't get stink eye if I am seated for more than 15 minutes. The coffee is good, but for being there 4 hours, not one of those cups was a discount. If a customer buys 4 cups of coffee, why can't you charge at least 1 for half price or something similar.  Alll in all the environment is meh and the staff don't seem to spend too much time on customers who they don't already know well.Love the owner, Evan, and his batista are a great friendly crew as well.  Excellent coffee, and love the rustic looking interior. 
Cons: It seems they only sell a special roast Evan created around the holidays.  It had some great cherry notes in it that I loved, but was disappointed to find I could not purchase a bag on a recent trip since they no longer carry it. 
Also, maybe find ways to add additional seating, as it is always extremely crowded, no matter the time of day.  Thanks!I think Elixr converted me to pour over coffee!  It takes a bit, but definitely worth it (I had the Sumatra).  I love the decor, especially the communal tables.  And finally, the staff was super friendly, which is a breath of fresh air from some other coffeeshops in this town *cough* last drop *cough*.If you are a fan of bold, attention-grabbing coffee, this is hands-down the best coffee in town!Great coffee joint!  Perfect place if you're looking for a great atmosphere, and an equally great pour over.  I got the El Salvador Blend, and it hit the spot!  If you're in Philly looking for a chill spot than this is it. 
Pros: 
Coffee
Atmosphere
Bathroom (it's so awesome)
Cons: 
Was packed (that should be a good thing too)
Don't expect to get a cappuccino there or something, even though idk don't know why you would.I didn't give Elixr Coffee four or five stars (though, if I rated on pure emotion, I would) because I'm taking the rating system literally, and Elixr is "A-OK."
I've been to Elixr twice so far.  Its decor has this rustic hipster appeal.  And there are tons of outlets so that you can plug up your devices during your visit.  They also display small coffee and tea appliances for sale.  The display, alone, makes me want to buy up everything they have. 
My most recent visit to Elixr is turning me into a fan, however.  I ordered a rooibos tea and then sat in the seating area downstairs to wait.  After a while, I realized that I needed to check on my tea, thinking that it was probably sitting with the barista, getting cold.  
When I spoke with the barista, he said that my tea was still steeping and then assured me that he would call me when it was ready!  I was so impressed!  At other places, the barista puts your tea bag into a cup with some hot water and hands it to you.  But not at Elixr.  It's as if they want your beverage to be spot on before they hand it to you.  And perfection is always worth waiting for.  Go.Baristas very nice compared with la colombe or ultimo.
Espresso and ice coffee are much way better with no burn aftertaste.
Should open more branch!! And speedy up service..chatting isgood with cust but..itslows downWas visiting for a weekend and stumbled into this cute coffee shop. Lots of seating but was packed with students and people on laptops. I couldn't find a drink menu, which I found odd but I guess people know what they want. I ordered a cappuccino and was pleasantly surprised. It was musky and earthy but it had a smooth finish. Little to no acidity which I like. Overall a pretty robust cappuccino. Would come to try their coffee!A great dig in the city. I live for their espresso! The atmosphere is rather relaxed and has interesting artwork. If you're shopping in rittenhouse and need to put some pep in your step, Elixr is a favorite.I slept in on a Sunday, which I NEVER do and for the exact reason that I feel tired and out of sorts the entire day. I needed caffeine badly, and on a whim since I've started *gasp* drinking coffee and trying out the various cafes in our area, I chose Elixr Coffee as my next bean adventure. 
The cafe itself has a really awesome interior design IMHO, but I do love myself some dark wood, and that is everywhere. A fair amount of seating, too, and a number of people were sitting inside with laptops or books. I just wanted something to take outside as I did errands, so I got an iced coffee. DELICIOUS. So smooth tasting, I tried to savor it but I honestly sucked that baby down and wished I had another. I nearly did go back later that afternoon, but I knew that I would regret it if I did. But I may have a favorite coffee shop now...I like this place. Friendly staff, good coffee, and good food on a limited menu. Also a cool space. Great local coffee option.
The baked goods should be in a case or covered somehow. There are often gnats and fruit flies buzzing around the baked goods, which is unappetizing and probably not good food storage practice.
I also wish there were a phone number to call ahead, as the service for prepared foods can be slow.This is your go-to ultra-hipster impossibly trendy sip-n-stay-all-day-studying four dollar shot of espresso reclaimed wood industrial chic coffee joint.
The food is pretty good too. They really seem to care about the coffee, the food, the decor, the vibe. It all helps. If you can find a seat, take it, stay a while, soak it all in.I never review places while in them. I also am way behind on reviews in general. But I need to review Elixr as I sit in it-
I have been craving hot chocolate for weeks now, and it got much worse today given the random blast of freezing cold weather again. I went to a Starbucks after having to be outside for a while (only to charge my phone and use the wifi to search for a local coffee shop that may be able to give me my hot chocolate fix in the area. Behold-Elixr is found on yelp and I ventured over. Walking in was so warm, comforting, and the place is spacious and adorable. The barista at the counter looked at me as if immediately prepared to take my order and I said I was undecided. "No rush take your time!". I can't have dairy, so I asked about their milk options. Soy-sold. Is the hot chocolate milk chocolate? Cocoa powder and nope. Double sold. I rarely buy hot chocolate anywhere, usually make it at home, and am very picky about it in general. Kind of a hot chocolate snob. The shop has such good reviews, its freezing out, I've had a rough few days so why the hell not? Go for it, treat yourself. I am glad I did. It was delicious to the point that I scraped the mug clean. 
Elixr is so warm and welcoming, spacious for people to work, hang out, sit solo (like I did), and relax. Added bonus-all the guys working are adorable and sweet. I wish my chocolate had bit hotter (it was warm), but other than that I am very please with my decision to come in here on a whimI am not a coffee connoisseur, but even I know that this place is good. I never mind following my coffee addicted friends and family to this place and trying something I don't have the palate to appreciate. It's just good.Elixr is a great coffee shop. It might be Philly's best. The coffee is always very good. I really appreciate that they sell Dottie's Doughnuts so I can have a vegan snack with their coffee. One last bonus: an outlet beneath each seat in the large seating area in the front of the store.Everything you would come to expect from a local coffee shop. Good coffee, tasty snacks, and a nice environment to get some work done.  Plenty of electric plugs can be found, and lots of seats for the solo worker.I never imagined that my first coffee shop review on Yelp would be for a place that I didn't even know existed less than a week ago...and I'm kind of wishing it hadn't been...
I discovered Elixr while reading a recent article by Craig LaBan on the best coffee shops in Philadelphia. I don't want to say I'm a coffee elitist, but I definitely pride myself on recognizing a decent cup of Joe. That's why I was so surprised that this place had flown under my radar for quite some time.
My friend and I decided to stop here after a de-lic-ious lunch at Good Dog Bar just across the street (check out my review!). When ordering coffee, I typically steer toward cafe au lait's, but I decided this time to go for the highly recommended pour over, using their Guatemalan roast. Now, while I understand that a pour over is as much a science as it is an art, I was disappointed when the barista preparing my drink completely botched her first attempt (how hard can it be to weigh coffee beans? Especially when you have a chart and scale in front of you...).
I think this is the perfect opportunity to mention that while perusing other reviews, prior to my visit, I'd read that the baristas here can sometimes come off as a tad bit rude: preoccupying themselves in conversation, whether it be with each other or with friends in the shop. I'd hoped this wouldn't be the case during our visit -- there's nothing worse than that arrogant, pretentious attitude you sometime encounter at high-brow coffee shops -- sadly, I must now join the ranks of the disgruntled.
My friend, who'd ordered a cappuccino, stood patiently with me at the counter waiting for her order. While my barista was hard at work preparing her second attempt at my pour over, I noticed the other barista, deep in meaningless conversation with his buddy (who was standing directly next to us in line), was haphazardly preparing my friend's drink. Once done, and without skipping a beat, the barista put the drink on the counter (in front of his friend), continued his conversation, and made no acknowledgement that her drink was ready. Only because I'd been paying attention to what he was doing did I realize that the drink he'd made was indeed hers.
I informed her that it was her drink, and sent her off in search of seats, which are limited, due largely to the fact that much of the space is occupied by communal tables. A concept which in theory is a great idea, but in practice means one or two people spreading their things across half the table.
Another 5 minutes and I was finally able to join my friend and enjoy my long awaited coffee. While the wait was a bit long, it was definitely worth it, seeing as my pour over was delicious. Just the right temperature, low acidity, with subtle notes of grapes and berries. My friend also really enjoyed her cappuccino, though when I tasted it, it was a little weak; both on taste and temperature.
All in all, Elixr's a decent place to grab a decent cup of coffee. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try it out; however, if you find yourself in this part of town with a bit of time and patience on your hands, by all means check it out.I don't get to walk around center city much during the week.  When I do, I try to make it like a vacation.  On vacation, I walk around and drink coffee and beer all day.  Elixr was on my list.
Nice space, albeit a bit small when you walk in.  We hit just about the time that all the kids from U-Arts or wherever where mobbing all the tables with their expensive Apple laptops.  That's fine we were taking to go.
I ordered their Costa Rican pour-over.  This was a really tasty coffee.  It look some time because I think the guys behind the counter were a bit overwhelmed and because of the brewing method.  Also, they were unsure whether we paid or not which is hopefully not something they repeat with other customers.  It could affect their profitability.
I really liked their 4 group La Marzocco.  I had a dream about redesigning my kitchen just to accommodate it.  Then I woke up.  Anyhoo, I will be returning for some espresso.  Details to follow..Elixr is a coffee shop with great Yelp ratings, but easy to miss because it's off the main street and in a smaller side street. However, it's worth finding. The inside is beautiful and there's lots of tables and couches to sit at. The coffee wasn't a 5 star rating, but it is good and the staff friendly. One fun touch is that you can write a postcard to a friend while you sip your coffee and they pay for the postcard and the postage! Great unique, personal touch to a great coffee shop. If you're a hipster, go here!I haven't been to the new location yet, but as far as the old one goes, it was quiet and cozy. The staff is always super nice and very helpful. The service is quick and the coffee is excellent. It's a little pricy, but you definitely get quality to match the cost. It's a great place to grab a quick cup of coffee or just chill out a bit.I've become somewhat of a coffee snob and I blame Elixr. The first thing I learned was there is no need to add dairy products to coffee when the coffee tastes this good by itself. It'd be like adding water to a fine whiskey or bourbon. The pour-over process takes a bit of time, but so does enjoying each sip of the result. 
So save this spot for when you have the time to properly enjoy everything about it, including the ambiance and communal bench seating area which will automatically make you a new friend or two. There are a ton of power plugs under that bench, but I find myself avoiding getting the laptop out if I can when I'm here.
Since the coffee is such a treat, and such artistry goes into brewing it, their prices are a tad higher than you'll find elsewhere which makes this more of a luxury spot for me rather than daily routine.Elixr gets my vote for the best coffee experience in center city, hands-down.  The baristas are well informed about different varietals, actually enjoy talking shop, and know how to brew a cup any way you please.  Need a place to pop open your laptop and get some work done?  They've got you covered there, too.  If you want 60 second assembly-line coffee, there are hundreds of options around the city; If you want consistently amazing coffee of all types, head to Elixr.Beautiful interior at new spot! still the usual elixr, awesome quality coffee, absentminded bored lackluster baristas, seating full of people not drinking coffee just on laptops. Not nearly as friendly as other spots in philly (la colombe, the philadelphia java company) but if you have friends to chat with, its a nice environment. the hand poured coffee is sublime. i usually cream and sugar up my drink but no need here! I like going with friends so it was fine for me!I'm a Seattle guy and coffee snob so I'm usually pretty hard on reviews.  This place has it all...strong, tasty coffee and great vibe.  Lots of space.  A bit hard to find, but well worth it.  Hidden gem!I'm not an espresso snob.  But I am from a coffee town so I like seeking out real deal coffee places when I'm visiting other cities.  This place definitely qualifies!  Foam, temperature, flavor, all perfectly blended.  
Atmosphere is super well designed.  Well thought out but not overstated and not "trying too hard."  I can easily see spending more time here if I lived in Philly.Perfect place to spend a rainy afternoon. Split a brownie with my sister and warmed up with some cappuccinos.Had a pour over...it was yummy.
Had a multi grain bagel with cream cheese...it was yummy.The hummus sandwich maybe one of the messiest sandwiches I've ever eaten, BUT it is SO good I didn't even care.A little overpriced, but definitely worth it for the people who are admittedly coffee snobs. Their drop coffee is always made fresh to order, and leaves out that burnt taste that starbucks tends to have. 
The only reason why I give it 5 instead of 4 stars is the inconsistency. The first time I tried their mocha, I nearly cried because it was so good. The second time around, it was just as visually appetizing, but tasted like water. The third time was mere mediocre. I hope to return one day to get that awesome cup of mocha.... but their black coffee has never failed.Warning: Do not get the titular "Elixr Coffee" unless you're a fan of Kombucha. Because to me, thats what it tasted like. Really fizzy bubbly shots of espresso with bitter orange notes. Like I said, not a fan, but overall the vibe of the cafe is great! 
This place is difficult to find if you don't know where it's at, so make sure to GPS it otherwise youll end up walking past it like we did. Once inside the space is grand and open with plenty of seating that seemed to fill up very quickly. Aside from the Elixr I also had the brewed coffee which was excellent. I could see myself hanging out here on a weekly basis just to get some work done.In the tiny alley of downtown Philly you can find a coffee shop called Elixr. The atmosphere is upscale hipster if there ever was one. The staff are very friendly and are very helpful especially to a first-timer like myself. The coffee is very smooth and a perfect morning or afternoon pickup. It is definitely on the more expensive side of things but as a tourist I was willing to spend the extra cash to help out the small businessman. 
Overall, I was very satisfied with my experience and would recommend everyone come and experience Elixr for themselves. 
Keep up the good work!for those of you who haven't discovered this place and need a bathroom to use while out and about in center city...find it!  the bathroom door is DIRECTLY across from the entrance, so no need to pretend to buy a cup of coffee if you have to go.  
...only negative is there were no more paper towels when i went in there with my sister, but she had no problem picking up a used one off of the floor.4 stars for the coffee (which is excellent) and for the nice people who work here, zero stars for the fact that I have to step over so many wires because literally EVERYONE sitting in this place is on a computer that apparently needs to be charged. Here's a tip: come to the coffee shop with your battery at 100%. Not complaining that everyone's staring at a screen though. I'm actually glad because I don't want to have to talk to these d-bags.This is definitely off the beaten path but worth it.  The coffee was pretty good and my friend said they have the best hot chocolate in the city.  The interior was very cool.. the only thing that bugs me is that I always see Euro couples making out on weekend mornings.  Ahh nothing screams "romantic" like some stank coffee breath!I like Elixr because you can usually find a seat, it's nice and cool for the summer, and the staff here is very friendly :)
I came here today to grab something cold while waiting for my dinner reservation to come through. I wish they had more iced drinks that are noncaffeinated, but they only have iced coffee, iced tea (green tea or lemongrass, the latter which they ran out of) so I had to opt for the green tea since it was too late to have coffee.
I would suggest they have a large menu board since they only have these two small printed paper menus on the counter, which makes the choosing process longer especially during peak times.
Lastly, I was impressed by the professionalism of the staff here. One customer knocked over another customer's green tea drink as she was leaving (without even an apology, might I add) which resulted in a shattered glass mess. Thankfully the customer was cool about it and the cashier cleaned it up quickly. Unfortunately they ran out of iced green tea at this point (they brew it beforehand) but the cashier was sweet enough to give the customer another beverage for free. I thought that was very kind and professional.If you want an double espresso that tastes like undiluted vinegar and dish soap, this is your place.The coffee here is superb. I haven't heard of many roasters from the east, I'm usually a blue bottle, stumptown, verve, and other west coast roasters kinda guy. But this definitely placed elixir on the map for me.
Thanks for the simple yet delicious cup. Made my morning. Also the ambience of the place certainly made this more enjoyable too. :)Great coffee, but aaaaalways so crowded. Don't expect to get a seat if you're here one afternoon. It's fillllled with people plopped there for loooong periods of time.Very hip little spot just off the beaten path.  No frills delicious coffee and a limited-to-the-classics pastry selection.  Friendly staff.  If you're sticking around the tables are few and far between, but there is usually room on the large open bench with outlets aplenty underneath.  Great place to pop in and take a load off.Absolutely great coffee. I think they proved their superiority to competition like reanimator. I worked with coffee from both roasters and they do their hob well.Hey Philly: keep the boutique coffeeshop revolution up!
Hate Starbucks?  Disappointed with the decline of La Colombe's quality (like me)?  You finally have an option west of Broad worth checking out.
Brewing Kansas-based PT's Coffee and slinging espresso drinks on a  La Marzocco machine, this place is the real deal.  Add some beautiful wooden tables to the mix, and a nice selection of prepared sandwiches and salads.  
The space is small, but I'll most likely be coming here for coffee on the way to the office.  Welcome to the 'hood, Elixr!I was very impressed with Elixr.  The barristas were very good and did a great job with both espresso and pour-overs.  I had a few espressos, cappuccinos, and an excellent micro-lot Guatemalan from the Chemex.  
The shop itself is very spacious and has a good amount of seating.
As for their roasts, I bought a bag of their Mexican Chiapas (called 'Santa Teresa') and it's awesome.  Strong molasses and fruit flavor out of the french press, Chemex, and Aeropress.  
Highly recommended.Can be a little hard to find, but is one of my go-to study places downtown. Always great to grab a cup of iced coffee (with fruit accents!) and settle down on their large tables with readings for a couple hours. Baristas are super friendly, and are quick to recommend drinks if you're a coffee newbie!On my second random visit, I ordered the vanilla rooibos iced tea. Not being a tea drinker, getting used to drinking without sugar has been tough. Most times, there is some bitter edge to the tea.  Not here.  Both this one and the iced green tea I had last time we're not the least bit bitter and both were super flavorful. Plus, the staff is friendly and helpful - I was even asked if I wanted to sample the tea first.  The only downside is that there is very little seating.The drinks are so good here that I barely, if at all, need to put sugar in them, and that's saying a lot from me. I've had a cappuccino and a soy latte and both were delicious, and incredibly smooth. The decor/layout/style of this place is top notch with a homey feel. The staff are super friendly, adorable, and really good at their jobs. I don't find myself needing coffee in the downtown area very often, but when I do, I always go to Elixr.A little hidden except for the tables outside. Great vibe, great coffee blends, so worth the walk a few blocks from Rittenhouse Square. The pour-overs are delightful and there are options for every mood you're in.I am not a coffee person, but when I do choose to drink it, I search for something a space-time continuum better than Starbucks coffee. It's hard to find a good cup unless in the city.
Elixr has its niche clientele where it has a ton of coffee & tea options that are welcomed in a very hip, tech-friendly environment with an intentionally distressed interior; I suppose if Chipotle were a café, this might just be it.
I had the cold brewed coffee due to my interest in getting the best in flavor without getting jittered by something as compact as espresso. The chemex funnel device is used for this method, of course. 
I started sipping right away to get the gist of the drink before the iced melted any more. The resulting flavor was not bitter, nutty, sweet....but definitely weak, what a drag. With the amount of ice the barista put in the drink (and for what you pay for the drink itself), it simply needed to be stronger, especially when the ice dilutes in order to balance it out. Don't get me wrong, their cold brew is nice..but the full body flavor just wasn't there and seemed watered down. And I'm not even a coffee drinker, so I know weak vs. strong coffee when I taste it.
Elixr coffee might appeal to the coffee drinker who enjoys a lighter brew, as another Yelper stated. But in my opinion you need at least a slightly stronger coffee in order to bring out the best flavors. If that suits you, there's La Colombe two blocks away.I love coffee places where I am not tempted to put sugar in the cappuccino. His is the best place! They care, nice laid back vibe. Love it!Fantastic specialty coffee shop in Center City, offering a variety of delicious espresso drinks as well as vegan donuts and cinnamon rolls. Ambiance is sleek and modern yet cozy and inviting. Lots of seating and surfaces to work on, as well as outdoor seating. Prices are very reasonable ($5 for an iced Americano and vegan donut).
My Americano was perfectly made, and I really enjoyed the vegan donut. I was pleased to see that they had several different flavors, including chocolate pistachio, maple walnut, and blueberry coconut. Staff was very friendly and patient. All credit cards accepted.Delicious coffee. I appreciate it so much since I drink mine black.
We brew their coffee where I work, so I get to drink it literally everyday, but that doesn't keep me from stopping in when I'm near Rittenhouse.
The decor is awesome, but the last time I was in was on a date. We had no option but to sit at a table way too close to other people doing work. I realize that this place doesn't really give off a super homey vibe to begin with, but it was just awkward. We drank our coffee very quickly (but still enjoyed it) and headed out to the park.Oh joy - you Yelpers rock.  This place is off the "beaten path," tucked into what seems like a small side street off a main street, and it has no huge awning or welcoming entrance to say, "Hello, Philly, we are here with great coffee!"  Thank goodness for Yelpers.
Also, the menu is pretty small but focuses on the beans.  YES.  The menu does not identify the almond milk latte possibility, but oh yes, it's possible.  The beans here are beautiful.  In iced almond latte format... I can say that I consumed it in less than a minute... no joke.  It was that good.  Well... give a coffee-a-holic connoisseur some good brew, and... well, thank goodness I bought a bag of beans for the home brewing.  This place is delicious.
The staff are nice, unassuming, patient and helpful.  The focus is the coffee, as it should be.
The space is beautiful and has a calmer feeling than most coffee houses/ shops.
Plenty of items to order for food, but, the food isn't the most health conscious, vegan or gluten-free friendly.  Just saying.  Good looking choices, but, really, however good they are, I would spend all my money on their coffee.  So good!I really like Elixr (cool name, too!). I've been a Starbucks-snob for so long, but I decided to live on the wild side and venture out since Elixr is right by where I live. 
I have to say, I'm converted. Their coffee is so flavorful, and robust but not bitter. Their pastries look divine, so one morning I'm sure I'll be trying one. The decor of Elixr is rustic, warm and inviting. My husband even likes their coffee, and that says a lot because he's picky about his coffee. Great place!Delicous coffee, very comfortable seating and ambiance and super-friendly staff. Will be sure to come back.Honestly, one of the best coffee shops in the area. Not only by taste, but also by customer service. 
i.e: Their timer for steeping the tea stopped working. Do I know the different steep times for all their teas? No. Could they have given me an over steeped tea and I wouldn't have noticed? Yes. The super charming barista let me know that its going to take a few more minutes but she wanted to get it right for me. 
Seriously, they're the best.Loved everything about this coffee shop! Friendly staff and great atmosphere, coffee was also amazing!My boyfriend and I love coffee shops and the environment they have.  This place did not fail to meet those expectations.  I had a cappuccino and he had a cold brew and we split a turkey and goat cheese sandwich.  Everything was great and we enjoyed it very much!  There is plenty of seating, free wifi, and the atmosphere is great.  The coffee also has that freshly roasted flavor and that delicious richness that I love about coffee.  This shop is kind of hard to find, but once you do, you will not be disappointed!
The only complaint I have would be the lack of accessible menus.  They have no menu posted in the shop, until you get to the front of the line they have a small one for you to look at.  Other than that, we enjoyed it very much and have gone back again because we liked it so much.nice little coffee shop tucked in the middle of the street.
comfy huge wood tables for chit chats, studying, or just enjoying a cup of coffee.
soy latte was pretty good.  lacked a bit of espresso taste, but very smooth.  foam was done well. no huge bubbles or dryness of foam from sipping it slowly.
good music. just wished it was a bit louderI am not a coffee drinker. 
I aggressively avoid 'real' coffee shops due to lack of confidence, barista intimidation, and general awkwardness on my part.
However, I must say that my experience this week at Elixr was fantastic. I walked up to the counter and said my usual line "I don't drink coffee, help me". What happened next was rare and delightful. My barista (I wish I could recall his name) took me through each of the coffees they were offering, explained the tastes, all that jazz and helped me make a decision. He wasn't pushy or turned off by my ignorance and I did not fold and just ask for a tea - my usual move. 
His selection was fantastic and potent, but a great cup of java. Very cool ambiance. Highly recommend for a quick cup or bite! 
Yay for Elixr for being at the top of their game, but still allowing an amateur like me feel welcome.i love this place so much! their Latte is for sure the best one ive ever had. (never got latte from starbucks, since i tried one from here)
always crowded, and there is always waiting line, but not too bad. totally worth waiting for 5~10min.
they have enough seating area, but i never found any empty seats... always full, looks like mostly students.Great place. Good Coffee. A great little place to come and relax.This place is in a strange, almost empty alleyway but the coffee service and food were all good. Mellow interior and music makes for a cool study hangout. If I lived around here, I'd come here often. Almost 5 stars.Was leery of this place because of its location. This place is spot on, blows all new York city coffee shops away. Great atmosphere, excellent coffee, and the analog espresso was rich and perfect by itself.To start off I like my coffee dairy free and preferably with almond milk and they only had oat milk which was the first inconvenience of my day. Second of all, I had to add vanilla syrup my self. The espresso itself was good.I used to really like this place but lately, its just been frustrating every time I come here. First of all, your lids! GET LIDS THAT WORK WITH THE CUP FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY! I have coffee dripping down to my elbow before i even get to Walnut street (this never happened before and i've spoken to several people who have had the same complaint about this). Your staff - Mostly good - some drive me NUTS. Example: I was last in a long line, even knowing i was going to be late for work I waited to get coffee anyway because sometimes you just need it. Anyway, I'm getting all excited because I'm next in line and the barista starts rekindling a long lost friendship with the guy in front of me. She was literally pretending I wasn't there. I looked around to see if anyone else was seeing this but they werent, because I was the only person left in line. It's like, take my order, then you can go back to pathetically flirting with your long lost friend - dont make me listen to your whole conversation. Finally i found another staff member who helped me. That was just so rude. Shes literally the worst every time I'm in there. She never helps out the other staff members.Coffee shop with a cool vibe. There's a mix of people doing work on laptops and chatting with friends. It's louder than average and gets pretty crowded, and the Wifi was pretty spotty at times. The room also smelled a bit of stuffy cigarette smoke. 
It's a unique place to check out, but I'd say it's more of a place to go chat with friends rather than get work done.I was looking for a place to hermit for the day, and this place turned out to be exactly what I wanted. It's tucked away in middle of Center City, but the cafe itself was pretty spacious. The BEST Chai latte I've ever had, free wifi, plenty of outlets, and seating variety made me a big fan. And it was actually warm! Do you know how difficult it is to find a sufficiently warm cafe these days?
The only two things I wasn't crazy about were the music could've been quieter and the lighting a bit brighter. Other than that, I am a big fan and will certainly be back in the future!Extremely spacious, not too busy or crowded , and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. The coffee is all freshly roasted and delicious.Two words: Love it! 
I usually go to coffee shops to study, which means that I look for Wifi, good coffee, outlets, and an atmosphere conducive to studying- I found all of these things at Elixr! 
The location is a little obscure, but I've never seen this place empty despite that.
Take my word for it- if you plan to get a seat, especially on a weekend, GET THERE EARLY!  
The interior is mostly wooden, yet sleek, and there's a good balance of natural and artificial lighting- very cozy, but still allows you to see what you're reading. 
It's a good environment for either studying or socializing. 
I appreciate the abundance of outlets and seating, but I wish there were more individual tables- most of the seating area is composed of long cushioned seats or long tables. 
I also wish that the view was better- Elixr faces dumpsters and a brick wall, which aren't the loveliest things to see. 
The coffee itself is wonderful. La Colombe still holds its place as #1 in my heart, but Elixr is a strong competitor. 
I haven't tried the food, but it looks and sounds pretty good. 
Also, they accept cards, which I find fantastic!
Overall, Elixr is definitely one of my favorite coffee shops in Philly and I would highly recommend checking it out :)The memory of my virgin experience at Elixr, only a short while ago, fades from my countless trips since.  Shattering conventional wisdom--sometimes it is as good (even better) than the first time!   Admittedly, I initially mistook for pomp and circumstance the Shakespearean description of coffee with "purple stone fruit up front" and a "lingering aroma of earl grey tea with bergamot."  Far from indicative of an outrageously self-important barista, this signified artistry in spades.
The crowd was endless on this Saturday afternoon, with most patrons lingering, filling the scant seating, far longer than a typical cup of coffee requires.  Only a fool would debase the orgasmic Yirgacheffe or Injerto by putting it in a paper cup to go.  Still a fool is the middle-aged beret-adorning rube seated upright in a corner for but an instant. He downed the most flavorful espresso in the free world and vanished without a trace.  No, this is a place to spend half-a-day or more.  The notes, be they grape, chocolate or spicy, are sure to remain for days to come.
At first discouraged by the lack of ideal seating, my compadre and I held out, and were rewarded, with the only acceptable seating to be had, a pair of leatherette chair sofas--the Holy Grail--nestled apart from the riff raff in a nondescript corner.  Perfect sightlines to the endless stream of behavior gracing this sacred space.  Far from a doomsday scenario, a seat among the raff will close your eyes but open your ears to other worldly conversations unknown beyond these four blessed walls.
If James Beard reviewed coffee, he'd only drink it here.The espresso and coffee are fantastic. The atmosphere is wonderful. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. 
They take their beans seriously, and it shows.Atmosphere is Hipsterific. Check out the recycled post card collection. The iced coffee was weak with a bitter aftertaste. I went at 6pm on a Sat- All the baked goods were SOLD OUT. Half and half was nonexistent, whole milk, warm and old. So this place makes for a great post card store with limited selection than a coffee shop.Awesome coffee and ambiance. Grind before you and use chemex on the spot. Pricey but I would recommend highly to all coffee lovers.Great coffee and a beautiful, unique interior. I was visiting Philly and desperately needed some espresso, so I came here for a latte. Highly recommend this place! The menu seems a bit limited, but the quality is very good :)The new space is great! It's really open and there's a lot of seating. I'm a big fan of their iced coffee.I would give it a 3 based on the products, but the staff are so awesome they got an extra.
I usually get chai teas at coffee shops, but the one here is underwhelming - it tastes spicy and doesn't have a lot of flavor. i've had a matcha latte here before and i didn't really like it.
the grilled cheese here is unique in that they put apple slices in it, which i thought was a great choice. 
i'll continue to go here - they have a ton of outlets, decent seating, and nice decor.I love this cafe. The people here are great! Everyone is pleasant and friendly. I always get iced coffee and it's excellent; really smooth and keeps me going through my work day. I always try to find a good cafe near wherever I work and I'm glad Elixr exists. It gets busy inside, but that's to be expected in the area.Service and atmosphere are beautiful. But I did not like coffee at all. Coffee prices are also too high. This place is very highly overvalued.Today I will be acting as the Paul Offit to Yelp's Jenny McCarthy, and calling false profits on Elixr Coffee.
Yes there are communal tables. No, the benches for these communal tables are not comfortable. They feel like you're sitting on a giant slab of hard wood. It's pretty wood, but that really doesn't matter...especially when it's hard and it makes your bottom bones hurt. 
The coffee selection is like 10 items long, which is fine - I admire espresso places that specialize in a select few brewed concoctions. And the tea is tasty - try mixing camomile and peppermint.
But the real kicker to the experience is that you enter Elixr smelling like a normal human who showers. That nice neutral smell you work so hard to maintain throughout the day? Yeah, it's gone as soon as you leave. You will smell like coffee shop - like somebody took a spray bottle of wood and old espresso and showered you in it. Not pleasant...not especially when you plan on going to a bar afterwards and picking up men.Aaaaaaaaamazing!! 
My friend and I went yesterday after hearing people rave about it for a while. The ambiance is awesome, very relaxed environment. The coffee & pastries are relatively cheap for a coffee shop of this nature. We both got dirty chai's and they were delicious. The menu has descriptions of the flavor profiles of all the drinks & it was pretty spot on (has a chocolatey note to it!). We also got a ginger cookie which was really great! They don't really have many food options so I suggest bringing a little snack if you plan on staying for a while, but otherwise a great place to get work done!I want to love Elixir, based on just the name, ambience, & bathroom. Unfortunately, every time I've been here the coffee tastes like mud. Each time, I've gotten a soy latte; it's possible their soy milk is causing the problem. I'm going to experiment with just black next time.Wood-decked coffee place in center city for serious coffee lovers with nice places to sit and laptop friendly wifi. Only downside (and the reason it doesn't get 5 stars) is how crowded it is! The coffee is genuinely delicious, but I tend to go only on weekdays when there aren't quite as many people there.Really meh coffee place. Staff was very distracted and were having some confusion in regards to their own stock.  They were having conversations with eachother whole taking our order as well. The breakfast menu was lacking and came to us unevenly cooked. We got the grilled cheese with apples. The coffee itself was nothing to write home about. The seating is limited and the tables were awkwardly sized so that people were taking up multiple tables for their laptops etc. I wouldn't go back.What a cozy and cool place to get warm on a cold day. Very reasonable prices for delicious high quality Teas and coffees and great presentation. Tons of outlets all around the variety of seating areas and great staff. 
And they laughed when I requested a design in my cappuccino :)I love you, elixir.
I love you for the way you look. All rustic and sexy. 
I love you for your hand poured coffee. It is so delicious and served at the RIGHT temperature - not piping hot, not luke-warm. Just perfect.
Most of all, I love you for being there for me when I just need to get away from work. 
You make any other coffee sellers around look bad. So awesome.I Went to elixir today, got a espresso and it was very good. I Was kind of confused though afterwards because they just put my change directly into the tip jar. I can't remember the last time I've ever been so confused or rather annoyed to be honest.Good coffee, nice latte art, and you can get a Chemex pot.I had a tea that was very strong.  I possibly steeped it too long.  But, the atmosphere is very cool and I won't hesitate to go again.meh--it's not my favorite coffee place.  I'm a beginner coffee aficionado, but I find the lattes are somehow off balence, as if the espresso is too overpowering for the milk.  I also thing the pastries/bagels are nothing to rave about.Aggressively hip and tucked away in an alley, Elixr draws bobos like moths to a flame. Free WiFi and copious outlets mean you should be prepared to squeeze in with the herd pretending to work to the tune of the latest in hip music. But I collected the experience along with everyone else with a cookie and drip coffee.Elixir coffee moved to a beautiful new location on Snyderman street which while a bit off the beaten train provides a comfortable atmosphere to enjoy an excellent espresso or a great pour over coffee. They use the chemex system and usually have three or four choices available. In addition they have decent pastries and bagels. They even were kind enough to rinse out my own provided coffee cup. Great service.  The wifi is free and available without a password. Highly recommended.The place is cozy and up to date with many tables and outlets. First thing I noticed when walking in a sea of macbooks, which gives you an indication of the clientele.
The cafe is well planned with the exception of the menus, they are not available until you reach the front. This is slightly annoying when busy. The food is priced right and although not many options,  a great bit to eat. 
Would definitely revisit!Elixr has the grilled cheese of my dreams, that I didn't know existed until yesterday. The addition of pear smear is surprisingly what a grilled cheese has needed all along! The service was also very quick and friendly. My latte was also perfect, with latte art heart within a heart for valentines day! The main drawback is the small size if the location combined with the multitude of workers on laptops makes meeting to grab coffee with a friend here kind of awkward, at least on a Saturday.Shouldn't all coffee shops offer different types of coffee? I mean, really. You don't go to a shoe store and just order "shoes" and be given the same old burnt whatever as the next guy. The thing is... with so many different mediocre-blah cafes on every corner of this city, I often forget that they're supposed to offer options! Until a stellar cafe' like Elixr shows me what I've been missing....
Only at Elixr do I never have to put cream or sugar in the coffee and I don't have to get lattes with sugary syrup. This is a big deal. This means their coffee/espresso on its own is phenomenal. I kind of feel like adding anything to it might just ruin it here..
The first time I went there was the best, because one of the coffee guys (forget his name but has red hair) was incredibly knowledgeable about everything and how different brewing systems create slightly different tastes and he offered me some samples of the different kinds they have. I was so happy with how great everything was that when out of state friends came for a visit recently, Elixr was on the list of the must go-tos.
It's a small space on a busy street and I've seen them get a little overwhelmed and confused when there's a long line but I've never been ultimately unsatisfied.I stopped in here with my husband and friend last weekend, as we got our day started. It's a funky, hipster type of place, and though it's borderline too edgy, their food and coffee was fantastic. 
Now don't get me wrong. I love a good hipster cafe. But if you don't, you mind find this place a little off putting. I found it engaging; there's cool artwork (the hanging flower banner!) and unique architectural elements (hello, u-shaped bench WITH DOZENS OF PLUGS!). 
The food speaks for itself. They obviously care about their coffee; it's single-origin and house roasted. My husband got an espresso and a grilled cheese; I went with an iced coffee and donut. All were incredible. 
I'd be back, for sure. And I will definitely recommend it to friends when they visit.i was greeted with a smile. there wasn't a wait. it was pretty quiet so i could keep focus while reading. there was an available seat and somewhere to charge my phone available (i can't say much for the lunch rush hour but later in the day wasn't too packed). there are big huge wooden tables for groups or for communal sharing. there is some food here that i haven't tried. there is a fake fireplace playing on a flat screen tv which seemed like the only pointless thing about this place (why are you wasting electricty on a televised fire place most people probably aren't going to look at). the place is very sleek, modern, and clean, yet homey and comfortable.
but what matters most - the coffee was fantastic.
i think this place will see me more often on my lunch breaks.Oh Philly...whenever I start to feel comfortable and content in Denver, I visit you and see how much higher your bar is set.
Elixr is as hipster as any Denver cafe, but somehow better. Their coffee is excellent. We had two amazing pourovers.
The pastries from Machine Shop are so good I could cry. How is it that every place in this city has mind-blowing pastries?
The decor is warm, hip, and fun. Exposed brick, lots of what appears to be reclaimed wood, and a rustic DIY feel. The staff are effortlessly hip in slouchy sweaters and knit caps. But they didn't seem put out by my uncool presence. 
If you plan to stay a while, there are approximate 100 outlets available (that's just an eyeball estimate).
From the murals outside and in to the cool pattern on the floor, this place is an Instagrammer's dream.I tried the coffee at Elixr, and the place looks decent. They use PT's coffee. I would judge them on how they brew the coffee because Elixr has no power over how the coffee is roasted.  If the coffee is bad you can brew it with gold and it will suck, anyway. A truly independent coffee shop will be a coffee shop that roasts their own coffee like every little indpendent coffee shop will do in Europe.  Elixr, Ultimo, Good Karma, etc... buy coffee elsewhere then bank on marketing to hide their mediocrity. Marketing should be a tool to say what you really do,  not what you do not do and tell the consumer you do, because it's all you care about. It's to make a lot of money. The people who really care about coffee take the time  to blend and roast them and brew a unique flavor.  In this country we use marketing to make people believe what is not true. Everybody follows like a herd of sheep. I really think the misuse of marketing really kill a lot talent, especially coffee shops. At least Starbucks even roasts their own coffee, despite their corporate model. It's very sad how people view coffee in this country. At least we have evolved from the 80's thanks to Starbucks, Stumptown, Blue bottle, Intelligentsia, La Colombe, and all the little independent coffee roasters.  It's not a science or art to brew coffee. It's an art to blend and roast coffee. Elixr and companies are avoiding the source of good coffee. They focus on brewing. To brew coffee you need a decent employee with some work ethics, that's all.I just had the best latte I've ever had in my entire life. I don't think have to say anything else.Great space with better coffee...if you're in a rush this may not be your place as this cup involves a smidge of time.  I highly recommend a stop here if you respect the bean and the process.This is a great spot to read, work, or catch up with a friend, especially over the brittle cookies. I always appreciate the music and service at Elixr. It really is a literally hidden gem. The only downside is the lack of electric outlets in case you need to plug in.I had about 2 hours to kill this Friday morning and was craving a spot to read a book and relax. When I showed up shortly after 10am nearly every seat was taken, but I didn't have to wait at the bar. I treated myself to an iced coffee ($3) and took one of the last remaining spots, a barstool facing the window near the entrance. 
The natural light was nice for reading, though the view wasn't great. Since Syndenham St is basically an alley, its a little quieter but the only sights are the brick wall across the street and delivery trucks. However, like most 3rd-wave coffee places, the clientele here trends towards artsy-techy so I did get in some people watching and admired some lovely tattoos and minimalist fashion.
My coffee was crisp and satisfying and I eyed my neighbor's cappuccino and cookie between pages. They looked delicious. In my opinion, this place is a too high end to rush off with a quick caffeine fix to-go but if you can find a seat its nice to sit and sip for a little while.A little gem hidden behind the hustle bustle of center city and rittenhouse, surrounded by towering buildings. Elixr is a cute coffee shop that has plenty of seating and outlets (those two things are non negotiable). I just came here for the first time and felt like discovered philadelphias student study spot. The interior is cute with a floral wall and the coffee is both toasty and chic. Will come here again!I'm a big Starbucks gold star customer but this place takes mom and pop shop coffee to another level... The one thing I wish did was put more effort into the food menu. My coffee cake was a little hard. Just a little more work on the pastries compliment the AWSOME coffee and where good.Relaxed atmosphere, they really know about coffee and a good selection of pastries. Add that you get a good quality wifi, lots of power outlets and a really interesting style and you have the perfect recipe for a weekend morning coffee experience. You can sit comfortably and spend an hour reading while sipping a well brewed quality coffee or work on your laptop. Take away would be losing half the experience...
This is now my go-to coffee place in downtown Philly.I couldn't wait to try this place and was excited to see that they were open on New Year's day from 9 to 4pm. I arrived at 3.20pm looking forward to sitting for a bit and trying the coffee only to find the doors already locked and staff cleaning inside! I can understand staff clothing 10 or 15 minutes before, but 40 minutes? Unimpressed.Sitting in Elixr Coffee, writing about Elixr coffee is about as meta as Yelp gets.  
I loved my latte here.  I said "mm" out loud at first sip.  At $3.75, it's a total steal compared to NYC prices.  And it comes without the attitude you find in Brooklyn.  In fact, the guys here are quite nice (and adorable).  
Another love: free WiFi and outlets as far as the eye can see, discreetly lined up along the couches and by the tables.  This place, would it exist in Manhattan, would be an oasis -- the elusive trifecta of quality coffee, warm service, and thoughtful design.I used to blog daily and I always searched for an authentic coffee shop that always had a fair amount of seating & some really good selections of coffee and lattes to choose from. 
Then I found Elixr!
They have such a chill and laid back vibe. Very comfortable and I was always able to get my blog post done. Complimentary Wi-f and tasty sandwiches for lunch. It's a great place if you just want to get out and get some work done in a cool enviornment. 
I've been going here since they were on 15th st, and followed them once they moved over to Sydenham St. Love it!Hipster coffee spots?
Yeah, I'm on the lookout for them!
Needed a pick-me-up while driving through Philly and found this spot! 
Atmosphere is open and wood paneling, it's amazing. A huge statement wall of colors makes it pop away from the wood. Couches all around the lower area and tables up top where you order. 
Ordered two drip coffees off the menu. I am a fan of the chocolate-y type of coffees and love the Chemex station they have going on. The coffee was good, not the best coffee I have ever had but it was smooth, thanks Chemex! We ordered food off the menu. BEST PB&J I have ever had! It was delicious!! Peanut butter was crunchy and it was blueberry bourbon jelly on sourdough bread - AMAZEBALLS. The grilled cheese was tasty but it couldn't compete with the PB&J. I would go back for that, maybe try another coffee.
Bathroom.. pretty cool sliding door. It caught my attention.It's a must stop place when I visit from san francisco . I would rate Elixr five star but today the barista refused to serve an espresso long pull as I requested. Elixr is still my fav coffee place in Philadelphia. Hopefully next time I'll be able to get the coffee that I paid for.Awesome hideaway in a forest of mediocre cafe-like coffee options.  Not a lot of tea or baked good choices but well worth it for the casual comfort and I'm sure drip coffee lovers will enjoy this place as the buyers are in direct relations with the growers.
Only thing I really didn't like and kept me from going higher on the review is the homeless that "hang out" inside and get free coffee and take up space.  There are better services for that NOT in a cafe...Good drinks, way too crowded for me to get any sort of meaningful work done here. Even when I came on a weeknight there was no place for me and my friend to sit down, except for the long couch that we'd be sharing with other people. I do enjoy the drinks here (I've tried the matcha latte and one of the drip coffees) but I'm not a coffee snob - I care more about the study environment. I will say that last time I came they were playing No Name's album Telefone, which gives Elixr brownie points in my book. This is a great place if you can get a seat and if you care about coffee - it's won national awards for that.I'm of mixed mind here. Local roaster and they have a nice space just off of 15th and Walnut that you can sit and hang out in. They're usually pretty busy. Lots of business meetings.
The thing is their cups of coffee are very inconsistent. You never know what you're going to get. We've had a couple great cups of coffee that just tasted like berries and we've had some that were bitter or sour or flat and disappointing. We've also had a few bags, and they too are inconsistent. We've had a nice one and others that were ashy, baked, and flat.
These are probably things that you sort through, but for the moment, I think the scales tilted to the frustrating side a much too much for us. There are more dependable options in the city.Order "the Buzzer" (aka the citywide special of coffee) or whatever they're calling it. It'll, um, get you buzzed.
(Remember to ask for it nicely and tip well.)great place to come for an afternoon pick-me-up. get a cup of drip and watch all the kids "studying" or trying, for something hard and be glad one don't need to faux-study at a coffee house anymore.I love their cappuccino! It's the right amount of milk and beans. The leafy designs are intact with your last gulp, so you know that's good! I frequent here to catch up with a friend, book reading or getting some studying done. It's that type of place that anything goes. I love the rotating murals that showcases Philly's talented artists.Great coffee. Nowhere to sit. 
A message to the elixr laptopites: If you come here with the intention to do work, order 1 coffee, and take up an entire table with your laptop and notes for 2 hours, you're doing elixr a disservice. The place is small and if there's nowhere to sit, then I (and likely others) will probably go elsewhere without ordering anything.Elixr serves what must be among the best espressos and coffees in North America.  The devotion to quality and precision brewing comes through here.   And the pastries are top grade also.  But it would sure be nice if they could find a way to open up more seating.The cafe scene at the corner of 15th and Walnut has always been crowded, with at least five establishments within one block: Cafe Loftus, Cosi, and three Starbucks franchises. Starting next week, you will have two more choices:  Le Pain Quotidien and Elixr, slated to open Wednesday, January 19. 
Exlir is a tiny, glass-fronted coffee shop located directly across from Max Brenner's on 15th Street directly below Walnut Street. The seafoam green interior features high ceilings, hardwood floors and paneling, communal tables, leather armchairs and a flat-screen HDTV.  A white-granite countertop wraps around the bar. 
The uniqueness of Exlir's offerings starts with the source of their coffee, most of which is currently roasted in Kansas. Plans are in the works for local sources to be featured as well. Drinks include coffee, lattes, espresso, and hot chocolate. The cafe will also feature Marathon sandwiches and oatmeal made from steel-cut oats. 
I sampled a single shot of espresso, which was bitter, full bodied, and quite tasty. One of the proprietors imparted the importance of quality crema on an espresso, and if that's what you're into this one definitely has it.
It will be interesting to see what type of clientèle develops at one of latest offerings in a crowded locale which somehow manages to remain under-served.They've got a great space and its off the beaten path so you can usually find a seat but its little steep on the pricing...$3 something for tea and no punch cards! Do you want us back or no...?I have been wanting to review this for a while, and haven't been able to find it because I kept searching for "elixir". Now that I've actually looked at the sign after passing it 900 times, I can tell you about how much I love this place. 
The coffee is amazing - strong and delicious. So is the tea according to my coworker, which they brew from loose leaves in a fancy little mesh pocket. The food is great too. They have sandwiches from marathon as well as an assortment of pastries. Their granola is amazing - they don't put it together until you order it so the granola is still crunchy and they top it with dried cherries. The employees are some of the nicest, cheeriest people I have encountered in a while. 
The only reason this isn't five stars is the prices, but I guess you pay for quality.Elixr is right off of Walnut and 15th St on Sydenham St. The shop is very nice inside with a lot of wood tables, tones and accents. There is pleanty of seating and outlets for computers, etc.
Elixr gives its patrons a choice of 4 different hand poured coffees each week. The staff was very friendly and detailed in the explanations of the different blends. They also have some espresso items. With everything being hand poured and brewed to order it takes a little more time then the ubiquitous Starbucks but it is well worth the wait. The price is also very reasonable against the chain coffee shops. They have some cookies and snacks available but not in great numbers. Elixr is all about the coffee, as it should be.
Definitely worth a visit if in need of a coffee fix in the Rittenhouse Square areas. I'll be back soon!This isn't your average coffee house.  The interior has a very hipster feel to it with a good number of wooden tables, a lounging area, and a bar table at the window (the view isn't the best as you are overlooking dumpsters and a wall).  The restroom is very unique (a sliding wooden door, almost like a cabin in the woods kinda feel to it).  There is no menu on the wall.  I believe what they're famous for are their coffee grounds.  I ordered the cappuccino and it was fantastic.  
I feel like this place needs a better location, it is kind of hidden in a small street.  The quality of coffee they brew deserves a better location with a nicer view than dumpsters and walls.If you like fresh, high quality coffee Elixr is the place for you! 
Freshly roasted beans, knowledgeable baristas and a beutiful space. What else can you ask for in a coffee place!?
One of the best coffee places in Philly for sure. I only tried the espresso based drinks and it was perfect.Alright, so coming from Baltimore this place was the hot spot for locals. I felt like I stuck out. Regardless,  the shop was amazing: the decor, seating, the coffee is on point (I drink it black). I had the El Salvador which was extremely flavorful. It was jammed pack and difficult to find seating. If I lived nearby I'd basically make that my second home. The flow wasn't the best as far as a line and that can make things confusing,  but still one of the best shops I've been to.This is a very cool little coffee shop a bit off the beaten path. Boo and I have a quasi-routine after the gym on Saturday mornings of going and grabbing coffee. After a so so experience at Joe I decided that we should check out the mystery coffee shop with the sidewalk sign I always see. Really awesome vibe in there and we each got cold brews that were delicious. As far as coffee shops go I feel like it's more on the minimalist side but that's fine with me. 
They also sell some pretty cool cold brew machines and the next time we stop in I think we're going to get one. Despite the kind of weird location there was a decent crowd in there and it seems like Elixir is going to be around for a while which is a good thing.Hands-down best coffee shop in the city.  The space is thoughtfully designed and ample - whether you are there to work or to chat.  The service is stellar; the baristas know their coffee - like, more than you ever thought possible - and they have a palpable passion for coffee and for the shop.
Oh, and did I mention the coffee?  Best I have had in Philly by a mile.  Tons of variety suitable for any palate, prepared by the cup by people who know what they are doing.  Will be back many times; I advise you to check it out!Highlight: Delicious little grilled cheese! Made quickly. 
I went on a Wednesday afternoon and the cafe was packed with people studying or enjoying chatter. The tables are wooden benches so it's shared seating.Elixr is delicious.
The decor and vibe are very San Francisco. It truly makes me miss home from the true coffee methods, exposed brick and ceilings, to its hipster baristas.
I typically get an almond latte or iced almond mocha which, when made by the right barista (the one with a beard is good) can make your day.
Not to mention, they have a good dessert selection, home made granola, and Dottie's Donuts!
I do advise that they take some time to make their coffee (10-20 mins) so if you're in a rush, I wouldn't recommend it.This place is so hip you have to mix in your own vanilla syrup to make a vanilla latte. But in all seriousness the coffee was great, the staff was friendly and the interior design was dope. There's plenty of seating and the atmosphere was relaxed enough for reading/studying.I happen to think Elixr's relocation was a good move on their part.  Not only is the seating much more comfortable (they have comfy chairs and regular tables as opposed to the picnic-style tables with high stools at the previous location); they've also significantly expanded their food menu.  Still offering the same great drinks and baked goods, they've added made-to-order sandwiches.  I settled on their signature breakfast sandwich: ham and cheese on challah bread.  Yum! I will definitely be back.I was in great need of a quality neighborhood coffee shop within two blocks of my house. There are plenty within, say, 3-4 - but that is one block too many. Bonus points for this place since it is 2 blocks in the right direction (on the way to the subway!) 
I was very tired of drinking Starbucks coffee that I don't even really like. I am very happy with every drink that I've gotten at Elixr. From regular iced coffee to lattes with pretty designs in the foam, it is delicious. Prices are good - cheaper than Starbucks at least. 
On Sunday morning/afternoons, they even have live music! What a treat to walk into today.This spot is definitely hipster and while my fiance claims she liked it, I did not really enjoy the latte. I got the matcha latte with the oat milk which was highly recommended by other yelpers. In my opinion, the oat milk overpowered the flavor of the matcha and had a strange consistency. Also, while others like the big couch seating area, I prefer smaller tables to one giant communal table so it is more intimate. There seems to be so many coffee spots in Philly, I don't think I would come back to this one.This is my friends favorite place to get coffee. It's also a great spot to meet up, and quite cozy. I can't comment on the drinks, but it smells so rich and not a bit sour. Got me a croissant and cookie which were a fair price for coffee shop fair. The food doesn't scream for me to return, but the ambience does. 
I think the appeal is that it's a very modern, industrial like coffee shop. Kind of like it's name sake, it's a lab that's always brewing coffee and has flasks with little plants inside!!Love this place - so charming, whimsical and the coffee is prepared to perfection. Always grab a bag of coffee to brew at home when I am in the city.Single Origin Espresso was a delight! Ethiopian pour over was fruity, juicy and delicious. Awesome barista named Randal I believe was very knowledgeable about the music playing, super plus. Will be back next time we are in PhiladelphiaTheir customized house-blend coffees are unique but the seating arrangement is a bit impersonal.Awesome coffee. Some of Philly's finest. Quite busy, but a cool clientele. Great interior and nice places to sit.Yelp reviews led us to this place, and again, did not disappoint.
Setting: rustic, calm, inviting.
Service: friendly, helpful,
Coffee: excellent. 
Had:
Decaf, almond milk latte - made perfectly.
Locally sourced yogurt, homemade granola, and sour cherries. 
So good!I wish this was here when I lived in Philly. I wish there was one of these in New York. I wish I could have one of their dreamy lattes served by their dreamy baristas every morning. Genie, make it happen.Heavens-to-Betsy, give me more.  Love this coffee... these guys know how to do it right.  I don't mind waiting four minutes for a fresh cup of coffee.  You can tell the people that work here really have a passion for coffee... they're willing to give you a history lesson... they'll give you all the wikipedia facts.
Great prices, too.  
Oh, did I mention that they have cucumber water?!  I didn't hear an accent from anyone working there... but someone's got to be from the south.  Love it.Ambience is great if the place is empty (just like right now, Monday 7:50 pm), warm fuzzy feeling and nice, not-too-loud music. 
The coffee is just fantastic. I love the love they put in making them, nothing like your favorite, sugar loaded, big-ass commercial franchise. I ordered a mocha and I love how I can really taste the chocolate. 
Kudos to so many power plugs! If you are a chargeaholic like me, you'll find enough juice sources all around the place.
This is by far my fav coffee source in philly... Sorry la colombe fansThis is my favorite artisanal coffee shop in Philadelphia. AND it's in my old hood so I didn't even have to walk past Broad street to get good coffee. Plus they have awesome slate tiling, marble countertops, vintage wood, and nice COMMUNAL (not picnic!) tables made by the Amish.
Elixr brews Kansas' PTs - lovely espresso blends, wonderful single-origin hand-pours, all with a great variety of flavor profiles. Like bright coffees with hints of citrus? Or chocolate-y, nutty, caramel-y? They definitely have em. They are more than happy to answer any questions, so don't be shy if you are new to the coffee world.
Baristi are totally awesome/handsome/friendly. My favorites, just to name a few - Evan (the really really ridiculously good looking owner) + Blake (ask him to speak Arkansas) + Charley (he can make some mean spro!), etc. They take care in making your drinks and if you aren't happy with it (within good reason), they will not hesitate to remake it for you. 
Prices are extremely reasonable for an artisanal/specialty coffee shop. I'm sick of hearing people complain about the prices of coffee. We all need to be more educated on what goes on at coffee farms, the fact that they are DIRECT trade, and that everything is of the highest quality. Coffee is a commodity like oil/gas, prices rise, most specialty coffee shops do not change the price of their drinks despite increasing prices of coffee. So yes, I'd be more than happy to spend $3-$4 (don't forget to tip!) for some good stuff. 
Also, they carry Au Fournil (O-foor-knee) pastries - closest thing I've had to real French pastries in Philly. My favorites are the almond, cream cheese danish, and pain au chocolat.
Elixr is a great place to relax, slow down, and get a mean cup of coffee. If you want something quick and fast, but poorly made, skip this place and go to Starbucks around the corner.
I luv Elixr!During my visit to Philly, my boyfriend's friends recommended this coffee shop due to how "amazing" the coffee was. I yelped it of course, and was dazzled by the photos of the interior, which made me visit it in person.
When I got there though, I was a bit disappointed. Compared to photos, the inside seemed a lot smaller in person, but still decent.. I guess. The cafe was a bit too packed for my taste, and loud. But I should've expected that from a popular hang out place. 
I ordered a mocha latte--pretty basic I know, compared to all their fancy coffees that I've never heard of--and was pleased. It was strong, and with a bit of Splenda, it tasted almost perfect. 
When going here on a busy day (I'm not sure when exactly they WON'T be busy), I recommend getting coffee to go! I noticed their paper cups were cute too.Best coffee I've had in Center City. 
They have a cycling set of pour over coffees, one house espresso, and one "guest" espresso most weeks. I like a good latte, and I have not had better anywhere in Philadelphia. In fact, it's one of the best I've ever had, including the places I used to frequent in Los Angeles.
The prices aren't cheap, but about what you'd expect for "nice" coffee. The staff is friendly and helpful, the setting and crowd are chill. There are about 100 power plugs at the foot of the wrap around couch in the front area, so laptop/cell charging isn't a problem.
Haven't tried the food yet, so no opinions there. I am a die hard regular as far as the coffee is concerned though.Great place to get work done. I love the style and vibe and ambiance of the place. The music is good, not too loud but good music to study to. I ordered the chai and it was good and inexpensive. Free wifi and adequate amount of seatingYour typical hipster coffee shop....which I love, lol. Industrial, raw material decor, terrariums for sale and students on laptops. The coffee comes in one size and it was strong, just how I like it. They have some cute concrete tables out front too since all of the tables and couches were occupied when I was there on a Saturday.Amazing coffee, and that's all I care about. Daily specials are always different to the point where you wonder if you are even drinking coffee. Blah blah words words gotta hit that word count and there it is!!Best cup of coffee in Philadelphia.  And great pastries.  Try the granola, dried fruit and yogurt for a healthy breakfast treat.Ahh-mazaing coffee!!! I am serious about my coffee and this place knows their stuff. Ran here as a stop on the Philly Runner Urban Scrabble, where we had to find different spots in the city for a raffle ticket. That was my first time inside but now that I'm of their existence there's no other way to starting the day. Cappuccino or their house blend.Not my favorite place. As soon as you walk in it feels like you accidentally walked into an urban outfitters. I just get the slightly pretentious trying too hard vibe. Everyone there was wearing skinny jeans and beanies. The line was long, the menu's weren't accessible until you got all the way to the front. Then you have to make a split second decision on artisan coffee you've never heard of before. 
I cracked under pressure and asked the barista for what his favorite was and he recommended the Ethiopian but he couldn't tell me why ("it's good if you like strong roasts" or "something different" etc etc. maybe that's just me, but if I ask for a recommendation I'd like to know why YOU like it and maybe i'll like it for the same reason.) 
My friend and I also ordered a cinnamon roll (very meh) and a scone. The barista accidentally dropped it on the floor and was apologetic but the downside is that there were no more. I don't blame the barista, accidents happen, the issue was that it seemed like there were only 3-5 pastries available for purchase. There are no extra's or back ups. She ended up getting a peach tart (also very meh)
The coffee. So you see it being all fancily dripped so you assume it's going to taste great- I am just not a fan. There was a weird sour-y aftertaste to the coffee and just not at all what I'm used to. Call me old fashioned but I just like a plain old dark roast without all the bells and whistles. It might look like an urban coffee shop but if you are looking for simplicity- this is not it.
Seating was troublesome- not because it was too busy- but because the have long tables and some people take up the entire side of the table with their laptops and notes, coats etc. and there's no polite way to be like "excuse me your crap is taking up a lot of space, I am literally sitting on my friend and you still won't move your stuff which means either you are inconsiderate or you are oblivious, either way I hate you."
What's more is that I ended up waiting a good long while for my coffee, and when I got it, it was lukewarm. For about 7 dollars total, it was super not worth it.
I think this might be a place for people who want to experience what it's like to be a hipster. For those of us who have been to ACTUAL hole-in-the-wall coffee shops, this is nothing in comparison.This place had a really pretentious vibe to it. The menu had so much coffee jargon on it that I could barely figure out what to order.  When I'm trying out a new coffee place, I just want a standard iced/hot coffee. Too many expensive options with fancy names here. The coffee was okay, I guess, but a little pricey.  Not enough condiment options for me, though - no Truvia at the fancy place?  Really cool interior and seemed really cozy, but it's a popular place and seems like it would be hard to find a place to sit on a weekend.Hip decor, central location, 5-star coffee, free wifi. The only negative are the 3-star sandwiches. Still in my top-3 coffee places in Philly.Went here twice when we were in Philly. The coffee was great, as were the croissants. Yeah it's not really cheap but I'd so much rather go here than Dunkin' Donuts. I'm still dreaming about their almond croissants....Love the vibe of Elixr because of the open concept floorplan. Lots of outlets everywhere, as they basically have embedded strip cords underneath all the bench seating. The coffee is good and reasonably priced. They also have a selection of pastries if you're looking for something to tide you over, although I think they also have a legitimate menu if you're looking for something more substantial.
Elixr is packed, and for good reason! Plenty of chatter, so make sure to bring your earphones if you're trying to do work!
Tl;dr -- warm, open coffeeshop near Rittenhouse. A must.This is by far, one of the most amazing coffee shop I've been to, hitting all of the right spots and never skipping a beat. Like everyone has mentioned, Elixr has free (and excellent) wifi, elegant and modern decor, cute plants in jars, and some of the freshest brewed hot and cold coffee I've had in a long time. The staff were incredibly friendly and allowed me to crash at their establishment from 7am (yes, as soon as they opened), until 9am for my interview. My only suggestion is to have electrical outlet near the tables, not just at the couches (in which there is a 5 meter strip underneath the chair for any and all electronic devices), but that'll make this place into more of a luxurious library than a coffee shop, which I'm ok with as well.
They also have a very large and clean bathroom, perfectly conducive to changing my outfit for interviews =)Intelligent, friendly employees- warm, welcoming atmosphere- unique, delicious coffee... What more could you ask for? Well, more space I guess would be a start. When my fiance and I stopped here to grab a specialty cup of joe we had no place to sit.
So, there we stood waiting for them to specially make each of our cups of coffee. Though it took some time, the employees were friendly and talkative, both commenting on our drink selection (as I nodded cluelessly, I just liked the name of the coffee and the fact that it sounded dark).
After we got our cups, we took sips and then tried each others, and I knew this was a good place. Both cups of coffee, untainted by cream or milk or sugar or splenda- totally black, the way coffee should be. Yet each cup tasting extremely different and unique, having their own flavors far removed from what you'd expect from a diner or even a chain coffeehouse for that matter.
They can't do a whole lot about the space and maybe that's something I'll get used to. But, I do like how they have seating that forces you to share with others and *gasp* maybe interact with one another while taking a break from the MacBook.I like this coffee shop, no question about that. The decor is simple but very nice, the space is large and open and the employees are friendly and make some delicious beverages. Not to mention the wifi is pretty darn quick and always working.
But the prices are just so insanely high I can't give 5 stars, sorry. We aint in NYC or SF and I don't see the need to charge up the whazoo for a bagel. Or a coffee for that matter. Perhaps just offer a less expensive, but of course sliiiightly less fancy pants, coffee? I don't need to spend that much on a cup to feel important.This place is beautiful, and the staff is friendly, efficient and very knowledgable about their selection. I always stop here on my work breaks and absolutely adore their coffee. Food is a little expensive. I never have to wait too long if there is a line- but sometimes it's hard to find seating. They even have local raw honey for your coffee!Officially the Official Iced Coffee of Summer 2011.
They will serve you some very nice espresso shots here as well. (If you ask them nicely.)Perf study/chill/post-shopping spot. Their collections of teas/coffees are good and roasted fresh :DI figure it's high time I review Elixr, considering I've spent the majority of my free time here over the last week. But, I've got to tell you, I'm good friends with one of the boys that helped open Elixr. 
That being said, I know how passionate these guys are about coffee. I've witnessed the phenomenon that others have mentioned before; if they make your drink and they don't think it's perfect, they'll make it again so it is. 
I don't need to tell you about the different brews that are on tap. I don't need to tell you about the marble counter tops, the Mexican Coke, or the Marathon sandwiches. I'll just tell you that if you want a great cup of coffee, you need to go here. If not for all of those things, but the fact that they want you to have that great cup of coffee as much as you do. I'd even argue that they want it more than you.By the time the coffee is prepared its luke warm and you can't add any cream unless you basically want cold coffee. I don't recommend any of the exotic coffee either. My wife got a latte which was very good though.Yes, this place is in an alley, but the cute outside tables make it easy to spot.  
Once inside, you almost forget that the view outside consists largely of dumpsters and delivery trucks.  
The place is cozy and the dark wood makes me feel like I'm at a ski lodge on a cold winter day.  The baristas are very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.  One guy explained the hand poured coffee variations to me and I chose one that was so good, I almost forgot is was $3.75.  
Sure, the prices are more expensive than elsewhere, but hand poured coffee is worth it.  My only gripe is the view - looking at trash while trying to enjoy coffee and company is not too appealing.Stopped here for their  oolong chai latte. Would have loved to stick around, read a book and pretend I am cool enough to hang out in this coffee shop on a Saturday afternoon.Nailed it! From the baristas to the beans. Friendly, helpful staff which helped me dial exactly what I was looking for. I was in a bit of a rush, but the barista assured me that the Colombian on drip wouldn't disappoint me. After a couple of a samples, I was on my way with one of the most dynamic drip coffee's I can remember. Thanks Elixr!This is a good one. Great coffee. Looks like they roast it themselves. It's at least on their own packaging. Great service. Really helpful. The suave is large but intimate and nicely lit and furnished very well.  Lots and lots of power outlets and WiFi. And Apple Pay thank god. Because I definitely forgot my wallet. Elixr is above and beyond the norm for sure.This is definitely one of my favorite Philadelphia coffee shops. Had a pour-over and sat there for a few hours just talking with my friend. They only have one bathroom which creates a line but it is one of the coolest bathrooms out there. I'm talking about a giant sliding wooden door on a wooden box that is located right by the front door. 
Very beautiful, hip, decor. There are cut outs of stars hanging from all over the ceiling and a lot of distressing on the walls. Also, there is an abundance of seating options so it is a good place to visit for any type of coffee shop interaction.The hot chocolate was yummy and not too sweet. My husband enjoyed his Ethiopian blend. It's a popular place but we were able to to get a seat.We visited with friends from out of town.  The staff was so lovely - they gave us free samples of some of their coffees and the most delicious, creamy cortado!  We were very appreciative of the many outlets for recharging phones.  There was lots of different seating areas so our large party easily settled in.  I loved the decor with reclaimed doors and beautiful wood, but the coffee is what shines!! I had the Guatemalan and my husband had the Sulawesi.  Both were heavenly!  This is a new favorite coffee shop for us - whenever we trek to the city, we'll be sure to stop in!