Just went there tonight with my wife for a nice dinner. The food was incredible! I had the NY STRIP and she had the lamb, and both were absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. The service was also great, the waiter messed up a tiny bit our order so he got us 2 free dessert :) super nice! And if you have room for dessert, don't even think twice and order the fried oreos!the duck and the steak were a little tough.  The cheese plate and lobster appetizer was wonderful as well as the dessert!Yum, yum yummmmmmmmmmm. My man candy and I went to entree for restaurant week and both have a lovely evening.
For appe-tits (hehe) we got the balsamic calamari which was fresh and tart and fantastic. Came with a bunch of different sriracha sauces too which of course complemented the calamari perfectly. We also got the prosciutto wrapped dates stuffed with gorgonzola. Really rich and meaty in texture, and tasted amazing when you dipped it in their balsamic dipping sauce that came with the bread (oh yea, they give free bread and olive oil :) I found this to be a little on the rich side on it's own, but dip it in the sweet balsamic and it really changes things.
For dinner, I had the duck with a sun dried tomato and cherry sauce which came with purple potatoes and mushrooms. Mmm mmm, mmmm under the sun, I was a happy camper. The duck was crispy, tender, and perfectly cool while the sauce really complimented it perfectly. The potatoes were tender and soaked up the sauce really nicely.
Handsome pants had the chicken which is apparently the signature dish at entree. I don't know what it was spiced it but it had a morroccan flavor to it. Came with delicious mashed potatoes too. 
For dessert we got the white chocolate creme brulee and the limencello cake. The limencello cake was lemon cake with cheese cake layering and the creme brulee was just delicious. Both were really great, but seriously could use a cup of coffee. Veryyyy decadent desserts after a heavy meal. 
Our waitress was also really great! She recognized our needs and put up with our indecisiveness, but was not over bearing. Our table unfortunately was right in front of the door so we were a bit cold, but that did not affect my dining experience.
Definitely would go here again!We stumbled upon Entree BYOB by accident when the BYOB we had planned to go to was closed due to a family emergency. Lucky for us, they were able to accommodate our party of 4 at 8pm with no reservation--on a Saturday night no less! 
We absolutely couldn't have asked for a better experience--we were there to celebrate our good friends' recent engagement and the menu had plenty of options to get us each excited.
We opted for the $40 tasting menu which turned out to be a fabulous deal (especially since we had our own wine!). To start, we sampled each of the starters: The Wedge Salad (with a gorgonzola dressing and crispy bacon), The Arugula Salad (with grapefruit, peaches, and nuts), and the Fried Calamari. Both of the salads were tasty and were dressed perfectly. My husband had the calamari and said it was the absolute best he has had in Philadelphia. Considering he rarely exaggerates, I would call that a Wow dish!
For our entrees we enjoyed the Duck Breast, NY Strip with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus, and the happy couple both had the Halibut. My steak was prepared perfectly, albeit a bit fatty for my taste but still quite delicious. The mashed potatoes and asparagus were perfectly seasoned and prepared. Yum!
Husband had the duck and said it was great! The real show stopper though was the Halibut. Although I am not a seafood eater personally, I was almost tempted to try it just because they raved so highly about it (although I am not sure they would have wanted to share! haha!) On our walk back home I think they brought it up twice--they really were impressed!
Finally, dessert. It was a nice touch that dessert was included as part of the tasting menu. Hubby and I had the fried oreos and our friends shared the nutella cannoli and limencello cake. The oreos were pretty good (I think I don't want to have liked them as much as I did) and the nutella cannolli was described as "good but rich!" Overall an A+ experience and we would absolutely return to enjoy their seasonal menu on another occasion. Highly recommend!Had a wonderful dinner last Entree last night.  Great new BYOB to the Philadelphia area.   Service was outstanding and the staff made ever effort to make the evening wonderful.
We had the duck spring rolls, strip steak (one of the best steaks I've had in a while), and the chicken dish.  Loved that several dishes on the menu had goat cheese - my favorite cheese.   Get the duck confit spring rolls!  Dessert was also great too.  Lastly chef was accommodating and switched out a side dish that came with our steak.
Very affordable for city dining.   Can't wait to go back!Went there last night after reading all the excellent reviews.  The food was delicious (had the calamari and duck breast).  However, the small space did pose a problem- we had a reservation but ended up waiting 15+ minutes to sit because another table was late for their reservation.  The wait staff were friendly about it but it did put a bit of a damper on the beginning of our meal.  However, a good neighborhood byo if its not too crowded.I had the pleasure of eating at Entrée BYOB Saturday 6/11/2016. 
It was simply amazing!
From my appetizer the wedge salad to my meal of NY Strip Steak w/ Asparagus and Mashed potatoes topped off with crème brûlée as my desert. It was seasoned to perfection. 
Now, while great food is expected at any restaurant worth their salt. What took the experience over the top was the attentive and friendly staff. Everyone was anxious to serve and nothing was "too much" for them. 
To the chef/owner Kevin, I cannot wait to bring my wife back to experience this previously unknown gem.
To the staff that was so gracious and caring, continue to put the customers first, continuing enjoying what you do and each other because the camaraderie amongst you is what makes this establishment unique. 
Sean "DJ Shizz" LeeGreat food good service. They don't do anything to crazy but they do the simple things very well. Just moved into the neighborhood and will return soon.This place is small but wonderful! It was a great little find on south street that served delicious food. Our group of 10 had a great time and we would definitely come back again!My wife and I went there for restaurant week and had a great meal with outstanding service.  We arrived on time for our reservation and were promptly seated.  Our server Kim explained the restaurant week menu to us and we ordered different meals.  My wife had the arugula salad, the scallops entree, and a dessert with lady fingers, espresso and vanilla ice cream.  I had the shrimp with habanero and sweet sauce, the Bronzino and the Creme Brûlée.  The meal was one of the best we have had in recent years and we eat out all of the time.  The only thing better than the food was the outstanding service by our server Kim and the team at entree.  Kim could not have been nicer.  Her service was courteous, efficient and unobtrusive.  Great spot with a hip young vibe that us older folks really enjoyed, this is now high up on our list and we will now come here often.I came for restaurant week with two friends, and everything we had was absolutely delicious! My favorites were the calamari, the steak, and the fried Oreos. If you haven't tried a fried Oreo, drop everything and go get one. Oh my warm, chocolatey goodness! I'd definitely recommend making a reservation. We had a reservation for 9, and they were running a little behind, but we're very apologetic. The atmosphere was cozy (read: small) and welcoming, but the tables were a little too close together. Overall, the food was amazing, the service was great, and who doesn't love a good BYOB?Alana, our server was extremely accommodating and made sure we were very comfortable. 
The food was excellent for the price and i will definitely be returning!My wife and I were recently in Philadelphia and ended up having dinner here. The entire meal was beyond spectacular. We started with the Fried Calamari appetizer. The calamari was perfectly fried; there was no rubber band texture here. For my entree, I had Frutti di mare. The seafood portion was generous and prepared exactly as expected, but the broth was the star of the show. There was such an incredible depth of flavor to the broth, it's hard to explain in words. It was, without a doubt, the most flavorful seafood broth I have ever had. I regularly order Zuppa di Pesce (or Ciopinno) in restaurants, but this was on a completely different level. I finished with the fried Oreo dessert. If you have ever eaten fried Oreos at a fair, imagine the burnt oil taste and overwhelming amount of grease being removed, leaving you with just the creamy, chocolate-y goodness of an Oreo. All in all, the experience was exceptional. I can't wait to be in Philly again so we can go back.Went last week. Got the calamari app and the dish with mussels and clams in a red sauce with risotto. Seriously the calamari was the BEST I have ever had. Plus its BYO.  Recommend highly.Visited this place for Restaurant Week since it was close by and reviews were good. The location is small and dimly lit by candles with a cozy atmosphere. I don't know if it was because I was starving by dinner time, but I found their started bread with vinegar and oil to be delicious. The bread was a bit herby and the oils were a bit sweet; they went great together. And I almost ate two loaves since the bread was so good and I was so hungry.
Now on to the ordered food. I had the dragon shrimp appetizer that was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy with a slight crust on the outside. For the main course, I had the pork tenderloin. The meat was very flavorful and juicy. It paired well with the sauce and the roasted potatoes (though I found them a bit over seasoned). The serving size was also very large so I was getting full after my second course. I also tried a bit of my friend's chicken dish and the meat was not dry at all and the vegetables and mashed potatoes also tasted great. I finished off with the nutella cannoli that had an interesting blend of chocolate and fruits. My only complaint was that I didn't know how to pick it up and eat it. My experience here was great and I highly recommend everyone to try it out during Restaurant Week!This is where I wish I could give a half star. Torn between 3 and 4 stars.
Was here on a Saturday night with a group of 12. Called pretty last minute to increase from 10 to 12 and the restaurant was accommodating of this. Entree is tiny and very cozy.  We had one long table at the end of the restaurant close to the kitchen. We were very comfortable and not bothered so I cannot comment on the fact that tables were pushed up close together as other reviewers mentioned. If that is an issue, maybe they should reconsider going to small BYOBs.  I also see comments about bad name choice for the restaurant. I don't get it at all. What difference does a name make if the food is good?
And the food was good. Nothing amazing or particularly memorable, just good. I would describe it as "comfort" perhaps, lots of meat options. Desserts all sounded pretty Italian, so maybe it was mediterranean? Menu wasn't too big and included two pre-set options for $40 and $50. The preset menu had pretty much same dishes as the regular menu. Our group did mostly presets, which came with an appetizer, entree and a dessert. 
From appetizer menu I had the prosciutto wrapped dates that were stuffed with gorgonzola. The description sounded better than the actual dish. I could not taste anything but the date. They were seared and warm which made them overly sweet, sweeter than they typically are. If I didn't read that they were stuffed with gorgonzola, I would have not known it was in there. In fact I barely knew there was prosciutto, you could not taste anything but the date. 
My husband had the calamari appetizer and I had a taste. It was good, nice crunch and acidity from the balsamic vinegar reduction but nothing spectacular. It very much reminded me of a calamari dish I had at another restaurant in the city. 
For my entree I had the scallop dish from the regular menu. The scallops were succulent and delicious, cooked very well throughout. I do prefer more of a caramelization on my scallop that these were lacking. It was served with a sweet potato and corn hash which was unbelievably tasty. I want to say it was my favorite thing that whole evening. It was sweet and citrusy. It was disappointing to only have three scallops. I think for $29 there should have been at least four.
My husband had a steak with lobster. I tried the steak and although it was perfectly seasoned, the meat itself lacked in flavor. My husband very much enjoyed it. 
I also tried a piece of duck breast that was ordered by a friend. It was very soft and delicious. The sun-dried cherry-port demi was yummy.
The fried oreos from the dessert menu were good as only oreos deep fried in funnel cake batter could be. Yummy but not very creative. 
I also tried the nutella cannoli. I don't prefer cannolis very much and didn't expect this one to be any different. I did not taste nutella in the filling whatsoever.
Another friend got the creme brulee and it was perfect. Very light and just the right consistency. 
Overall, the food was good but it lacked certain creativity. It was simple and some dishes were better executed than others.Just got back from dinner here and I had to write this review while the experience was still fresh on my mind. I have to say the service was excellent...thanks to Kim! The food was delicious. The calamari was amazing (it came with a black ink aioli and siracha aioli and it was fried and dipped in balsamic) I got the scallops for my entree and my boyfriend got the duck. We were both VERY satisfied with our meals. To finish it off we got the fried Oreos for dessert .....ummmm the best thing ever. We will definitely be back!Our server could've threw my wine in my face and I'd still give this place a five star review because of how spectacular the food is. Luckily, our server was awesome. Went to Entree on a Friday night with a party of 8. Everything from apps to dessert were perfection. I tasted the scallops, muscles, crab cakes, shrimp, and steak - each bite better than the last. #neverchangeThis place is amazing! There is good food and excellent service. We were here during a restaurant week so the menu was prefixed. The appetizer I had was the calamari and it was amazing. It was very tasty and one of the best calamaris I had in philly. It was very tasty not to chewy and the crunch was just right. For my entree I had the braised duck and it was the best duck I had in a while. It was very tasty and super moist. It was not oily which can completely ruin a duck. The deserts were the best in philly. I had a lemon cake that was very tasty. I tried the deep fried Oreos which were incredible and very sugary (perhaps to much).What a great hidden gem on South Street! My girlfriend and I were looking for a spot to get dessert and coffee after dinner and we walked here after following a yelp review. Order the fried Oreos; they are amazing! These Oreos are best accompanied by a glass of dry dark red wine or espresso/cappuccino, which entree has as well. 
~cheers~It held tru about special of the day!
Everyone in my group of six had a great main course, attractive and delish. 
My special a fried veal cutlet topped with a lobster tail was a disappointment .
Veal was soggy as if reheated, the lobster tail was tiny and overlooked.
Desert was a nice sweet conclusion of carmel creme brûlée.
Waitstaff was upbeat, attentive and polite.
Everyone but me enjoyed their food. 
I would try it again.I truly love to dine, and have traveled from Hawaii (our home) to chase great meals.  This is a must visit.  From the onset Kimberly (our waitress) was a pleasure, and the meal for the money was as good as you can get anywhere.  Give it a shot.  You will be pleased!  Aloha.....It had been a while since I'd been back to Entree, but I went with a few friends on Saturday night. Again, it was excellent. We had to make an early reservation (5:30pm) because they were fully booked throughout the night, but it was still cool to go earlier. 
We got there on time and were immediately greeted by our waiter, Rob...he was great. He opened our bottle of wine and started us off with the fried calamari. I've ordered that every time I've been here, because I love that it's tossed with peppadews. For my entree, I went with the N.Y. Strip. It was cooked perfectly (mid-rare) and it was incredible. The asparagus and mashed potatoes really rounded it out as a great dish. I normally don't get dessert, but I wanted to try the fried Oreos because it's something I've never had before. They were surprisingly good! Lastly, I topped everything off with an espresso.
The early reservation actually worked out nicely because we beat the dinner rush, and the place was starting to fill up just as we were leaving. Everybody was really satisfied, and we had a great time!Amazing from the service to the food. I came here yesterday evening with my boyfriend for restaurant week and to celebrate his birthday. Our waiter was wonderful, so attentive and nice. I started with the cheese plate, the tuna for my main entrée and the crème brûlée for dessert. My boyfriend had the dragon shrimp tempura, scallops and fried Oreos. They even put a candle in my boyfriends dessert and sing to him. Our water glasses never went empty. They were constantly refilled which I really appreciated.
Everything was delicious. Will absolutely return! 
Thank you for such a wonderful dining experience!!Amazing! Most delicious menu....from the apps to dessert (fried Oreos and ice cream!) Super friendly service. Have been here three times and each time was awesome. Not a bad entree on the menu. Would highly recommend!We came here for Father's Day and it was awesome! Small restaurant but very passionate staff.  Since it was BYOB, they happily opened our wine and brought glasses!  The menu was an excellent variety!  Since this review is a bit delayed I can't remember exactly what we had, but our party of 6 had no complaints and everyone enjoyed al the dishes.  Everything was flavored well and not overly salty or sweet.  Would definitely come back again next time we are in Philly!We had a lovely evening at Entree.  The food was excellent.  The service was very good!  
I love the price fix menu.  The kale salad and the veal were outstanding! 
The only issue is that the smell of cigarettes came into the restaurant.  The front was open.  We weren't sure where it was coming from.  
Tuesday night is trash night.  So, you might not want to sit outside because there were neighborhood garbage bags everywhere.Just finished dining at this restaurant and the food was delicious. If I could give more stars I would. The atmosphere was laid back and casual but the food was top notch. I got the wedge salad, seared duck breast, and fried Oreos. All 3 courses were phenomenal. I will definitely be going back again and recommending this restaurant to anyone looking for a high quality meal in the area.Feb 8, 2014 We started with fried calamari, had good flavor but was overcooked and dry, Wedge was good with just enough Blue cheese dressing. The mussels and clams were very good, and the broth was great for dunking the bread in. If not for the mussels and clams, i would have given only 2 stars. I had the NY Strip steak, tender beef with good flavor, cooked med rare, perfect, BUT they forgot the caramelized red onions, with such a limited menu, I don't understand how they can forget a key important item???? The potatoes were dry with NO flavor, where was the goat cheese, I guess they forgot that too. The salmon was fresh and cooked perfectly, the duck was undercooked and the scallops were very fresh and cooked perfectly, the portion was small for the price.
The service was fair to poor, we had to ask for bread and the waiter forgot the coffee we ordered with dessert plus he never checked to inquire how the meal was. The Lemongello was excellent but the Nutella filled cannoli was AWFUL...worst cannoli I ever had.
Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant. There are too many great places in Philly to choose from. The total bill for 4 was $145.00 ;did not include tip. Another note is we ordered 2 pre-fixed meals, which included the small order of calamari and the desserts for $35.00 a person. If you ordered the Duck it was $40.00Amazing food! Very gluten friendly and knowledge wait staff! Reasonably priced tasting menu and it being a byob makes it all that more wonderful! My only critique is the dinning room is small.We had a wonderful experience at Entree on our recent trip to Philly. We stayed in the neighborhood with my family and decided to have a nice meal to celebrate my daughters first birthday. When we walked in I felt a big awkward as the place seemed more couples and ladies night out oriented but our server made us feel so comfortable and welcome that we soon were having a fabulous time. Kim was just extraordinary: warm, friendly, attentive and efficient. Exceptional service. The food was great, it was Restaurant Week so we got to try lots of different fun things. Thank you for  the great night, Entree & Kim!Went here last minute for restaurant week with the boyfriend. I thoroughly enjoyed it here and was surprised they had various options for the prix fixe dinner. Also a plus that it's byob. Service was courteous and prompt. I had the arugula salad, seared duck and creme brûlée. Everything tasted perfect. The arugula salad was refreshing and reminded me of how much I liked grapefruit. The duck was cooked perfectly and had a nice crispiness on the outside and tenderness on the inside. The creme brûlée was creamy and delicious. Bf had the calamari (crispy but not overwhelming-perfect), seared tuna (so good) and fried oreo with ice cream (also good!). We will come here again to check out their regular menu items.Great food, excellent ambiance and fantastic service from this intimate restaurant! We were a largish group (12) and could not have been better served by Kim. She made our event special and met all our needs. The food was creative and beautifully presented. As good as anything anywhere we've been!Amazing food. Amazing ambiance. Amazing Chef Kevin. I'd give it 6 stars if I could. Even though there were a good amount of patrons Maddie, our server, was amazing! I will be coming back for sure!Last night we were a party of 10 at Entree, at 7:30, and shortly after we all arrived we were seated. We ordered a large variety from the reasonably prix-fix  menu. The bread and nicely flavored olive oil balsamic dip quickly came to our table brought by our excellent server Kim. She was helpful in ordering and was very pleasant! She provided flawless service to this large often difficult group! Then we chose salads or apps. Each salad or app was unique in their preparation and declared delicious by all! We ordered a variety of items from their menu. Three of us ordered the Tuna, 2 people ordered scallops, 2 different preparations. One over squid ink pasta with mussels and clams with a puttanesca sauce and the other over a sweet potato hash. 1 person ordered the duck,1 veal and lobster, 1 steak with mashed potatoes, a swordfish with crab crust and a chicken dish. Their presentation and uniqueness in flavor and ingredient combinations made each meal a success! Dessert of the homemade pumpkin fried Oreos with a scoop of vanilla gelato was a final wow to an excellent meal! We have been to many of the so called "hot spots" in Philly, that you need reservations months in advance, with well known chefs, but this little BYOB ranks up there with the best of them! Kudos to the owner/ chef and for pleasing this large group! In all our years of dinning together, this has never happened!What a treat! We stumbled across this gem on South street, and so glad we did! My boyfriend and I started with the soft shell crab as an appetizer. It had an amazing watermelon salsa that perfectly complemented the dish. As my entree, I had the veal special, which I was told was the highlight of the week. And boy was he right! It was cooked to perfection and served over fluffy mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus with a pleasantly surprising lobster rose sauce. My boyfriend chose the other "surf-n-turf" option, a NY strip with a buttery lobster tail. The temperatures on both the dishes were absolutely perfect. We could have used butter knives to cut our dishes, they were so tender! We chose to end our perfect meal with the fried Oreos, who our amazing server Cal recommended. It was perfect! Make sure you don't miss out on this treat, served hot with a scoop of French vanilla ice cream and house made salted caramel. This place is a diamond in the rough, and an unexpected treat. We will surely be back soon! Another cool thing, the owner is the head chef and makes time to talk to every table and ensure they are having a great experience. Don't miss out on this place!To be savored, and a great value. The service, food were personal and not easily forgotten. They care about their craft.We were a group of 11 from out of town and were fortunate to find this little gem on Yelp. Kim, who helped me set up our reservation, and served our meal at the restaurant is fantastic. She went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. She even taught us little trick with attaching the cork to the wine bottle. We loved the menu that had a la carte and two price fixed options, $40 and $50. I think just about all of us went with the price fixed, which includes a starter, entree and dessert. We were not disappointed with one item out of our large group. The chef/owner was very friendly and he and his kitchen staff did a wonderful job with every plate.  Also, bring your own great bottles of wine and corkage is free. We will definitely be back next time in Philadelphia.Solid byob. More of a 3.75 for me but did not sample many dishes. Good service. We enjoyed the cheese plate, duck, brussels sprouts with bacon, and lemon cake. The flavors were on the sweeter side in some dishes (eg the sprouts and sauce in the duck dish) which may not work for everyone. A bit on the cramped and loud side when there are large groups, just fyi.If you want 5-star food at a reasonable price, check out Entree!! The menu was diverse and i wanted to try everything. My favorite thing about the menu is that you can do a prix fix-type pairing to try an app, entree and dessert for a great price (including their best dishes!). My husband started with calamari- wow!!! Unique and tasty preparation. I had a light salad that was delish. I had one of the seafood specials and it was so good everyone at the table had to try it. Then for dessert my husband had fried oreos and i did creme brulee. Everything we had was exceptional. And to top it off, you can bring your own wine so we splurged on a nice bottle to pair with the food. Highly recommend this friendly gem!The food was wonderful, the service was terrible. 
When walking in, the first waiter pointed to our table and immediately started talking to the couple behind us. He didn't bother seating us. It took us about 10 minutes to get water, 20 minutes for them to finally open our wine, and they never bothered to ask to chill our white, even though there were plenty of other tables getting the full treatment. We finally got bread when we ordered after being there for 40 minutes, and after that service was status quo. 
The food was great, not terribly unique, but there are plenty of other restaurants in the city where I actually feel like they want me there so I see no reason to come back here.I dined here last Saturday. My party was late getting to the place and we were slow to order our food too. However, our server was brilliant and always engaging. 
Everything we ordered was well prepared and divine. My monk fish was cooked perfectly, the seared tuna was like eating butter, and the fried calamari was the best I had, maybe ever!
Deserts didn't disappoint. I highly recommend the Limoncello cake. It was lovely. This place is a must go to-go to often.I wanted this place to be 5 stars, and will give it another chance -- maybe it will be. 
First, the food: Its very good. Its not as "interesting" as you'll find in a trendy center city restaurant; instead its good, traditional, solid neighborhood fare. And given the quality, its a great deal for the price. For a $40 prix-fix (optional), you get an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert, all large portions and delicious. If everything was as good as the food I'd give the place 5 stars. 
The service was a bit.. confused. They brought my dessert before my wife had finished her entree, and then tried rushing her through. When refilling my water, they rested the pitcher on my tuna!  They brought us the wrong check. Etc. But everyone was friendly.  Nothing terrible, so I have high hopes that it will be better next time I go.I've taken a while to think about the dinner experience I had here before writing a review. I live right around the corner from Entree, and am very excited to have a new BYO in the area that serves good food, so I didn't want to jump to writing a scathing review until my emotions had settled a little. And now that that's happened, here it goes [warning: this will be very long]:
I went to dinner at Entree on a Saturday night at the end of October. My friends and I (only a group of 3) made a reservation a week in advance for 7:30 and were excited to try the place out. We arrived about 5 minutes early to find the place pretty busy, but at least three 4-tops were free. We waited for way too long for someone to approach us (super awkward as there is NOWHERE to stand to wait, which I hated. It was quite cold outside and we stood literally next to a group of diners while waiting to be greeted. Really uncomfortable).
We were told that a large party was coming in soon, and the empty tables we reserved for them. Our table would be free shortly. The women who spoke to us wasn't friendly and actually quite curt, which I didn't understand. We proceeded to stand (stand!) for another 15 minutes, again awkwardly cramping people trying to enjoy their meals. I surveyed the room and could tell no groups were even served their checks yet. Keep in mind, we're now 15 minutes after our reservation, 30% of the restaurant is empty but waiting for a large group, and nobody has spoken to us since telling us it'd be a few minutes. No offer to open our wine, or show us the menu, or apologize. Nothing.
Then someone told us we could sit at a table, that wasn't ours, until our table freed up. Again, no offer to provide us with anything - menu, opening our wine, glasses of water...nothing.
Finally, 30 minutes after our reservation time we were seated. Again, no apology. I was boggled at how terrible the service had been up to that point. We were seated in a back table that kept getting knocked by the side door (not a bathroom door, some storage room or something). The waitress who had greeted us continued to be beyond rude, taking 15 minutes (more!) to give us menus and when we asked about the drink mixes that we read about on Yelp looked angry and confused and said in a huff, "not sure what you're talking about. we've had some changes since we opened and our website hasn't been updated."
Over an hour after our initial reservation we were finally asked what we'd like to order. The waiter who took our order was friendly and attentive, though still no apologies. Nobody opening our wine bottle, nobody bringing water, nothing. Reallllllly frustrating and confusing.
Around 8:30 (when we placed our order) the famous "large party" arrived. It ended up being nearly 30 people in a tiny restaurant with other diners, who were loud and clearly there for a birthday of some sort. Nothing wrong with that, but this wasn't the place for it. There were so many of them that it should've been an entire rented out place. The servers had to bring out outdoor chairs, folding chairs, etc. to accommodate them. And guess what?? They seemed to fantastic service! Really sad that the decision by the staff was to treat single groups like absolute crud and treat a huge party like rockstars.
Here's the thing - once the food finally arrived, it was DELICIOUS. Really, really, really, really good. I got a light fish (forgot, sorry) with this fantastically amazing creamed corn side and my friends shared the steak entree and I believe a chop of some kind. All three dishes were superb. We weren't offered dessert (see this trend of horrendous service??) and were pretty rushed out, which was ironic given that nobody else was waiting to be seated and we'd been so slowly given food and a meal. Food alone forbids me from giving a 1 star rating.
I want to go back and give it another try. I hope to have an updated review soon that's 4 or 5 stars, to outweigh this one. For what it's worth, I'd say more like a 2.25 star place. Food was a 5 (though I wanted dessert!) and service was a whopping 0. Everything else (ambience, etc.) was probably a 3.5.
I want to think this was a veryyyy off night for Entree, and the food was so good I very well may return. But it's not the cheapest BYO (most entrees are $22-$30) and it's not the prettiest (minimal decor, not the best tables/chairs/etc., cramped beyond belief). And while I understand restaurants having growing pains, at least say sorry! I wasn't even looking for food to be comped or discounted, I just wanted someone to realize and acknowledge how horrific our service and treatment had been. Oh, did I mention it was my birthday dinner?I enjoyed the dinner for Restaurant week here so much and I can't wait to come back to try more of the menu. It's BYOB so don't forget to bring your favorite wine. 
Amazing menu, service was 5-star and the setting was comfortable. The walls are covered with chalk artwork done by the Chef's sister.  I can't think of anything that I would improve here so that's why it get's 5 stars. 
What I ate and loved: 
Seared Tuna 
Calamari starter 
Nutella Cannoli 
Fried Oreos
oh and in case you didn't know... EVERYTHING is made in-house... including the ice cream for dessert''This place was great! Glad we made a reservation because it was packed on a Saturday night. My favorite was the calamari with a balsamic glaze. Perfect with the Chardonnay we brought with us.Excellent food! We went for restaurant week and the food was overall wonderful. The only downfall is that we sat outside and I had a lot of bugs flying around and into my food, but I guess that's expected when your table is on the sidewalk. I would definitely return!Absolutely delicious, top 5 meals I've ever eaten.  Truly a must if your in Philadelphia. The lobster tail was out of this world. As well as the monkfish and duck. Better than sex is an understatement.Very enjoyable. Nice small space. Great service. Taste (and presentation) are wonderful. Surf and turf was a perfect mix with the potatoes, asparagus, and glaze.After reading the rave reviews I made a reservation for Saturday night for me and my wife.  I had already reviewed the menu beforehand and was eager to try a variety of offerings.  Upon arrival at the restaurant one of the specials was Duck and Waffles.  Although I had gone in wanting to order something off of their regular menu, I was smitten by the thought of duck and waffles...unfortunately, it left much to be desired.
First, one of our appetizers was the calamari, which was highly recommended by our server.  The calamari was overly fried to the point several pieces were unrecognizable as calamari.  Second, the idea of tossing fried calamari in a "balsamic glaze" was not a very good idea...it was too strong of a flavor that really overpowered the entire dish.
Now on to the Duck and Waffles.  My first gasp came when I saw an employee of the restaurant emerge from the basement with a box of FROZEN belgian waffles!!  I am sorry, if you are a high-end restaurant in Philadelphia offering such a dish at such a price, frozen waffles should never be an option.  If anything, a homemade waffle should be made to order considering the amount of time it takes to make same.  Despite this, I held onto hope and stuck with my order.  
Due to its original frozen state, the waffle was spongy and not very enjoyable as it lacked the airy and malty characteristics you would expect from a homemade belgian waffle.  Second, the dish was overly sweet to the point it was hard to eat.  A stack chocolate chip pancakes with whip cream on top from any diner would have been less sweet than this dish.
I still give it three stars because my wife enjoyed her dinner, the steak, and her dessert, the fried oreos.Awesome BYOB! Great change of pace American byo from your standard Italian. Got the cheese plate and NY Strip. Was one of the better steaks I've had in a while. Will def be going back!I loved the food, and our server was great. Fried calamari was delicious and seared tuna was cooked to perfection. Unfortunately, there was a huge party that took up half the restaurant and was so incredibly loud we could barely hear one another.This review is a little overdue. My roommate, her boyfriend and I had the pleasure of returning to Entree for restaurant week! She and I had the salmon and he had the tuna. Delicious all around! It was a great night there, busy but not to the point it was off-putting. The desserts were amazing as well...my favorite was the limoncello cake--so light and fluffy mmmmmmm. This restaurant is a must and we can't wait to return, its also a great place to see in Philly if you're visiting from somewhere else.Absolutely loved this place! We came here for restaurant week with a group of 8 ppl. It's a very small place, but the food was amazing and staff very accommodating. The portions were rather small, but the food was well worth the price! Would definitely recommend to anyone and will be returning in the near future!Was not really that impressed with the food. Went here for restaurant week and got the veal. It was dry and tasted like chicken. I didn't think it was worth the price.The food here is awesome!  I know, I was shocked too.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from this tiny restaurant with the not so clever name.
To start, my friend and I shared the fried calamari with peppadew peppers and a balsamic vinaigrette. The calamari was so flavorful and crunchy and the peppers were a great compliment.  I also go the seared tuna which was perfectly cooked on a bed of creamy corn and spinach with a blackberry cider glaze.  
The only downfall- the menu is on a chalkboard and the lighting of the restaurant wasn't very good so I had trouble reading the board.  Perhaps they need a spotlight right on the board.  
The chef was super nice and came out to ask us how we were doing and the service was lovely.  I will definitely be back with all my friends!We really loved this place.  Food was incredible, service was wonderful.  Really glad we were able to come here!  It is a small restaurant so you might feel a little tight, but the food is so worth it.We came here on a Saturday night to celebrate a birthday. The reviews here weren't kidding. This place is tiny!
Unfortunately, we sat right next to the basement door and servers kept walking in and out of there half the time we were there. Every time the door opened it let in a huge draft of cold air! That was annoying. Granted we did get there at 5 PM on the dot when it just opened but prep should have been door beforehand. 
Anyway, our server was very nice and attentive. She was fantastic! For the limited amount of space that they had, the ambiance was nice.
There is a price set menu for $40 or $50 or a la carte. We decided to go with the $50 because I wanted to try the octopus pasta. I quite enjoyed it with the ink pasta. For app, I ordered the salad which was refreshing. For dessert I wanted the creme Brule but they were out! We got there when it opened!!! So I took off a star for that. I can understand towards the end of the night but at the beginning....yeah so anyway I ordered the arrogotta instead and it did not disappoint. Espresso with ice cream. Yum. I would come here again to try something else!The seafood here is absolutely exquisite! The members of our party all chose the prix fixe options ($40 or $50), which were very reasonably priced. The price of the prix fixe basically covers the a la carte price of the starter and the entree, leaving you with a (very tasty) free dessert. We started with the calamari, the kung pao style shrimp and scallops, and a couple salads. The seafood was cooked to perfection, and the seasoning was done really well. Our entrees were wonderful as well, but the big winner was a new item on their menu (or special?): scallops and clams over squid ink pasta. It was as good as it gets! For dessert, we all shared the fried oreos, limoncello cake, affogato, creme brûlée, and ice cream. Everything was really done well, but the white chocolate in the creme brûlée really made that dish stand out. The restaurant ambience is cozy and not pretentious, and our waitress was helpful, genuinely nice, and very cheery. Really great food, really great experience!just WOW. this restaurant is phenomenal. from their food to their wait staff everything was just perfect. came here last weekend for my bachlorette party dinner - all of us girls ordered the prefix menu. the choices all sounded delicious, it was hard to pick just one from each category. the portions are full size, so they do not skimp out on you. we ended up all sharing the apps and desserts so we had a nice variety to choose from. the nutella cannoli was bomb dot com. side note: the restaurant is BYOB which is not a bad thing at all. we had bottles upon bottles- we just had to order our mixers. all of my plates by the way had cute phrases on them ! they were hand written - soo cute.I have been here twice in the past 4 months.  Once with a group of 10 and also with a group of 4.  The service both times was great and everyone was really pleased with their food. 
- Duck Confit appetizer - could have been a little crisper and had a little less sauce
- Porcini Ravioli in Marsala wine sauce- incredible!! 
- Duck Breast Entrée - very good!! One star removed because they did overcook one entrée, but were more than happy to make another one.  It was just a shame because we had to eat without our pal having any food in front of her.  
We also  had fried oreo appetizers for dessert which were so decadent.  Couldn't have been happier with those. 
Both times I have been here they've had great menu options and there is something for everyone.  Also have been totally accommodating when making last minute reservations.The food and the fried Oreo dessert was amazing.  Delicious seared tuna and calamari and wedge salad.  The only thing I would say they need to take care of ASAP is the noise level.  Everyone (young and old) in the restaurant was yelling so they could be heard and I could barely hear the server.  I had a headache after I left. Would definitely go back for the food at a time when it wasn't packed or if I could sit outside.I took my family out over the weekend for Mother's Day dinner and everyone really enjoyed Entree BYOB. We didn't make it too easy on them, I had changed the number of people on the reservation the day before and our party ended up showing up late anyway. The staff was very nice and friendly, and we received no ill will from them, which was just great. The food was also very good, I got the Calamari and the Rib Eye. Neither of the dishes I ordered were the best I've ever tasted, but they were close. Despite the generous portion sizes, everyone at our table cleaned their plates. The place was packed when we were there, and there was a party of 20 in a restaurant that seats 35 people total- made it a bit loud and cramped, not that bad though. Since we were a bit late to get started, we took a little longer than expected. By the time we were finishing up, we could notice people standing by the door waiting for their reservation. Despite this, our server did not rush us and try to push us out, which did not go unnoticed.Small and intimate with friendly knowledgeable and accommodating servers. They offer 2 different fix price menus-$40 or $50-both great deals. The quality of the food is high and the dishes are expertly prepared. Probably one of the best byobs in the city. 2 things are critical; make a reservation and get the monkfish.Easily, one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. 
This place is small, and as the name states, is BYOB which makes it even better. The service is great and the food was amazing... .Even if you're not a desert person, please try to fried oreos !Yummy yummy yummy. Came here for Restaurant Week and was extremely satisfied with their menu. I started with their roasted beet salad. Then I had their seared tuna with zucchini-potato hashcake (so crunchy; paired well with the smoother, or delicate texture from the fish). Finally, I ended with their flourless chocolate cake, which came with a nice raspberry compote. Funnily enough, when I asked my waitress how they were able to come up with such a dense fudgy texture, she said she didn't know. In fact, as she admitted, Entree had actually catered the dessert from another restaurant, meaning that the chefs weren't making the dessert in-house!
Overall, Entree provided an awesome experience, although I thought that the place was a little too casual for a fancier restaurant.Came here for restaurant week with friends and the food options and service was amazing, a wide variety of options and normal sized portions. Was very impressed!! Will definitely come again outside of restaurant week :)We went to Entree BYOB for restaurant week this past Thursday. I regret that we had not checked them out prior to that point. The restaurant is a thin establishment that can probably seat up to 30 or so, the area is very well laid out and the ambience was great. Once the food started arriving, our opinion only increased. Everything we had was excellently crafted and presented. We will definitely be back again.I lived down the street from Entree and had gone there for Restaurant week once and we loved the food and were pleasantly surprised by how good the food was for such a new restaurant.  Then my sister decided to plan my Bridal Shower at this restaurant.  It was the best.  We had the whole restaurant to ourselves, all the staff was extremely accommodating, the food was delish and prix fixe with dessert, a good price, and the bride felt like a queen (I was the bride so it's not hearsay).  Can you get any better than that?Entree is definitely one of my favorite BYOs in the city. It's a pretty small space, which makes the dining experience feel intimate and special. It's a really great place for a date night or even dinner with girl friends. You can definitely dress down for more casual events, but I've also gotten dressed up for a later dinner seating. Since it's a small restaurant, it can definitely get loud, but not in a bad way (I think the BYO aspect contributes to this). The Proscuitto Wrapped Dates and Calamari are 2 of my favorite appetizers. They also have a spicy shrimp app (Dragon Shrimp, I believe?) and it's absolutely delicious! I would eat this every day. For entrees, I've had the scallops and the duck, which are both very tasty. But the best dishes I've had have been the specials. One was a squid ink seafood linguini and my favorite of all time (which they usually have on the menu) is a breaded veal chop on top of mashed potatoes and asparagus with a lobster tail on the top! And the sauce that comes with it is amazing. Lastly, I can't help but get the fried oreos every single time I come here. They are decadent, but surprisingly not as heavy as you would think. Entree is constantly in my Philly BYO rotation. Highly recommend for both locals are visitors!did not understand all the reviews. If you like a very small, very loud cafe (cannot call this a restaurant)  and with an ambiance of a kitchen, and in a not-so-good part of town, maybe worthwhileThe space is tiny. While my boyfriend and I were waiting for our table, it felt like we were creeping on the other tables because there was no space to stand anywhere. Despite the slightly cramped feeling, I really enjoyed eating here. I got the fried calamari, which was delicious and a huge portion. The duck breast was great; it was juicy and tasty. The affogato was pretty good too. The portion sizes are good, and the food is delicious. The service was good; our server was really helpful, and we ended up staying for over 3 hours. I would recommend this place for a date but not for larger groups, as there isn't much space.Wow. What an excellent addition to the neighborhood. I went for dinner on Sunday night with my husband and mom and we were all impressed. 
We started with the wedge salad and calamari. Wedge salad was excellent. I thought the candied walnuts were a nice touch. I could have used a little more prosciutto, but that's because I don't believe in too my bacon :) The calamari was delicious but I was disappointed there want a sauce for dipping. 
But, the entrees. WOW. My mom had the flounder on a bed of creamed corn and spinach. The flounder was perfectly cooked and the mix of creamed spinach and corn was out of this world. Melt in your mouth, cannot get enough good. My husband had the strip steak with a Gorgonzola butter and asparagus. The steak was decadent. I had duck, cooked to perfection with a creamy butternut squash risotto. 
All of this deliciousness for $100 along with a great bottle of wine we brought- this is what Philly is all about. Can't get much better than this. It will definitely be on my list of favorites!PROS: Solid food, decent portions
CONS: Small space
I wasn't blown away by any of the dishes, but everything was pretty good, including the fried calamari appetizer (perfectly crispy though a tad salty) and the limoncello cake --- which tasted a whole lot like limoncello (a good thing) and was quite fluffy and moist. 
One of the members of our party sent back a steak because it was well-done and under-seasoned instead of medium as he had ordered. The staff was very polite and promptly replaced his unappealing steak with the version he had expected. 
Overall, our experience was pleasant. Worthy of visiting if you are in the area.I really like this place a lot.  Little pricey, but the food makes up for that. 
I highly recommend this place!My wife & I stopped in for dinner before a show, had the Calamari app, perfectly done and loved the Squid ink aioli. Scallop entree perfectly seared, crispy outside and succulent. Duck breast very tender without a hint of the greasiness you can normally expect with duck. Bonus here, I'm a cherry fan, sun dried cherries? On my duck ? Oh yeah !!
  My wife's lactose problem often makes dessert an issue, so I got a White Chocolate creme Brule rushed out while she used the restroom, got caught, worth it.
  Server (George) was spot on with timing and handled my wife's lactose issue graciously .
   Chef Kevin (no pretentiousness here) came out to check on us, nice touch. I asked about the term "Dayboat Scallops ", he schooled me and made his passion for food quite obvious. We brought a favorite Spanish wine, shared with him. He shared an amazing home made Limoncello with us.
  Wife loved the chandelier fixture, it's now on my Honeydew list, Yeah, thanks for that, jajaja 
  Definitely will go back, again and again.Great meal from beginning to end.  My fiance and I ordered 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts. All of it was great. This is likely the best restaurant in the G Ho area. I'll be back! The staff was very friendly as well.This place was absolutely amazing. The food was so delicious I would go back in heartbeat. 
We ordered the roast duck - cooked perfectly, and veal topped w lobster! Large plates that are very tasty. Could not put my fork down. 
Wait staff was so kind and helpful in choosing with us what to pick. We got to dine outside which was what we preferred however it did seem a little bit too loud inside when we peaked in so just be ware.. otherwise would absolutely recommend and go again myself.We just had our anniversary dinner there and loved it.  Each person who talked to us wished us a happy anniversary.   Even the owner/chef came out to wish us well.  The service was top notch. The food was out of this world good. I had the seafood fra diavlo, and the misses of 34 years had the lobster tail and veal cutlet.  With appetizers, we had to box some of the entrees to take home.  So much food.  We will defiantly be back. We love this place.Great contemporary american food at a great price! The place is tiny, but we managed to reserve a table for about 14 of us. Service was great and we had a wonderful time.My friend and fellow Yelper raved about this place, so we came here as a double date and true steak-lovers. Perhaps if my expectations were lower for this place, I would've liked it much more...regardless, the review is as follows:
FOOD
We ordered 4 ribeye steak - one for each person. Absolutely no diversity, but I loved it. That's who we are, and we're proud of it! The ribeye itself was a little bit disappointing. I felt the sauce that came with it was too overwhelming and strong. And as a big fan of rare steak (perhaps it was my fault for ordering rare on a ribeye), I didn't particularly like that my steak was more of a medium than rare. Although the portion of steak was huge, I felt like a good chunk of it was fat. 
AMBIANCE
Nothing outstanding here. It's a small, cozy place with windows that open completely to the outdoors when the weather is nice - or at least that's what I believe. We came on a Wednesday night, so it was perfect in that it was fairly quiet, calm, and relaxed. I'm sure that's likely not the case during a weekend night.
SERVICE
Decent service, food came quickly but not too overwhelmingly quick. Really nothing outstanding to note besides the friendly waitress and staff in general. 
TL;DR: Honestly, I feel bad giving this cozy restaurant a 3-star, especially because this was based on one experience on a chilly Wednesday night where all four of us ordered the exact same dish. Perhaps if I have a chance to come back again, I'll have the chance to try something else new and like it more!Went here for a friends birthday and LOVED it! The service was great, our server was very enthusiastic and knew the menu very well. We took her up on all of her recommendations and cleared the plates entirely!! Definitely going there againWow what a great meal and wonderful service.  We never felt rushed but had plenty of time to enjoy our meal. Time to get to a show.  We enjoyed the prix fire meal and felt it was a really good value.  My wife had the duck and I had the scallops puttanesca.  Dessert included a Nutella filled  canolli and fried pumpkin Oreo cookies with vanilla ice cream.My husband and I ate at Entree on 6/3/16.  The food was good, but I bit into an olive pit in my entree that should not have been there.  When I pointed this out to our server (who was ridiculously loud throughout the entire meal), he did nothing but explain that it was an olive pit.  I easily could have broken a tooth on it, but that seemed to be of no concern.  I will not go back.We've been wanting to try this cozy byob and certainly were not disappointed. Although the lobster tempura was more deep fried then tempura it was sweet and moist and the fruit salsa it sat on was fresh and a perfect balance. Scallops and tuna were wonderful and if you enjoy Oreos then you can't go wrong with one dipped in funnel cake batter and deep fried served ala mode. Our waiter Matt was very informative about preparation and ingredients of the dishes and was extremely attentive! Our water was refilled countless times! Cheers to another great byob to enjoy our cellar collections!Hubby and I tried this place last night for our 17th Anniversary. We loved it!!! We ordered from the Prix Fix menu. I started with the arugula salad topped with white grapefruit that balanced the earthiness of the yellow beets just perfectly. Next up was the dayboat scallops which were cooked to perfection. Rounded off the meal was a lenoncello marscapone cake with a berry compote. I cleared all three plates. Hubby started with the calamari, of course I had to try it and it was amazing. His second course was the veal special topped with lobster tail. It was a very generous portion and he loved it. He ended his meal with the salted Carmel creme brûlée that melted in your mouth and had us both wanting more. At the end of the meal Chef came out and greeted us. He asked how meal was and even made a funny compliment on the dress I was wearing and had everyone laughing.Came here with my mom awhile ago and had a nice girls' night. She is a bit of a picky eater, so I was concerned that this would push her out of her comfort zone. It did a little, but she loved the calamari and the duck. Made it back a few nights ago with my husband and again we really enjoyed the calamari. I had the scallops which were excellent, though the hash was good, but not great (maybe a little acid needed, I can't quite put my finger on it). My husband had a hangar steak, which had this tangy Gorgonzola sauce. Ended with fried Oreos. A great date spot.Cozy ambiance. small but nicely varied menu. Fried calamari was sweet and different but enjoyable. My friend had the NY strip which had a very nice pepper sauce, juicy, and was easily cut with a butter knife. i had the chicken and portabella mushroom. i feel like a side of mashed potatoes would have helped to balance out the heavy but very tasty goat cheese and sauce. Overall Food was 4 stars and appropriately priced. Negative waiter was 2 stars. Was unfamiliar with the menu, terrible at taking the order and didn't know how to pour the wine. Would go back!Been here twice and loved it both times.  Great environment, delicious food and byo.  We will be back.We had a party of eight for Restuarant week. Our server Kim was so friendly and helpful. The food was fantastic, served up freshly cooked and very tasty. The owner came out to see if everything was ok!  Would highly recommend. Will go again.So it's Friday night the 12th which is NOT Valentine's Day yet and there is a pre set menu of, get this, $70 PER person. Seriously? 
This is one of those hyped up, overrated, hipster hole in the walls that forever seem to daze the living daylights out of non-imaginative white people. Have a location that only seats 10 people at a time? Check. Ugly brick wall, exposed piping and quirky accouterments (e.g. pots and pans adorning the light fixture?)? Check. Nothing under $50 on the menu? Check. Don't worry, it's apparently "worth" it. 
At this price point, I expect golden goblets, free champagne and waiters in tuxes. I was seated with my back against the front glass window and freezing. Please, people. Save your money or spend it at some 5-star hotel room service.I am from Boston,  visiting my sister in Philadephia, and just had the one of the best meals I've ever had at Entree.  I had the scallops with butternut squash hash - it was outstanding and didn't want it to end.We hosted my son's rehearsal dinner at Entree recently and everyone was totally delighted with the food, service and overall hospitality.  Because it is a smaller restaurant, we were able to reserve the entire place for our group, set up a bar and enjoy the evening.  I am from Chicago and would rank this place as one of my best dining experiences.  Many in our group were native Philadelphians and I know they will return.Food and service were amazing! Our waitress was great about giving us tips on different menu items, and was very confident in her suggestions (which I find preferable to listing off a bunch of things just short of listing the whole menu). The intimate environment allows for this type of attention and service.
Calamari appetizer was incredible, and duck breast is one of the chef's specialties. I thought the menu was great overall in that dishes are more intricate than what I would/could make at home, but not too complicated or overdone.
I would definitely come back and recommend to all! And it's BYOB which is a plus!First, they really need to change their name. Who names a restaurant entree? So - I really really wanted to love this place. For a Thursday night when there are waits everywhere- this place only had 3 active tables on south street. 
The service was great - but the 40 or 50 fix price menu was meh. 
1) excellent arugula salad
2) calamari was a bit dry
3) the waitress raved about the fish but it was dry with a weird baby can corn side
4) steak was cooked a true medium
5) baby corn squash side is a much pass
6) dessert was a huge disappointment. The limoncello cake was dry and my friend said she saw the pre-made mixture come in a box vs from scratch. I wish I tried the Nutella cannoli. 
So the service is wonderful and it's Byob and NOT cash only, but there truly are much better places. It wouldn't be my first choice when on south street but it's not your worst option.Since the day this restaurant opened I have been meaning to dine here and I finally decided to! 
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we both left talking about how good the food was! 
It's a BYOB and no cork fee so that is a huge plus! We started with the cheese plate, shrimp and calamari. I am still drooling thinking about the calamari and cheese board!
The cheese board had really nice size portions of three cheeses and the paired spread were Delish! The calamari was really good too. The perfect crunch/chew consistency packed full of flavor with a little kick to it! Also the portions are the perfect shareable size and a great price as well. I had the duck breast entree and i was very happy that the dish came out well. Sometimes duck can be a bjt gamey. The desserts were tasteful as well! I highly recommend the fried Oreos! 
Additional comments:
- our server (the only one working) was so friendly and really gave his personal opinion for each dish he pointed out which I really liked! 
- the chef came out and asked us how we enjoyed our dinner which I LOVED! I feel like that doesn't happen anymore AND he brought us a shot of this concoction that he was making *how sweet*
- the bathroom was SO clean! When I opened the door I was surprised at how nice it smelled and how clean it looked. I also trust my gut and when a restaurant doesn't have a clean bathroom then who knows what the kitchen looks like; I typically won't eat at those places! 
I would return and dine here again! I think this can be the perfect place for a group of friends and all splits apps and a few bottles of wine!This place is INCREDIBLE.  What fantastic food, service, everything.  And to top it off, a BYO!  Our server Jackie was AWESOME, and was such a pleasure.  We will be putting this on our rotation!It's a great BYOB place, albeit a bit pricey. The quality of the dishes vary - sometimes too salty for my taste. The desserts are not very impressive.Damn, I missed the first review!!! Oh well, maybe next time.
Anyways, my girlfriend and I heard about the opening of Entree a week or two ago and we both live less than 2 blocks away so we figured we would try it.
Atmosphere was decent. Simple, open dining area with a view into the kichen and several pieces of artwork on the walls. The art didnt entirely mesh together but I am going to blame that on being opening day. Maybe they are displaying local artists?
As for the food, we got two appetizers and an entree. I know, I know, what am I, on a diet? But thats just the way things worked out. We each started off with a salad. I had a fairly standard wedge with gorgonzola dressing, prosciutto, plum tomatos, candied walnuts, and grapes. The grapes and walnuts were a nice touch but it was fairly average. My gf had the beet salad the previous poster took a picture of which she seemed to like but was not overwhelmed.
The entree, though, was what sold us. It was grilled Italian sausage over pasta in a marsala cream sauce, with mushrooms, artichokes, and sun-dried tomatoes added for good measure. I love anything marsala and this was decidedly exceptional. Pasta was cooked perfectly, and the char on the sausage was a nice contrast to the mellow flavors of the marsala and the tenderness of the pasta.
At the end of the dinner, we were talking to our waitress and apparently the soft opening was the day before and they only had half the menu so I think they did pretty well with the increase in the menu size in a single day. Plus she told me that they plan to at dessert and specials in the coming  weeks so we shall see!
Now the reason I am giving the four stars with only 1 of 3 plates wowing me is because it was the first day and the entree was that good. In addition, with a bit of time, I think they can become a staple in the burgeoning South Street West dining scene if they make the right moves.Price fixe or not, Entree BYOB caters to the many, but fails to deliver quality with their quantity.
Must get: ---
Meh: duck, dragon shrimp, beet salad, lemon cake, creme brulee
Missed out: mussels
I took my family here for a traditional American style cuisine and had no issues getting reservation via opentable despite the short notice. However, while the service of the evening was excellent (except when they forgot the food), the quality of the food was subpar at best. We got shared the dragon shrimp and the beet salad. Both dishes were bland and felt cheapened by the unnecessary glazes. The shrimp tasted particularly...raw, with the brininess that is undesirable for most seafood. The duck, in my opinion, was the worst offender with an unflattering chunk of meat that was overcooked and served over a heap of tuber plants that I can barely discern from beets or potatoes due to a lack of texture or taste to distinguish the two. Finally, the lemon cake tasted no different than what you can get over the counter, and the creme brulee was so thin that you'd be fooled in thinking that someone ate your food before you had a chance to taste it yourself.
Food: 2 stars
Service: 3 stars (4 for enthusiasm, 2 for forgetting our food)
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 3 starsDinner was incredible. We got the calamari which was fabulous, he got the steak which was incredible, I got the tuna which wasn't as good because they overlooked the tuna (asked for rare, it was medium) but the rest of my dish was delicious, and the fried Oreos for dessert. I personally think it should come with 3-4 Oreos for the price, but it is so good, I will overlook this upcharge. We will be back. And BYOB- perfection.I have been wanting to try Entree BYOB since it opened last year, and finally got the chance to last night. What a hit! Andrew was our personal chef for the evening as we were the last reservation on a Sunday night. Thanks so much to Matthew, our server for making us feel welcome as we ran very late on our reservation time, they were more than happy to stay open and serve us.
My wife went for the pre-fixe option and I went a la carte - what a great concept! Giving the customer a choice! 
She ordered and shared the Baby Arugula salad - which was perfectly dressed with grapefruit wedges. For entrees she got the Seared Tuna - I know what you're thinking - everyone has seared tuna - this by far was one of the best preparations of seared tuna I have had in Philadelphia, let alone anywhere in the country! Served over a Zucchini fritter and Eggplant ragout - fantastic!
I ordered the Angus NY Strip - med rare - Came out perfectly because they use a QUALITY cut of beef. I cant tell you how many crappy strip steaks I have had - I generally don't order them because of that reason. Andrew did not disappoint! Served with a caramelized onion over mash potatoes and a wonderful brown gravy - I'll be back especially when the fall hits.
Finished off with fried oreos  -  how can you go wrong! Thanks for the wonderful meal!Superb cooking delivered by a superb staff.  The cooking here is inspired across the board.  We sampled the fried calamari done with slightly sweet/hot peppers in a balsamic reduction, the mussels and cherrystones in a sauce I wanted to drink with a straw, the "brick" chicken, a spatch-cocked cornish hen served in a delicious sauce, and savory duck breast cooked to perfection.  Our entres were served over delicious mashed potatoes.  The only slightly off-key note was a too-crisp canoli.  This is a place worth visiting frequently.  And we will!Had very pleasant evening at Entree BYOB. I saw great reviews about this place and finally decided to give a shot. 6 of us got a big table near entrance. It was small restaurant so that was only table can accommodate big group. 
We sat promptly and ordered $50 pre fix. It was great deal. We got all different dishes. Lobster tempura, cheese plate, prosciutto wrapped date. 
I got cheese plate. They serve 5 different kind cheese I think. I liked blue cheese and fried goat cheese the most. It came with peanut brittle, pear slice, arugula and some bread. It was huge for appetizer and was great choice. 
I didn't taste other friend's dishes but everyone enjoyed theirs. 
I got seared tuna and scallop with ink pasta for main dish. The pasta sauce was eggplant and tomato based and it was delicious! And spicy!!!! Scallop was good size and perfectly cooked. I liked scallop more than tuna. Pasta had very strong garlic flavor so I couldn't taste  seared tuna very well since I started eating pasta first. But overall very satisfying dish.
For dessert, got lemon mascarpone cheese cake. Yum yum yum. And also their fried Oreo... Was very good choice as others said. 
The portion was huge and price was awesome too. Really enjoyed it. Place was small and we sat in front of entrance and people kept coming in so it got cold while dining. Except that it was fantastic restaurant.This is a small spot on South Street with a good atmosphere and great food! The service, from Matthew, was professional and well-timed. I highly recommend this for a romantic date. My wife and I were very satisfied!!It's your neighborhood BYOB with a slightly higher price tag.  But I felt like the price matches the amount of quality food you get, particularly if you're smart about how you order.
My wife and I got the $35 prix fixe (selection of appetizer, entree, and dessert from a more limited menu) and another entree.  The fried oreo dessert was outstanding (great paired with coffee).  The tuna entree was also tasty and came in a large portion.  Salmon was seared well and tasty.  Calamari for appetizer was a bit disappointing but still pretty solid.
It's not an amazing place.  The bread they serve looks like it just came from a grocery store, for instance.  But it's got good portions and isn't too expensive.Had an amazing meal here last weekend for restaurant week. Every part of our meal was delicious, especially the seared tuna and fried oreos. The staff is amazing too- so friendly! We will definitely be back.Entree is a charmer. We started off with the calamari and it was very good. I'm real picky  when it comes to calamari. It must be perfect. For my entree I ordered the duck and it was my first time ever. Entree set my standards high. Last for dessert - the fried Oreos. You can order a three course meal for $ 40 or $50 per person. It is worth it. They don't mind if you share the appetizer and dessert. It's a good deal. The other two people I was with ordered the salmon. Now I am not a fan of salmon, but it looked and tasted fantastic. Well done Entree! Well be back!What a gem :)
Great location - BYO (no cork fee - not sure why any have that to begin with) -small but not too close to your neighbors - service was phenomenal - every part of the meal was great.
From the bread to desserts - everyone at our table loved the meal.
I got the prosciutto wrapped dates & the wedge salad - both amazing!
Also - they have a $40 & $50 3 course 'tasting' menu - all the same portions as the regular menu - great deal if you want an app, entree, and dessert.  Most of the table did that - had the wedge salad, calamari, seared tuna, cornish hen, duck, fried oreos, affogatto - AMAZING!
Will definitely be back!  As an italian girl, I wish they had a pasta on the menu!Amazing all around. I called asking about a specific skate and soft shell crab dish I had a few months back that I adored and although Kevin, the chef, switched it off the menu, he specifically went out of his way, got the ingredients, and made it for me!!! It's such a beautifully done dish. All of the food there is just superb and this kind of service is not found at many other places. Well done!! Must try!!Hands down my favorite place in Philly! Not only is it BYO, but it just has great, delicious food without any distracting gimicks.  I took my parents here last weekend and they loved it just as much.  Amazing calamari, specials, and scallops!  It is on the small side, but that makes it intimate :)Entree was a great time. I went here for restaurant week and had the wedge salad, ny strip and the white chocolate creme brulee. The wedge salad was fantastic, crispy lettuce and tasty dressing. The steak was cook to a prefect medium and the creme brulee was a nice smooth and sweet ending to the meal. It's BYOB and accepts credit cards. Also, unlike a lot of byob places, we're not sitting on top of each other (ie. Mercato). The service is exceptional. Our server is so personable, cheerful, available but not intrusive. The whole staff is so ready to share a smile. It was a delightful place. I will be back. Good for small groups. I was with 4 other girlfriends, it was a sweet ladies night. Good for a couple as well. Parking was not too bad either compared to other parts of the city.Phenomenal menu, phenomenal service, phenomenal food! Everything was so damn tasty especially the desserts. This is the best food I've had on South Street. If you get the chance to visit during Restaurant Week, your stomach will thank you.The meal was good but nothing spectacular. Service was friendly. The timing struck that balance of not feeling rushed but not taking forever. The restaurant was a little cramped, I felt way too close to the table next to mine. I would probably go with 3.5 but they never brought out bread despite having olive oil on the table (I realize I could have asked but by the time i realized other tables were getting bread our food was ready) and while their website says they have virgin cocktails to mix your booze with, there was nothing about this at the restaurant. At this price point I wouldn't go back.We had a lovely dinner at Entree.  We were 3 of us and all ordered different items from the ala carte menu.  The lobster tempura was excellent, as was the halibut special for the night and of course, had to have the fried oreos!  The waiter was excellent, and did not rush us at all...perfect since we hadn't seen one another for over 30 years!
Wonderful meal, reasonable prices and I would definitely go back.Food here is amazingly awesome! Everything her is great! 
Their fried Oreo is the best! 
Their duck dish is awesome too!!!!!
The place is a bit small but you go for the the good food!
And you have to expect a littl waiting time since it's a smaller place they don't have a lot of hands so except to wait!I went to Entree last night with my boyfriend for Valentine's Day for the second year in a row. We enjoyed it even more than we did last year which was a surprise since last year was amazing. Our server and the atmosphere were on key. Candle lit tables and roses made the atmosphere romantic. 
We ordered from the valentines pre fixed menu which included a cheese plate, app./salad, entree and desert for each of us. We also received a complimentary glass of red Sangeria which was a nice touch.  
I ordered calamari with red peppers, aoli and a balsamic glaze for my app and my boyfriend ordered fried shrimp with a mango sauce (both amazing). For entrees my boyfriend ordered short ribs served with mash potatoes and asparagus, he said it was the best short rib he has ever had. It was also a huge portion, he was full all night. I ordered crab encrusted swordfish with Brussel sprouts and cauliflower. It was amazing as well! We ended our meal with white chocolate creme brûlée and lemon cello cake. We both agreed it was the best meal we've had since living in the city.Service- 3 stars. Waiter was nice, but I felt a bit rushed. Had barely finished my entree before he wanted to bring dessert. I told him we wanted to slow down a bit, but I felt like he wasn't thrilled about it. Granted, it's a small room and the place was packed...but I need more than an hour to enjoy a nice meal out.
Food- 4.5 stars. Apps were amazing! Arancini stuffed with crab and topped with caponata. Prosciutto wrapped dates stuffed with Gorgonzola. Freaken delish! I loved my halibut- spicy tomato coulis tempered by a nice butternut squash hash. Hubs had the surf and turf...ample portion, but he felt that the sauce on the steak was overly salty. Dessert was a nice creme brûlée.
Cost- our meal cost $100. 
Final verdict- 4 stars and I'd go back...Had a nice dinner here last night. 
Pros: customer service, affordable, portion sizes. The veal special with lobster tail was excellent, as well as the NY strip steak. 
Cons: decor is somewhat dark and dingy.  The breading on the fried items was a little to heavy which held to much grease. It tasted/smelled like the fryer oil needed to be changed. 
The entree's were so good that we would absolutely go back.Maybe it was because it was restaurant week.... but they flipped our table faster than McDonald's, despite the server's assertion that the table was ours for the rest of the night.
The good: service was extremely friendly.
The not-so good: we had our appetizers and entrees within 18 minutes of sitting down, and were handed the check within 40 minutes.  The tables around us were served at a similar lightning-fast pace.
The food was just OK - there was no complexity of flavor to anything from the prosciutto-wrapped-gorgonzola-stuffed dates to the strip steak.  While nothing was over-salted, the only source of flavor was salt.
The noise level in the restaurant was deafening, and we were practically on top of the table next to us. Maybe it was just because it was restaurant week, but given the noise level and the mediocre food, I'm not sure I'd be back.Recently got to try this restaurant for my friend's birthday dinner and this is now my favorite byob restaurant thus far.  First, our waitress was fantastic (I think her name was Kim) throughout the dinner including the process of seating us.  There are options of $40 and $50 prefix 3 course meals as well as the option to order a la carte.  I decided to do a la carte because lobster tail was not on the prefix meal while my group decided on the prefix meals.  
I started with the lobster tail tempura which was very good, lightly battered without overcooking the lobster.  For my meal, I had the seared duck breast, just delicious with enough sauce and sauté vegetables and potatoes.  4 people out of the whole table ordered steak and preparation of the steak ranged from medium, well, to medium well.  Each person got their steak prepared correctly, which is rare in some cases, so plus 1 on that.  Of note is the fried oreos which is pretty much a donut with Oreos inside along with french vanilla ice cream; highly recommended to end your meal.  The Nutella cannoli was disappointing because the filling was kind of grainy and not smooth, I'm not a fan of cannoli anyway.  The wedge (a salad with lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese, and prosciutto) had a little too much dressing on there, could tone it down a little.
Only complaint about the night is probably the lack of air conditioning.  I can normally tolerate heat but it was humid outside and the lack of AC does not help without being able to open the giant doors due to humidity.  It was just uncomfortably sweaty, especially being right next to the kitchen.  I'll decide to go back during fall.This was my second trip to Entree and it will be my last. Walking in, the din of the room was overwhelming. We were seated between two extremely loud parties. I'm all for having fun and being loud and don't blame the parties, but I think Entree should rethink its seating plan and noise control. It was so loud that I couldn't even think and had to lean in to hear the person shouting across from me.
Our stemware was dirty when it first came and the waiter apologized (citing it was probably from his fingerprints, not sure how this made it better) and brought new glasses. We all ordered a pre fixe meal and I informed the waiter that I had a gluten allergy (celiac) and was assured none of my plates would have gluten. For my first course, I ordered the special strawberry salad with goat cheese and mushrooms. The salad was overly dressed such that the strawberries and goat cheese all blended into a brown mess. The mushrooms had not been cut at all and came in long, goopy strands. For my main course, I ordered the swordfish with brussel sprouts. The swordfish was tasteless and somewhat overcooked. The brussel sprouts seemed like they had been sitting in olive oil for a few hours and then nuked to a luke warm temperature before serving.
I ordered the affogato for desert, without the cookie. When it came to me there were what appeared to be cookie crumbles on top of the icecream. I asked the waiter if the crumbles were gluten free, he apologized and said they were not. He informed me after returning from the kitchen that actually the ice cream was cookies & cream--not gluten free. He offered another desert, but at that point, I just asked for the check. They didn't charge me for the desert and took off the price of the salad as an apology, but the restaurant's kindness wasn't enough to assuage how terrible the experience was as a whole.Ok - Everyone must dine here!!!!
To begin, my wife and I were greeted at the door by a cheerful welcoming cat... Didn't get his name.
Our waitress "Kim" was an absolute button and could not have been more knowledgable, efficient, attentive or engaging.
We had the calamari and Dates for an app. The calamari was the best we have ever had. Tossed in balsamic, cooked perfectly with a sriracha aoli. The prosciutto wrapped dates were perfectly described by the cat who welcomed and sat us as, "delivered daily from heaven."
My wife got the tuna which was amazing and I got the seared Duck... Never had duck.. Went with Kim's recommendation...
It was amazing as well and is now my standard bearer as I will be ordering again. 
We sat at a small table in the back enabling us to see and hear the kitchen humming at full speed...
The chef and sous chef's worked in close quarters and actually appeared to love and care about what they were doing.
Fun and refreshing to see. 
Our experience here as a whole has made this spot among our top 3 BYO's... (Along side Sotto and Audrey Clair's for us)
The only issue this place has is that it needs to be 3 times it's size.
We will be back ... Often!
Crazy great... Wish there were a 6th star for such spots.We were visiting Philadelphia & came across reviews for this restaurant. We ordered the monk fish, Cornish hen & seafood linguine.  Everything was really delicious!  I highly recommend the arugula beet salad, which had a delicious vinaigrette. Yum!Great BYOB!  We tried it for restaurant week and my boyfriend loved it. First time he had fried calamari and now he orders it all the time and he claims nothing was good as Entree's. Great fried Oreos too!! 
I would have given this restaurant a much higher rating however they asked us to leave when we were done our meal, which I think is highly unprofessional in my opinion.  Yes we were there for restaurant week and it is  very small place but we are paying customers and still drinking our wine. We deserve to stay at least 30 mins after our meal. Not 10.A great hidden gem! The food is daring, but not so adventurous to scare off the less courageous eater. The food is delectable, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting.I enjoyed my restaurant week meal at Entree when I went there for the first time this weekend!  They take reservations, it's BYOB, and it's extremely cute inside/they open the windows when it's nice out! It was an ideal location for a girl's dinner night out! 
I ordered the shrimp for my starter, the duck breast for my main, and the nutella cannoli for my dessert.  Everything was delicious! The shrimp was good, but nothing out of the ordinary or extremely special.  The duck breast was also good and cooked well, but a little over-cooked in my opinion.  I actually tried my friend's pork chop (which I usually am not a big fan of), and really liked her pork chop dish better! I think the overall flavor composition of the pork chops was better and they were really, really well cooked (which I rarely find).  Finally, the desserts were the hardest to choose from.  I ordered the nutella cannoli, and it was delicious, but I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference between that cannoli and a regular flavored cannoli.  So I'm not sure if the nutella really made an impact.  My friend's fried oreos were absolutely delicious though, and I will definitely order that the  next time I go!Saturday marked our 2nd visit to Entree BYOB. But this time, we actually sat down and had an incredible dinner!
The first thing that you notice about this place is the lack of space. It's actually so unfortunate that this space isn't more comfortable. I'm a big guy - 6'2" and closing out the 200 Lbs mile marker on my scale. 
During my first visit, I was with company of similar physical proportions. It was a packed house and couldn't envision how we would get through our dinner without brushing elbows AND hips with our neighbors. We decided to leave. However, we KNEW that Entree would be worth another visit.
We caught a break in the tide, the place wasn't too packed and we actually were able to find a comfortable table. The Price Fix menu can't be beat. They offer 2 levels but you WILL find yourself wanted to sub out from each side. I had the Rack of Lamb with the Cauliflower and Cous cous salad - SUPERB. The Lamb was served as 4 plump chops that were grilled to a PERFECT medium/rare - melted in my mouth! The Cous cous salad was chilled and made an excellent play against the warm chops. My wife had a Veal Cutlet with Lobster Tail, served in a Lobster cream sauce. For as much as I enjoyed my plate, hers was the winner! The veal cutlet was ENORMOUS, breading was crispy and veal was like silk.
I jumped past the starters, but let's talk about that: We split the options that came with our Price Fix menu: Dates wrapped in Prosciutto - stuffed with gorgonzola(?) and the "Wild" Shrimp (spicey / Asian style shrimp). Both were great!!! The Stuffed Dates paired perfectly with our Cline Zinfandel.
I would HIGHLY recommend this place, but keep the comfort level in mind. It can be VERY cramped - even with a modest crowd.Went here for restaurant week with a few friends. We all split the apps entrees and dessert. The duck was cooked perfectly!! And for dessert the fried Oreos is a must. The only downside of this restaurant is that it is very small. The tables are on top of one another so you are constantly being bumped by other tables. Additionally since it was so small we had to wait about twenty minutes after our reservation time to be sat. But all in all the food is worth coming back for.I went here for my birthday dinner with fairly low expectations.  I was totally blown away by the quality of the food.  The ambiance is lively for a BYO and the portions are HUGE.  We started with calamari.  For entree, the chef was very accommodating allowing me to order a special salad with scallops.  My husband had the surf and turf prefix -- yum.  Steak and lobster for $40?  Seriously?  Our friend had the duck prefix and it was mind blowingly good.  Get here quickly!  It will not disappoint!You could literally walk right by this fine establishment on South Street because there aren't any flashy signs or people dining al fresco.  But, please don't.  Unless you want to miss out on a fabulous meal.
Entree is a BYO, and yes, you can have more than one bottle open at a time, which is great if some of your party only likes red or white or whatever.  They have 2 prix fix options - a $40 and a $50 one.  I got the $40 one and so did most of my table.  With it, you can choose from 4 apps, 4 or 5 main courses and 3 desserts.  Not a bad deal!
I started with the arugula salad, which came with pears.  Now I'm not a huge fan of pears, but this worked.  For my main course, I chose the ribeye and it was insanely delicious.  My mouth is watering as I write this just thinking of that juicy steak cooked to perfection.  The mashed potatoes and asparagus were an ideal side and left me satisfied.
For dessert, I went with the Nutella cannoli, mainly because it came with either coffee or espresso.  What a concept - coffee included with the dessert!  Others at my table opted for the fried oreos, and they said they really couldn't taste the oreo, just the fried batter.  
I can't wait to go back to Entree.  Great dining experience and a staff that is attentive and friendly with excellent food.Went to entreé byob with my girlfriend just to try a new place out and I was starving, so a place called entreé sounded fitting. Boy was I wrong. 
The appetizer salad was amazing and so was our desert. Fried Oreos were to die for. But the entreé was an absolute joke. Easily one of the worst I've had for the price. The salmon that I ordered I could've made better at my house for free. As a mid 50 year old man who used to be a chef when he was in his 30's this is garbage. The salmon tasted like saw dust that was fresh out of a lake. I've never had a worse meal. My girlfriend ordered her steak medium rare and it was black as fireplace char. She didn't get halfway through it. I didn't wanna insult the chef further by telling him. I feel sorry for this place and furthermore their innocent customers.
This is a WARNING to anyone looking for a good meal.I've been here twice. First time I ordered the surf and turf. When I returned, I had the scallops. I try to arrive early so I get a good seat. The restaurant is a cozy space. I love that I can see straight back into the kitchen, reminds me of eating in my own living room. The servers are always friendly and willing to explain the menu as well as offer appropriate suggestions. The kitchen staff seems to truly enjoy preparing the menu. Everything I've sampled was tasty. My friends ordered the rack of lamb, lobster fra diavolo, dragon style shrimp and the steak. The steak was cooked perfectly to order. The lobster tail was nicely seasoned without drowning out the fresh lobster meat. Lobster was not rubbery and over cooked . My scallops were seared very nicely, trapping in the flavor. The butternut squash hash complimented well. I will definitely be back. Remember to BYOBEntree is the place to be for dinner on South Street! Me and my bf have been there several times and we've had almost everything on the menu and there is nothing we don't like. The blackened tuna and seared duck is my favorite! Not many places can pull off a great blackened tuna. The portions are big and the prices are moderate.  
Great great service! The ambiance is relaxing, the service on any day was attentive and excellent, and the chef/owner is a really cool guy who's always making sure everybody is enjoying their evening. 
Word is they will start opening for brunch and I'm excited to taste what Entree will be offering up.Small place but what do you want with a small business... Kick ass food.. Went here for restaurant week... Calamari was great, steak was awesome, and the fried Oreo was phenomenal... And the BYOB no charge fee you can't lose... If you don't mind elbow to elbow and cold bread you will be okay. Oh and wait service was cool too... Gave it 3.5-4 stars cuz I like space and good foodi thought this place was okay. i got the steak, which i thought was a bit too heavy 
(a lot of butter) and a bit salty. ambiance was good (esp if youre looking for a date place etc), but was wayyyy tooo cold. we sat a few tables away from the main door, but everytime someone came in or out, there was a 30degree cold air wafting in to the restaurant.I went for my sister's 30th birthday in a large group of 10. It's a very small restaurant and it felt tight but cozy. Because it is small, there's no place to wait for your table. I stood outside for a good 10-15 minutes in the cold. My sister chose this restaurant because she liked the pre-fixe menu and that it's BYOB. I opted out of the pre-fixe menu because that's just too much food for me. I ordered the duck which was amazing! But I tend to eat my meals pretty slowly so my food was cold by the end. I did try some of the other dishes though that people ordered around me. The fried calamari was good and so was the ravioli. Overall, I had a good dining experience.Enjoyed the Restaurant Week (RW) Menu at Entree last night. There are SO many amazing things to share about how great this restaurant is that it's almost difficult deciding where to start. True story! haha. 
Anyhow, made reservations on OpenTable for 2 on Saturday night 2 830p. Arrived at 820p, table was ready even though the restaurant looked filled to capacity (sweet!). We were immediately greeted by our wonderful server (Kim) who gave us the rundown of what was going on for RW. She poured us some water and gave us a moment to peruse the menu. She came back approx. 5mins later and asked if we had any questions. She even offered us some suggestions and described the portions sizes perfectly as my friend and I would soon find out (in a good way!). 
We went with the calamari that came w/a Sriracha aioli sauce AND a Squid Ink sauce w/a hint of Sriracha. I had never tried squid ink before so I was totally digging the adventurous side of this app (no matter how small of an adventure). Needless to say, it was def worth trying and I am pretty sure i'm a fan of squid ink as a dipping sauce for my calamari from here on out. My friend ordered the stuffed dates wrapped in prosciutto and then pan seared. They melted in my mouth, SO yum! 
Our 2nd course arrived just as we finished our apps (perfect timing!). I ordered the Grilled Black Angus NY Strip (medium) w/mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus and red onion, gorgonzola butter (yummy!) and red wine demi glaze. The steak was cooked to perfection and was like butter in my mouth. There was SO much flavor. My friend order the Seared Tuna (he left the temp up to the chef which was a great choice because it was beyond delicious...if that's even possible. haha). 
For dessert, I had the deep fried oreo cookies w/vanilla ice cream. What can I say, yummy to the Nth degree. Def reminded me of the county fair back home. mmmmmmmmmm #nomnomnom. My friend had the white chocolate creme brule. It was like heaven with every bite. 
Kim was exceptional throughout the whole night. She seemed equally attentive to all of the tables in her section (and for a small restaurant there were plenty of tables for her to cover on such a busy night) and was always cheerful. 
Great. Food. Exceptional Service. Delicious desserts. I will def become a new regular at Entree BYOB. Can't wait to eat here again=)I came here for restaurant week because a couple of my friends are obsessed with this place. It was too small and dark for my liking and I was seated right near the kitchen which I didn't like. But who doesn't appreciate BYOB? The steak was too tough but the fried oreos are deliciousGreat space, terrific menu, BYOB and very reasonably priced...what more can you say? The Calamari is perfect and the stuffed dates are crazy good. Our table of three tried the NY steak, the duck breast and the braised short rib. All perfectly seasoned, prepared and presented. Dessert is the icing on the cake in a word...the limoncello cake is the right blend of tart and sweet, the fried Oreo is over the top! Snag a table at this neighborhood eatery and you won't be disappointed.Had Frutti di Mare. Generous amount; fully loaded and very tasty. Definitely will return.I was here on a Monday night during restaurant week.  The food was all incredibly delicious.  The space was charming and warm (it was cold and snowy outside).  I had the calamari, the NY strip steak, and the fried Oreos.  The calamari was served with some really tasty dipping sauces, including a Sriracha squid ink combo that I really loved.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare.  I would say my only complaint about the food was the steak seemed to be a little overseasoned with pepper, but it still tasted great.  The fried Oreos were perfect.  My fiance had the calamari, duck, and limoncello cake.  Again, his duck had a little too much pepper but overall it was really great.  We were served bread and olive oil before our meal which was a wonderful touch.  Service was excellent.  We never felt rushed even though it was restaurant week.  I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu.  BYOB is the icing on the cake!Took the hubby out to dinner here for Father's Day *his pick* We made reservations. When we arrived we entered and it is a nice quaint spot. It is on the dim side but anywhoo... we went in and they had a table ready but we decided to eat outside, they had no problems with that at all.. Our waiter Khal was very good for it to have only been his second day. Lol... from the appetizers to the entrée and desert.. I must give this place 5 stars.. learned that the owner is the chef.. cool!! He is the sugar honey ice tea... Hubby definitely said that they were the best fried oreos he's ever had..  Definitely giving you a heads up to make reservations..To be honest, eating here for dinner last night was a pick of "last resort" because our other preferences were already reserved. Im so glad we stumbled upon this place, the food was excellent! The place is small but not over-crammed with tables, you have plenty of space to enjoy your meal. We never felt rushed and the service was excellent. 
We had the Fried Calamari, the Wedge, Soft Shell Blue Crab and Seared Tuna. All were excellent. The Creme Brulee was nothing special but the Fried Oreos were awesome.
I will be returning to this place often.The FOOD - Bravo!
The SERVICE - Bravo!
The VIBE - Bravo!
An overall GEM amongst the hot South Philly dining scene. The kind of experience where you just kick back with a great bottle of wine (BYO) and eat deliciously prepared food presented in Chef Kevin's welcoming style with a fun, lively, happy buzz in the room. The frisée salad with beets was a perfect starter. Next, the calamari - which IS TO DIE FOR! The duck breast gets better with every bite. And the chicken with portobello was tender, moist and thoroughly flavorful. The best part is that the menu changes all the time, so it's always a new experience at Entree.Wonderful. Will definitely return.  Everything was perfectly cooked and our party received their meal at the same time... which is amazing because we were a party of 20!  
We had everything on the menu, and one custom Vegetarian entree, and everything was good!  Non-scallop eaters were converted to scallop eaters as it melted into deliciousness in their mouth.  Non-calamari eaters found that they liked calamari for the first time.  Steak eaters were in heaven.  The food was well prepared and creative.  I especially liked the Sriracha aioli.
Pro Tip: Leave extra time to find parking or take the train.I ordered  the $40 prefix and in reverse. 
Started with fried oreo and ice cream dessert, I had butternut squash and seared scallops and then I enjoyed the appetizer of calamari.  Nice BYOB. Good attentive wait staff.Entree is a gem that not too many people seem to know about. The food is incredible and the staff is always friendly and down-to-earth. I took a group of visiting friends here who all had different food preferences and they were all impressed with the meal and experience. Great little BYO!Come here for BYOB group dinners! I visited this lovely little restaurant on South Street with a group of seven chicks. There was also another, larger group of ladies dining while we were there. Safe to say, this place knows how to handle BYOB groups. The waiter was beyond kind and patient when we needed "a couple more minutes" several times to get ourselves focused on the menu! The food came out perfectly timed, so polite sticklers who wait for everyone to be served don't have to be too patient here. With the cozy, comfortable atmosphere, this place would also be fantastic for a casual date night.
I went for the $40 prix-fixe, though there is also the option to order a la carte. If you're going for appetizer, entree, and dessert, however, I would say that the prix-fixe is an amazing deal since all entrees are in the high $20's a la carte. For only another $10-12, appetizer and dessert is hard to pass up on. Plus, they have some delicious salads and DEEP FRIED OREOS. I got the arugula salad, duck breast, and butterscotch creme brûlée, but was able to try some of my dining companions' meals as well. Everything was delicious and nicely prepared. I cleaned my plates except for the creme brûlée, which was a little too sweet for my taste. Next time, I'll go for the Oreos. I highly, highly, highly recommend the duck. It's been almost a week and I'm still thinking about it.The best addition to South Street restaurants west of Broad.  Really good food and I expect it to get really popular which will make it difficult to get a seat in the future so I encourage everyone to go ASAP.We just had the most pleasant meal. The mussels were tender and my husbands steak was fantastic. Kevin, the owner-chef came out to chat with us. The service was attentive, but not intrusive. This is a great neighborhood restaurant. We will be back.Food: Amazing, I got the scallops and wedge salad as an appetizer. I liked the wedge salad but the dressing the lettuce ratio was not correct, way too much dressing. great dressing though. Scallops were perfect, over sweet potato hash and it was amazing. Perfect portion. I had the flourless chocolate cake as a dessert and it was also perfect. It is the type of place that you would never have left overs because the portions are just big enough to be ok for a meal. 
Atmosphere: Cute, vintage, old chandeliers and chalkboard drawings. Lot's of wood accents, cozy home feeling. Better for date night than it is group because the restaurant is tiny.
Service: Really slow and it felt inattentive. There were only two servers for the whole place so I will give her the benefit of the doubt but I was not impressed. Unapologetic even though we were sat a half hour past our reservation time. 
Overall experience: I loved the food and the atmosphere but I am so not impressed with the service, the wait, and the overall length of the dinner that I would probably not go back. There are way too many places to eat in the city that actually care about the customer to come back here even if the food is good.First of we were a large party that they accommodated with no problems, the food was excellent and we tried most the different options between the group, I was impressed. The quality was excellent. I prefer the small restaurant feel that this restaurant provides and the staff was great, they timed our meal progression well didn't rush is and even accommodated some very late guests without any problems. Additionally it is a BYOB, which is always a plus.Highly recommend the Duck and NY Strip!  Amazing!!!  Great food, friendly staff and cozy environment. Will definitely be back.Went for Valentine's day, $70 prix-fixe.
They started out by serving "red sangria" which tasted like sugar water. It was also weird of them to serve it because we had already opened a nice bottle of wine
Cheese plate was unremarkable - the cheeses were relatively bland and overpowered by really sweet fruit jams. They were also served on really thin and bland crackers.
Fried calamari appetizer was fine, but nothing to write home about. Very deeply fried - pretty unremarkable for a fancy restaurant. The shrimp appetizer was also heavily fried and only had 3 shrimp. 
The tuna+mussels+squid ink pasta main course was pretty good, but a little soupy. The short rib + mashed potatoes main course was really solid.
The desserts were also very good - fried oreos and white chocolate creme brulee. But neither was particularly unique.
Overall the food was mostly good, but I was expecting more given the price and the 4.5 star Yelp rating.
I know the restaurant can't control this, but I was also a little put off by the clientele - so many people were just dressed in casual "everyday clothes" even though it was Valentine's Day at 8pm. One patron was wearing a hoodie and for his BYOB, had brought a box of white Franzia.I had the squid ink pasta with scallops and tuna. It was spicy, yet sweet. The sauce is an amped up marinara sauce. It was delicious. The scallops were cooked perfectly, but I didn't care too much for the seared tuna. My boyfriend had the NY strip. It was a solid steak. The Gorgonzola butter made the dish. It was a great dining experience. I definitely want to come back and do the tasting menu next time .Just like I said, I returned to Entree again and guess what? It was all-around great this time! I'd say 4-4.5 stars overall, but since my last review was pretty scathing I want to even them out with a nice, 5 star review for them.
It was actually New Year's Eve dinner, and a group of 8 of us dined at Entree. We called beforehand to confirm they'd have an ala carte offering, but when we arrived we only saw a fixed price menu. I asked our server and she said she'd check with the chef, who confirmed we could order ala carte if we wanted. Very nice of her to check and confirm.
The food was very good, though a few items were on the salty side. The calamari app ($10) was delish, and many of us enjoyed the seared tuna main dish ($28). 
What I was really coming back for (besides the food, of course, which I knew was fantastic) was the service. And I can say I was not disappointed. The one waiter who had actually been helpful and nice the first visit was still there, which I was happy about, and our main waitress was very nice and attentive. It was a fairly busy day, and a holiday of course, and I was very happy overall with everything. The waitress did spill a bowl of mussel sauce on one of our group, but I didn't see it or the aftermath so I cant' say how it was handled. Honestly I thought it was somewhat funny to hear about, and clearly a mistake, so hopefully she apologized enough to make up for it.
All in all, super pleased that my second trip back was a much improved version of my first. Will absolutely dine here many more times in the future!Really amazing.  We were just walking down South Street looking for a place to grab dinner and they happened to have a table available.  The waitress could not have been more friendly and knowledgeable, going out of her way to help us.  The food was excellent.  Highly recommended.Went here about a week ago and loved it!!! 
Our server was Kim-she was probably on something but whatever it made her good at her job. She was enthusiastic and gave us a good idea of what each dish would taste like. She also explained the price fixed and a la carte options very well and which items you could switch around. 
Excellent service, excellent food! Cozy, fun, authentic service! I highly recommend the duck and the calamari. Will be back soon.
Went with my boyfriend and his parents and had a blast! Good for meeting up with a couple of people or a date.No complaints here. Food was superb! I ordered the seared tuna and it was cooked to perfection! Small and quaint restaurant and wait staff was very attentive. Will definitely be coming back :)Ate at Entree last night with several friends.   We all enjoyed everything!  
It's a small restaurant with adorable charm.   You are in very tight seating next to other tables.   Because it is so small it can get noisy when full.  
Our group shared appetizers which included calamari, cheese platter and some shrimp dish.  Calamari was delish with two different side dips.   Had a nice hint of spice.  Can't remember the name of the shrimp dish but also had a nice sweet and mild spice to it.    The cheese app had a wonderful selection of cheeses and fruits served with some bread.     Very nice.
I went "outside my box" and ordered something I wouldn't normally order.  Impressed with my meal as well.  I had one of the specials...  Fried Veal with lobster on top with some red sauce.   Liked that they did not drench the veal in the red sauce.   Veal was very tender and small lobster was cooked well..  Potatoes and asparagus prepared perfectly.
Friends had blackened scallops, salmon with watermelon salsa and some veggie hash, and a few other dishes I can't remember.   All very good.
Desserts...   Wonderful selection.   Creme brûlée spot on.  Friends had the fried Oreos with ice cream and couldn't rave enough about them.Amazing food, can't say enough about it! Very  attentive wait staff and the chef came out to ask about my boyfriends duck since he said he didn't like mushrooms. The chef offered the sweet potato hash! LOVED it! The figs were phenomenal, the scallops with the raspberry balsamic reduction was cooked perfectly! My love for byos in the area are growing! Will be returning as soon as possible!Been twice and service was terrific both times.  Food choices are great. Had the Halibut last evening and think the recipe needs to be changed.  It tasted like it was deep fried.  Salads terrific.Have been there 3 times now and never have left disappointed. Restaurant is very small and can get a little loud but other than that I highly recommend this place.My husband I came here on a Saturday night with my parents.  For appetizers we had the fried calamari and the mussels & littlenecks.  The calamari may have been the best I've ever had and the mussels & littlenecks were definitely a solid pick.  For dinner I had the rack of lamb which was a special for the night.  It was excellent.  My Dad had the monkfish, my Mom had the veal, and my husband the tuna.  They all seemed very happy with what they had ordered.  I would definitely recommend to others and I would go back again for sure.  It is a small place and it was crowded so I would recommend you make reservations.Visited with my husband last week to celebrate our anniversary. We were very pleased with the service and of course the food! I got the wedge salad as an appetizer which was unreal. Never had a salad with so many different textures and flavors. My husband had the arugula which was good not great. For entrees, we had the seared scallops and seafood linguini, both very robust in flavor and beautiful presentation. The scallops melted in my mouth, and were cooked to perfection! Lastly, for our dessert fries ores which did not disappoint.5 stars all around! Everything from the food, quality, service, and atmosphere was a WIN! 
We first came here to celebrate our wedding day and made a reservation for 12 people. It was a perfect fit!
I will forever remember what an amazing time we had. 
We used to go to some of the other BYOB's because this name didn't really stand out, but after going here Inwould say this is our first choice for a BYOB!A group of 8 of us were there on a Friday night recently. We really enjoyed everything and would definitely be back. Our service was quick, staff was friendly, and they were able to make a few substitutions within some dishes. BYO is always a good thing. 
We ordered the dates and they were delicious. Friends got the mussels and littlenecks and they loved them, also. My friend ordered the ravioli and she said it was the perfect size for an entree (she had ordered the mussels too). 
The only thing I would change was the doneness of our Seared Tuna.Four people ordered it, two med rare and two rare. All four of us thought it was a little "too done". I ordered the med rare and it was definitely more medium well. It was still very good, though! Next time we go I'll probably try the scallops. My girlfriend got them and they were a nice size, and she couldn't say enough good things about them!
Thanks, Entree!Went to Entree this weekend with a party of 8.  Everyone had a fantastic meal.  The staff was wonderful.  I have food allergies and had no problems with the menu.  We had the wedge salad, prosciutto wrapped dates, mussels, salmon, steak, scallops, tuna and the fried Oreos.  I personally had the steak and it was cooked to perfection.  The place is small, so I would call for a reservation.What a nice little new restaurant in the neighborhood! At first, I was hesitant to try it out because there are no vegetarian options on the menu itself. But, while walking by one day, a waiter struck up a conversation and mentioned that the chef will make vegetarian options. So, we gave it a shot...and were glad we did!
I had a mushroom ravioli in a cream sauce with beets, artichokes, kalamata, and capers. So yummy! Others at my table had the strip (and she said she needed to be rolled away from the restaurant because she was so full!) and the calamari (and he said they were the best he's had in quite some time). 
When it's cold, there's not much protection from wind through the door. Not sure anything can be done about that, though.
All in all, this is one restaurant that I will definitely go back to!We enjoyed our dinner at Entree BYOB. It's always nice to have a good new restaurant join the BYOB scene here in Philly.
For a starter, we got a lobster cake in a butternut squash soup that was really quite good. We were glad we had some leftover bread to sop up the extra soup. As an entree, I got the chicken with goat cheese, artichokes and balsamic glaze. I enjoyed it but had wished there was a vegetarian option available to try out. 
He got the black linguine which he enjoyed but didn't seem to really love.
For dessert there was only one option. It was a nutella stuffed canolli. While I would have liked options, this one was still good.
The service was very good, and the food was enjoyable as well, I don't know if we'll make the trip back anytime soon. It wasn't anything over the top good, and it was a bit of a cab ride for us.The food.. was unbelievable... we could see the chef making sure everything was too perfection before he plated it. We had the broccoli rabe ravioli and Surf n Turf. The service ( one waitress for a packed restaurant by the way) was impeccable. Not one time were we waiting for something. I would highly recommend coming here just ensure you make reservations and bring a great bottle of wine to accompany your meal.
Keep doing what you're doing Entree BYOB!I was on my way down the lower numbers of South Street last night (a Friday) on a first date. There was an accident on Broad St. so traffic was backed up some. Both of us were hungry as hell...Waiting at a light before 16th she has glanced over and saw this place.. She said "i wonder if this place is good?" I said "google it" lol..she did and saw some good reviews. I told her if we found a spot we should try it. Whattaya know found a spot before 17th and walked up.. Grabbed a six pack on the way at some bar..
Walked in and this place was jumping at 9:30.. Didnt think we were gonna get a seat but a spot opened up and someone seated us. While we were waiting briefly the waiter took our beer and asked if we wanted one while we wait which I thought was nice. 
The menu had some hard decisions.. We ordered the dragon shrimp appetizer It was sweet and spicy very tasty.. I couldn't decide on my main entree, so I just went with the N.Y strip with mash potatoes and asparagus.. WHAT A GOOD CHOICE! Lol! It was all jazzed up with some fancy sauce on top..I was a lil skeptical when it came but WOW! It was cooked to perfection and the sauce made the steak that much better! Intense flavor but not overwhelming.. Mash potatoes were delicious.. My date ordered the Chicken dish she said it was amazing.. I didn't bother trying it because I was so wrapped up into this steak.. We were both stuffed after but had to try the fried Oreos. Not even gonna get into that but Delicious .. Place was winding down at this time and the Chef (Kevin) came out and asked how everything was.. Ive never witnessed this but a real class act.. Our server Dean was extremely informative, polite, and on top of everything we needed. The best.
Overall I had a great experience here..Im definitely coming back again and going to order the surf and turf. Im happy I stopped to try this place!The new kid in town is looking good.  Entree Bistro has moved into the spot that used to be Novito Bistro.  We were lucky to among their early patrons on a beautiful Friday night.  Entree is very new at the writing of this review, so I hope to help spread the word that there is some really fine cooking going on south street west.
My entree was the wild boar sausage over a cream sauce which was just divine. This is one seriously great dish, with the subtle gaminess of the sausage pairing well with the delightful creme sauce and perfectly tender pasta. I also tried my dinning partners calamari with black squid ink pasta.  The black ink pasta was as good as some of the more famous Italian places which are known for the dish.  This seafood special was... well special and super fragrant. My appetizer of prosciutto wrapped figs was also excellent, with the crispy prosciutto the salty dance partner to the oh so sweet fig.
They have some interesting soft drinks, but i suggest bringing a favorite bottle of wine and having a top rate meal for a very reasonable price.Great place!! My husband took me for my birthday and it was just what we needed, Intimate and we weren't right on top of the table next to us!  It was an old row home converted into a restaurant, just like most the BYOBs but it was set for mostly 4 tops!  We ended up getting the prefix menu, which turned out to be a great value!! And they catered to gluten free allergies and lactose intolerance!  Usually I don't get dessert because it's all cream and dairy but when it came time to choose, I asked if they could simply cut up fruit and drizzle honey on top!? I gratefully received pears cut in small cubes topped with honey and walnuts presented in a martini glass!!! Loved every bite, it was perfect!Um, yum.  We started out with the wedge salad (me) and the calamari (husband).  I have never had calamari but it looked so appetizing, I had to try it!  I may be a convert!  The wedge salad was great - perfect amount of dressing, and I loved the candied walnuts and prosciutto.  For our main entrees, we had the duck (me) and pork tenderloin (husband).  My duck was seared perfectly and the flavor was out of this world.  It rested on a fall squash hash with a sundried cherry compote.  The cherry compote perfectly complemented the saltiness of the seared duck.  Husband loved his pork tenderloin, which sat on a bed of butternut squash risotto.  They only offered 2 desserts - a cheesecake and a nutella canolli.  The canolli was sold out, and I wasn't in the mood for a cheesecake, so we didn't get to try dessert.  But based on the rest of the meal, i'm sure it was delicious.
The room was pretty loud, but there was a very large party there when we were there, so that could have something to do with it.  It was a little difficult to hold a conversation with my husband, but we made do.  The entire front of the building was opened, which was nice, and in warmer weather would probably be really lovely.  We will definitely come back to Entree!Really delicious. It is a smaller venue on the first floor but everything here is delicious. I love the duck breast, the chicken, and any of their seafood plates. One must get the cheese plate with all of the wonderful jams! Really fantastic solid place that is perfect for friends, families, and dates.We had a party of 6 come to Entree BYOB for dinner during restaurant week. We were lucky enough to sit at the table in the front by the open window so we had a view of South Street and a nice breeze during dinner. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable about the special restaurant week menu. I was expecting smaller portions since it was restaurant week, but the entire group was pleasantly surprised at the size of each dish. I ordered the wedge salad to start - loved the candied walnuts and dressing. I ordered the salmon for my main course which was delicious. And to finish, I ordered the fried oreos which were unreal. Great atmosphere, food, and service which provided a positive overall experience. Will be returning and will recommend.Take the time to enjoy a meal at Entree BYOB. My wife and I had a delightful dining experience and delicious meal last Saturday night. We enjoyed the tempura lobster tail, loved the entrees (scallops and halibut over a seductive vegetable hash) and succumbed to the fried oreo desert. We asked for and received a great table and thought the service from Kehl was first - rate from beginning to end. Kevin Addis, owner and chef, stopped by to see how we were doing. Within a minute of speaking to Kevin, you will feel his dedication to his craft, customers and restaurant. He is refreshingly honest, candid and funny. Great night all the way around. Thanks Kevin and crew. We will be back.I visited this place last night as part of restaurant week with a few girls. Our individual meals were very tasty and my dessert, the fried Oreos, was some of the best I've ever tasted.
The service however left something to be desired.
This place is small, but with a good amount of tables and even about 5 out in front of the big window my party was sitting at for outdoor seating. As we were wrapping up, our bill was dropped off and we were told that we had no rush. We paid and sat to finish the last bit of our wine. After about 5 minutes, our flighty waiter asked if we could move to an outside table to finish our wine because the party of 3 sitting at the outdoor table literally feet from us wanted to come in. Mind you, there were tables available toward the back of the restaurant, these girls were already at a table, and there were other parties enjoying dinner at tables around them. It was silly, awkward, and honestly uncomfortable. 
I won't be back. As delicious as the actual meal was, what in the world was that???Pretty nice small restaurant.  Service was friendly and attentive.  
Tried the $40 prix fixe and the star of the meal was the dessert.  The first course (both salads) were pretty good, the main courses (halibut and ribeye) were good, both being somewhat overcooked, and finally the desserts (nutella canoli and fried oreos) were delicious.  The oreos were dressed with a salted caramel sauce that was great.  Try the oreos!I'm finally getting around to reviewing this place. I've already been here a couple of times already because I think it's phenomenal. I was with a group for my first time here and we all shared some of the appetizers (baby arugula salad & fried calamari). Both were really great, and the calamari were tossed with peppadew peppers, which are my favorite. I'm a seafood lover so I went with the clam & linguini dish for my entree. It was a really nice traditional dish with a lot of clams. I really enjoyed it. My most recent trip here I had the black pasta dish. It was incredible. Can't wait to go back, and next time I'll try something other than seafood.U c i give it a five rite you wont be disappointed mt appetizers were great. I mean bang and bring ua own bottle lets go something real nice comps to the cheg sladh ownerOwner Chef Kevin gets it....great combination of spices, with fresh center of the plate presentation. A BYOB with a warm welcoming atmosphere. Our accomplished server Dean was delightful and his wonderful suggestions were right on....the calamari was absolutely one of my favorites and the mussels and clams ...... Yum yum yum. We finished our awesome dinner with deep fried Oreos .... It doesn't get any better. Thank you Entree for a wonderful evening to share with my wife on her birthday!Amazing food, wonderful attentive service! I suggest you order the Calamari, NY Angus Strip and the fried Oreos!!!! SOOOOOOO GOOD!This place is really good, the staff is great and the menu is unique. Will definitely be backI took my dad here for father's day feast and we had a lovely experience! we had an early booking before 6pm so the restaurant was mostly empty and a very relaxed atmosphere on a summer day~ once it got to about 7-7:30pm though, the place filled up very quickly! i was very happy with my earlier ressie especially for a more intimate dinner setting.
TBH, i definitely had doubts visiting this place after reading some of my fellow yelper's reviews, some had a great time and some just weren't very impressed with Entree.  I had nooo idea what to expect coming here, but it seemed like a solid BYOB spot from what yelp says.
So.  let's get started with looking at the menu--- a great selection of seafood and meat!  i love the idea of the $50 3-course prix fixe vs $40... i think the biggest difference between the 2 is the portion.  the choices in the 2 prix fixe menus are slightly different too.  don't forget they do offer daily specials as well! so if you ask, they can probably accommodate the special in the pricier prix fixe menu.  for us, our table chose 2 $50 menus and 1 $40 menu.  love that they let us mix and match! 
appetizers: 
glazed shrimp (3) - smaller portion but very good! nice summer sweetness to it.
soft shell crab (1) - delicious! nice glaze on top
calamari - big portion! perfect for sharing and very tasty! 
entree:
FRUIT DE MARE - like the BIGGEST scallop i've ever seen haha generous portion and overall very tasty! came with another soft shell crab that was seasoned and fried.
SURF AND TURF- possibly the most disappointing one.. BUT the sauce they had on the dish was really good! went well with the lobster tail and mashed potatoes.
SEARED DUCK BREAST - i was told this was the chef's special so i had to try it! it's not too bad but def not the best I've experienced.. the portion for the duck was pretty small compared to the other 2 entrees. But for one person, i thought the amount was enough.  the back of the duck breast was seared on too high of a heat setting in my opinion, the skin was too dry and the meat didn't absorb enough of the juice from the fatty skin.  the meat though was very tender so A+ there.  the wine sauce was really good too! but i felt like there was a disconnection between the dish and the sauce... a bit disappointing BUT i still enjoyed the dish very much. 
Dessert:
FRIED OREOS - signature at Entree, very nicely done and tastes even better with the vanilla ice cream!
LEMONCELLO - didn't wow me but still very good
AFFOGATO - adorable presentation in a martini glass and a side of espresso for you to pour it in! actually didn't try but looked delicious! comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream
after all the stuff I devoured that night.. I can now say I am a fan of Entree!! yes, it's not the cheapest meal in philly but it was certainly quite the value meal! they do not cheat you with the ingredients and portion they serve.  very nicely done! i am certainly looking to return to try other dishes.  and who can deny the awesome idea of byob?! in conclusion, i would not hesitate to recommend this spot to others!My wife and I went to Entree for the first time tonight. We sat at an outside table. Not sure I have been to a restaurant more friendly and welcoming than Entree...and I've been to Vetri, Lacroix, Volver, etc. The chef came out to our table twice, once to check on the parameters for my vegetarian wife, and once to check on how I liked the duck. The waitress, I am so sorry I forget the name, she was excellent, let us sit and enjoy our wine before ordering, checked in the right amount of times, perfect service. And Hans, could be wrong on the name, was great as well. 
I thought the duck breast was a bit over cooked, but I did not specify otherwise when ordering. The duck leg was insanely good. Fried calamari was not deep fried thankfully, lightly fried, very good. 
We will definitely be back.Amazing food!! Seriously one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The calamari was out of this world. Loved the creative touches like squid ink and peppadews. Had the NY strip and my steak was perfectly cooked to medium rare perfection. The Gorgonzola butter was a taste explosion in your mouth. Shared the fried Oreos and Nutella cannoli. Wow just wow. Oreos were so good, perfectly fried and not greasy. The cannoli was something else as well. Loved that it was cannoli cream mixed with Nutella. Such a great meal everything was just on point. Also the staff was so friendly and nice and the chef even came out to check on tables!Small BYOB bistro in a great location--5 minute walk to the Kimmel Center, 10 minute walk from Rittenhouse Square.  The restaurant is small, and I suggest making reservations and arriving  early so you're not stuck at the table next to the door (awkward location).  The restaurant was completely filled--even at 5:45pm on a Saturday.  
The Food:
We had the 3 course $40 option.  The calamari was incredibly delicious and probably my favorite calamari in the city--a nice pile of perfectly cooked squid served with great pan asian-inspired dipping sauces and sliced peppers on top.  
For the entree, I had the duck and my friend had the steak.  Both entrees were fantastic; the duck fat was rendered perfectly and the breast was very moist.  It was served with a traditional french cherry sauce  and fingerling potatoes (I think).  When I was in Paris last year, I ate duck almost daily--Entree BYOB's duck was as good if not better than most of the duck I had in Paris.
My friend had the steak, which was seasoned/cooked perfectly and served over creamy mashed potatoes.  Both entrees were large (obviously the duck was smaller than the steak) and really were as good as it gets in terms of culinary execution.  
Dessert options didn't seem as great as the rest of the menu, but after reading reviews, we both ordered the fried Oreos with ice-cream and caramel sauce. It was a great dessert, and not oily (which has always been my complaint with fried Oreos).  I hope they add more desserts in the future to the menu, or perhaps more options to the prix fixe.
Service was fantastic, not rushed (we actually had to ask for the check) and very friendly.  It would have been nice if they would have reminded us of what was in each dish when served (e.g. the sauces that accompanied the calamari), but now I'm being picky.  
This was one of my top 5 favorite meals in Philly.  I left full and happy.  Isn't that what eating out is all about?The food is amazing here. I have now eaten here twice once on a double date and another with girlfriends. The food is farm to table
American. It's a small restaurant and very popular so even with a reservation you usually have to wait a bit. It is easy to go with a group up to 6 people comfortably and even though it is small you can still hear one another. I suggest the scallops and the tuna absolutely perfect!I dined here this evening for restaurant week. I had the dragon shrimp very flavorful! Wish there were more!!  The scallop dush was delicious!! Ohhhh how could i forget the bread!!! Omg! Scrumptious! The olive oil and balsamic reduction! Delightful! Had two servings!  I finally tried fried oreos. Sinfully good!!!  
My friend had the tuna!! Tasty and tender! Cooked juust right!! 
The service was ok. The chef was very engaging. Over all I enjoyed my food and as always I love BYOB!!! It's South street so parking is a little tight. The restaurant is very small. But quaint I'll go back! Hope you enjoy!!!My husband and I just had a great night at Entree. This was my second time there and even better than I remembered it. It's a little restaurant with a great romantic, unpretentious atmosphere. The service was wonderful are waitress was helpful and friendly and personalized out dessert, see my picture! Food was delicious, I had the grilled romaine appetizer followed by the seafood Fra diavolo with squid ink linguini. Shower generous portions and very tasty. It's also BYOB, which we love as well. Will definitely be coming back!Food was awesome service was fast and very courteous! Looks like every dish is a win win!I want to thank everyone at entrée for saving our night!!!  Fantastic server,  amazing chef and even the owner came out to say hi. 
After a wicked night checking out the animal world exhibit at Franklin Institute (freaky cool like body world's exhibit), we walked and wandered in a blizzard in search of a fine meal at 9pm.
Legitimately,  two of yelps favourite  and highly reviewed spots were full along our walk...  So we made it all the way down to South street,  to see this 'pumpkin'  place.   We found it all right.  In fact,  I could smell the arrogance from the street.   Without getting into it...  They didn't help us. 
Then immediately upon strolling into entrée,   we were warmly greeted and served up some wine.  The prix fixe meals at $40 & $50 were bliss.   Lobster to duck to a strong finish with a white chocolate creme brûlé... Best meal I'd had in ages....... And even better service.My sister and I dined here during Restaurant Week and we were SO pleased with our entire experience. Our server was super friendly and attentive. He opened our bottle of wine for us immediately, went over the rest. week menu and gave us as much time as we needed to decide on our 3-courses (which was a bit of time because we were indecisive since everything sounded SO good--but we didn't feel rushed). We decided to share the Fried Calamari (delicious and had nice crunch--not soggy and decent portion of tentacles and rings) and the Prosciutto-Wrapped Prunes (WOW-I don't ever want to eat plain prunes again haha). Sadly the prunes appetizer was only 3 prunes but we cut them in half and it was enough to satisfy the two of us. So good we wanted more, haha. People mentioned not being able to taste the cheese inside, but we could! :) The appetizers came out super fast and at that time we ordered our entrees and desserts which made the timing perfect for chatting and drinking our wine before the next course. For our entrees we split the Salmon and the Steak which were both DELICIOUS! Both entrees were cooked perfectly, and had very tasty potatoes and vegetable sides. The presentation was nicely done too. We didn't leave a morsel behind on either plate! Lastly we had the fried oreos which came with a small dollop of ice cream and the creme brûlée. I've had fried oreos before and these were pretty standard, just wish it came with more ice cream! The creme brûlée was heavenly. Perfect texture and consistency and super sweet. Great ending to a wonderful date night with my sister.Received a comment from the owner claiming one of the servers did not show up. Rather than apologize for the poor service and meal he made excuses. I understand if he admitted he was off his game but I don't accept excuses for a bad meal that we paid forWe had a wonderful experience from start to finish. We were greeted at the door by our waitress Kim whose e explanation and presentation of the menu was very informative. The dragon shrimp appetizer with and balanced. The scallop/seafood pasta had the best Diablo sauce I have ever had.
It was not just the house sauce with more heat thrown in it but was balanced and dedicated. To finish off the outstanding meal I chose the Lemoncello cake. This is a dining experience you don't  want to miss!Great food, great times! Steve always takes good care of us and the food is always excellent! Everyone working the floor is always super friendly and helpful! Looking forward to our next meat there and will absolutely recommend.This place hands down deserves 5 stars.  Being on south street the atmosphere is very up beat and fun...plus the byob aspect definitely adds to it! The service was great and the food was even better. Everything we ordered was delicious. Do not leave this place without trying...the wedge and calamari for apps, NY strip and tuna for main courses, and the limoncello cake and fried Oreos for dessert(obvi.) One of the best food experiences I've had in a while!