I feel the need to update this review based on an experience had here last evening.  The service was non-existent.  It took 15 minutes for water and someone to open our wine, 20 minutes to order, 20 more minutes for the soup, and then half of our group of foud were given their entrees and the other two waited 15 minutes for theirs.  Also, one of the late entrees was completely the wrong dish.  When this was brought to their attention they didn't even apologize.  It is one thing to be short staffed and acknowledge that the service is suffering and while I don't expect a fine dining experience at these establishments-- they did not apologize or even recognize that there was a problem with the timing/service.  Also-- portions were incredibly inconsistent.  One of our party got drunken noodles, which are ordered often and are always great but there was 1/3 of the usual size dish.  
I will not be back.Not the most decorated place, but great food, great hospitality...its BYOB so ensure you get your "stuff"...Thai sausage with the ginger julian is one of my favorite...decent menu...This place is amazing. I love all the food here. The place is a little small and sometimes the service gets backed up but overall worth it!I stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon. It was fairly empty but as the evening progressed more people came. The food is akin to your average Thai food. They have many options. Everything was fresh and a nice portion size. Price was average and expected. The spice levels were spot on! I appreciate this as some places try to tone down the spices for the American palate; however this place did not. I'd come back again.3 years ago, I couldn't stop coming to Erawan.  Now, I can hardly finish my dish because it's doused in sugar.  They also don't seem to want to listen when I ask for extra spicy.  Unfortunately, even a bunch of hot chillies may not be able to mask how sugary every single dish they serve has become, from the pad thai to their curries to their duck entree.After being at the chinatown location, I was skeptical when my friend picked this spot for her bday dinner, but it turned out a lot better than their other location. I'm confused why it was such an upgrade, as it's the same restaurant as the other location, but the food here was a lot more flavorful. 
We came with a huge group of 20 something people and they were pretty nice in dealing with our rowdy group of deliquents. I know it's very difficult for a kitchen to get 20 plates out at once but this place would get more like 3.5 stars if possible because some dishes came out 45 minutes before others and they were in the same "hot noodle dish" category. They had a full house and other large parties so its understandable, but 45 mins between similar dishes is pretty rough stuff.
The atmosphere was average and service were pretty nice, and it seemed clean enough. Nothing spectacular but I'd come back. Our food was pretty delicious so I have to hand it to them on stepping up their game there. I got pad see ew which definitely rocked and all my friends had nice looking plates. I was bitter with the other location's pad thai that only had half the normal ingredients, but this location included the usual tasty works. nice job guys. give the chinatown location some pointers.
Also, thanks for being byob and opening countless bottles of wine for us, as we waved bottles at random workers in far from sober states.Food here is good, but rude service and understaffed. The couple times I have taken out from Erawan I have been left standing by the front desk for at least 10 minutes without even being acknowledged (apparently the phone calls coming in were more important than a paying customer trying to pick up his food).Erawan Thai is delicious, affordable, and probably one of my favorite lunch destinations. 
Erawan is actually the first place I've tasted Thai cuisine. I've compared it to a handful of other restaurants in the neighborhood and still prefer it. Its kind of a monthly voyage to grab lunch here during work for me. I'd gladly walk across the walnut street bridge in the freezing cold to warm up with their three course lunch special. I prefer to eat in rather than bring it back to work with me, although its the same great taste without the relaxing atmosphere.
Erawan is a good choice  for grabbing a quick Thai lunch. I recommend the drunken noodles, they're totally my favorite.I have mixed feeling about Erawan.   I like the food here very much.  I think the service has a good heart.
The problem on my last two visits (both Friday nights) is that there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant.  Our dinner took about 2 hours from start to finish.
Just hire more service and this could be a 4-5 star place.Love the drunken noodle dish! Lovely personable service and food is always consistent.Most of the dishes my family and I had were below average at higher than average prices compared to my favorite Thai restaurants, and I left mildly unsatisfied.
The meal started off great with a Crispy Calimari appetizer (really like the batter, and the texture was perfect).  The chicken salad we ordered was decent, although a bit messy to eat the juicy ground chicken was tricky to eat off a plate with fork/chopsticks).  The entrees were the disappointing part of the evening.  The Tofu Pad Thai did almost no peanutty flavor, and for some reason, the tangyness reminded me more of ketchup than lime.  It didn't have the complex flavors/textures that I've had in other Pad Thai.  The Panang Beef was the stinker of the night.  We ordered it mild (perhaps that was our mistake, but we one of our party did not like spicy foods), and the curry tasted like they had taken a regular curry and just added a bunch of water.  It was thin and bland.  The beef also seemed a bit overcooked.  The Shrimp Asparagus was ok, but a bit one-note.
Additionally, READ YOUR BILL CAREFULLY!  At first we were handed a different table's much higher bill.  Once that snafu was corrected, and we got back our credit card receipt, we noticed that the receipt said "Pre-Tip Amount: $XX.XX" even though that price already included the %20 gratuity they had already added.  Sneaky!Service - great, the waiter ran after me to remind me to take my takeout 
Food - fine, the thai iced tea was great
Atmosphere - good, the rose on the table was realGod bless Erawan.  This modestly sized Thai restaurant allowed me to have a birthday dinner there for 27 guests on a Friday night.  The food was amazing, and the service was friendly and excellent.  They worked with me beforehand to iron out the details of this event, had our huge table ready on time, and didn't rush us out at the end of the night.  It was not easy to find a BYOB place with great prices and great food that would also accommodate a party this large, but Erawan came to the rescue.  Erawan, I will love you forever!  THANK YOU!3.5 stars.
This place has a really bizarrely basic decor, but the food was good and the prices were right.
The fiery beef salad was delicious and a really large portion compared to what I've had elsewhere.  The chicken thom yum noodle soup was also very good.   My friend had the beef pad see ew, which I thought was also really good.
This is by far not the best Thai place I have been to, but definitely solid so far.Pretty OK food relative to other thai places. Prices are above market though and service is soso... overall pretty average.I had so much fun at this place! Went for a friend's birthday party and they were very patient with us considering it was like 20 people at the table yelling, screaming and laughing like small children.
We came in with a bunch of wine (yes, another BYOB!), and plopped ourselves down in a table that consumed half the restaurant and were very excited to order. I found the menu to be rather extensive, and all options seemed pretty tasty.
I ended up trying a friend's crab rangoon appetizer and it was soo good! The pastry wasn't too thick so you mostly got cream cheese and crab and the dipping sauce was the right amount of spicy. My boyfriend also got a salad with a peanut dressing. I found it to be a pretty loaded salad, but the dressing was a bit flavorless.
For dinner I had the green curry, which if you like spicy food, you gotta try! It was so well seasoned and had lots of food piled in there. Ended up switching with a friend half way through to try his pad thai which was a great relief for my mouth. Also a very tasty option. Then i tried my boyfriend's Duck Fried Rice--amazing!! So flavorful and tasty. A really simple and delicious dish. The guy next to me also had something with duck which was also amazing. Seems like duck is the way to go here.
All in all, I had a great time, ate amazing food, and ended up paying $30 for a lotttttt of food--including the birthday girls. So worth it, so tasty, doing it again.Nothing special to see here unfortunately...
Pros:
Quiet space, nicely decorated dining area. 
Wide variety of things on the menu. 
BYOB
Cons:
Waitresses seemed in a rush to get us out and kept asking if they can take our food. 
At least three people came by and filled our water glasses literally after every sip of water
I had the lovers delight or something. The noodles weren't mixed with the vegetables or meat very well. The whole thing was kind of bland. The noodles very dry and stuck to each other. The chicken was the same quality you get at a corner take out chinese place. 
My friend had soup which was quite bland too and she didn't finish it. 
Definitely better food in the area and there is definitely better Thai food in Philly.Great thai restaurant at reasonable prices. 
I love their dinner special, which allows me to get a soup, dumplings, and an entree for less than $20. The food comes out quickly and is very delicious. I got the red curry last night, with "awakening" spice. (warning: awakening is quite spicy!!)
The service was great--quick, attentive, and friendly.Popped in for a late lunch and ordered the classic pad thai (chicken). The dish was way too sweet. It tasted as if two tablespoons of sugar had been dumped on top of the noodles. Moreover, the dish was too saucy. Not good. Thai food is about the balance of sweet, sour, salty, and bitter. The pad thai was out of whack.Not sure why this place has such low reviews, Erawan has consistently fresh and delicious Thai food. I've dined in and gotten take out from Erawan numerous times, never a bad experience. I've traveled throughout Thailand and dined in numerous Thai restaurants in center city, this is my top go to for this area of Philly.the lunch specials here are insanely good! i just got back from lunch and im happily satiated!
im always pretty full after the salad and soup, and so i bring most of my entree home. the drunken noodles are quite good as is the bamboo chicken entree. and this place is a byo! i love byo! my best friends and i  bring wine here and just have a girls lunch! it is really enjoyable!
this is my default place for good thai food. thai food in california (where i am from) is cheap and tasty, and erawan is comparably delicious!I've been eating Erawan for years! I really like the Panang Curry and the Drunken noodle, the coconut soup, and the spring rolls. I think everything on the menu is probably great. I love that it's BYOB and the service is always really friendly. The only issue I've ever run into is long-ish waits for delivery, but trust me- it's well worth the wait! Everything tastes so fresh and it's really not expensive relative to other places. The portions are huge- you should definitely have leftovers. The restaurant is pretty small and it can get packed pretty quick but they definitely hold it down and give good service every time!Erawan is one of the best Thai places in the center city area and is fairly priced (not cheap and not expensive).  I always order the Tom Yum soup with chicken and Drunken Noodles.  The entrée sizes are pretty good, my boyfriend and I are able to split one dish when we go there.  Or if we each order one we always have leftovers for the next day. Also as a plus, Erawan is  also BYOB and we were not charged a cork-age fee last time we dined in.  Lastly, the restaurant ambience is nice.Pretty authentic thai food.  A few of the waiters could barley speak english so you know its legit.  The mango duck special was amazing and the seafood dish was very solid.  BYOB is always a plus.  Give this a try, good prices, good food, byobI have been to Erawan once before, and so far, the food has been decent. I ordered Pan Thai with chicken to go, and though the chicken was sparse, the dish was fairly good. But I have two major complaints about my most recent experience:
1) Immediately upon opening the food, I found a black hair on a piece of chicken. I got takeout, so I decided to just eat the food anyhow. 
2) I also ordered Thai Ice Tea to go. While drinking, I bit down on what I thought was ice. Nope. Turns out it was a piece of hard, red plastic! I have no idea what it came from, but pretty horrible to find in your drink. 
I will never be returning to Erawan after this terrible experience. Be warned if you decide to go: who knows what else you will find in your dinner!Delicious food and good service. Loved the summer rolls with peanut sauce and a brown sauce! Also, the mango with sticky rice was absolutely Indulgent. Overall, It was a good experience!I have been here three or four times now and each time I have had a good meal.  The food is very consistent and the wait staff is friendly.  At one of my visits, they seated a very large group and even though it is a small restaurant, they seemed to handle it well.
I absolutely love Thai food, which makes Philadelphia kind of an unfortunate place for me to be living.  By Philadelphia standards of Thai food, Erawan probably deserves four stars, but I am reserving a star because I think the food is too salty and the cost is a bit high.Yum.  Just divine!  I love the Sum Tom here, as well as the Pad Thai.  If you are looking for great service, great prices, and the ability to bring your own booze, look no further!  Having grown up in Thailand, I was beyond delighted to find this diamond in the rough.  An authentic menu paired with excellent service and prices has had me returning at least once a month for the past year.   Try this place out - you will not regret it!Their lunch specials used to be a GREAT deal--attentive service, good food. For between $7.95 veg to $10.95 fish/duck, you'd get a nice 'Erawan' salad with peanut dressing, choice of app or soup, and a main. However the last two times we've been for lunch, service has been nonexistent and the quality of the food now reflects what you pay. Sorry, not a deal anymore!
SERVICE
Expect AT LEAST a 1 hour wait to get through your courses during the height of lunch between noon and 1pm, longer for larger group. In between waiting for the kitchen to prep for take-out orders and shortage of staff, food moves sloooowly. And despite diligently taking our order with specific instructions (dressing on the side, no tofu in main, 2 pepper spicy), no instructions were followed. For every course, one different person in our group of four waited especially long for his/her order so that everyone else had finished his/her food. The table across from us experienced worse so much so that one person called on the manager to make his complaint known (apparently some people in the group had waited 30 minutes for their entree alone).
FOOD
The food reflects the price. The Erawan salad has shrunk to 1/3 of its old size and now is sad looking handful of iceberg, exactly one cherry tomato, and exactly one slice of cucumber that the restaurant should just be rid of instead of putting out as a salad to the detriment of its reputation. My vegetable wonton soup was 2 wontons and a handful of cabbage (the vegetables part).  Carb dishes like noodles or fried rice are all carb doused in one-note sweet (overly) sauce with vegetables substituted by...guess what? Cabbage.  My Pad See Eew was sweetened rice noodles with cabbage. Everyone else at my table ordered a different curry with the consensus that the respective curries were watery and flavorless, though sweet. Past times I've ordered salmon and fried tilapia that tasted strongly of freezer burn (yes, the fish is frozen). I've also ordered Rad Nar where the wide rice noodles--a trademark of the dish--had ran out and were substituted by something else without letting me know until it arrived in front of me. As I've mentioned, vegetables are conspicuously absent in carb dishes with the exception of cabbage.
I've been a fan of Erawan's lunch specials for the past 8 years, and though the quality of their lunch specials have steadily gone down, the past few dining experiences I have had--consistently long extended negligent service + mediocre/bad food means that I won't be going back anytime soon.
Note: This review is specific to lunch; I believe they are more careful with their dinner preparation and again, the higher charges for dinner entrees reflect in the quality of the food (i.e. same dish ordered at lunch vs. dinner will be different in quality and be priced accordingly).Really nice date night :) we had the dinner 3 course special (spring rolls, Tom yum soup, shrimp drink noodles) along with red curry grilled salmon, calamari and mango + lychee juice. Our favourite was the drunken noodles and their juices are quite good. Lychee juice with real lychees mmmmm  and served cutely with straw paper shaped like a heart and rose  Experienced friendly service and well displayed food. Only improvement is our meal was not served as hot as we would have liked. Overall, we would go again! Lots on the menu to discover still.The food here is great and makes up for a lack of atmosphere...we went last week and had the fresh veggie spring rolls, pad see ew and one of the curry dishes (can't remember which one) and it totally hit the spot. Service is decent, nothing special but not bad. It's a BYO, though isn't really advertised  as one. We brought Thai Singha and thought it was great that the glasses they brought out for us to use had the brand's logo on them for a good match.We arrived late for lunch, but the hostess was pleasant and accommodating. We sat in the window, where the couple next to us were dining on a Pad Thai and Ginger dish. I ordered the lunch special, including the salad and coconut soup. The yellow tofu curry was terrific, and they attempted to meet my wife's dietary restrictions. As other reviews said, the staff is super friendly and welcoming. I would like to come back for supper or another event.Sorry to have to downgrade Erawan, but after another order or two I can say that it's a bit pricier than other (arguably better) Thai delivery places. The papaya salad is good, but often VERY watery, and the last time came with one sorry shrimp on top. Plus, my friend tried their pad thai, and it was pretty tasteless and had no peanuts on it. No longer my top choice (but if you're in the area, not a bad option).Most amazing Thai food and servers I've ever had ! The green tea ice cream is literally impeccable.  Every single  curry dish has great flavors I personally enjoy the green curry with chicken. The staff actually take the time to get to know you personally and genuinely , you're treated with a higher level of respect and gratitude.I absolutely love this place because the staff is always friendly and the food is delicious.  The lunch specials are a real bargain ($6.95 for appetizer and a full entree) and I have come here many times for dinner and have gotten delivery and take-out.  The ultimate pad thai is very good but sometimes, it's a bit dry.  I like my pad thai a little bit moist.  The drunken noodles and pad see ew (or however you spell it) are good too.  Their tom yum soup is very flavorful and the appetizers (e.g., spring rolls) are good.  The staff are a group of Thai ladies who are very friendly.  They charge a $3 delivery charge to University City but now that I'm in Center City, I won't have to pay it!  It's also BYO and it gets very busy for dinner.  I've also tried the green curry which is very good and spicy and the holy basil supreme and Royal Rama Chicken are both very good.  The prices are a bit high for dinner but they make up for it in big portion sizes.  I've tried a lot of Thai places in Philly and this is one of my favorites.I order this for delivery via grubhub.com.  I always find their delivery to be quick. So far I've only tried the chicken Pad Thai. That was okay, a bit one note, and lacking in vegetables. I really enjoyed their banana rolls dessert. It reminded me of a favorite filipino dessert called turon. Very reasonably priced and it looks like they have a great lunch 3 course deal. Will definitely come back.For a busy city dweller with a take out craving for Thai food this always does the trick. 
Fast delivery, food arrives hot, and the royal rama chicken is maybe one of my favorite dishes in the city.
You should get the appetizer sampler - it has all the good stuff on it and can be a meal itself. Red curry is great, and even better as leftovers the next day. One of my favorite things to do is order an extra half-pint of peanut sauce and use in my own cooking later in the week. 
I can order from my iPad in between work emails. City dwelling doesn't get better than this.Probably my fave Thai in the city. Why?
- super friendly staff 
- super quick delivery / service
- the spicy chicken salad is so fresh and delicious I want to make out with the chef
- reasonably priced for good portion sizes
- excellent selection
- great option if you're on jury duty ESP as the lunch special is an amazing deal
- one of the nicer places to east in Chinatown (read: not a dive) and it's byo!
In summary, go there and eat great food.
The end.Part of my job entails processing expenses.  Week in and week out, one of our HR Generalist, Bob, hands in reciepts from this place to expense.  No joke, he's there (at a minimum) about twice a week for business lunches.  He took me last week and now I know why he's so obsessed with Erawan...
During your typical Center City Philly lunch rush, most places are hard to find a table.  This place must be the Thai communities little secret because it was calm, welcoming and we were seated right away.  I try never to look at prices when ordering food because if you're going to treat yourself to anything in life, food should be first on the list.  However, my boss was treating me and I didn't want to order anything too expensive.  Well, that was near impossible since all of the prices are relatively close across the board... and way way affordable.  I think the lunch menu was around $7.95 or $8.95 per person and it wasn't just a single dish.  I ordered Red Curry Chicken... and it came with this... and it came with that... and before I knew it I was eating a three course meal for lunch!  Everything was great and if I have one suggestion for tea lovers, go with the ginger tea.  It had a bit of a spice to it but it hit the spot.
In regards to decor... it wasn't anything lavish but you can't judge a small place like this based on decor.  In fact, I found it to be relaxing.  If it were a Steven Star restaurant, that would be completely different and the bill would have been 5x's bigger.
So, try this place out.  If you're a Thai fan, I'm sure you'll like it and if not, it won't burn a whole in your pocket.  This is definitely one of my new little secret spots...We were in search of a Thai restaurant in Philly to host a birthday party for a group of 37 people.  Pat was so wonderful to work with.  She made it very easy to order and helped us create a perfect family style menu with enough variety to please everyone!  The staff was extremely accommodating of our large and loud group!  In addition,  the food and service were exceptional!  When it was time to cut the cake, Pat even lit the candles, took photos and struck up the birthday song.  We can't say thanks enough.  It was a great night!  Definitely check this place out if you are looking for good food and friendly service!I used to love Erawan, but at the restaurant last night, while we were ordering our food, I saw a mouse running across the floor! Right in the middle of the restaurant!! I said to the waiter, "I just saw a mouse!" He kept on smiling and ignored what I had said. Is the sighting of a mouse so routine that it calls for no response? Wow. I think I'll be eating elsewhere from now on.
UPDATE:12/2/16: They cleaned the place up since the mouse siting. The floor is much cleaner, and I haven't seen any more mice running around! On the weekends at night, it's pretty noisy, but not unbearably so. Large, boisterous parties drinking lots of beer tend to get LOUD, but hey, it's the UPenn crowd.This is a great place for lunch. The price ranges from $8-$10 for lunch! The place gets packed during 12-1, so i suggest going after 1. My coworker had the mango chicken- don't get it. It was in a white suace and very bland! Nothing wowing about it. The pad thai is good and so is the red and green curry.My delivery order was messed up, but the owner Patt sincerely cared. My whole meal was refunded. Thank you PattFirst time eating Thai and I enjoyed it. I like that this place is BYOB and very quiet and chill. Will definitely be going back.Kinda odd, they didn't seat our party of three for a good 15-20 minutes because they were waiting for a specific table by the window.....despite other free tables in the restaurant.
The wait time for the food was a little on the long side.  I had the Chicken Curry Dumplings and Drunken Noodles, both good but nothing to write home about.  The best part is that it's BYO.
I'm sure this place is a decent take-out spot.One of my favorite places in the city for Thai.  The food is great and they are able to accommodate large parties.  Recently I made reservations for 18 people with no problem and they offered a 3 course menu of appetizer, salad/soup and entree for only 15.95.  The service was fast and friendly and they let us bring our own birthday cake and had candles for us.  The only issue I had was that it was a bit hot in the restaurant, but they did have a circulating fan going.My first Thai experience and I will be back. You gotta try the golden bags. Delicious! Place was busy, and if you like your food spicy, they will make it that way. Just be careful. :)Food was very good. I will be going back this weekend. Best tasting thai so far in the Philadelphia/ Bensalem area.Great delivery service and consistently good food. We have always been happy with their service and quality of the food.Love this place! Service is always great and the food is even better. Casual BYOB great for dates or just hanging out with friends. My go-to Thai place.We got two Pad Thai orders for takeout - one beef and one vegetarian. Pad Thai itself was good, not great, but the beef was terrible... very dry and tough, and the dish was better without it. The beef pad Thai was also ordered to be spicy, and the cooks simply added red pepper flakes, which was not very creative and was a pretty weak attempt for a Thai restaurant. This place is not worth it, but the Erawan in Chinatown is much better.Erawan does some good solid Thai food.
I enjoyed the drunken noodles and the duck was also rich and well cooked. The starter we got, one of the salads, had a delicious blend of flavours, so much so that we were borderline considering drinking the juices left at the bottom of the dish.
Staff were extremely sweet when we left a card behind. Really nice place to have in the neighbourhood.Erawan is a treat! The atmosphere is warm and cozy, the staff is welcoming and on top of things.  My boyfriend and I both got curry with chicken, and picked the second level of spiciness called "Awakening" on the menu.  Just  enough spice to feel a zing but not to where your eyes tear up. There was a rose on our table which we liked a lot too.  Parking is a bit of a hassle, I had to park in a lot, but it was $5 so not terribly expensive to park.Erawan is my favorite average priced Thai restaurant in the area. Great for eating in or taking out, the food is ALWAYS awesome.This was the first time I ever went to Erawan and I truly loved it. I love that its a small hidden gem in the city, and its BYOB so what better! The servers were so kind, and immediately without asking the waiter came up to us and opened our wine bottle so we could start our night! I do think this place should be renovated into something more modern but I do love the comfy feeling that it gives off now. I recommend going to this place its worth it!I always come here when I'm in Philadelphia. Great service. The curries are delicious with enough fresh vegetables. Massaman and Penang the best curries. Coconut soup fresh. Thai fresh rolls are delicious. Never had pad Thai but I'm sure it is good!We love Erawan!  My first Thai experience. :)  Great place for lunch, very kind, hardworking staff.  Also, the place is cute and cozy!  I've never had anything here that I didn't like.  Drunken noodles, mango chicken are two that I really enjoy.  Also, I highly HIGHLY recommend the fried pork dumplings to start.  They are super delicious.Not recommended，if you are looking for authentic delicious Thai food. I went here a couple of months ago, it was good at that time. However, right now the food is awful: the drunken noodle my wife and I have ordered, the scallop is cold inside,taste raw. And for the yellow curry, and Tom yum soap, the veggies are not cooked enough to, it was like put salad inside the hot water and hand to you.My first review of this place was only 4 stars because they slapped on a 20% gratuity for a group of 5, but now that I've been there a couple times, I just had to change the rating because they are consistently good. I'm blown away by their $15.95 three course dinner set menu and their consistency time and time again. Everything thus far has been good, and I will go so far as to say that no San Francisco (my hometown) Thai place beats Erawan. Btw, the Vegetable Tofu Soup and the Holy Basil Supreme entree is very yummy. Great place to catch up with old friends, go on a date (low red glowing light), or even by yourself. Service is wonderful each time. Oh, and the sweet sticky rice mango dessert is perfect. I highly recommend this placeI have eaten so much pizza from Rustica that I'm about to start hating it, so I decided to try a new takeout joint. I was pleasantly surprised by Erawan and they have earned themselves a position in my regular rotation.
I had the Holy Basil Supreme with chicken, which is what they call Thai Basil Chicken. It was really good- not too sweet or spicy, very garlicy and the flavors balanced well. I got both dinner and breakfast out of one order. Chad had the Pad Thai, which was good, but not the best I've had. He asked for it spicy and it actually was, amazing! We also got some Edamame, which I thought was a little overpriced for the size of the serving. 
When we ordered they said it would take an hour, but it only took about 30 minutes. 
Over all, everything tasted fresh and we'll be exploring more of their menu in the future.Panang Curry.  Bangin.  Also, sampler for an appetizer is delish.  I fell in love with Thai food in Thailand, and when I taste the curry sauce, I close my eyes and it takes me back to Bangkok...Have eaten in the restaurant a few times, wait staff is courteous and attentive.  Online ordering is easy too and delivery is prompt.I've been eating here for 3+ yrs and it's still my fave Thai in CC. I primarily get take out, and have experienced some long wait times for food to come out of the kitchen when dining in, but always friendly and accommodating staff. I prefer yelp reviews to be food quality over one bad service experience. So five effing stars.The food here is PHENOMINAL!!! If you want authentic Thai food, this is the place to go! The food quality is great, portions are good, and the flavors are orgasmic. My only complaint is that this place gets super crowded at times and it looks semi uncomfortable to dine during those times (I always get takeout). And the prices could be a little lower. This is my go to place and I would be perfectly happy if this was only Thai place I went to for the rest of my life.
On a side note, if you like outdoor dining, they have a few small tables outside. It's on the corner and in a really nice areaThai cuisine! Who never does that? Best Asian food ever! Gotta get the seafood soup with lemon grass and their calamari for appetizer, then go with fried rice with crab meat and mango juice, really delicious.. Even though their mango juice isn't pure but it was okay, since i love mango. :D Price is average and they serve the food pretty fast so, i really highly recommended to whoever love Thai cuisine, worth to try!I turned to Erawan for takeout on a colleague's recommendation. He warned me that not everything at Erawan was good and that I should order a few things just in case. 
I followed my colleagues advice and ordered FIVE different dishes - appetizer, soup, pad thai, a side, and a dessert. But every single one of them was terrible. 
The good news was that I had a bite of each, so my hunger was sated. The bad news is that I wasted a ton of food. 
And dishes! For some reason they delivered my takeout with clay dishes and a real napkin and silverware. Very odd! Since I was staying in a hotel, I had no choice but to throw them a way, which was a real shame. 
All in all, an extremely wasteful and unsatisfying meal.As stated in my previous review, I use to LOVE erawan. My cousin and I both ate there or got delivery as much as once a week. Unfortunately last time we ordered, we had an awful experience. The chicken in the same dish we order every single time was simply not good. Brown, slimy and not of their usual perfect quality. We would've gotten sick had we ate it. When we called, the woman was unbelievably rude. She disagreed, made excuses, and was insanely unprofessional for a business owner. She refused to give a refund, and offered a $5 coupon. Then offered 50% off next meal. When we said we'd take a 50% she agreed with "fine," and quickly hung up. No surprise, no refund was ever given. 
It's so disappointing because we've been customers for years and it was truly my favorite Thai in philly. But after the unpleasant experience I'll never eat there again.I somehow found myself here after stops at Rum Bar, Monks, and my friend's apartment, which meant I was several varieties of intoxicated (and hungry). 
I didn't realize at the time, but we walked in shortly before closing. The staff didn't mind, and sat us immediately. Yummy spring rolls came out relatively quickly, followed by entrees...I had the Pad Prik King with tofu. Very flavorful and fresh tasting...among the better Thai dishes I've had in the city. Its BYO, and they accommodated nicely (oh yea, we brought beer too...long night!). 
Even though we were the last people in the restaurant, they didn't seem annoyed, nor did they try to shoo us out the door. I hate being "that guy" so I appreciate it when people are gracious. The only bad part was that I forgot my leftovers at my friend's place...oh well, hope you enjoyed them dude.
I hope to dine here again...only earlier, and more soberly.In town for a week for a conference. First night I was here I got Thai from Jasmine Rice -- pretty good Thai. Tonight I decided to try Erawan --- BAD DECISION! I got shrimp red curry --- Shrimp were any BUT fresh and disgusting. The curry tasted like it came from a mix at the grocery store. Lastly - the Tom Yum soup was so so but definitely not worth 8 bucks.  WORST Thai I have ever had. BummerI've been there twice now and had the exact same thing both times (it was that good the first time).  I ordered the Larb Kai (spicy lemongrass chicken salad) with sticky rice and Tom Yum Soup.  The first time around, everything was great.  The salad was perfectly spicy and flavorful, the sticky rice was sticky but pliable, and the soup was light and delicious.  
The second time around, the soup was still just as good.  However, the Larb Kai was not nearly as spicy or flavorful and the sticky rice seemed to have been left out for awhile.  Not to mention it was still wrapped in plastic wrap on a plate when it came out even though it had been originally steamed in a banana leaf.  
The service got to me the second time around.  Not that it was terrible, but it was definitely below average.  They brought out two of the three person's first courses without the third.  Normally that's fine as long as you bring out the third right away.  It was another five minutes for the third person's first course.  For the main courses, the same person's main course was missing for roughly 3 minutes.  If you're going to not bring someone's food out on each course, at least make the customers take turns!  
I will go back again because the first time was very good.  Hopefully they can make some changes by then.We ate at Erawan for the first time last night.  The food is absolutely phenomenal.  As I read the yelp reviews while waiting for my friends to arrive, I began to get nervous about the service.  (We ate at the restaurant.)  It turned out to be quick, efficient and very friendly.  I will go back again and again.BYO, good food, was actually semi-full on a tuesday night.  At first I thought the portions were small, but I actually got pretty full towards the end.  Had their 16$ special: appetizer, soup, and pad thai.  Overall, its pretty cozy and I enjoyed my time there.Always stop in here whenever I'm in town for the Flower Show.  Good soups and curries and along with Smile Cafe are the only two Thai places that seem to be decent in Philly (per my friends, they tell me good Thai is hard to find in the city, though it does exist in the suburbs).
Decent Thai and like the cuisine, very reasonably priced.Try their drunken noodles, best ones around. Also, make sure you tell them how spicy you like it. I have never dined inside here, just take-out. I would get delivery, but they take a ridiculous amount of time. (I live two blocks away and they quoted me an hour and a half. No, thank you.Very little food for what we paid. Also, price on menu different than price on receipt. We also went to eat there one night to find that they had no working A/C.It had been a very crazy day, and by the time 6pm rolled around and my bf had come home from work I was in no position to make dinner. He, either out of laziness or seeing an opportunity, suggested take out and we turned to Erawan's menu, which conveniently had been dropped off at our brownstone that day.
We called them and ordered the shrimp fresh thai spring rolls (rice paper with fresh vegetables & vermicelli noodle served with homemade special sauce & crushed peanut), the rama chicken (sautéed chicken with yellow curry powder, chili paste with steamed broccoli glazed with peanut sauce), and the holy basil supreme (sautéed basil leaves mixed with vegetables, tofu, onion, and bell pepper in hot chili sauce). As my bf was finishing up ordering, a look of panic appeared and he mouthed to me, "One hour wait," but at that point, having already ordered everything, we opted to just wait even though we were starving by the time the food arrived (it took a bit longer than an hour).
The food itself was pretty good. The shrimp rolls were the only disappointing dish; it was just too plain tasting, other rolls of that type I've had before have been far better. And the sauces it came with tasted kind of off. But the rama chicken and basil supreme were tasty. The chicken was a bit overcooked, and the tofu was WAAAAY too fried and not the best quality, but the sauces made up for that. Erawan doesn't get 4 stars because the food was late, and by that point a little cold. I'll probably order from them again, especially since there aren't too many Indian places around, and just call at a time when they will probably be less busy.I've been eating here for the past few years and have rarely been disappointed.  My favorite dish, hands-down, is the crispy duck, superseded only in recent years by the pineapple angel duck (which is basically the crispy duck with pineapple...perfect addition!).  The duck is crispy and savory, and the basil curry sauce adds just enough heat to balance the pineapple in the dish.  For desert, the mango coconut sticky rice is a must try.  The rice is sweet, creamy, and just the right amount of sticky.  I wasn't a fan at first of serving it with unripened mango, but somehow it all works together.  Today, I tried their Pad See-Ew with pork for the first time, and it was exactly what I needed to satisfy my noodle craving.  It was warm, savory, and perfectly cooked to order (not microwaved as at some other places I've been lately.)  I paired it with the coconut soup as part of the lunch special and the whole thing came in just under $10...and the noodle portion was huge!  My only complaint about the soup is that the chicken is always overdone, but my guess is that they don't account for the additional cooking in the hot soup.  The soup itself is warm, savory, comforting, and just a tad bit sweet...also one of my favorites.  If you have room, I also highly recommend the Thai Iced Coffee...it's thick and sweet, just perfect for a summer day.Ordered delivery from this location and after waiting for over a hour and a half... the pork drunken noodles came with chicken instead, the papaya salad that was supposed to come with shrimp and had also ordered and paid for an extra skewer of shrimp had ONE shrimp, and the pad Thai with chicken was only noodles and tofu with a few pieces of chicken... will not recommend or ever go back. Tried to contact the location about the order and they were unwilling to fix the order or refund for the meals being incorrect... spent $50 for nothing...This place sucked, I did take out once, and that would be the last time I order anything from there. Everything was so bland, even Chinese Sang Kee has a better Thai dishes.Love it.  Wonton soup and papaya salad are amazing.  Currys are good,  but I didn't like the massaman one.I've only done takeout, although I lived maybe a block and a half away. The customer service is nice, the woman was very friendly. Our first order included barbecue chicken (delicious! I love the chili sauce) and my boyfriend had the chicken dish with peanut sauce, which became his #1 dish for subsequent orders. 
Unfortunately, the next two orders seemed to decline in quality and we were forced to stop ordering from them, seeing that each order set us back about $35. I do recommend them, however, and maybe one day I'll actually eat in.Went with four friends and ate at the restaurant. Service was horrible and it took over an hour for them to bring us our food. Everyone's dish was not impressive, including the ultimate pad thai and the mango chicken. Would not recommend nor come here againGood, cheap, Thai food. Pretty good (but not amazing) and very convenient with large portions.Tofu pad Thai was very bland and tofu red curry was very salty. I usually prefer fried tofu in both of these dishes but they used the soft tofu. The prices weren't that great either considering the quality of the food.The food at Erawan is pretty standard Thai food. It's tasty, no doubt, but you can find food like it at almost any Thai restaurant. What truly makes Erawan stand out is its prices and service. The least expensive dinner entrees cost $11.95. At other Thai places, I can usually find similar meals for $9 or less. It's in Rittenhouse Square, so I was willing to give it a break on that. To add insult to injury, immediately after I paid my check, the waitress asked us to leave so that they could give the table to someone else! I looked at my clock and found that we'd been there a total of 70 minutes. It's not like we had been loitering around all day. I've never before been to a place that asked me to leave the instant that I paid my tip. Needless to say, I won't be returning here. There are a lot of other Thai places in Philadelphia with both lower prices and more polite service.The food was superb and the service was even better! I am a fan forever and will come back every time I am in the area!Probably my favorite BYO in Philly!  Great Pad Thai and always a great place to start the night with some friends.Service was absolutely great! They make you feel really welcome.
Pad thai was OK, chicken fried rice was great! Their dinner special of app, salad and entree is really generous. Not my all time favorite thai, but the service and menu will have me coming back often.Service great, see devote good, food good       When the say level 2 spicy they mean volcanic. I can't imagine what volcanic is. I Iove spicy by the way.Erawan has the worst service I've ever experienced. I arrived here shortly after 7pm and did not receive my food until now, almost 9pm. I watched 3 separate tables receive their food & finish when they arrived after myself and my ONE guest. My friend had to ask for a refill 4 separate times. The food was medicore; my pad thai was lacking veggies and my thai tea was mostly cream, hardly any tea. I will not be returning. Go to pataya on 40th street for better food and better service.Went to the city for some Thai and while it was decent, I wasnt overly impressed with the Thai.  And yes I've had plenty of Thai before.  Fairly priced for city food however.Erawan is a great Thai restaurant. I have been there twice now, and enjoyed myself both times!
The food is tasty and reliable. Every person I have gone with liked their food. I get the Chicken Drunken Noodles (as I usually get at Thai restaurants), and they were warm and flavorful. 
Both times I went to Erawan were for BYOs. The place can be a bit loud because of all the young people BYOing. But I would describe it as lively and not overwhelming. The staff is quick and courteous. 
I definitely recommend Erawan for an enjoyable dinner or BYO. Be sure to check in on Yelp to get a free appetizer!!Was here for the first time last night, with my wife, cousin, and cousin's boyfriend, whose restaurant choices I trust. I definitely liked the vibe here - sort of homey, not too crowded even at 6:30 on Friday, a little off the beaten path, but still close to everything. 
I had the catfish and I really liked it. Was spicy enough, yet not too spicy. Again it wasn't too busy, so I didn't feel like we were getting moved through and pushed out. The only downside was getting food was a little slow, and some people that came in before us got their dinner first. Besides that I'd definitely come back here.Always twice as long a wait as they say. Delivery almost two hours. OverpricedI had a horrible experience here! We were waiting 40 minutes for my online order pick up(ordered 20 min before we reached).Then they messed up my order:only gave two dishes instead of three.The worst bit was one of us is strictly vegetarian and had specified that in the order very clearly but still got chicken in the dish!
Never do online ordering here!Terrible experience!Recently picked up 3 entrees from here for take out and it was the best experience I have had here.  The standard Fried Appetizers always are disappointing (Shame on me that I continue to order) and once when they were full we said we could bundle up a bit and sit outside, but the service staff continually forgot about us. Inside, the service suffers at times as well, but you always eventually get what you need.   Happy to have this place near my boyfriends when My Thai is too far, but not the best Thai in town.The oldest Thai restaurant in Philadelphia - Erawan - is also one of the best.  I guess you could interpolate a causal relativity in that statement as well - "because Erawan is so good, it has survived to become the oldest Thai restaurant in Philadelphia."  Erawan is located on the western edge of Center City Philadelphia and has developed both a loyal lunch and dinner following.  I had been there for dinner before but recently enjoyed my very first lunch there.  The key word in that statement is enjoyed.  The food was wonderful.  I started off with golden tofu served with a sweet and sour chili sauce.  Excellent!  The Thai salad with peanut sauce that followed deserves the same adjective.  And then came the totally tasty Pad Woon Sen.  This famous mung bean noodle vegetarian dish had flavor bursting out from every bite.  And the homemade chili hot sauce enhanced the flavors.  Service was pleasant and efficient - water glasses refilled several times.  
Erawan is so good that I think it is going to stay the oldest Thai restaurant in Philadelphia for a long while to come!Decided to order here on Friday night thanks to a Seamless Web special of 20% off.... I had ordered from here previously and had not been blown away, but figured for the right price, I'd be willing to give them another shot.
I ordered the Shrimp Green Curry and the Shrimp Rolls....the curry was delicious! I only wish there was more of the sauce to absorb the rice... it came with 5-6 large shrimp, all were flavorful!
The shrimp rolls left something to be lacking...very bland, not much flavor, and the sauce it came with totally overpowered the actual roll.
It took a little over an hour for delivery.. and the curry was still very hot when it was delivered.Hands down the best Thai I've ever had in Philly!!! The green curry fried rice was amazing and my friend also had the pad Thai which was delicious!My bf and I LOVE this place.  Neither of us live in the Philly area full-time anymore but whenever we're back, we try to go here.  I usually order the chicken kaprow and he gets the cashew chicken.  Both are great.  We've tried their mango sticky rice and crispy banana desserts and both are delicious.  We love that they give you both sweetened condensed milk any honey to dip the fried banana rolls in!  Definitely the best dessert of any other Thai place I've tried anywhere.  And this place is a BYOB...what more could you want?!?  Prices are reasonable and the staff is always friendly, attentive, and efficient too!Good Thai place. Quick delivery time. One of the Thai places which you can rely on to get your orders right.
Had the green curry and basil fried rice. Fried rice was a bit too mild but can't blame them as spice level can vary from place to place. Green curry was a little too spicy, but overall the food tasted good.
Prices are a bit more than usual Thai places but not too steep. Would choose this one over other Thai places for overall value as compared to other Thai places.
Can improve a bit on how dishes taste.Today, we called about dinner seating for a group of 12 in half an hour. Not only were they gracious enough to do so, the food came out in a timely manner. This place always delivers! And such gracious staff too! I also like the ambience.I order from Erawan Thai so much that the delivery driver is my friend (insert Big Daddy joke). This is my #1 go to delivery restaurant on GrubHub. I probably order from here once a week AT LEAST. I should just get a part time job at this place because I love it so much. My order pretty much stays the same, but I have tried a few different things. Absolute best dish is the Pad See Ew with a little spice. I also really like the crab rangoon because they are very light and fluffy - not heavy and filling like other asian restaurants. Believe it or not, the chicken wings here would win an award against a lot of other wing places in the city. The sauce is perfect and the chicken is crispy and fresh. I also enjoy the fried bananas with condensed milk - I could eat these for breakfast and dessert every day. Other notable dishes are the Pad Thai and Penang Curry. I've actually never been to the restaurant to eat in-house... apparently it's a BYO! I should probably check it out at some point, but really love this restaurant for my Sunday's on the couch. The delivery is also extremely fast. I live in grad hospital and delivery usually arrives in less than 30 minutes. Probably because the driver memorized my address by now :)The food was very good. A nice menu with a lot of selection. I had the chicken basil supreme. It was just the right amount of spicy. The portions are large as well. The service was good - not that we needed much - but they refilled my water a lot which was nice because I was thirsty. Sat in the back by the mirror - dont know why any restaurant would have a mirror. So distracting! Otherwise nice atmosphere. It got busy though and the table next to us was too loud but thats a byo in philly for you. Also we occasionally got cold from the draft of the front door even in the back so highly recommend staying away from the front door in the winterFood was amazing. We had the yellow curry and the Penang curry with the eggplant salad! 
 The service took awhile and would have been better if we took advantage of the byob
You may be super frustrated waiting but the food was worth it to me!I love their fried chicken dumplings appetizer and their mango fried rice, as well as the Thai iced tea. However in terms of quality, the dishes are all just all right. The flavors are strong and may not be for everyone.My friend and I came to Erawan for a late lunch a couple of days ago, and it was A-OK!
From 11am to 3pm one can order from a lunch menu, which includes one's choice of an entree with either an appetizer or a bowl of soup, and a salad. I chose the green curry with shrimp with a bowl of tom yum soup and a Thai salad, and everything was tasty! My friend chose the salmon, also with a bowl of tom yum soup and the creamy salad, all of which she said was also tasty. And I had an iced Thai coffee as well, which was refreshing.
The service was lacking, though. The server seemed impatient as we placed our orders, and wasn't friendly in the least. She also brought out the check before I had even finished eating. That said, I do realize that service standards are relative to the establishment, and that one must adjust one's expectations accordingly, but given their location and claim to be "fine," I held them to the same standards as other restaurants in the area.
So if you are looking for an all-around pleasant dining experience, I would recommend Smile Cafe, which is a couple of blocks away.Very disappointed. We ordered pad tai and pineapple fried rice and the food was very dry. For the price, I do no recommend.Food gets a 4, service gets a 2.
My coworkers adore this place for lunch, and it is a decent special, so we go probably twice a month. The quality of the food is consistent, though the portions rarely are, which is strange.  Last week the portions were perfect for one....today 3 of us could have shared one meal. Whatever I guess, as long as I don't go hungry.
The service is lacking.  I will give them credit in that I've never once in 5 years seen an order get messed up. However, you best not get thirsty because your chances of flagging a waitress to get a refill are quite slim.  That might not be a bad thing though, since I've had more than my share of dirty glasses here.  Also, for some reason they seat parties on top of each other, even if the place is otherwise empty. Kind of annoying.  
Overall, the price and consistency of food are what keep us coming back.I was pleasantly surprised about this place! Finally a decent Thai place! :)
I recommend getting the Penang Curry (with chicken). This is always my favorite at any Thai restaurant and this place did not disappoint. The herbs and flavors were very bold but not overwhelming. It came with basil, bell peppers, and broccoli (a little weird) and it was great with rice. The drunken noodles (pad kee mao) was decent but not typical of other restaurants I've tried. Eating the noodles alone tasted pretty typical but it had quite a medley of untypical veggies (snow peas, baby corn, broccoli, bell peppers) which gave it a different taste. I don't think I like this better than the typical way I've had it but it was still a good noodle dish.
Outside, this restaurant doesn't look like it offers much but the decor inside is very cute. The service was great and the place overall was pretty clean. I'll definitely come again :)I live right across the street so I figured I'd try it out. Not the worst thai food I've had but also not the best. I've found their rice and the noodles in my pad thai to be somewhat dry every time I come, and the dishes usually err on the bland side, but it's a decent price and BYO, which helps. A convenient place but not to die for.Really cute restaurant I was curious about trying out for a few months now because I work in tha area, but I am not convinced to ever go back because I didn't think the food or the service were good.
I ordered the Ultimate Pad Thai lunch special with fried vegetable dumplings and the Erawan salad and a sweetened iced tea.  The salad appeared to just be thrown on a saucer and peanut sauce thrown on top--was just ok.
The vegetable dumplings were not great.  Fried gives a different texture than steamed, I know, but these seemed to be hard and chewy, which was not very appetizing.
The pad thai was a large portion, surprisingly so for lunch, but it really lacked flavor and appeared a bit mushy on the plate (which happened to be chipped in the corner).
I asked for hot peppers for my dish and my server acted as if she didn't know what I was talking about.  Not sure if this was a language barrier or what but she brought me out some crushed red pepper and told me that that is the only kind of pepper they use and all they had at the restaurant.  I didn't think she was telling the truth and she brought this out well after my food was gone.
The iced tea tasted like instant Lipton or Nestea (the powdered kind), but I waited FOREVER for the server to get it to me.
I should've known that the food might not be good when I walked in.  I saw 4 guys who appeared to be landscapers, having lunch near my table and they appeared to hardly touch their food.  Usually, hardworking guys like these looked, have no problem clearing their plates, but I guess they didn't like the food either.  They each ordered 4 different dishes, as it appeared.
I also didn't like that the server took away my knife and fork and didn't bring me replacements.  I had to take them from a place setting at another table.
I especially did not like that I could not pay by credit card because my total was under $15.  Luckily, I had cash.  I asked for the check prior to me even getting my entree because the service was sooooo slow.  They turned a 30 minute lunch into an hour plus looooong affair during lunch.  I was dining alone.
The server took the bill away while I was still eating, which I thought was rude.
I won't be going back and I don't recommend this restaurant.Great food! Great service! Our waitress even told us how we can sign up to receive 10% off our meal! Such a sweetheart. Would definitely go back if I ever came to visit Philly again!As a new Philadelphian I'm always open to trying out the local restaurants and bars. I always passed this place on my morning and evening rush for the bus and each time I passed it I d make a mental note to "check it out sometime"..
Well that time came around when I finally wasn't working (woo hoo) and simply strolling through the neighborhood with my main squeeze. Of course I had to stop in. Lucky for us it was lunch time and they had a great lunch special going on (Between 7.95 and 10.95 for an appetizer, salad and entree!) 
I got the Thai fried rice with Duck..and He got Raspberry Duck with rice (We're fans of Duck)..Both we're delish!..Service was pleasant and quick..The decor is comfortable and cozy and it wasn't busy at all..Will definitely be back :-)Ordered from here through caviar and was highly disappointed. My pad Thai lacked flavor and seasoning, the papaya salad was literally the worst I've ever had (warm, wilted, old) and was inedible for my partner and I, the spring rolls and basil and green bean dish were "eh" as well. The most decent of my dishes were the drunken noodle and banana rolls. I will NOT be ordering from here again. I'm new to Thai food but my partner says it's the WORST Thai food he's ever had.Not too sure why this place has 3.5 stars when it really should be 4.5 or 5! The seating for the place is a little limited since its pretty small however, they're food is amazing and service is great. I LOVE the idea of deciding my own spice level, the food is simply delicious. My go-to for this place is Drunken noodles and it's hard for another Thai place in the city to beat that. Definitely recommend! oh and its BYOB ;)I've been here a couple times in the past few months and have gone home happy every time (and not just because we BYO'ed a couple bottles of wine).
It's a really inviting place, and the staff is great (although very foreign and sometimes communication is difficult). They have a pretty extensive menu, and everything I've tried has been delicious, seasoned well, perfectly cooked, and authentic. I've tried the: fried pork dumpling, chicken tom yum, chicken Thai fried rice, seafood drunken noodle, penang curry, and pad thai (photos all attached!). They're huge portions, but so good we had to finish it all and waddle home.A quick walk from my office at Cira Center or 30th Street Station in a quiet neighborhoods with school children playing. The resto is set in an old house. very very efficient and polite service, Our group of four had the lunch special which was very reasonably priced and a great deal of food. Everything from the soup rolls and entrees was delicious. They will cater events and we will be using them for an upcoming event. Try this wonderful place!!Ordered takeout from here, and everything was delicious and amazing.  I especially recommend trying the imperial golden bag appetizer! The only critique I have is that the beef in the pad see ew was slightly dry.  Will definitely be ordering from here again, though!Great Thai food.  I've gone to many Thai restaurants in search of a great pad Thai and this place lives up to the quality of my favorite Thai restaurant in horsham.  My boyfriend ordered the red curry which he liked. The tom yum soup is also pretty tasty as well. They have a $16 dinner special that includes 3 courses.  We got that offer and I would say it's worth it. Comes with soup, app, and entree.  The service is alrightI love this restaurant. It is 8 blocks for me to walk from my job but I do it all the time because it is worth it. Great, fast service.  GREAT lunch specials and food is always good. Highly recommend.A decent amount of food for a reasonable price. I got the Panang curry and it was delicious. I saw some bad reviews about the pad Thai but my two friends ordered it and it looked and tasted great.  Coconut juice comes with some chunks of coconut in it . We went for dinner on a Sunday night and the place was pretty empty. I would go back again.no, no no no no no.. did I mention NO! I'm always confused when I go someplace in search of fresh spring rolls.. and I ask for one simple sauce and get a mouth full of crap that is OVERLY salty.. its a fresh spring roll guys.. lets umm do a better job of that ok? especially when I'm waiting 15 minutes for THEM! they are FRESH for goodness sakes!Erawan always comes through. Whether it is popping in for the lunch special or calling for take-out/delivery the food is consistently hot, tasty and fresh. 
I crave the chicken Tom-Yum soup fortnightly. 
Contrary to other reviews I don't find the price to be off at all, most of these dishes have many ingredients and are somewhat labor intensive (it's not an order of fries).Today was our first time ordering from Erawan, after I've been wanting to try it for a while.  I will definitely be ordering form here more often.  My husband and I split the Imperial Golden Bag appetizer, the Shrimp Ultimate Pad Thai, and the Beef  Drunken Noodle.  We got our order 15 minutes earlier than they had anticipated, so everything was nice and warm. The Drunken Noodles had a nice spicy heat.
Very pleased, and like I said, we'll be adding these guys to our take-out rotation.Was in town for work and decided to kill a few hours in Chinatown before going home. Popped into this place on a whim for lunch and my oh my! So delicious!!!
First off, a total bargain. About $8 or so for normal meats, an additional for shrimp, $11 for lamb. $3 surcharge if you ask for additional helping of meat. You also get a tiny (but tasty!) salad, and a mini appetizer.  I ordered Ka Pow. It said it was "Thai spicy."  My only hangups (which weren't really THAT bad for the price): my entree was not that spicy and the salad was drenched in dressing. 
I would eat here again in a heartbeat. The place had attentive staff and a very classy, upscale vibe.Was in Philly for work, and after a long day installing my coworkers and I stopped here for dinner.  Good choice.  I quite liked the drunken noodles and the thai iced tea was well made.  Service was good.Great Thai place in Philly. The spice level and flavors are just not enough for me. I ordered the Pad Kee Mao, because that's usually my favorite Thai dish. The flat noodles were soft and well cooked but the sauce was too tomatoey, and the chile and basil did not shine through--disappointing. 
The restaurant loses some points in my book in terms of dessert: Thai coffee tasted a little watered down, and the "special" ice cream was from a tub in the freezer topped with whipped cream. Perhaps the fire banana would have impressed me--next time... 
So I am still left looking for an authentic Thai restaurant. In the meantime, if I ever crave Thai, I'll definitely make a journey over the bridge to Erawan.as good as the one in chinatown except they didn't have mock duck, only tofu (vegan review here.) otherwise thumbs up all around, especially with the flowers on the table and other plants outside that gave me plenty of material for my @sparcly stuff on instagram.First time having lunch here and had a decent experience. The food was amazing but the service was quite off. Went around 1:30pm for lunch and was rush to order the food right away since the kitchen closed at 2, but the overall restaurant was open until 3. Had an Erawan Salad, Curry Chicken Dumpling, and Shrimp Pad Thai for only 9.95! One of the best Thai restaurant I ever been to in the city.The other reviews are spot on as it relates to takeout - don't do it. I ordered through grubhub at 7:30pm on a Friday night, and it took almost 2 hours to get to my apartment which is less than a mile from the restaurant. After discussing at length with Grubhub, I found it was a restaurant issue. I think other posters have been right in that this restaurant's operations can't seem to handle volume.
Food was lukewarm and honestly, I can't even judge on taste anymore because I was about to pass out from waiting. For almost a $30 dinner (drunken noodles + tom yum soup + thai iced tea + delivery fee), I expect a lot more.
If you want your food in a timely manner, I would avoid delivery at all costs.
sorry if this review was also a bit jumbled - hunger does that to a girl.This is a solid Thai restaurant. Huge menu, reasonable prices, good service, and decent atmosphere. Went with a big crowd from work on a Friday. We made reservations at 7 p.m. for 8 people at 7:30 p.m.. No problem. Big plus.
Ordered my favorite Thai dish, Lad Nar, and it was pretty good. Every place does it differently. If you're not familiar, it's typically chicken, broccoli, broad baked noodles, and other veggies in a sweet oyster sauce. Sometimes it comes as a soup, which I don't like. This was served in a large bowl, and was very tasty.
Only dig at this place is that it's a bit out of the way. If you want to make the trek out to 22nd, go for it.We order in from here very often. This is probably one of the best Thai restaurants in center city. Know exactly what you want bc they get impatient on the phone. Delivery takes usually 30-40 mins max anywhere in the city. We love spicy food and they have 3 diff levels of spicy. I recommend the drunken noodles, Tom yum soup, and Hot basil supreme. The drunken noodles (Thai basil noodle) here is one of the best I have ever had. 
Also it is a BYOB if you plan on Dining in.The BYOB restaurant is beautifully setup and the location is really convenient. If you are at 30th Street Station you can take a more scenic route for two blocks through the Schuylkill River Trail from the JFK Blvd entrance. We were seated quickly but the service could use some help. The waiters are slow taking your order and bringing the check. Not sure they can handle the busy lunch crowds who are trying to eat lunch within an hour and get back to work.
Food wise - I have Asian friends who all say the food is amazing and a must try, but I wasn't convinced. The presentation is great. I had the Erawan salad with peanut sauce and spring rolls which were delicious. The Ultimate Pad Thai is plated nicely but lacks flavor and the noodles seemed dry. I may give it another try. We will see.Erawan has good food and friendly staff.  I've dined in and ordered food delivery from them multiple times.  Definitely my go-to meal when I don't have time or energy to make my own.Erawan Thai catered the Philly Weekly VIP section at Concerts in the Park and I had the pleasure of sampling three dishes.
The dishes du jour included pad cashew nuts with chicken, the ultimate Pad Thai with tofu and drunken noodle with tofu. Of course when you order on your own, you have the option of chicken, pork, beef, tofu, shrimp or seafood.  The pad cashew nuts dish was my favorite of the evening. I love spicy food and it had a nice little kick to it. It wasn't overly spicy though so it could be enjoyed by non-spice lovers as well. The sauce was so tasty that I was guilty of drinking a little that wasn't soaked up by the rest of the dish. The drunken noodle and Pad Thai were also both delicious. I usually opt for a meat which soaks up the sauce better than tofu but it was enjoyable nonetheless.
The owner Pat was working the event along with a nice gentleman. She was very friendly and seemed genuinely interested in my feedback, personally asking me if I was enjoying myself. 
After a leaky delivery incident at another establishment, I was in the market for a new Thai go-to. I'm looking forward to diving deeper into their offerings. The menu has some really interesting looking options along with some classic Thai staples.Pro:
- Food presentation
Cons:
- Having eaten in Bangkok, I've yet to have Thai food in the US that tastes remotely similar. That being said, most of Erawan's dishes either taste like Chinese food or simply too sweet.
- The service is OK (it was short staffed while we were there and slow, but that meant more time to chat)
- Ambience meh (can get very loud)My go to restaurant for Thai food! 
The Pad Thai, Drunken Noodle, Tom Yum Soup and Thai iced tea are my usual. Everytime I go, it's just as tasty as the previous time. 
The only reason why it gets a 4 and not a 5 is because the language barrier can be tough at times. Also the service is hit or miss depending on the waitress you get (which goes with any restaurants suppose)Everyone that works here is a freakin CHAMP. I had my birthday dinner here last month and totally owe Erawan for saving the day. 
I'm an idiot and waited until the day before my birthday dinner to actually pick a location, and once I realized we had 20ish people coming I started to panic slightly. When I finally decided on Erawan, the hostess reassured me that they do this all the time and that it wouldn't be a problem at all.
Fast-forward to the actual dinner (aka several tables full of loud, obnoxious, drunk-on-cheap-wine adult children) and I was sure they were going to kick us out for being ridiculous, but nope. They handled it with ease and didn't even look pissed off about it (or maybe they did and I was too happy-buzzed to notice). All this while ANOTHER party of 20ish people was sitting right behind our party and still, no complaints.
I've ordered take out from here a bunch as well, and I'm always satisfied by whatever carb-y noodle-y rice-y spicy goodness I order. 
The food is good, the menu is extensive, the prices are cheap, and hello, BYOB is the effin best. 
Thanks again for not killing me and my friends. I'll be back.I had heard about the place for many years, just never really had reason to go. It is just good food. Nothing crazy unusual or special, but it seems like a reliable spot to grab a fairly priced dish.
I didn't spend time reading through all the reviews,  but I am not sure why the average is low. 
It's definitely a good spot.My go to Thai place. There curries are authentic, tom yum soup is pretty good. Never disappointed.This place had pretty good Thai food. It kind of is a small place so if you have a big group I would try calling ahead or getting there early, especially around dinner time. I usually love spicy food but I decided to get not the hottest level of spice, but one level down. The food was insanely spicy at that level, just as a forewarning. The green curry was pretty good and the tom kha soup was good too. The staff also treated us to free ice cream..the green tea ice cream was delicious. Lot of menu options..pretty good flavors. I would go there again.Its ok, just ok. The food was decent, no glitches. I would go back because the food was decent. We got a Groupon and decided to try it out...do tell them if you have one in ADVANCE.  Based on the restaurants we been to that are Thai, they were really nothing special. For $40 we had enough food to be full, but a bit on the pricer thai side for the location and decor. I don't mind the paying the price for good deco, food and service, but this place was average all around. The take-away is a cheap clear plastic take away carrier, that resembles a Chinese chop-shop. They can do better if they want to attract a classy clientele. Also small tables and chairs. I could see difficulty in group sittings.I love this place. 
I frequent this area of the city a lot, and there are a ton of great restaurants. This place is a little less known, but its a true gem.
I love curry. 
They make excellent curry here. You have the options of adding meat or fish, and also you can have the chef tailor the curry to your taste. They are willing to be flexible.
I want to try their pork. I used to love eating Thai grilled pork, and I bet they do it well here. I see another review of this place has noted the pork to be wonderful. I'll definitely be getting that on my next visit.
There menu offers a wealth of vegetarian options too. 
Don't forget to get a Thai Iced Tea with your meal.I ordered take out for Erawan a few weeks ago. I love Thai food -- in general, the complex flavor profiles and aromatic elements of Thai draw me to the cuisine. Unfortunately, Erawan lacked these essentials. The dishes we ordered -- curries, noodles -- were all seemingly bland.The drunken noodles and pad thai were quite delicious, but this is certainly not the best thai i've ever had. Really expensive. I mean... $11.95 for noodles? Reaaalllyyyyyyy????? 
But the staff were nice and regularly refilled our waters. 
Don't ever ask for some peanut sauce on the side. They charge you extra. Seriously.
Edit - They charged $3 for a 1.5 mile drive. Seriously!? Even though I ordered more than $40 worth of food (3 dishes)?! ordered panang curry, green curry, drunken noodles. Pretty bland and watery. Boooo.I would definitely suggest making reservations for Erawan. We got there a little early on a Saturday so the restaurant wasn't busy. By the time we left it was difficult to even move around and there seemed to be a wait.
The service was good and the food was good. I thought the menu was a bit over priced and the food not too entirely memorable to make up for the price.  There was a yelp check-in deal for a free APP or Dessert, so we opted for the app. The grilled eggplant $6.50 wasn't worth the price and it was a mistake to order -- good thing it was free. I got the drunken noodles vegan as my main and liked it. I would have liked there to be a little more tofu in the entree. I believe it was around $12, so it was good but not amazing and the portion was small than I feel like I could get elsewhere. 
In all, I would go to Erawan again. It's great for groups and is BYOB.Waited over 40 minutes for our dish. Restaurant wasnt even that busy. We saw multiple takeout/delivery dishes get prepared, but not ours. I guess dine in customers are't as important. Food was decent when it arrived though.decent tasting food albeit americanized. personally prefer bangkok thai 9 but this would do for a quick fix.Decent Thai place with plenty of authentic options for vegetarians and meat lovers alike. The portions are not overwhelming but the famed Thai flavors were slightly subdued.Erawan was absolutely amazing. We came with a big party and they were really accommodating and had great service throughout. They even waived the extra charge for not using part cash part debit and just cash. Really great place with great food.avoid this restaurant.
bad taste. stomach pain after.Honestly, the red curry is fire. Got to get it volcanic hot though.  The pad thai is pretty alright, a little peanutty.  All the entrees are pretty good. One complaint tbough is they dont have great vegetables in the ntrees. No brocollis or baby corns. 
We order here reasonably often and they are always quick. Have also sat down to eat a few times and the restaurant doesn't have super great air conditioning, but it does have some pretty money ambiance. Also it's byob if your into that sort of thing.Got takeout yesterday after a delayed hangover and a sudden hankering in the late afternoon for something spicy. $25 for two vegetarian dishes? Well...alright, I guess. I would have ordered from Smile Cafe but they don't open until 5pm on Saturdays.
Holy Basil Supreme with tofu = Drunken Noodles with tofu. The only difference between the two dishes was that the former was almost a soup, and the latter had some wide noodles thrown in. 
The flavors were exactly the same, which was a little disappointing. I'll stick to Smile from now on, where you can get a vegetarian dish the size of your head for $9.95.Patt,
On 11/15/2014, my wife and I visited your establishment.   I was referred by a friend.  
We waited 80 minutes from the time we ordered our food for it to arrive at our table.  I ate the food but my wife had no appetite when the food arrived.  We were out for her 30th birthday and needless to say this experience made her birthday not memorable.   
I highly suggest you, Patt, to revisit how you do business.  Your restaurant was packed.  I saw 2 tables walk out.  I saw 2 more tables who were upset.  My wife and I were there before these other 4 tables and kept our patience. I saw at least 4 tables receive theor food before us and we were there waiting 30 minutes before they were even sat. 
I wish you luck and hope that you take my contact serious and improve your business.This place is a great place to go out on a date.  The staff is very friendly.
I recommend the Crab Fried Rice.  It is amazing!  You could eat it by itself.My friend took me here because her other friend recommended it to her. The decor in this restaurant is so cute and gives you a very homey atmosphere!! It is BYOB, and the staff is extremely nice. They check up on you frequently but not so much that it is annoying, but rather, helpful. 
I ordered the drunken noodles and my friend ordered the pad Thai. Both of them were very good! They weren't overly salty or oily, and the portions were quite large. The food came in pretty fast and it was delicious. Highly recommend the drunken noodles. Also the place is not expensive, the two noodle dishes and Thai iced tea came out to be ~$30!We loved this food and the sweet friendliness of the people who work here.  The service is leisurely, which was super for us since we were in a group of four and looking forward to a night of socializing. We especially enjoyed the sampler plates of appetizers and desserts to share around the table.  There is truly a dish to please everyone here. Great location with lots of street parking available. It's also BYOB, which helps the pocketbook.This review is for delivery that I got this past weekend, and I just hope that the dine-in experience is much better. I know it was a Friday night, but the estimated one hour delivery time ended up being almost two hours, and I was a bit grumpy when the food finally showed up at 10pm. Sometimes, when I am starving, anything tastes delicious. However, the "ultimate pad thai" was the least ultimate pad thai I have ever had. It was a pile of noodles stuck together with bland sauce and a few pieces of chicken on top with a dried out hunk of lime. No bean sprouts. No cilantro. Nothing. I've never been so underwhelmed with something that has such a bold name! The only reason this place is getting two stars is that the crab rangoons were actually quite good- not too greasy or heavy, but still full of flavor. I will, however, never order from here again. I am still on the hunt for a good Thai place in Philly, because honestly, the pad thai at Pei Wei is better than this place.They've got an unbeatable 3 course lunch special for $7.95! (choice of soup/salad, appetizer & entree)  I ordered a Thai iced tea & they twisted the straw wrapper into a little heart! Portion sizes were on the small size, but to be expected as it's lunch time and they expect you're trying to get in and out. I got the spring rolls, Thai salad & drunken noodles. Service was fast and friendly. Make sure you get there early - lunch starts at 11 - because they fill up fast!Top rate green curry and pad Thai. We ordered vegetarian and i had some allergies which were taken care  of. Amongst the better Thai we've had for this price range- which is reasonable. Recommended!We were there on Friday night.  There were only 4 occupied tables.  Food are a little above average but pricey.  Most decent entrees are priced close to $20.  No one greeted us at the door.  So, we walked to a table.  A waitress ran to us!  Instead of asking "how many people",  she said "may I help you"!  The man who appears to be the owner giggled!  For this, we would give this restaurant a one-star rating!Food is very good over here..but these guys always surprise...often closed whenever we show up...this has happened lot of times...would have been a great place to eat if service is even better...Decent thai food.  I lived at 2400 chestnut so this was a really convenient take out option.  BYOB and reasonably priced.  My favorite was the drunken noodles!The food is decent, with lots of variety, and their lunch specials have an exceptional value and an impressive number of choices (main dish comes with choice of appetizer and salad). I got the tofu pad see ew. Good portion size and nice chewy noodles, but the sauce was too sweet. I think my lunch special cost $8 (!). Overall, a nice place to eat and a very good choice for lunch.Food was good. Duck was crispy just the way i like it. The lunch special was  greatly priced. I'll be back for sure!I've had this twice - once as take out and another in person. I got the pad thai which was pretty good - but seemed on par with the thai food that I was used too. When I was at the restaurant, I got the pinneapple fried rice with pork and that was delicious. It came in a mound of food and I'm pretty sure left me in a coma for the next few hours. The cost is on par with what you would expect and the restaurant itself has somewhat limited seating. I wouldn't make a reservation, but you might have to wait a few minutes if you go during a busy time. I'm a big fan and will definitely come here if I'm in the mood for thai food.Lunch specials are a steal!  You get an appetizer or soup, salad, and an entree for only $8-$11 depending on what meat/tofu you get for the entree.
My standard:
Erawan salad - bed of lettuce with sliced carrots and purple cabbage with one onion ring, one cherry tomato, and one cucumber topped with a mildly spicy peanut dressing - very good
Curry chicken dumplings - 3 fried dumplings with a sweet/spicy dipping sauce - decent
Pork pad thai - delicious tamarind flavor with generous pieces of tofu and pork; the serving size is large and a great value
Staff is good but can also get overwhelmed during busy hours (usually Friday lunch), so just be prepared.   
Cash until $15 then credit cards accepted.
EnjoyI have a love/hate relationship with Erawan.
I love the fact that this is the only Thai spot in Philly that doesn't horribly mess up Spicy Basil Noodles (or as they have it listed, Erawan Noodles).
I also love that they offer a cheap entree + soup/salad/appetizer lunch special for under $7. They charge you the same price To Go, which really is a lost art.
I dislike (hate is a strong word) Erawan's atmosphere. It's dark, dirty, and dead - three adjectives that no place of business wants. Equally, the times I've been there with others dining... you can usually spot some genuine Philly weirdos. 
Point blank, I'd never be caught dead inside... but I haven't found better Thai in Philly, especially this cheap.If you look at Yelp, there are 2 different reviews for it.  The other one is Erawan Thai Cuisine (the correct location and name).   Erawan is probably the best Thai food I've had in my life and by far the best I've had in Philadelphia.  The food comes out fresh and in huge portions and the flavor is amazing!  My favorites are the pad see ewe and lad na.  Both have such delicately made noodles and have perfect flavoring!  It's a little pricey for Thai food but its so worth it!  My boyfriend and I order there when we want to spoil ourselves.  Believe me, we've eaten and nearly every Thai restaurant in Philly and nothing beats Erawan! 
Now go check out the other reviews on yelp for the correct restaurant! "Erawan Thai Cuisine"Great Thai good with a great atmosphere. They were extremely accommodating of our 7 person group. I highly recommend the pad Thai with seafoodOrdered delivery last night,and I was very disappointed. The calamari and the tom yum were good, but the noodle dishes were bland and hardly edible. We ordered Pad Thai with pork (pork had a funny taste) and Pad See Ew with tofu that was mushy and flavorless. I won't be ordering from here again. I'm sticking with Circles. It's less expensive and better quality. In fact I'm going to order from there tonight to rectify the situation with my tastebuds..So I've been here thrice now--twice for dinner, and the latest outing was for lunch.  They have a nice lunch special where you can choose a soup or small app, a salad, and an entree for $7.95 to $10.95 depending on if you choose chicken, tofu, beef, or shrimp for your dish.  Smile Cafe, a mere one block away, has the same exact lunch special.  Coincidence?  I think not... I wonder which came first?
Anyways, I went with the coconut soup with chicken, the Thai garden salad, and the classic green curry with beef.  OKAY, so when I went for dinner the first time I also tried the coconut soup.  Now, both times the actual soup has great flavor--rich and sweet coconut with that slight tang of lime.. I really love it.  What I don't love is the overcooked and SUPER DRY proteins I've gotten with it BOTH instances.  The first time was wayyyyyy overcooked shrimp, and this time it was almost inedible chicken.  Do they not cook the protein to order for this soup or what?  On to the green curry... again, same problem.  My beef was dry, but the green curry sauce was nice.  Not the best I've had, but decent.  
Onto the service; seems pretty friendly, but the waitress we had for my lunch outing was kind of short with us.  That and she kept spilling water on my friend and all over our table..
Atmosphere here is however, pleasant and intimate.  Makes a good date place, good for small groups, or just good if you want a quiet place you can hear your company in.  Overall though, I just don't see the big appeal.
Some of my friends rave about this place, but my experiences here have been entirely average.I ate here several months ago, but despite my almost weekly cravings for Thai food, i just can't bring myself to go back. My boyfriend and I ordered fresh spring rolls to start- one of our favorite things to get at Thai restaurants even if they're not officially Thai. It was a hot summer night, and we wanted something cool and refreshing, but these disappointed us. Besides the rice paper being chewy and tough, the veggies and noodles inside were bland and dry. They tasted as if they had been made at lunch service...the day before. Next we ordered our Thai staples- Pad Thai and beef massaman. Now I like my Pad Thai on the drier side so that the noodles sort of stick together, and it should have a a light tangy sauce reminiscent of tamarind with a healthy dose of ground peanuts on top. It's true that I may be pickier than most about my perfect Pad Thai, but this dish couldn't even fulfill one of these requirements. it was wet and saucy, and the noodles lacked texture. Now it did have a slight peanut taste, but that was because it was more along the lines of a pile of rice noodles with a too-sweet peanut sauce dumped on top. Honestly, had my eyes been closed, i probably would not have been able to distinguish between it and another Thai noodle dish there. The beef massaman curry suffered from the same muddy flavor. It was coconutty but lacked the depth of spice that I prefer. Not to mention that it was 80% sauce and 20% meat and potatoes. 
The decor was simple yet inviting, but the food just left a lot more to be desired. I'll probably try it again some time for lunch since that seems to be where the bargain is...let's just hope the flavor is there too.Went there for a late lunch yesterday. Was not expecting anything but was surprised. The place is cute, the waitress was nice, the food was good. The coconut soup with chicken was flavorful and the chicken in the soup was tasty, the green currie with duck was very good, the duck is prepared just the way I remembered it in Thailand, the drunken noodle is new to me but I like it. We ask the food to be extra hot, and they did not disappoint.
Couple of critiques, the coconut soup needs a little more galingaus, the green currie (and probably the other currie dishes also) needs to be served in a shallow bowl so that the veggie and meat can soak up the currie flavor. 
Overall it is A-OK, especially when it is down the street from us and BYOB. Let's see if they can make a fan out of me.Excellent Thai food.  Very solid service.
Very good Thai food with excellent service in this small walk up restaurant.  A couple steps up off the street, this small store has a relaxing atmosphere.  The food is excellent -- though you might want to ask for more spice (this worked out well for my kids whose palettes don't tend as spicy as mine).  No alcohol served, but you can bring your own.
The service here was outstanding.  Clearly, they work as a team each backing the other up.  Each of the servers on the floor refilled our water glasses and checked up on our table.  
Not wheelchair accessible due to the steps up to the entrance.This is one of our take-out staples. Everything has been tasty: eggplant salad, seafood soup, various chicken dishes (names I can't recall at the moment) but the shining star is the vegetarian pad thai...although it could use a bit more spice.Answer: You call (215) 567-2542 at least once a week for take out.
Question: What happens when you live a block and a half away from Erawan Thai Cuisine.  
I think their pad thai is a little "meh" but everything else is great.  I'm pretty sure my boyfriend is physically addicted to the green curry.  We also really like the mango chicken (which for some reason I can't find on their menupages page... but I promise it exists).  Reasonably priced.  Easy.  Yummy.  Nothing else needed.My friend and I ordered take out from Erawan last night and were very disappointed. I ordered the chicken fried rice and he ordered the chicken pad Thai. Both items were nothing special and came out very dry. My friend barely touched his meal because it lacked flavor and the only reason why I ate mine was because I was hungry and didn't want to spend anymore money. The customer service was just okay. When we placed the order the employee told us that he would call us when it was ready but we never received a call. When I went in there it was almost empty but they acted as if they were overwhelmed with work. The reason why I gave it two stars was because it was a cute place but I have no plans on returning anytime soon.I love this place, I tired different dishes here and they all tasted great. They do have Sunday to Thursday deals which are really goodA good neighborhood option. I've tried a good portion of the menu and I'm never disappointed. I had trouble finding a good Thai restaurant after moving to Philly, and Erawan isn't quite as good as what I've had in other cities, but it's certainly worth going to when you're in the mood for Thai. It's good for both takeout and dining in the restaurant, and the service is always good.I'm very picky, and I love this place!  Everything from the decor to the service to the food was exceptional.  Don't expect a 5 star restaurant, but it's fancier and cleaner than any other thai place I've been to.  I had lunch there during the week.  The waitress was very friendly, took my order right away while someone else brought me water.  My Thai Ice tea was the best I've ever had (very strong)!  The lunch special (7.95)included a salad and an appetizer.  Each course came just as I finished the previous, and the food was delicious!  Even the vegetables in the salad were extra fresh.  I love full-flavor onions:)  When I asked for a to-go box for what I couldn't finish, they brought it back and boxed it up for me.  I love that!Erawan is right around the street from me and has some of the best take out in the area.  The crispy dumplings, pad see ew, and mango sticky rice dessert are my go-tos and consistently good.  Plus the food is always ready for pick-up within 10 minutes.  For take out alone, I'd give 4.5 stars.
Sadly, after deciding to dine in the restaurant when some family was in town, I have to drop the overall rating.  While the decor is nice (although the lights kept flickering) and the food tasty, the service was terrible.  We waited for quite some time before getting any water or having our order taken.  It then took almost 30 minutes for our main course to come out after we had finished the appetizer.  As it was only 3 dishes (all noddles) and the restaurant wasn't completely full, I still can't comprehend how it took so long.  My water glass was refilled once during the meal, but I ran out about half-way through and it was never re-filled.  Somehow though, the instant my mother picked up the check-folio, a server was at our table ready to take her credit card (from between all our empty water glasses....)
Sad that a place with such good food has such poor service, I'll be sticking to take out from now on.Pretty good. Go for the spicy seafood it was delicious, but the garlic beef was average. But cheapish and cheerful.My best friend and I discovered Erawan Thai about six years ago during a summer rain storm when we were starving! We were so pleased with our discovery and loved every minute of it. It is a cozy place and they are so polite that she would often take a book there on a cold night and indulge in some "private time," as she calls it with coconut soup. It is a hidden gem! When my husband and I were renting on Chestnut Street, we would often stop in for a quick, affordable and satisfying meal. Now that we live in the Italian Market area, Erawan Thai will even deliver out there! What a relief! We typically get the pad thai (with chicken or shrimp), but I have tried a bunch of other dishes and have never been disappointed.Good lunch spot.  Lunch prices were reasonable.  My drunken noodles were off the hook.We came for dinner tonight around 7 and it was surprisingly not crowded. There was a good number of takeout orders though, mostly from the students in the surrounding high rises. My broccoli and shrimp stir fry was very good with a light, savory sauce and very tender, peeled, tail-on shrimp. The green curry with chicken was also good and had an intense slow burn. Just an FYI that they can easily modulate the spice levels!  The tom yum soup was also quite solid and filled with plenty of mushrooms in a slightly spicy broth. The menu descriptions are also very gun!  Be sure to check them out. Service is also phenomenal. Our waitress was very friendly and stopped by frequently to ask how we liked our good, which btw was delicious. A great option for dining in or takeout near 2116 chestnut and 2400 chestnut.I love their lunch special! It's super cheap and very fun to get a three course meal. Ive tried the pad kee mao, red curry and massaman curry here, and I have found them all to be enjoyable. While the flavor is not the most nuanced, it's pretty good if you want a good deal. 
All in all, it's pretty good but not the best Thai place in philly.Bangin pad Thai. Actually the best I've ever had. You know how you go some places and the pad Thai just sucks? The noodles are over cooked or the sauce is gross... Well this is just amazing. Chewy noodles that you can actually tell were cooked in a wok with a sauce that is sweet and flavorful. Oh... And it's so great... Mayor Nutter eats here too!This place had a really cool vibe of American and Thai fusion. The interior was really chill and dark and is a great place for group gatherings as well as dates. Love the decor inside. Service was so fast and friendly. It was also PACKED, so be sure to come early / make a reservation. 
I ordered the curry garden which had noodles in a delicious curry soup, based in coconut milk, and topped with crunchy garnishes. The soup was so rich and creamy and filled with curry and coconut flavor, and it was the perfect amount of spice for me. It was definitely in the top 5 curries in my life. The noodles itself were smooth and cooked to perfection, and the crunchy garnishes on top gave it a really nice texture. Seriously amazing curry.4.5 out of 5.  I love the folks who work here, and I personally have never had a bad meal here.  They have lunch and dinner specials that are reasonable, but I usually order off the main menu.   I've been there on super busy nights when service was slow, but it happens, and if you're in a rush well then go to a buffet.  I like my food very spicy and they always accommodate.  I recommend this place to a lot of people and they're always happy I did.  It's the best Thai I've eaten in Philly so far, but I have several more to try out yet.  :-)Had a quick dinner here with a friend as it's close to where I live. Despite the good reviews, I found this place to be just above average--I guess it's your typical neighborhood thai place with the usual options. I had the pad cashew nuts with chicken, and thought it was pretty good--the portion size was acceptable, and the sauce/flavoring wasn't bad, but nothing out of this world. My dish was slightly too watery, and I could have used some more cashews as well.
Service was also slightly slower than expected even though the restaurant wasn't even half full on the Sunday night that I went.
Would probably go again just because it's in my neighborhood and the prices are reasonable, but definitely wouldn't consider this a "destination" restaurant.Go to Smile Cafe instead. Much better quality of food.
My 9:30pm takeout order got here quick, but the Tom Kha soup I ordered that was supposed to have "tofu and vegetables" (on the Caviar app) had no tofu, and was the sweetest coconut milk broth I have ever tasted. They clearly use frozen veggies as well. There was no Tom Kha flavor with beautiful lemongrass and mushrooms and heat and onions. Literally a watered down sugary coconut milk. 
The pad see ew was acceptable. But again. I could tell how much sugar was piled into this dish and couldn't finish it because I literally felt the sugar build up on my tongue. I paid $25 so I just wish everything hadn't been doused in sugar.I am an avid foodie, who has links to the food industry, and normally do not write reviews. Nor will I here. Rather I will present a simple series of facts. The reader can make up their own mind what to think of this experience.
1. At approximately 7pm I placed an order for this restaurant on Yelp (confirmation receipt sent within minutes, thanks Yelp!).
2. Around 815 pm, I phoned and asked when the food would be arriving. I was told any minute.
3. Around 845pm, I asked to speak to the manager and was placed on hold. The phone was not answered again.
4. 854pm: I call again and ask to speak to the manager. I am told the food will now really arrive, the manager will be in contact later this evening, and that there will be future discounts.
5. 9.08pm: food arrives (which I carefully document on camera).
6. 9.10pm: Two dishes are found MIA (carefully documented on camera).
6. Several days later: Nothing from Erawan management. 
I forgot to mention a 7 year child and birthday celebrations were involved: And I told the receptionist of both factors.
Caveat emptor.This place is good..  The food is good and the atmosphere is cozy. This is prob the best Thai I've had in Philly so far. The restaurant happened to be very packed the night I went, so service was a little slow. The yellow & red curry were divine. The appetizers came out in a reasonable amount of time. We ordered the fried calamari, veggie tempura & Thai chicken wings..  All were good! The Thai iced tea was just as amazing. I enjoyed this place. This place is worth a visit. Service was slow due to it being super busy, but the staff are very friendly and accommodating.Best thai I've had in Philly. They have an expansive menu and tons of great specials. Especially their curries. I wasn't sold on their Pad Thai however...i love this place! seriously great thai food and its super affordable. Great for groups and couples. I like that its BYO and the service is on point. yumm.This place is great for a quick bite to eat! 
i love that they have all kinds of plants outside. it makes me happy that Erawan brightens their corner on 23rd and Sansom with greenery. 
Not my favorite Thai food, but very good quantities for the price, and i have always been happy with the service.  i always get take out, but it is really nice inside and you could have a lunch meeting here or an intimate dinner. 
they have a new frequent buyer card for free stuff! (i love free stuff.)Good Thai food. I got take out dinner from here. Red curry was decent- overloaded by veggies and a bit bland. Thai pad was good in flavor, but noodles were overcooked (maybe because I got takeout though). Big portions. Good thai, but not the best in PhillyThe food here is okay the services is above average for an Asian establishment.
The kitchen does take a bit longer to cook the food for bigger groups and the food doesn't go through the pass all at once. The food was so staggered that by the time I started eating my food it had cooled down by a lot. I'm sure they did their best to accommodate our group of 11.
Their Pad Thai was seasoned well. The Mango Rice dessert was delicious and would warrant a visit just to try this food. 
I'm sure that the experience could be better with a smaller group. 
One suggestion for the business owner on the check-in practice. You only let customers use their check-in free appetizer deal if you pay in cash. I understand the idea of making margins for your business and if you keep giving out free apps it would be harder to make margin on the food so imo you should remove the check in offer which only causes disappointment before the meal even starts.The good is always very good every time I come to this restaurant.
I love the lunch special menu.
The restaurant is decorated nicely. 
I like the waiters and waitresses because they are very kind and very polite.
Now I become a fan of this restaurant. I and my friend almost come there every single day. :x