A wonderful restaurant with great ambience, tasty innovative dishes (roasted prawns were delicious and the olive leaves wrapped appetizers were very original and succulent), but with inattentive extremely spotty and rude service across the board. Were it not for the food quality and general ambience I would have given them 2 stars. 
We went there on January 8. A very cold evening. 
It was not a busy evening for the restaurant. Their dining room is very spacious. Only a few tables were occupied. After we were seated, we waited for over 15 minutes to even have a waiter come to our table. After we placed the order, we waited for even longer (and our orders were not complicated dishes; see pictures). The service was very spotty as they forgot about some of the dishes we ordered. We had to chase them up. 
When serving us, the waiter was extremely rude. He came with our dishes. Dropped them on our table without even making eye contact or saying anything. He kept walking (as he dropped the plates) and just zoomed past our table. It was not as if he was in a hurry to serve other tables, because the restaurant was empty.The food is very fresh and the seafood are cooked in the original taste. Nice service too.This restaurant is absolutely stunning. There are a lot of components to the design and layout and I wish I had more time just to look around and appreciate the decor. We came here after my college graduation and were seated at a beautiful table by a window. It was very intimate and allowed for privacy without having us feel like we were forgotten by the staff. Our waiter was very very attentive and friendly but bordered on being a little bit too attentive. The food was great but I think I was expecting it to be a little bit better. I had the business lunch - Octopodi was fresh tasting a beautifully played. The whole fish, Bronzino, was perfectly cooked. The best part of my meal was the dessert - baklava. Overall I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Greek food or is looking for a really lovely dining experience.Service was a bit slow, but OK. Scallops were delicious. Vegetable salad was completely drained in oil and not particularly good. The place is beautiful.I have been here twice in the last month or so, mostly entertaining friends who like Greek food from out of town, and a few times in the last 5 years also!  Our friends have universally said that the food is good.
The service is consistently professional, and often you will get a friendly, engaging sort of server.  On our last visit, she took care of us, including an old geezer who was cranky.  
The Estia chips, made of zucchini covered with a light batter and deep fat fried, are a must.  A light style tzatziki dipping sauce rounds them out.
Estia has a number of classic Greek dishes on the menu, and all that I have tasted are at least passable if not inspired.  It is not easy to make simple Greek dishes divine.  But the best thing to order time after time is a fresh whole fish.  They usually have at least 4 different fishes to choose from.  They will even bring the raw whole fishes out to your table for you to view.  It is always cooked to perfection, simply, with an olive oil and lemon and caper vinaigrette.
The wine list features a lot of Greek wine, and some of it is fairly good.  The prices here are high, and that detracts somewhat from the overall experience.We had my daughter's graduation party here for 30 people.  They were very helpful with planning the event.  The staff and service during the party was excellent.   No issues whatsoever.  My thanks to everyone at Estia who helped make this a successful party!A very pleasant meal! We had tickets to see a show at the Kimmell Center and the Estia ad on the pdf ticket inspired me to research the restaurant and then make a reservation. The cocktails were very good - particularly the Burnt Manhattan. The prix fixe pre-theatre dinner was quite pleasant. Each plate was tasty. The moussaka was particularly good. We will probably eat at Estia the next time we have tickets for a Kimmel Center show.Great food and service along with a wonderful atmosphere...had octopus and lamp..superbThis is one of the nicest looking restaurants I've been to in the city. It feels like an Old World kitchen with a tons of character.  Great place for a rehearsal dinner or big group party since they have huge rooms that close off down stairs. However, the food was just OK. The hummus sampler was just average. My fish was really oily and the vegetables were really mushy and flavorless which was disappointing. The best thing was definitely the pistachio dessert. Overall we had great service, just wish the food was a bit better!This is an excellent restaurant, even for Greece. The food is top notch. The service is outstanding. The atmosphere is cozy. The place is clean and inviting. Menu is a bit pricey, but as far as Greek food goes, it is worth the price.
You will not find better Greek food in Center City, if not Philadelphia. Estia is the BEST. I'm Greek. I've tried them all.
I wish my wife and I could afford to eat whatever we wanted at Estia every single week. We totally would. Instead, we frequent another restaurant owned by the same family, which is less upscale. The food there (Pietro's) is also excellent.Have visited about 3 times, and each time has been quite enjoyable. The environment is very pleasant (dark, yet spacious and a very home-y and earthy feel). 
Environment: 4/5
I had the opportunity to try 3 dishes: the spinach pie, lamb chops, and baklava.
Spinach Pie (4/5): Very well made. Honestly, I don't think I've ever had spinach pie before, so I don't have any comparisons, but I found the texture to be particularly great. It was very flaky and crunchy, which combined with the creaminess of the spinach filling, made for a delicious overall appetizer.
Lamb Chops, Medium Rare (4/5): Just as high quality as the spinach pie, albeit in a different way. It came out as 3 lamb chops with a side of fries. The lamb was very, very good. Meat was very tender and cooked exactly as requested. Personally my biggest complaint is that there was a bit too much fat on the lamb chops, but I suppose that's to be expected from lamb meat! Tasted absolutely delicious when dipped in the tzatziki sauce and was easy to cut. I loved eating the slightly burned part near the bones too! The side of fries looked kind of puny, however. Came with like 10 fries which were not on par with the quality of the other dishes.
Baklava (4.5/5): REALLY GOOD. Not that I've had tons of baklava in my life, but you would imagine a Greek restaurant to have great baklava, and Estia is no exception. It was super crunchy, though a bit difficult to eat (a lot of sugary syrup dripping around). I actually found it to be a bit too sweet, actually. Once you get over the initial hardness and difficulty of cutting, It kind of melts in your mouth. 
Overall, I had a great experience here. I would definitely recommend this place for more formal events (dates, restaurant weeks, etc.)I was treated here by my girlfriend for my birthday, as a pre-show dinner.  Her appetizer came out cold. She decided to let it go (I had salad.)  Our dinners came and both were just about warm.  By the time the waitress came and inquired about our food we were almost done. My friend mentioned the food temperature issue  and she then offered to heat it up. There was (clearly) nothing to heat up.  Here response was "oh that's too bad."  The food was OK. I had chicken which was good, but the orzo was so sweet it was inedible. We chose the theater menu and the desert choices were uninspired. I can't see returning or recommending Estia, which I'm sorry for, since I was looking forward to doing both.Went to Estia last night with a couple friends. We had a glass of wine and share a few appetizers... the food was delicious, the place is beautiful and the staff very nice. But when the bill came up to be over $100.00 I suddenly wondered if it was really worth it. And I'm not sure it is.For me, the best thing about this place is the ambiance.  It has a classy, yet cozy feel which I think is pretty hard to achieve.  The dim lighting is really nice. The waiters are 1st rate, although maybe just a hint of being a little pushy.  The elevator is really cool too.
So what does that all have to do with the food?  Nothing !!  The food doesn't seem to be as good as the place looks.  Its OK, but not really great, and not so much of the down home Greek cooking specialties either.  Its more of a place to go for their fish specialties supposedly flown in from the Mediterranean.  And you can easily end up spending quite a bit of money here as I seem to always end up doing.  
Overall, because the atmosphere is so nice, I seem to come back here, but I'm always just a little disappointed that the food doesn't blow me away at these prices.Lamb was so exquisite.  So tender.  The Horiatiki Salata and Lamb chops were recommended by our waiter. So happy we listened to his recommendation.  Lovely dinner in a warm and inviting setting.  Would highly recommend this restaurant.I had dinner here with some friends for my birthday back in February. It's almost June now, and I can still taste the bass and the grilled calamari. 
My friends and I have pretty tight budgets, but the prix-fixe theater menu worked out perfectly for a couple of us (just $30!). Everything we had eaten was amazing. I loved the bass so much that I ate only one piece of it. I had to take the rest home so that my parents and brother could experience at least a sliver of this fish.
The atmosphere is phenomenal without being pretentious. Overall, I loved every moment of being there. No mind that our waiter was rather cranky (and old), my friends and I still had a great time. I'd definitely return if the chance arises.upscale greek that is worth the money....the estia chips (Zucchini and eggplant fried crispy served with tzatziki) are delicious!! the salads very fresh
lamb chops with roasted potatoes was delicious, a few people i was dining with had various fish entries and they all loved themReturned here tonight. Sat at bar. Enjoyed a glass of wine, some oysters and the Greek salad. Great light dinner after a hard day at work.  Highly recommended.This review is late by about 8 months, because my brain is a sieve and I couldn't get the name right.  And I'm busy.  But this place was super delicious with great ambiance in Center City Philly across from the Academy of Music.  The only thing that sort of tweaked me that night was an unreserved visitor with her husband and a baby carriage who insisted on speaking to the manager because "there HAD to be room for them. They come all the time."  So pretentious!
Service here was beyond hospitable, and was expertly timed.  Great wine selection and a full, delicious complement of Greek and Northern Italian appetizers.
The fish was perfectly and tenderly seasoned and broiled and the asparagus and potatoes were the perfect accompaniment. 
I don't remember what I got for dessert, but I do remember that it was tasty (I ALWAYS get dessert) and that the regular coffee was a delight. I asked for more and drank it black.
You know what? Maybe it's better this way.  Maybe I should always wait 6 to 8 months to do a review. Because for me, it's about the entire experience, about the slow burn of satisfaction (or lack thereof) over time and memory.  
Estia left a slow, glowing satisfactory memory. And I'm looking forward to my next visit.It's been restaurant week here in Philly for the last two weeks. So we not only try places we never been, but go back to places we haven't been in a while of course!
Had a 1:15 reservation last Monday the 18th and went to Estia for lunch, $20pp. Can't beat that. But after drinks and extras (later on that) obviously....lol.
We started with drunks, sorry drinks and their complimentary hummus. I'm a hummus fiend. I have had bad hummus so I know how wrong hummus can go. This was wrong on a good level because I was trying to watch carbs and I ate it all with that darn bread! OHHH! Then washed it down with the FIRST around of delicious drinks! Double OHHHH!
We had the soup of the day which was lemon, rice something or other and delicious. I find it totally Karmic I went to corner bakery earl do that day and tried to get my favorite lemon orzo soup only to be told...they don't sell it anymore! Then I show up here and THIS LEMON RICE DELICIOUSNESS is the soup of the day! #Blessed!
We also got the saganaki. Now, they didn't light it when it got table-side as we have had it in the past. A little disappointing. But it tasted better that the ones we have had in the past! So taste trumps presentation right now! #EstiaForTheWin right here!
I went off the restaurant week menu and ordered the octopus. If it's on the menu, sorry, but it won't be passed up! When I tasted Estia's I would have been sorry if I did. Perfectly grilled. Flavors balanced! Wonderful! BF likes Octopus as in he will taste it when it comes but I had to tell him leave some for me with this one!
Entree~ I had the delicate and flaky Branzino fish in a lemon sauce. It was the fish of the day. If you like Branzino and the tangy flavor of a good lemon sauce, if this is the fish of the day get it.
He had the lamb pita. It's nothing like having a pita where you can taste the lamb and it's not fighting with the others flavors of everything else that piled into the pita! Delicious! He ate everything to the salad and loved it all including whatever dressing he said they put on it lol!
Of course there was more drinks in this boozy lunch because when the food is good and it's the middle of the day you will drink! Oh and shot out to our waiter! A good waiter goes a long way to a great dining experience!I held a private lunch here for 30. The location was idea as we were all staying at the Hyatt. The room was a little drab and the seating was tight for a room our size. The food was good, but the wait staff was unable to serve us in an inconspicuous way. Meaning they interrupted conversations several times to reach over a guest to place or clear a dish or refill a beverage. The also had several staff set out the food when ready but had no idea who ordered what. We/I liked the food but the service was less than awesome.The food was delicious and authentic. Quite pricey but the atmosphere was worth it. The waiters were professional but very impatient. Overall it was a good experience!Took my mother for her birthday after the theatre.   Took awhile for waiter after being seated.  However,  once we ordered service was great.  Both enjoyed theatre prix fixxe menu which was 3 courses for $33 from selected menu.  Appetizer,  entree and dessert were all great!My new favorite Philly restaurant.  Great food and great service.  Beautiful atmosphere too.Great food, the chef/staff were flexible with vegetarian options for my party. A bit pricey, but large portions. AMAZING hummus.OMG  go here! We thought we'd grab a quick bite before a show at the Academy of Music, but our expectations were for average pre-show food... we were blown away. Grilled octopus was amazing!!!  Mousakah was phenomenal... I keep thinking about both and want to go back!There are many options for pre-theater dining in Philly. You can't go wrong with Sbraga or perhaps you'd like a juicy rib-eye from Ruth's Chris to induce a food-coma before the ballet (I kid, I kid). But if you're looking for a reasonable prix-fixe with well-executed Greek dishes in a beautifully designed space, I highly recommend Estia.
As you enter the foyer, it's hard not to notice the clean design - evoking the white of Mykonos, perhaps. 
The entirety of the main dining area is cavernous and spacious. 
There's an elevator to access the lower level, in case you can't traverse the stairs.
Book your private parties in the wine cellar room - gorgeous! 
But let's get on with the food! 
Pre-Theater Prix Fixe ($30 pp)
The GF felt like a diet coke and loved the cute glass bottle. To me though, that simply meant no free refills! Womp womp.
Mykonos Mojito ($10)
Absolut Pear, muddle mint, lime, simple syrup
I had to try the Mykonos mojito, if not for the alliteration alone. The cocktail was nice - subtle notes of pear, not overly saccharine, nicely balanced. 
Hummus
Meals commence with complimentary sourdough and garlic hummus, topped with radish and olives. Service is great by the way - non-intrusive and repeatedly replenishing the sourdough and hummus.
Spread Pikilia
Tzatziki, htipiti, melitzano salata, grilled pita
The GF opted for the Greek spread. The tzatziki was creamy and bright with cucumber notes. The hitpiti was delicious - a mix of red pepper, feta, and olive oil. The melitzano salata was a savory blend of eggplant, feta, garlic and olive oil. The pita was nicely grilled and the cucumber and pepper slices had perfect crunch.
Estia Mezedakia 
Spanakopita and feta stuffed meatball with spring mix salad
I had this mezedakia/tapas, which included a well-dressed spinach and mixed green salad. But of course, I don't order salads. I ordered this for the meatball and crispy spanakopita, which was filled with spinach and feta. The spanakopita was actually more like an empanada to me as I'm used to phyllo-wrapped spanakopita.
The juicy lamb meatball was perfectly cooked and filled with funky feta. Nice.
Arni Trahana
Lamb shank, trahana pasta, tomato kapama, pine nuts, currants, feta cheese
Wow. This well-seasoned lamb shank was served off the bone, but it was no less luscious and fall-apart tender. The trahana pasta was similar to soft couscous - perfect little nuggets to be imbued with the essence of the deliciously tart tomato stew. The pine nuts added texture and the currants provided subtle sweetness. The feta cheese brought a bit of salt on top of the stew - simply delicious. A must order.
Kotopoulo
Organic chicken, caramelized onion, yogurt orzo, lemon chicken thyme jus
The GF went with the chicken, which was moist and juicy. It seemed a bit bland, but when paired with the perfectly crispy, salty skin, a nice bite indeed. The caramelized onion orzo had a depth of flavor that helped to bring this dish home.
Fruit Plate
Chef's choice of seasonal fruit served with yogurt
For dessert, we went with both prix fixe options. The fruit plate was replete with a melange of various fruit, including watermelon and pineapple, accompanied by honey and Greek yogurt. 
Karidopita 
Traditional walnut honey cake
This traditional walnut cake was extremely moist - similar to a tres leches, without being overly saccharine. Nutty walnuts within helped to provide an added textural component to the dessert.
Estia provided the GF and I with the perfect pre-theater prix fixe before we saw the Sister Act at the Kimmel Center. Well-executed dishes, attentive service in a beautiful space. Estia should be proud to be the Greek component to the stretch of Broad Street that strives to represent art and culture in Philly.This place is top notch. The Greek salad is terrific. The tomatoes were super fresh.  I thoroughly enjoyed the lamb chops. The service was great and our server recommended a great Greek wine. We sampled a variety of Greek desserts and they were all terrific.Took my brother here yesterday for his 39th B-day..And it was wonderful!!!  Everything was 5 stars all around!!!.The restaurant was beautiful I feel in love with how it looked the minute I enter the room and knew it was going to be a great night. We we're all happy and had a great time. Well, come here again for sure =) Keep up the great work!!I love Mediterranean food and could eat hummus on everything, so I was ecstatic when the boyfriend took me to Estia for some authentic Greek food. 
We took advantage of the Theater Menu (only $30 for 3 courses). Portions were large and the food was, as expected, delicious. I really don't like eggplant but I had no idea that I willingly ingested eggplant when I had their Spread Pikilia (which consisted of Melitzano Salata AKA eggplant salad). They got me to eat eggplant without gagging!
I do have to say that the menu is full of Greek culinary jargon so I really don't know more than half of the things I ordered. So do ask questions if you're not a well-versed foodie like me. And even though I had no idea what I ordered and how to pronounce any of those dishes, I left the restaurant full and happy.The place is very nice and spacious. I've been twice; the first time the food was great and the staff were very attentive.  The second time was 1/29/16 and our reservation was for 10pm...NEVER AGAIN will I go that late.  They ran out of ribs we ordered ana instead of telling or asking, they just bought out what they had. We felt very rushed despite there all being at least 4-7 others still sitting there (not from our group).The food was of good quality, but nothing to write home about. Octopus was amazing though! However even if the food was amazing, the whole experience was stunted by the poor service we received. Not only the the waiter mess up orders, he also did not bring us bread (even when we requested it as many of us had pasta dishes with sauce) and also ended up double charging us on our bill. The bill was confusing as is as it's all in Italian. Additionally, we were at Estia to see a show at the Merriam and didn't realize our tickets came with a discount for the "Theater Menu" at Estia. We all ordered from the Theater Menu (it wasn't anything to write home about, don't order the icecream it's literally a tablespoon of dessert) and even though we mentioned to our server we were there for a show, he didn't offer us to use the discount. Seems like the discount had been offered for quite some time, so shouldn't he have known this? You'd think for a total bill of over $400 he would have been amiable to taking something off for all of the issues we had. But nope, he took off $2 for the icecream - that is all. I won't be back and wouldn't recommend this to anyone - unless someone was looking for a very expensive alternative to Olive Garden.Nice place, expensive for what that you get. But the god is good. I've been there during Philadelphia food week and got the deal for a starter and main dish at only $30 but the dish was really small even though was delicious.Had the Easter lamb special, the vegetarian appetizer plate, and tried the black bass. All were delicious but too expensive for what you're getting.Went here based on the good reputation and overall positive yelp reviews. On a Sunday night, it was pretty quiet and we were quickly seated. The restaurant interior is beautiful, built to replicate the inside of a Mediterranean home. Service was efficient and timely. But unfortunately the food did not live up to expectations. While nothing was particularly bad, for the prices we paid, we felt it should have been much better. We found it irritating that some of the appetizers were almost as expensive as the entrees, with half the amount of food on the plate. I think that you can find better or at least food that is equally good with more reasonable prices somewhere else. We will probably not return.The food was so damn good that I made this my very first review. Great ambience. Food is absolutely delicious. Prompt service, kind waiters. Perfect for a nice date.Went to brunch this past weekend.  I selected it because of it's proximity to The Academy of Music...but I'll go back because of the food and the ambiance!  This is a beautiful restaurant!  I know that beauty is not the marker of a fine restaurant, necessarily, but it certainly does play a part.  
I believe this is what Greece might feel like, and look like. My LDC (lovely dining companion)...aka my Mom and I each had the smoked fish platter which was very good, however a little on the meager side for $17.00, but it was tasty.  We had the Champagne brunch which came with a complimentary (part of the $17.00 I suppose) beverage. We asked for the Bellini. I was a little surprised and had to ask our waitress why we only got what looked like champagne.  Their "bellini" was champagne and Peach Schnapps, not peach puree, to which I am accustomed.  It was tasty, but not as refreshing as I had anticipated.  
We ended with superb coffee and a VERY EXPENSIVE dessert...the chocolate souffle.  Extremely small with a scoop of so-so vanilla ice cream. For $10, I thought it could have been bigger and had more characteristics of a souffle...light and fluffy. This was more like one of the "lava" cakes that seem to be ubiquitous these days. It was chocolatey and tasty, but overpriced.
Overall, I can see the potential and will definitely return for dinner. I am interested in trying the beautiful fish, and I want my LDC to try the lamb; I hear it is superb.
Won't give up the 5th star until I return.My fiance and I went here for lunch one day on a whim and off the Yelp review. The food was excellent! It was as good as it could possibly get. The service was excellent and the restaurant has great decor and ambiance. We will definitely go back! I suggest the polo souvlakiWe needed a spot for a pre-theater dinner and Estia was a perfect option based on its location and good food. We both opted for the $30 theater menu and shared our dishes.
The Romaine Salad was nicely chopped and dressed and the Spread Pikilia had a good assortment of spreads and the right ratio of bread and veggies for the dips. The Fish of the Day was a European sea bass and was cooked very nicely (although the fillet was a little small). We loved the flavorful Arni Trahana and the accompanying pasta. A round of Karidopita (which tasted like banana bread that had been soaked in honey) finished off the satisfying meal.I recently had the opportunity to dine at Estia as part of a mid-sized lunch meeting and the food was very good and the service exceptional. I'm looking forward to bringing my wife back for dinner.I cannot contain my excitement! The service, the food and atmosphere all ranked in my top 10!!!
Saki made the experience unforgettable, and offered insight to amazing good selections!
The appetizers, entrees and desert (Baklava) was beyond compare!
Celebrating my anniversary and the experience of ESTIA... Was AMAZING, STUPENDOUS,  & worth every minute/ dollar!!!
We been to 5 star restaurants in the past this place ranks above the best!
Thank you Saki!
Kevin & Kimberly Ward will be back!It is the first time I had Greek food and was blown away. I live in a super Greek neighborhood (Astoria, NY) and have contributed to the area's economy but it just didn't taste right. They were able to accommodate a group of 8 on a last minute request. Everyone was impressed when they walked in with the decor. 
Food: we ordered a lot of food. Pita with the dips& stuffed grape leaves. Honestly best stuffed grape leaves I ever had. Everyone loves the dips (all 3). 
Main course: everyone seems happy. Although for a couple of entrees, the side ingredients were the main star for the dish -__-. 
Dessert: highly recommend the pistachio cake, honey cake and the yogurt. All so good.
Price was a bit steep but it's definitely a place good for either group or to impress someone. :)Overrated, overpriced; awful for vegetarians. Save your money and go to some of the great Italian restaurants nearby.Perfect location for a pre or post theater meal! We often go for happy hour before a show - discounted appetizers and drinks at the bar make for a good and quick light meal. 'Craft Cocktails' are unusual and tasty.lack of vegetarian options was disappointing. also, long wait time and judgmental looks from staff and other customers for being youngsters.. I just seemed out of place and not very welcomeThis is a beautiful restaurant, and great for a date night. 
M. surprised me with reservations for a Saturday night, and so we went and got ourselves a Greek meal. 
For the appetizers we had calamari and the sardines. The calamari was delicious and fresh. The sardines were not really anything special but I'll always get sardines when I get a chance to, and what can you do with them really? Besides using some salt and lemon juice? Love them. 
For the main I had the lamb chops. M. had the lamb shank. Yes. We are big on lamb. Both were really good, the meat was soft and tasty. 
We got Greek desserts, although I don't remember which ones. I do remember mine lacked sweetness but I will say I'm a sweet tooth. 
The only thing about our Estia experience is that our server was a bit weird. He had explained the specials of the day after we had made our choice from the menu. Why not do this when you hand out the menu in the start? Also, after we finished our main courses, he asked if we wanted coffee or tea. M. then asked if there was a dessert card. It was as if it was assumed we didn't want dessert. 
Don't get me wrong, I would gladly come back here (or try one of their other restaurants). It's just that staff was a bit awkward at times.Stuck in Philly by the snow last December. Had to choose somewhere close to the hotel for lunch. Then we went to Estia. Food all very tasty not so delicate though. Had the jumbo prawn, grilled calamari and a fish, all very tasty. Had a traditional greek dessert Baklava very very sweet. You pick up the seafood and vegetables you want to eat which makes you feel more connected to your meal.  very big place, the waitor is funny. Overall a pretty good meal.Fancy smancy and close to the art district :)  Totally love this place the decor is so pleasant so luxurious yet its homie. The food is A++ . My experience with Estia was great from beginning to end !!!I had a horrible experience at this restaurant. It was kind of busy but regardless the service i received was kind of extra ordinarly bad. We were seated a table that felt like it was completely out of the way. Ended up sitting there 15 minutes without anyone coming up to us. I stopped one of the kitchen workers who gave us some water at least but then he left as well. Eventually got hold of another woman who made it clear she would not be our waitress, but she ended up taking our order and bringing our food? We saw her talking to someone who i guess should have been our waitress but after this conversation our supposed waitress ended up walking past our table ignoring us for another 10 minutes. When she finally decided to notice our existence, she made no apology and just asked how we were doing and walked away. I have no idea what was going through this woman's head. 
I proceeded to complain to the manager who was honestly apologetic, but at that point it kind of had ruined the experience. After our conversation, our waitress seemed to be a bit nicer but only because I had to complain to her boss. 
The food was OK. It would have tasted better if the service hadnt been horrible.
Im sure this place is a nice restaurant but we had a terrible experience.Zucchini fries? Yes, please. Bread? Yes, please. Would definitely come here again. Very elegant restaurant.Fantastic!!!!!! The Estia chips are worth going for alone. Great wine list and very friendly service. Perfect for special event or just a nice dinner.I was here for a function with preselected menu, so didn't have the full experience. That said, the food was fantastic. The calamari was the best I've ever had. The entrees were served family-style and all scrumptious. The dessert of baclava (spelling?) was incredible and we dined in the wine room which was a classic urban atmosphere in Center City Philly.Excellent service, excellent food! Stopped in here after a show, had the octopus appetizer, the grilled, calamari.  The waiter recommended the grilled Seabass, it was fabulous.
Highly recommend it!Thought we would try Estia before a ballet matinee. Eh it's good but nothing special. I ordered the filet mignon pita sandwich, which came with oregano fries inside and regular fries as a side. It was tasty but not particularly unusual or subtle. My mother had the crab cake sandwich but found no need to eat the bun and just ate the crab cake solo. Portions were generous. 
Lunch prices were reasonable but soft drink was overpriced. $3.25 for a 10-ounce bottle of Coke. Really??
Probably won't return just because there are other better places in the area.Skip the salads.  Splurge and order the calamari or saganaki.
Being a vegetarian, I ordered the papoutsakia, but a friend had the lamb shank which was apparently devine.  
Service was fine, nothing spectacular.If not my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia a close 2nd. The Lavraki, house salad, and Estia chips are a guaranteed favorite. We just had dinner Saturday night and still has never disappointed. If you're visiting Center City, you must go!!My boyfriend is Greek and went with his family when he first moved here and never stopped talking about it so I decided to take my family there.  For the price and the atmosphere, I wouldn't go again unless other people really wanted to go.  The octopus appetizer, Octopodi, was really good but the saganaki was nothing to write home about.
The fish and lamb entrees were just ok, yet very pricey.  I had the moussaka which I personally like much better at Effie's.  If you've got tons of cash to blow on a decent meal, this is the place for you!  
The place is enormous, they have outdoor seating and it's right next to the Kimmel Center, but I thought the decor was a little bit over the top.  I think they are trying to go for a rustic Greek look?  The downstairs section looks like it's for private parties but is absolutely gorgeous.  I asked the bartender if you can get drinks down there and he said you could.  I haven't been back to confirm this.
Perhaps their brunch or lunch is much better..?Really terrific Greek food, but at a pretty cost. Well worth the trip for the quality of the seafood, but this is one of those "once in a rare while" kind of places.I've always walked by this place and thought, "Oh poor restaurant! It looks like it used to be something fun, shame no one goes in here."  The restaurant would probably look back at me and sing "you lil stupid ass B, I aint f'n with yoouuuu"
Yea - I can admit when I'm wrong. I am such a fan of Estia after coming here with a group of friends for dinner during Restaurant Week.   There were 6 of us total and everything from start to finish was divine! Once we walked in we noticed a HUGE fish display which was incredible and I am sad I didnt creep over and get a picture. The interior of the restaurant is so amazing and very large.  
We were seated promptly for our 8pm reservation and greeted by our own star of the night - our server Randall who came fully equipped with a set of vocals he was not afraid to share with our group. A+ and 5 Stars for Randall and his amazing voice!!! (Keep reading to learn more about Randall and his ceremonious Little Mermaid routine...)
Food:
Bread and hummus for the table which was gone within minutes.  
For a sharing appetizer off the restaurant week menu we ordered the Saganaki. Not sure if they normally bring this out on FIRE, but we asked our server if it could be served this way and he gladly obliged.  Cue Alicia Keys: "This cheese is on fiiiiiiiiiiiiiire, this cheese is on fiiiiiiiiire" Needless to say it was ah-ma-zing!
Once we devoured the cheese, our waiter came and took our three course orders.  I ordered the octopus salad, the lamb and the ekmek for dessert. 
The octopus salad was one of the best I've ever had.  The octopus was perfectly charred and the portion size (especially for restaurant week) was enough that I didnt mind handing out a few bites. Also, sidebar-as I mentioned to our server  Randall that I was totally eating Ursula from the Little Mermaid, you bet your ass he broke out in to song hitting every note from "Poor Unfortunate Souls". Life = Complete. 
Lamb- incredible. Directly from the menu the lamb is "marinated for three days in olive oil, lemon and fresh herbs served with potato tiganites and tzatziki"  I wish I could bathe in the tzatziki sauce.  My lamb was cooked just as ordered.  (Note: what a steal for RW (I'm sure the ounces are cut back but) this dish is priced as $39 normally.) 
Dessert- Ekmek.  Sounds like something you cough up when you have the flu, but this was so light and creamy- I should have ordered one to go.  It's pistachios layered between kataifi phyllo (no idea what this is), custard and whipped cream. 
Although I didn't order the baklava, after reading reviews on it- I plan to come back and try it. 
Summary, I LOVE Estia and am SO happy I decided on this place for a RW pick.
Bring some popcorn and have your Disney DVD's on standby if you get Randall as your server because you're definitely in for dinner and a show.Possibly my favorite fancy-ish restaurant in the city. I've been here 3 times: for lunch after my high-school graduation, for my 19th birthday, and for my friend's 20th birthday. Every time the food and service was incredible. All of their food is unbelievably fresh, and perfectly cooked. They rely on great ingredients for flavor, rather than overdoing the seasonings, which I love and appreciate. The inside of the restaurant is spacious and gorgeous. And something that matters to me more than you might think- the bathrooms (hey, if you have a bladder as small as mine, you'll understand). They are beautiful as well, I want to hang out in there for much longer than is appropriate. 
Bottom line: if you have a special occasion and like great Mediterranean food, this is a must-go.This is a very very nice place. Good menu, nice decor,  attentive service. Comparing it to Trata in NYC, Estia comes out ahead.  We visited this weekend for lunch.  The fried zucchini chips are to die for with an excellent dip.  Get at least one order for the table to share.  I did not order the octopus but I later heard our server telling another table that it was a house specialty -maybe next visit.  I had the mixed seafood souvlaki  with swordfish shrimp and scallops.  A great dish but the scallops were the best - exceptional.  My wife had the sea bass which was just as good, maybe better.   Very interesting selection of teas.  Good espresso - but no lemon?  Skipped dessert.  A very solid 4 rating.
Now, since I am a bit of a nitpicker in terms of restaurants, I will mention a few things which kept this from a 5 rating.  We were the first couple in for lunch and were seated at the window. I have no problem with that since an empty restaurant looks uninviting to passersby.  However, we were seated Facing the window - which looked out on an 18 wheeler parked on Spruce Street.  We should have been seated facing IN - it is a very pretty place.  Next, the following customers were ALL seated in the same small area.  The place is huge, they should have spread the tables out more.  One last thing - they used an odd oval plate for the entree which curved up at each end.  Every time I put my knife down on the plate, it would slide left, right etc. I eventually gave up and put the knife down on the tablecloth - which I think is tacky.  
Hey, I would go again.  Need to try more of the menu.Estia is everything a great restaurant should be. Delicious & creative cuisine (try the eggplant!) ; wonderful service; and a welcoming atmosphere. Great greek wines too, listened to our waiters recommendation, and tried a great new one.I have been here twice, first time was okay nothing that great. Second time we went with our seven year old and I was very pregnant and we were told that it would be hours before they could seat us. I felt something wasn't right I assumed it was because our entire wasn't the typical fancy restaurant(keep in mind I was huge pregnant and nothing fits right). We left and I decided I'd call just to see what their wait time was and was informed they would be able to seat us right away. Never going back. Didn't even taste like authentic Greek food and for that price it better taste like yiayia's!This restaurant is amazing. Estia introduced me to Greek food and my family and I have been coming here for years. Anytime we want to have a guaranteed good meal in the city and not take a chance on a new place, we always choose Estia. Their  greek salad is amazing and their pastries are to die for. Anytime i come home from school we always come here. Also i almost forgot to mention how great the bread and hummus appetizers areI went to Estia after a graduation, and we were very happy with it. The business lunch is really a great value and I loved that they had Greek beer there. The octopus appetizer was a standout for me- it wasn't chewy at all it was soo tender. The lamb was also very good. The free hummus and bread before dinner was also very generous and super tasty. I would definitely go back. We were surprised to see the bill, it was much less expensive than expected.Octopodi and the pan-fried cheese dish (don't remember greek name) were incredible. The lavraki was so flavorful. The baklava was unforgettable - not too sweet and syrupy like it is sometimes. 
A little pricey but perfect for restaurant week!Great ambiance and value during Restaurant Week. Our server pointed out that the menu options and serving sizes remained the same and the price is the only thing that changed. Food was amazing and plentiful and my party of 6 was very satisfied. The only complaint was that the Resto Week crowd tends to stick around long so our reservation was late by 30 minutes. The GM stepped in and gave us a complimentary bottle of wine to make up for the wait--during Restaurant Week! We were already getting a deal and the service was still impeccable.I first ate at Estia about six years ago, just after it first opened. This was, of course, before Yelp existed, so I was interested if they were able to maintain the new car shine. The shine is still brilliant. When you walk in you are transported to the the best imitation of a Greek restaurant in Philadelphia. The decor is really breathtaking, in that, you feel like you are having a wonderful dinner on Santorini. The open kitchen turns out real fresh fish entrees that melt in your mouth. The best is a whole sea bass cooked with olive oil and caper with lemon, just delicious. Our party of six ordered from the restaurant week menu, which was a great value at $35.00 per person. There is also a theater menu at $30.00 per person. The wine list is fairly priced with bottles available in the $40.00 range. If you are looking for a private room for larger parties, they are available on the bottom  level. There is an elevator that takes you down, to a very impressive array of VIP areas.This is probably one of my top five restaurants in the city.  Hospitality is nothing short of amazing and the lamb chops were perfectly seasoned & delicious.  When they say the shrimp were caught in the Mediterranean Sea; it definitely appears that way.  Atmosphere is cozy but tables are extremely tight.  I don't like people staring down my throat when I eatThe octopus appetizer and lamb entree was 100% worth putting my vegetarian diet on hold for an evening. Mouth-watering doesn't even begin to describe both. Cozy atmosphere added a romantic touch to the ambience.This is a wonderful elegant dining experience.  The decor is classy, traditional European.  
Service is okay.  Waiters and waitresses were busy all the time but efficient and friendly.
The food was exquisite..I had the sea bass and my friends had octopus and mixed seafood.  So good.I am torn between 2 vs 3 stars. I really don't like giving bad reviews. The restaurant week menu felt uninspired for our large group this past Sunday. I was excited to order the soup as it was a cold rainy day. It reminded me of a play on congee rice porridge which was ok tasting overall but I wouldn't order it again. BF's salad was very simple and plain: greens and balsamic vinaigrette. The winning appetizer would be the crunchy fresh delicately coated calamari. The tile fish entree was bland to our group as well as the lamb pita. The dessert was our least favorite as it was a very simple slice of almond cake with a teeny butter-sized scoop of ice cream that honestly overall felt like an afterthought but I grew up in a bakery so my standards are a bit pickier for dessert. 
With some extra sauce or salt the entrees would've been more satisfying. We ordered off the restaurant week menu an appetizer which our waiter forgot to put it. That was the only dish that seemed up to par quality-wise with our expectations however it arrived way after we finished our entree's and by then it only added to the downhill experience here. 
Service was fair despite our forgotten appetizer, being splashed a bit of water during a refill, and once when the waiter dropped the butter knife next to my foot (luckily I was in rainboots and he had "poor aim"). I am sad that we had such a lackluster experience here despite the good yelp reviews.It's all good, and my advice is to wonder around this menu and try different items, the spreads and sauces with pita to start are outstanding.   Try the reasonable Theatre menu.    This was my first visit and I'll be back for sure, Estia offers warm atmosphere and comfortable surroundings, and the staff is quick and knows what they're doing.Dip/spreads were a bit too rich for me
Tuna was good, spinach that came with it was a little too oily. 
Baklava /dessert was good
Service was quick and friendlyBest Menu Item: Octopodi. This dish changed my entire perspective on octopus. Also make sure you get the hummus; I think they make it with butter! A foodie friend of mine also recommends the Seafood Tower. 
You should go here just for the two dishes mentioned above. I am sure everything is equally as delicious, but these are the only two menu items I've eaten, and I can tell you they speak volumes to the quality of food at this restaurant. 
The design of this restaurants interior is relaxing and comfortable and transports you to Greece. Don't let the white table cloths fool you, Estia can be formal or casual. 
Hot tip: Ask your waiter how the octopus was prepared. All I will tell you is it involves a Maytag washing machine.Superb food from start to finish.  The specialty cocktails were well-made, flavorful and nicely presented (Greek Gimlet and a Bourbon/basil/strawberry/lemon concoction).  We split the Octopodi app (portion sizes of all our dishes were generous).  Octopus was tender with great grilled texture and flavor complemented by the very-lightly sautéed red/yellow/orange peppers, capers thin-sliced red onions and light olive oil.  This dish alone is worth the visit.  
We split a Greek salad...which was so much better than a hundred other Greek salads we've all had before at other places.   Fresh, room-temp tomato chunks combined with chilled green peppers, cucumber, tiny amount of red onion, parsley tossed in a light oil and vinegar dressing and solid wedges of firm feta.  Every ingredient sang in that salad.   You've never had one this good. 
We each ordered fresh grilled fish (Dorado and sea bass).  The fish are cooked whole and served whole and deboned with a butter/lemon/caper sauce.   Splendid.  They went well with Greek wines suggested by our server who, BTW, did a great job of listening to our specific requests regarding timing of the delivery of our food and drinks.  
We finished the evening with Greek coffee.   Again, don't miss out....get the coffee.  It's a new taste experience not to be missed.I would give this five stars because the food was incredible, but the service knocked it down a star.
Went here for an awards ceremony in the BEAUTIFUL wine cellar and we had a pre-fixed menu, where we got an arrangement of different appetizers, a choice between 3 different entrees, and a dessert.
The hummus tasted like green olives and was DELICIOUS. The tomato/feta/olive oil/red onion thing was also amazing and fresh and was served with warm, doughy bread.
I ordered the chicken kabobs entree and it was so succulent and served with orzo, pita, a salad, and tzatziki sauce.  Amazing.
My main complaints with the service:
1) It took a good 45 minutes before the servers even brought out the bread with the hummus.  When I sit down to eat, I'd like the bread within ten minutes so I'm not starving.
2) The tomato appetizer was brought out twenty minutes after the hummus.  Why not all at once?
3) The servers were OVER attentive, if that makes sense.  They were so concerned with getting the waters refilled and the food on the table, that they would literally dart their hands and heads in between me the person next to me without warning.  At one point, my boyfriend (to my left) was talking to the person to his left and the server had just placed a hot pitcher of tea on the edge of the table and my boyfriend, while talking, moved his elbow and it knocked off the edge and spilled all over the place.  
Later, I was talking to someone very important and the waiter would NOT STOP tapping me on the shoulder asking me for coffee.  I understand they didn't want to leave me out, but I was in a very important conversation and this was disruptive and annoying.
Besides the intrusive over-attentiveness, the food was delicious, the ambience was enticing, and the hostess was very accommodating.I've been here many times for work and for dinner with my wife and the food has always been good without exception. The dips platter is really good as well as the Estia chips (eggplant chips).  Estia is a little pricey which is why I won't give it 5 stars, but the food is very very good.We went here for a large corporate event. We spent around $4k and afterwards they would not serve us dinner.  They are not good business people and the manger is way too young and inexperienced.   Next year the event will be at another venue.I went here with a friend for lunch during restaurant week and the food was so good that we spent $40 each instead of $20! At the recommendation of another friend we ordered off the regular menu and had the Estia chips, tasty thin zucchini and eggplant frittes. 
The calamari appetizer was very fresh, the seafood souvlaki was delish but the walnut cake was a flop - wet and tasteless. 
Service was great and I would definitely go again but I'll be sure to the prix fixe menu.Restaurant week menu.  For $35 it was pretty effin good.
The servers were great, at least 2 guys all over our table and easily found with a nod of the head.  
The bread was awesome, served with a wonderful mild but tasty hummus.
Apps
I had the grilled octopus, excellent grill flavor with red and white fresh onions that were shaved thin and marinated in the red wine vinaigrette with roasted peppers and capers.  I was off to an excellent start.  My friend had the spinach and feta pie.  What a great crust and wonderful meld of flavors.
Entrees 
I ordered the whole sea bass.  This fish was both light and meaty, grilled to perfection and a decently large size, filleted before it hit the table, but the head and tail presence made the presentation divine on the plate.  And on the palate, the texture on my tongue was like butter, hard to describe.   My one complaint was that there were no vegetables or anything else on the plate besides the fish and I was never offered to chose a side from the a la carte menu.  I heard another server offer their tables a choice of sides to add.  
My friend had the lamb chops marinated for 3 days in olive oil.  These 3 medium cut chops were very tender and very tasty.  Now this entree was served with roasted potatoes which I were told were just OK.
Desserts were fine. The baklava was a tad sweet for my taste and the semolina custard was pretty average, but tasty.
My first time there and before a concert I was very pleased.  We were in and out in less than 1 1/2 hours with two drinks, dessert and espresso under our belts.  I would love to return and order from the regular menu.Two friends and I went into Estia on a whim one evening where we planned on dining outside, but then realized it was too chilly for al fresco.  i'm really glad we made the decision to eat inside because this place is beautiful!  The decor is really charming and romantic.  The food is on a very short list of my personal favorites.  I've only been here once, but I can't wait to go back!
One of my friends ordered the Estia Chips which are fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki and were absolutely delicious.  I had the feta and olives and was in heaven.  I don't know why it was so much better than any greek olives and feta cheese I've had at home or elsewhere, but it was superb.  The next time I'm there I'll definitely have to try something from their mouth-watering fish selection, but on my visit I went with a "main land selection".  I got the kotopoulo, which is roasted chicken served with carmelized onions,  yogurt orzo and a lemon chicken thyme jus.  it's been about a year since i've been there and i can still remember the taste. 
usually i hate having to go down or up stairs to use the restroom, but estia is my one and only exception.  this place would win my vote for best restroom in a philadelphia restaurant.  it makes you not so mad about the walk downstairs in heels! 
i would highly recommend estia to anyone, regardless of whether or not you're into greek food.  if you eat here and don't like it, there might be something wrong with you.Went tonight with a party of 7. We got our own intimate dining room. We loved the whole experience. 
The service is top notch and informative. Our waiter Kyle did not steer us wrong. He was great from start to finish.
We enjoyed the food and ordered everything. We enjoyed some Greek wine (Kyle suggested what would best work with our food, and he was right!), pomegranate margaritas. All were delicious.
Our appetizers were really good.  The Estia zucchini chips were flat out amazing. The mezzes were also yummy, and the six others in my group raved about the octopus and Karavides (I am vegetarian!). They ate every last morsel. And the Horta (greens) were wonderfully prepared.
We moved onto the main course, and like another reviewer the group went berserk over the lamb chops. Best they've ever had. And they were big fans of the fagri fish.
What a great dining experience for a group of colleagues celebrating being in Philadelphia. As soon as we headed back to our hotel, one member in the group asked if we could eat there again before we leave soon. Oh, Estia we'll be back.Decided to try out Estia before a concert at the nearby Kimmel Center.  The location is perfect if you are out and about in that area.  
We were the first table seated for dinner as our reservation was at 5 so we had the whole place to ourselves for a little while which was fine.  We were seated in a little nook with pillows, which was kind of odd but nice and cozy.  The decor is very very nice.  They pull of Mediterranean without being tacky. 
We split the Kalamarakia Iganita appetizer (fried calamari) and we were off to a great start.  For what is usually a simple fried calamari and marinara, they do it very well.  The calamari was as tender as could be, the breading light and tasty and the sauce was a perfect compliment to the lemon-y treatment.  Could have stopped here and been happy.
For our entrees I got the Plaki (chilean sea bass), which when I was debating, the waiter recommended because, "they are both good, but there is more of it."  Works for me.  There sure was a lot.  It was a hefty sea bass steak cooked perfectly and in a tomato sauce with caramelized vidalia onions that all came together great. 
My GF ordered the Arni Trahana (braised lamb shank) as the waiter describe is "so tender you no need your knife".  Right again!  When she started eating this I would have sworn it was a meat ball but it was actually a solid piece of lamb.  The tomato based sauce it was served with was slightly overpowering if you got too much of it in a bite, but quickly learned the right balance.  The lamb had amazing flavor and could have stood on its own.   
We finished up with a piece of Baklava which also, even though simple and standard, was excellent. 
I will definitely return to explore their menu further as I was pretty safe and conservative with our choices this time not quite knowing what to expect.My boyfriend surprised me with reservations to this restaurant on a Saturday evening. We had a wonderful seat off to the corner, in the back, it was super cozy and the lighting was terrific. It did get loud at times which can be somewhat distracting.
Our waiter was very nice and he had great timing. I have never tried Greek food before so I took quite some time deciding what to order. For starters, we had the ESTIA MEZEDAKIA and Grilled Shrimp, which was delicious. For our entree I had the Salmon and my boyfriend had the roasted chicken. The salmon was perfectly cooked and not overly seasoned. I am not a big spinach fan but it paired very nicely with the salmon.
The roasted chicken was very tender and was good as well. We finished it off by sharing a slice of KARIDOPITA. All in all it was pretty pricey because I veered away from the theater menu, and also had 2 glasses of wine. 
Very nice place to go to when you are looking for a nice dining experience but I wouldn't recommend going often because it can get pretty pricey really quick (unless of course you got it like that).Great Mediterranean food with a very friendly staff. Nice date spotWe were a party of 4 who dined at Estia this evening during Restaurant Week.  We had dined at Estia several times in the past and enjoyed the food each time. Tonight, we sat at a corner table that was very quiet with a very nice ambience.  Our waiter, Rory, was attentive, gracious and courteous.  The Restaurant Week menu was varied, ample and the food was delicious.  The dinner consisted of an appetizer, entree and dessert.  We had horiatiki (salad), spanakopita and mussels for appetizers which everyone enjoyed.  Entree choices included sea bass, chicken, lamb chops and an eggplant vegetarian dish.  Three in our party had sea bass while one had lamb chops, again which everyone enjoyed.  The desserts were delicious as well.  We will definitely dine at Estia again in the not too distant future.Wonderful fine dining experience!
Great service, fabulous wine list and drinks, inordinately fresh and impeccably prepared food. 
 Authentic!  The CEO of my friends' company is Greek, and she says he dines here pretty often and raves about it.  
A group of us went for a birthday dinner.
We shared a bunch of appetizers:
The hummus, and the plate with  several dips, including tzaziki, babaghanoush, and another whose name escapes me.  All excellent.
Estia chips, on recommendation of the waiter.  Paper thin slices of zuchini and eggplant battered and fried.  Served with tzaziki.  So good!
Dinner:
I had the Sesame crusted Ahi Tuna, which came with greens and a beat salad.  Fresh and Fabulous!
Bday girl had the best dish at the table.  The Chilean Sea Bass with stewed vegetables.  Tastes like high-end Greek grandma's cooking.
Two people got the lamb chops that were marinated in olive oil for 3 days, which sounded better on paper than in execuation.  They were both overcooked. 
I love moussaka.  Their moussaka was the best I've ever had.  
Special was black seabass that was stuffed in a grape leaf.  It was overshadowed by the Chilean Sea Bass on the regular menu.  
Dessert:  
Shared two.  The Galactobourico, which is custard in phyllo with lemon/ orange syrup.  yumm!
The Ekmek is pistachio, filo, and whipped cream.  equally delicious. 
The perfect ending.My boyfriend and I went there on a Friday night, luckily we had reservations- it was crowded!  From the start, the three hostesses didn't acknowledge us when we walked in although the night did get much better. Its a beautiful restaurant with great ambiance.
We chose the theatre menu, which was very fairly priced for a three course meal.  The calamari and spanikopita appetizers were excellent.  I got the lamb shank entree- extremely delicious!  The lamb practically melts in your mouth.  My boyfriend got the fish of the day (Mediterranean sea bass)- the fish was very plain.  We both got the walnut honey cake for dessert- to me, I felt like I was eating a pancake drenched in syrup.  My boyfriend really liked it though.  
All-in-all it was an enjoyable dining experience and we would definitely go back!When you walk into the restaurant, you can't help but to notice the beautiful decor and how huge it is. It looks like you're actually somewhere in Greece, especially if you're seated under one of the cabanas. However, I was extremely disappointed with the service. We did take into consideration that our reservation was during restaurant 
week and I'm sure the restaurant does want to turn tables over pretty quickly since the   prices are significantly lower at $35/person for 3 courses, but when I say they rushed us with every single course, I mean it was ridiculous. We had just sat down at the table without even having a chance to open our menus when our waiter came over to ask us for our drinks. He stood there and hovered while we rushed to figure out what we wanted. When the drinks came out, mine was a citrus martini, which was very good, but my friend's dirty martini was lacking olive juice so she asked the waiter if he could bring out a small glass of it to add to the drink. Instead of handing it to her to pour or asking how much she would like in her drink, the waiter dumped the whole thing in without asking. I thought that was pretty rude. Then onto our dinner. I ordered the spanakopita, which was a little dry, the chicken breast which was cooked perfectly, and the baklava, which just never is my favorite desert, but they seemed to have done it right. My friend had the lamb chops, which was definitely the best meal, by far. Now repeatedly while each course came out, the  waitstaff were constantly trying to take our plates away. I mean when I've had my whole entree for 5 mins and 80% of it is still on my plate, no I don't want you to take it away. And they never even asked if we wanted a box to take 80% of our meal that was left on our plate home. SLOW DOWN. If it wasn't for the food and the decor, this place would have only gotten 1 star. I just think that you should get what you pay for. We had a discounted dinner with the restaurant week menu, but I would be really upset if I paid $50 per plate to have such horrible service.Went here twice and had two very difference experiences. 
First time was great, I would give 5 stars.  Food, drinks and service were all on point.  Had Lamb chop and my wife had swordfish, both were great.
Second time was disappointing.  Stuffed calamari weren't very good.  Halibut was sub par.  Roasted chicken was meh.   Other items were good.   
For the price, I'd expected me consistency.Wow!!! This place rocks! Ask for Andreas! Recommend the Octapus appetizer ... The horiatiki salad. Lamb is awesome!!!If you're craving flakey juicy salt crusted fish, this is your jam.  So many different fish to choose from, many that I'd never heard of, cooked to Mediterranean perfection.  Was with a group of four.  Started with the grilled octopus ("the best in Philly" the waiter said -- good but wouldn't say best), and a side of hummus and warm pita.  Sides are ordered a la carte -- a thick cut fall vegetable medley and asparagus with feta crumbles.  And the fish..... ((((drooling))))  Space is large, but tables feel intimate.  Good place for a date or a bit more formal/businessy of a dinner than with friends.  Pricey place, but fortunately it was treated.  :)Had an excellent dinner with my family at Estia last week.  Great salad, delicious calamari, wonderful lamb, and excellent baklava.  Phenomenal service.  Will be back!The theatre tasting menu was delicious food and a great value for the amount of food you get!  Super convenient to the theatre also!I've been here twice, once back in November of last year and once for Center City Restaurant Week. Both times the dining experience was enjoyable. 
My favorite part about this restaurant is the ambience and the varied/unique decor. Estia is a huge restaurant with a lot of floor space and unique dining areas. Depending on your party size and where you are going to be sitting, each dining area has a different feel to it. There are round banquet tables like ones you would find in conference centers, plushy booths found in comtemporary restaurants, a rustic looking wooden table like you would find in a country estate, and a private dining room in what looks like a wine cellar.
The service here is phenonmenal as well. The wait staff and servers are all very knowledgeable about the menu and on top of refilling waters and complimentary items like bread. They really run this restaurant very well from what I see. The first time I came, I had to plan a dinner event for my company for 2 parties of 10. The hostess (was her name Linda?) helped me pick out a private dining room before hand and on the night of the dinner, they placed the parties exactly where I had wanted people to sit.
What really makes me come back here is of course the food. This is hands down the best greek food and the best mediterranean style food I've had in Philadelphia (of crouse I haven't tried Zahav so there could be better). Estia's grilled fish is simply amazing! I had the grilled sea bass. it's a light dish that exposes the full flavor and quality of the fish. From what I've heard from coworkers, the salmon and grilled lamb chops are also phenomenal. I have also tried the lamb shank with orzo in a tomato sauce. I wasn't a fan of the tomato and lamb combo but the lamb was very tender. Some apps I've tried were grilled shrimp, the zuchini chips, and calamari. Hands down though, my favorite appetizer to get here is the grilled octopus, so tender and meaty! A whole meal paired with their fresh bread and a nice glass of wine from their giant selection is just melt in my mouth heaven on earth especially with the atmosphere and ambience that transports you to another continent.
Overall, the prices here are extremely reasonable for the portion sizes, the quality of the food, and the amazing decor and service they provide. I love Estia and if it weren't for the price tag (I admit, it's not a luxury I cannot afford every day), I would come back here again and again.Delish and delightful! The food is always great quality and each morsel even yummier than the one before. It is GF friendly with several options and the staff are so helpful and obviously enjoy their roles. The greek salad is one of my favorite dishes and the tomatos were divine. I also loved the roast chicken that was served with grilled vegies for me (to make it a GF option). The servers at the bar have a generous pour and they have fun educating their diners on wines. Totally recommend it.Came here for restaurant week. The octopus appetizer was amazing; it was so tender and flavorful. The dish itself was a great blend of flavors (fennel, capers, peppers, onions). The lamb chops were also a big hit, not overly gamey. It came with a fresh tzatziki sauce, which provided a stark contrast in flavors. All in all, food was spectacular and creative!Awesome food. Very fresh and authentic.  Service was excellent.  I  would highly recommend this restaurant.Estia is top notch! 
Fresh amazing seafood where you know you pay for quality. Took my father here Monday for Father's Day since we all work on Sunday. 
Staff is friendly and accommodating and we we're very comfortable. My father is a stickler for food and it's hard for him to go out to eat, but estia delivered.
Started with the octopus salad which was so good we had to order 2. Flavorful and cooked perfectly. Also had the fried zucchini chips which were so light and fresh and not filled with oil. We also had lagostinos which are probably my favorite thing in the world. 
My mother had the lamb which is incredible; nice size portion tender and juicy and the greatest part not overally gamy which most lamb is. I have the lavarki which was a massive whole fish but it was perfectly cooked and not dry. My father had the black seA bass and my brother had the halibut. They seemed to enjoy it very much. 
Dessert was balaclava and a chocolate suflee. 
Although they can't make an espresso (most places can't) it was a great evening and I'm so glad that I finally got to try the place.
I recommend 100%One of the best in philly. Best tomato salad with feta and olives, best lamb chops. Been there 3 times and cant wait to go back.Elevated greek cuisine!
When I feel for greek, but not just any greek. Something a little bit more upscale and well done. I go to Estia.
Eating at Estia is always a great experience.  From walking in you get that inviting feeling, that warms you right up.  Not many large restaurants can do this, but it is achieved here.  
Location is key.  Right off broad street and across from the academy of music, the place can be hopping at times if there are good shows in town.
So much choices is the only dilemma I have when i eat here.  But the servers are cool and they offer very good suggestions on things, if you can't make up your mind or if you are stupid and brainless and just like people picking things for you. LOL
The last trip here we had the stuffed calamari and scallops for appetizers.  Both excellent in taste, but the scallops were more memorable in my opinion.  Big and moist and in a succulent tomato sauce.  Entrees were lamb chops and moussaka.  What can I say.  Greeks do so many things well and lamb is by far one of them.  My chops were a perfect medium well with a nice char and moist inside.  They were so good I forgot what else was on the plate. Ok funny thing about the moussaka.  So my friend has never been to this restaurant, much less have never had much greek food.  And he goes and orders moussaka.  So i kept asking if he really wanted it.  It's just that moussaka can be off putting to some, since it's so complex, lots of flavors going on there.  And if not made well can just be an oily disgusting mess.  But I was pleasantly surprised that he liked it.  I like moussaka so it would have been all good anyway.  I would also recommend looking into the whole fish as an entree choice.  There are lots of different types of fish to choose from but ask for suggestions.  The fish is so well done, it will not disappoint.  Just be warned that some may need to be shared since it's so much food.
It was a slow night, but service was still great.  Our uber macho server was quite attentive, but kinda slow to ask if we needed more drinks.  I remember one server I had a while back Steven, was the ultimate server.  He was omnipresent, knew his shit about the menu and quite entertaining.
Again the ambience here is great.  Music in the background, pleasant sounds from the lots of chatty tables.  For a large restaurant you will still get that romantic feeling if you are looking for that, but you will definitely get a great meal.
Enjoy!I was scheduled to have an early lunch here, but I wound up having an early dinner. my reservation had to be continuously pushed back due to an unforeseen travelling glitch experienced by my dinner date. I was told by hostess that, due to an event there and a show at the Academy of Music, the place was expected to get packed, but she would hold my reservation. When my guest arrived at 4:00 PM she was seated and I came in not long after. To my surprise, the place was empty. Kia, our incredible host, took me to the table. i was really feeling the ambiance of this place. I will warn you that the fancy water costs extra. I was not aware of this. my guest had sparkling water ($5.75/bottle) and I had still water ($5.60/bottle). That's over $11.00 of water and I only had one glass! My friend started off with a Stoli Vanilla and I had the Essence Riesling. It was a great choice, the Riesling. for appetizers we had the grilled calamari (perfect 10) and pikilia spread. The bread was the main attraction on the spread and I might add, it is easy to disrupt a ravenous appetite if you consume too much of this. We actually ordered more bread immediately prior to our main dishes arriving. I had the swordfish and it was perfectly cooked and laid upon an aromatic lemony caper sauce. It was accompanied by an admirable collection of grilled vegetables but nothing to offset the spectacular taste of the fish. My friend had a 6-piece oyster which she loved and the Horiatiki salad which she also loved. None of the reds stood out to me and it was the Riesling that was most memorable to my palate. We had Cabardes French red and Cloud Break Pinot for dinner. For dessert we both had the chocolate pudding cake. Very good but not great. The Greek coffee was a nice treat. It made me feel, excuse the cliche, quite Greek! After about two hours, as we neared the conclusion of our meal, we noticed the restaurant was filling up, almost near capacity. But this influx did not happen until about fifteen minutes before our departure. I mention this because, on the phone, the hostess (not Kia) mentioned that we might have to be seated in the bar due to the expected wave of patrons soon to arrive. To our amusement, this "wave" of patrons never came, but I understand a restaurants  marketing agenda in wanting to give the illusion of perpetual maximum capacity. But with the bill we walked out with, I am thinking Estia is more the rare treat and less the rule. This place is expensive! I want to add that while Joshua our server was good, he was not transcendent when it came to delivering on the finer details. On more than one occasion, my guest wanted more information on her selections. He provided tepid responses at best. When your spending in excess off 150.00 on dinner for two, you kind of expect your server to be well versed on EVERYTHING on the menu. He should have been reciting the menu choices from memory with such vivid detail I should have seen the succulent lamb chops present before me even prior to ordering. He did not create a sense of urgency to order anything and his descriptions of the desserts, seemed to force my guest to order what I ordered not by choice, but more so because she was not impressed with how Joshua presented any of the other dessert menu items. in sum, he was not a good salesmen and his table side demeanor was not of the best disposition. Ironically, it was a back-waiter (based on his duties, this is what I presume his title was) named Christian, who was the spotlight of the evening. He had an incredible spirit and energy about him and it was picked up immediately by my guest. When he came around to remove an item, he was smiling and had a radiant disposition. I went out of my way to seek him out at the conclusion of our meal and I also notified the hostess about this young man. I will definitely follow up with a personal call to the general manager regarding his exceptional employee. While I did not find Joshua our server to be exceptional, he was admirable and I graciously handed him a $40.00 tip on a $190.00 bill. I will definitely be back again to try some drinks during happy hour as well as some of the other menu items.I've eaten at the Estia in Radnor a couple of times and have always enjoyed it, but the prices are a bit dear so we go there only once in a while.  We go to performances at the Kimmel Center frequently, the main reason that we go into town.  We knew that there is an Estia there too, but rarely go anywhere nice to eat beforehand when we go to an evening performance as the arrival time is always so uncertain given the horrid traffic into town from the Main Line (but that's another matter).  As it happens, we had an atypical afternoon performance over President's Day weekend and decided to meet some friends there afterwards.  It turns out that the one in town has a theatre menu that offers fewer choices, but certainly ample ones, but at much more attractive prices.  
As there were four of us, we established a bit of our own family style meal.  We got two orders of the horiatiki salad and two of the dips.  The dips were wonderful and a nice variety of three of the typical ones; the accompanying pitas were good too.  In the salad, the tomatoes were probably as good as they would be this time of year as they most likely came from Chile or somewhere far away like that; I'd imagine it is delectable in the summertime here when they are available locally.  The feta was perfect in its saltiness (but not too much) and the dressing was delicious.  
For the main courses, we had fish, moussaka, and lamp chops and shared tastes among us.  The fish was tuna that day and very good, lightly seared and interestingly spiced.  The moussaka was very rich and I was pleased to just have a few bites given that - but it was very good.  I'm not a big lamb fan but it was fine and my companions gave favorable comments.  
The special came with desserts.  Happily, there were four choices, so we got one of each.  The baklava was very good, not as sweet as it so often is (and I mean that as a compliment).  The honey cake was a bit dry, but this is not unusual for honey cake.  The two ice cream flavors were good, but both tart and it might have been nice to have another that was a berry, nut, chocolate, or other flavor - but that's only an issue if there are enough in your party to try the lot.  As a couple (or, perish the thought, a group of non-sharers), it's less of an issue as you'd likely just choose one or the other.  In addition, there's a nice list of wines by the glass, including a good French selection and some Greek choices too.  
The service was really good.  
In all, it was a great experience and I'd love to go back if we can work it out with the timing of traffic, the performance start time, etc.Love the atmosphere. Love the food! The fried cheese is killer! Definitely recommend this place!I went to Estia for the first time last week and had an amazing meal! My mother, her best friend and I were seated promptly even though we did not have a reservation. It was nice outside, but not warm enough to sit outside, so we asked to be seated near a window. Perfect choice! We were seated in a booth with a very romantic aura (shame I was with my mom!) 
The waiter came by promptly to ask for our orders, and explained everything to us in great, and much needed, detail! Our waiter was a doll! 
We each did the prixe fixed meal for $30 and we shared a bottle of wine. While not the cheapest meal, it was definitely worth it! Their Octopodi is incredible, as was their stuffed calamari! For the dinner I had a fish that was served over baked vegetables....simply WONDERFUL! Desert was a little disappointing, but nonetheless, the meal was GREAT! 
I definitely recommend going...if you can go on someone else's dime, all power to you!!!!Outstanding food, service, wine list, ambiance, everything was wonderful. Our server Maggie was impeccable. Shrimp and lamb are cooked perfectly, don't forget to ask for the homemade hummus and pita before your meal. Theater menu allows appetizer, entree, dessert for about $30. Appropriate portions, left very satisfied.Overpriced for the kind of food they serve. Nothing special in terms of taste or presentation. And a side dish for $11 should taste somewhat special. Gave me the feel of mom and pops diner more than pricey restaurant. Not sure how my previous experience could have been so different...Great food, terrible service. I went here on a business trip and ended up here after avoiding the wait at Monk's Cafe. I guess I'm not the first to complain about the service. I ordered one appetizer, but the annoyingly accented waiter brought us two with one on the way, which I promptly rejected. The desperate attempt to up-sell was quite annoying. I have to say that the ARNI PIADAKIA (lamb chops) were awesome, and the chef deserves a good rating, but the manager needs to take a step back and evaluate his staff. I would go back for the food, but would avoid the curly-haired waiter at all costs. He truly brought down the experience.The area around the Academy of Music/Avenue of the Arts is kind of a restaurant wasteland, so we were especially happy to find Estia after a recent performance. We came in for dinner on a Sunday night and were seated at a very nice table. The waitress was attentive and pleasant. The meal started out with some very good country bread and fresh hummus, with just the right amount of olive oil and lemon. For an appetizer, we split the Estia chips (fried zucchini and eggplant). Very good: crispy and delicate, and served with an excellent tzatziki. I had sea bass for dinner, which was perfectly cooked in a light tomato-based sauce. My dining companion is vegetarian, and ordered a salad as her main meal. It was beautiful, with large ripe tomatoes, olives, and excellent Greek cheese. For dessert, the salted caramel baklava was to die for. We will return.organic chicken was very good and the yogurt sauce was fantastic. service was great. family friendly. will visit here again.Had a good experience here. The fish was superb. You select your fish on the bed of ice in the display and they cook and present it. Baked in salt, the fish came out moist, flaky and tasty. Appetizers were good as well. Wine list was extensive although we had to detour the waiter from selected something we did not want. Nice decor like a wine cellar and I will return.So, is this place worth a visit if you don't eat much (or any) fish?  Sure!  
I picked up my wife at the airport, and suggested we eat in the city before heading back to our DE home.  "How about finding a little Greek place" I suggested.  She whipped out her Treo and found one of the priciest places in the city right off the bat.  Well done, honey!  
Just kidding, I was in the mood for something upscale, anyway.  So she ordered nothing but hot and cold mezedes (non-seafood related), and I got the basic kotopoulo.  A good selection of Greek wines was available, and the prices for those did not seem outrageous, considering I'm used to paying $10 for a martini or an imported bottle of beer at some local joints.  We will probably go back here the next time we are in town for the theatre.I have dined here many times, mostly lunch, brunch, and happy hour, occasionally dinner. My experiences have mostly been excellent. The food is outstanding. I especially enjoy the swordfish, calamari, seafood souvlaki, hummus, and baklava. Excellent wines. The table servers are pleasant and attentive. I'm rating it only 4 starts because a few times the bar service at happy hour was slow and inattentive because the bartenders were chatting among themselves at one end of the bar.Not bad but for the price I would expect more. The fish however is really good. Had a bottle of santorini white wine which was not that good. Would consider giving this place another try.Really good ceviche and I also had the grilled calamari which was tasty but too much butter for my taste.The ambiance was very fancy and romantic. They definitely spent some bills on their decor. The service was kind of annoying. Our waiter was pretentious, presumptuous and kind of full of himself. The food was good -- the quality seemed high -- but it wasn't THAT good. 
The Estia chips seemed like the most special thing on the menu - thin slices of zucchini and eggplant fried and crispy with a greek yogurt dipping sauce. The spanakopita was good but a bit greasy, I give it a 3 out of 5 as far as spanakopita goes. 
The "horiatiki" salad is described as, "with tomatoes, cucumbers, green peppers, red onions, feta and olives dressed with a red wine vinaigrette." Be aware that's all it is -giant chunks of mostly tomatoes and a little bit of the rest of the veggies. No greens. It was awkward to eat, because the tomato chunks were so huge. 
I am a huge fan of feta cheese, most specifically authentic feta cheese, imported from Greece, or just feta made with Goat's milk. They had authentic imported feta, and it was good, but not as fabulous as I had thought it would be. I thought maybe they would grill it or do something to make it just a little bit melty and special, but they just brought it out in boring slices with a little olive oil and some kind of dried herb seasoning on top. Kind of disappointing.
I got the Briam Vegetables side (baked vegetable stew) since it was recommended as a vegetarian side dish to me by the waiter. It wasn't a very exciting dish- just some stewed nightshade vegetables really -- kind of tasty but way too oily and rich for my picky taste. At least they have options though.
Honestly, I get better food at Saads (I know, not greek but have some similar menu items, esp. for veggie people). For waaaaaaaaay less. But if you want Greek food with a romantic atmosphere...try somewhere else. The atmosphere really isn't worth the big price tag for the sometimes good, sometimes mediocre food.Great atmosphere, friendly staff, great food, I will definitely be returning back soon. It was center city restaurant week and there were no slacking or bad experiences there. Loved itWhat a great find! We were staying at a nearby hotel and fortunately stumbled into this gem. The ambiance and decor is reminiscent of places I've visited in Greece. Relaxed, yet very professional service. The wine and the conversation flowed. Everyone tried different dishes, including appetizers and the flavor and presentation in every case was exemplary.I'd give this 4.5 Stars if possible only bc of my experience with the dessert. 
I went here on Monday for restaurant week and ended up bringing my parents Thursday of the same week. it was that good. 
With the resstaurant week menu, I was able to try the 
-Greek Salad (phenomenally fresh) 
-Octopus Salad (Very good, well seasoned)
-Lamb Chops (TWICE, by the THE BEST lamb chops I have ever tasted)
-Baklava (twice)
A word on the Baklava. My parents are pastry chef's and made baklava for a living. I know what the best tastes like. When i went to Estia on Monday, the baklava was INCREDIBLE. The filo was crisp and flaky, and the honey was not too excessive. When I went back on thruday, I confidently ordered the baklava and received a soaked, sponge. I told the waiter it wasn't fresh, and he lashed back at me saying that the bakalava is made daily. I told him I was there just a few days ago, and told him how incredible it was. He then proceeded to explain to me how it is made daily, and some days it comes out good, and others...well..it does not. If that is the case, that's not good. However, I'm sure he was lying and the pasty was made in the beginning of the week and left sitting in the syrup where it could soak up. 
The atmosphere at Estia is great. Its a place to bring, friends, family, or to impress. I will definitely make my way back, however won't be ordering multiple baklavas without tasting one first.The decor turned me off immediately.  Very dated.  However.....we had a great meal and great servers....with a few hiccups.  Our server let my sweetheart sample two wines before choosing a pinot noir.  Nice.  Our appetizer was taking a while, and then we were delivered the incorrect one.  Not so nice.  Then we were delivered a second appetizer which was incorrect, and I thought the server was going to smack the food runner!  Anyway, the staff (including the GM) made up for our inconvenience in great style!  I had tuna, which was probably not the best choice in this restaurant.  It was just okay.  My sweetheart got the sea bass, baked in sea salt, and it was fabulous.  Fish in the restaurant is ordered by the pound, which is a bit different.  
We had such a great time and great food overall that we will definitely return.  A quirky night, but I can't hold a grudge against a delightful staff, or a restaurant with great food!Presentation is everything at Estia! The decor, the waitstaff, and the plating - the entire experience is meant to impress! It's an excellent choice for a pre Kimmel Center or Academy show! 
They have a broad menu, as well as two Prix Fixe options including a $30 business lunch, and a Sunday Brunch. We opted for the Sunday brunch. I highly recommend the poached eggs with spinach and bacon. It was beautifully plated and savory! The breakfast potatoes were crispy and well seasoned and the filo cup made for such a beautiful plate I almost didn't want to eat it!
Seating is plentiful, but different levels and rooms help keep the noise to a minimum. Sometimes it's packed, and others not so a reservation is definitely recommended! The bathrooms are stunning and well worth a visit even if not necessary! The service is friendly, and handsome to boot!wow, was this a great place!!!  Went here with a colleague--he had eaten at Estia the previous night, raved about it, and was willing to go back a 2nd time with me.  
Great atmosphere, pleasant service, lovely dining experience.
We weren't hungry enough for the their regular meals (which looked wonderful!) so we split a theater plate:  appetizers of salad, Greek meatball, and a spanakopita 9which was amazing!!!) , 2 skewers of delicious grilled shrimp on rice pilaf, and an awesome Greek honey cake.  Wonderful presentation, wonderful flavors, and for 2 not-very-hungry people, just the right amount of food.
I'd like to go back to enjoy the dinner.Estia absolutely hit my sweet spot more than once. I came here prior to this review last year and had their pre theater menu. Their food was awesome. This time I split a salmon and Baklava with a friend and it was delicious !!! Absolutely no complaints here. Came here Sunday after being dissatisfied with food offerings and quality at Bok Bar and Irvin's which were small bites and appetizers that were Greek inspired. I had to satisfy my palate further  and Estia did not disappoint !! Will return again definitely. Waitress was friendly, and although we were the last customer in the restaurant I did not feel rushed. Very nice and clean restrooms down in the basement for those as an FYI for those who are grossed out by restrooms at various establishments, aka mwa.Went here for Lunch on a weekday. 
People are very hospitable. Great food indeed! I am a vegetarian and I got some good salad and soup options to try from. 
A little delay happened during the billing since I guess the place got a little crowded by then. Nevertheless, I would love to go here again. 
To the ambience I would give a 4 on 5 for its interior concepts.We had an amazing evening!  The atmosphere is sophisticated and charming .  The Estia chips are a definite starter... so tasty!  The lamb shank was falling off the bone and melts in your mouth with a sauce that brings out the lamb flavor!  We were given recommendations for wine and were very pleased with the pairings by Ruby and Felicia.  The staff is both professional and super friendly!  Thank you for a beautiful experience !Lovely atmosphere, great food. The lunch portions were a bit small, but this won't keep me from returning. This is the kind of place you take the mother-in-law you're trying to impress when she visits town.I came for restaurant week, because I can't afford it any other time, and it was such a great deal. The lamb was a generous portion and very tender, juicy, well seasoned. Tender octopus and fresh calamari. Great meal! Counting down till the next restaurant week.Every visit has been amazing--food is so fresh and delicious, the staff are friendly and very knowledgable about the items on the menu, the atmosphere is warm and cozy, and the decor is amazing...even the restrooms are beautiful!! When I made reservations, I requested a private, cozy table (booth) with the cushions and pillows and we did get a great spot up in the corner for our party of 4. I do love it there!!Simply the best lamb chops you can find anywhere.  The price is not cheap but you get four huge chops, fries, and tzatziki sauce.  They also have some nice craft beers on draft and in the bottle.  The bread that comes with hummus is also amazing.  We go back again and again.  Highly recommend.Ah sweet redemption describes our "do-over" visit to Estia.  Nothing beats excellent customer service in my book, but businesses who take responsibility for errors and show true professionalism are a close second. Shortly after my original review of our 12/16/12 experience at Estia, the manager, Stephen, emailed me with apologies and even sent me a gift card to return with full assurance that the incidents of 12/16 would not reoccur. I called the restaurant Saturday night and asked to speak to Stephen to make a reservation for Sunday at 5:30.  He was very professional and confirmed that all of my information was correct before ending the call. My boyfriend and I arrived for our 5:30 reservation about 5 minutes late (Bellevue parking was pretty full due to Les Miserables). When we arrived the hostess was very friendly and asked to check my coat this time. I love coat checks; who wants to be bothered with a coat during dinner? Not me.  But back to the experience... she took us to a really nice booth seating area.  We were greeted promptly by our waiter, Ryan.  Ryan was 150% better than our original server (we spotted our original server and boy did that bring back flashbacks of the first visit, argh).  Back to Ryan; he was genuinely friendly.  He gave a full introduction to the restaurant and explained the menu, fish of the day and what they ran out of that evening with full transparency.  He did acknowledge that the manager that night had informed him that we had a bad experience on our first visit and stated that he would try to turn it around. Boy did he turn it around. He stated that "dining out should be a relaxed family experience." Somebody give Ryan a pen and pad so that he can write a manual :)  He was pleasantly anecdotal in his wait style. What I mean by that is that he explained the cocktails and talked about why some are popular around the city. He talked about Greek food in general and Estia specifically with ease. Connections like these are especially important for travelers and novice palates (like mine).  And if you've read my other reviews, you know that personality and knowledge are two winning wait staff attributes in my book.  On to the food.  We ordered the grilled shrimp appetizer. It was delicious and the shrimp were huge.  Entrees: my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon and I ordered the salmon.  Both entrees were cooked to perfection.  Our plates were empty when the bus boy returned to collect them (we never clean our plates).  We were unable to order dessert this time because we were trying to make it to a 7:30 movie, so I can't review dessert (next time).  When Ryan delivered the bill, he explained that the manager that evening (I forgot his name, Dan, maybe?) had given us one round of drinks on the house (another kind gesture). Overall Estia knocked this visit out of the park.  5.5/5 for Estia; last night was the model of a great dining experience.I had brunch here and it was beyond my expectations for a Greek restaurant. The food and cocktail was delicious and reasonably priced. The wait staff was attentive and helpful when we all picked our meals. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful and if you sit by the windows you get  a really nice view of Locust St.Decent Greek food (I'm Greek), but definitely over-priced.
We tried the octopus, village-salad, dip sampler, vegetable  chips, and a couple of fish.  All the food tasted great.
The bad things about Estia is that 1) a lot of the fish was not available  2) the waiter tried to up-sell constantlyDined at Estia on a Saturday night pre-ballet. The place was super busy and noisy and the service felt rushed and impersonal. A coffee spill by the server didn't help our overall impression of the service. Food was very good, and the theater menu is a good value, plus you can't beat the convenience right across from the Academy of Music. I really enjoyed the appetizer of Estia Pikilia (especially the crabcakes) and the lamb shank entree was super tender and delicious!  Others in my party enjoyed their food as well.  I would like to return on a quieter evening to see if I had a better experience.Can I say delish!!!?!!! Everything that I ate was beautifully flavored. I had dinner here with my workgroup. I didn't have any expectations going in, but after the apps and my entree,  my expectations were set on high. 
I can't remember everything we ordered, but I remember feeling nice and full, so I didn't delight in dessert like my colleagues. Their expectations were as high as mine by the time they were through with entrees. Unfortunately, according to them, dessert was disappointing. Apparently, the greek yogurt was literally a tub of the Fage yogurt widely available at your nearest grocery store. 
C'est la vie (or whatever the Greek translation to that cliche may be).This place has some of the best Greek food I've ever had including in Greece. The fish is so fresh and well cooked. The lamb chops are amazing. The appetizers were also very good. Definitely try the Greek cheesecake. Brenna did a great job serving us!!Came here for restaurant week with a few friends this week. Overall, it was a good experience. The ambience was really nice. We had 5 people and got seated in a corner, so it was quiet enough for us to carry our conversation. I thought the server was pretty good about coming by once in a while to see if we needed anything. 
I got soup of the day for appetizers. It was very flavorful. I was quite satisfied with it. For the entree, I got the lamb chops. It was also a delicious dish. It came with 3 lamb chops and some potatoes. The dessert, I was a little disappointed in. I got the Ravani. I had no idea what it was, but I saw gelato in the description, so I decided to go for it. Turns out, it's some sort of cake, which is fine. But the gelato that came with it was literally the size of a golf ball. Idk...I guess I had higher expectations for the amount of gelato was suppose to come with the ravani.Fantastic Greek food (4.5 stars) and exceptional service (5+). A bit pricey. 
5 of us went before the ballet last night. We started with the mezzete platter. All of the dips were very flavorful. 
For entree, I had the chicken with orzo. The chicken was cooked to perfection. Portion size was just right.
Everyone else at the table was raving about their food, and we all cleared out plates. 
Not only was our server super friendly and attentive, she was also very knowledgeable about the shows across the street, and made sure to keep the meal moving along so we got out on time.My husband and I ate here, for the first time, last night, before going to the Ballet. We had a reservation for 5:30, and we were seated right away. 
My husband and I ordered the Greek salad, and the Lamb Chops. The salad was very fresh, and seasoned perfectly. The lamb chops were very tender, almost melt in your mouth, and had a great seasoning on them as well. My husband, who doesn't even like lamb, enjoyed his dish and said it was the best he'd ever had. 
The service, however, left much to be desired. We didn't order alcohol or dessert, and we felt like our server was not interested in waiting on us and we felt rushed. He didn't communicate with us, and every time we needed something, we would have to hunt him down much to his sour look on his face. I agree with a former yelper when they said that the wait staff just seemed very unhappy to be there so I deducted a star for the poor service.
All in all, we will be back. The food is delicious, but the service has a lot of improvements to work on.Dined with a party of 7 in our own intimate dining room. I had the Estia chips, lamb chops, and fresh fish--all of which were delicious. We enjoyed wine by the bottle as their by the bottle list is very well-priced. Attentive service.We just had a wonderful dinner at Estia taking advantage of the restaurant week. For appetIzers we had octopus - delicious, and I had some dish of hot grilled cheese - it was tasty but oily and salty. (I guess it may not be everyone's "cup of tea"). Main dishes were sea bass and lamb chops - both were absolutely amazing!!! Highly recommend!!!
I took off a star for bland dessert. My husband got baklava and I tried cake and gelato option, and neither impressed us. Baklava was super dry on top and my cake was also very dry. Not impressed. 
Also out waitress did an "ok" job, she was not welcoming nor smiled even ones. 
Overall it was great and I would definitely go back there for some main course dishes, but would skip the dessert and hope for a better service!I finally made it to Estia during Restaurant Week with a group of my co-workers on 1/25/13.  After hiking across the city (snow storm made it impossible to catch a cab), I was greeted by the friendly wait staff and pleasantly surprised by the festive (in a non-corny sorta way) decor.  The meal was totally worth the 15 minute trek in the snow as I had the following: 2 glasses of the basil gin martini, greek salad (which was sooo very flavorful), sea bass (aka branzino), and a lemon custard tart for dessert.  
As per usual, when a meal is that nice, I just had to do it twice!  Yes, I ordered the exact same meal that following Tuesday with my husband and one of our favorite couples.  The other couple that we were with weren't wild about greek food - but by the end of our meal all four of us had completely cleared our plates and glasses!!We had our reservation at 8:15pm on a Wednesday for dinner. Walked in, we were greeted by the host and promptly got seated by a corner booth.
We began to order, we had three appetizers, two entrees, and 2 appetizers.
Appetizers:
-Grilled calamari served with spicy tomato sauce and lemon - this dish was unexpectedly delicious. The tomato sauce was fresh tomato, not too acidic, a little chunks added made the dish more lively. The flavor was savory and natural sweeten from the tomato.
-Octopodi - chargrilled octopus with onions, dill, roasted peppers, capers, parsley and red wine vinaigrette. The octopus itself was very tender and well flavored. However, it was too "flavorful". In another word, it was salty.
-Grilled shrimp - wild caught jumbo shrimp charcoal grilled served with arugula and cherry tomato. As expected the shrimp was "jumbo", as large wild caught shrimp. The flavor of the shrimp itself is sweet, though has a little oceanic flavor. Arugula salas was dressed with a mellow and sweet balsamic.
Now, Greek/Mediterranean food is simple yet delicious. So here goes my opinion on the entrees
-Lavraki - European sea bass with lemon butter sauce (I often order a whole sea-bass wherever, whenever I see it on the menu). The sea-bass from Estia was simple, deboned, chargrilled with head and tail. It was good, though it wouldn't be my choice next time I'm here. I would expect more freshness if the dish was simple (something you can definitely make at home). 
-Lamb chops - three days marinated in olive oil, lemon and fresh herbs with Greek potatoes and tzatziki (I ordered medium rare). Now, this is worth going back for. The meat was tender and flavor was just simple salt and pepper, a little gamey but not overwhelmingly gamey. Just the right temperature and distinctive taste of  gameyness was brought together with tangy marinated Greek potatoes and light, creamy tzatziki sauce. 
Overall, the service was okay-good. The food was decent but not something that I's crave forthe service here is top notch. our waiter was very helpful and on top of empty glasses all night. i'm not the best at these reviews because i usually like everything and don't remember any of the names. i do remember the bill being quite expensive for 4 people but that didn't deter from a night of great food.The apps were great and my fish entree was perfect but my two dining companions did not make out as well. One's prawns were way over cooked and like rubber. The others' lamb was also over done. He asked for med-rare and got med- well.
Service was excellent and desserts were good too. The tomato/cucumber salad should have more cucumbers and less tomato but that's just my personal preference.Went here and initially felt some major sticker shock! The fish runs about $40/lb but they pride themselves on never freezing any of their seafood, which is pretty incredible! I ended up getting something from the $30 theatre menu which was an incredible value! It included an app, entree (I got the fish and it was AMAZING), and dessert! The waiter was very friendly and timely. The calamari was chewier than I would expect but still good. The yogurt dessert didn't include as much actual yogurt as I had hoped (it was almost entirely just fruit) but still delicious. Overall, the entree was absolutely delicious! 
A review of this restaurant would not be nearly complete without a few remarks on the interior. The outside is nice but does not begin to do the interior justice! This is easily one of the most romantic places in philly!!!! The lighting is perfect, the noise level is low, each table on the side has its own little nook! I can't wait for an excuse to go back!estia is incredibly overpriced.  nothing really stood out despite having dined in a large group and trying quite a few of the appetizers and entrees.  I had the salmon special which was good but not worth the $20-30 price point of most of the entrees.  i would say that the food is well done and simply yet elegantly prepared, but nothing memorable where i'd venture to return.Very good.  Try some Greek wine.  I didn't expect much from it, but was pleasantly surprised. The service can be a bit rough, but the food is very good.Came here for a company dinner ! The ambiance and service in this place was ! We had pan fried calamari, cheese saganaki, and bread with hummus for appetizers ! One of the servers overheard that someone in our group had a gluten intolerance, so she offered to bring out hummus with veggies and bring out a plate of grilled octopus ! I had the Lavraki ( European sea bass) for my main entree and it was very good ! To end the meal, I had the baklava! Overall, I like the calamari, sea bass, and the ambiance at this establishment !
Update 01/18/18
Came here for another company dinner ! One of the appetizers we had was the Spread pikilia: tzatziki, roasted eggplant, and roasted red peppers with pitas! I basically took a bit of each and spread it onto a warm pita! The combo of flavors were amazing ! For the main entree I had Lamb trahana: Lamb shank served off the bone over trahana pasta with tomato kapama, pine nuts, currants and feta cheese ! Flavors of this dish gelled well and the Lamb was very tender ! For dessert I had the baklava ! The baklava was not too sweet and the crust was flaky !Like someone else said, this only gets 4 stars because it's so damn expensive!  Being Greek, I've had some amazing mind blowing Greek food...all for a third the price at the local Greek restaurant down the street from my house.  Just as good as Estia, some dishes are even better at the teeny place by me.  
My friend ordered from the theater menu..for $30 you get an appetizer, entree, and fruit plate.  
She ordered the Pikilia Spread which is tzatziki (cucumber garlic yogurt sauce), htipiti (roasted red pepper), and melitzano (eggplant).  The tzatziki was delicious, the htipiti was also good but had a definite kick, and the melitzano had hardly any flavor.  The pita was nice a grilled, can't go wrong there.  
For entrees...
She ordered the papoutsakia (grilled eggplant) and enjoyed it.  I tried it but wish there was slightly more flavor on the vegetables.  
I had the arni youvetsi (lamb shank) and it was delicious!  The lamb fell right off the bone when I picked it up.  Perfectly cooked, not too fatty, just awesome.  The feta orzo was also very good, slightly thick and heavy though.  
Dessert...
We opted for the fruit plate, which consisted of watermelon, cantaloupe, and I think pineapple.  Plus a dollup of Greek yogurt covered in honey.  Didn't think the fruit was extremely fresh, but it was November and they were still serving summer fruit.  
Service...
Our waiter was very nice and friendly.  He quickly picked up that I was Greek (I guess that I pronounced the food correctly!) and thanked us and asked how things were in Greek.  It was cute. :) 
I would definitely come back here as the food was very good.  It's more of a first date place or celebration though.  The food is slightly too expensive for what it is and I'm sure there HAS to be just as good cheap Greek food somewhere in Philly!In from NYC and needed a special "date night" restaurant. We love Greek and eat if often, and this was -- HANDS DOWN -- some of the best we've ever had (if not THE best). 
The décor is very earthy and traditional, which we enjoy in a Greek restaurant. This is a HUGE space, but we weren't turned off by that, as our table still felt very intimate. The downstairs also has some very nice spaces for corporate events.
We started with the Tzatziki and Taramosolata -- the latter was amazing and the Pita was very fresh. The hummus was super creamy and de-lish. I got one of the last 2 lamb shanks (apparently they often run out of them) and it was falling off the bone tender and full of flavor. I devoured it! My husband ordered the lamb chops and he said they were amazing.
From the hostess to our waiter, all off the staff was super friendly and knowledgeable, and they recommended a delicious Greek wine when they didn't have a Shiraz by the glass. Highly recommend this place!This used to be one of my favorite restaurants but it is really going down hill.  Went to lunch on a weekday when I had matinee tickets.  I ordered a salad, my friend ordered an "express lunch."  40 minutes later we were still waiting.  The place had gotten crowded but we were one of the first tables in.  Waiter kept ignoring us.  Meal finally came, I complained and the waiter was rude and said it wasn't his problem it was the kitchen's fault.  I pointed out it was his job to be a go-between the customer & the kitchen and asked to see a manager.  He smirked at me.  I asked for the bill since we only had 20 minutes left to eat and leave.  He smirked again.  My salad was dry and tasteless.  Waiter returned with bill, I asked if manager was coming & he smirked again.  I gave him no tip and told him he wasn't getting one because of his rudeness and again asked for a manager and was ignored.  I and other people I know have had problems with this waiter before and have complained before.  I called restaurant next day, spoke with a very nice floor manager named Amy, she was very sympathetic, said other people had complained about this waiter but that the had "been there forever."  She said she was escalating my call to upper management, she asked that I leave a voicemail using her name and she would also talked to the manager.  I never got a call back.  I called back one week later and again spoke with Amy, who apologized again and said she would have the manager call me.  That never happened.  This is not the way to treat customers.  I was considering have a large party there and now am completely turned off.B++
We went to Estia with a small group of people for a birthday party. It was a pretty place with a European vibe. We were thinking about giving it 3 stars, but the service really makes up for everything!
Food:
We got the theater menu ($33 each). I got grilled calamari and my girlfriend got spread pikilia as an appetizer. The spread came with three good tasting sauces, but the calamari was ehh. For entree, we got the fish of the day (bronzino - Mediterranean sea bass) and the shrimp souvlaki. Both were nice and fresh tasting. Lastly, we got fruit and karidopida. The karidopida was dry and the fruit was as we expected...fruit.
Service:
Service was amazing! Our waiter was SAKI (Harry) and we thought he was phenomenal. Wait staff was on point with the water and quick with the service (despite the fact we had a large group)
Overall, would we go again? Yes.Had a wonderful night at Estia for restaurant week. Our server Saki was attentive, gentle and the perfect type of intrusive, making welcomed recommendations for us and ensuring we got the best value for our stay. I had the octopus app--it was delicious and tender and had a delicious char. Blew my mind away!! The sea bass was served whole, with skin crisp and delicious, creamy, perfect with lemon juice. To finish off, I had the olive oil cake. I've seen variations on Facebook--had always wanted to try an authentic version. The cake delighted everyone at the table and the orange zest was so surprising and delicious. What an in-all high quality meal even if it did feel surreal given how it took place during current political events.AMAZING fresh FOOD. even the veggies were delightful! great date place.must try: fish and the desserts.  Just really expensive =(No flavor. we went for brunch and my husband and son were nauseous the entire day. Food really was not good. place is beautiful and the service was great. overpriced.The complimentary bread and hummus is the perfect way to start the meal. I am used to eating store-brand hummus, so their homemade hummus was definitely a treat. The spanakopita tastes like the spinach pie that I tried in Greece, and the country salad ranks as my favorite offering on the menu. The highlights of the salad were the imported tomatoes, which were bright red, juicy, and sweet, and the feta cheese. The grilled salmon, served with wilted greens, was great as well, but I prefer to order an appetizer and salad. 
I am absolutely in love with the decor - stone ceilings with chandeliers, wood floors, and booths with pillows. 
I recommend making a reservation, as they get quite busy around dinner time, especially after shows at the Academy of Music. They also serve brunch, which I look forward to trying.So good! The server was kind, helped us with the wine list and recommended some awesome appetizers/entrees to pair with our wine. Can't wait to take the family here!OMG.. I was there on Saturday nite for a private dinner and I had the rigatoni dish with feta and spinach.. it was to die for.. compliments to the chef. My husband is a cook and I really think I liked Estia's better. Also the tomato salad was the bomb. Everyone at my table raved about it. The staff was amazing.. we just freaking loved it!!Food good. Service sloooow and they forget a ton of stuff. Boo. Still waiting for my 2nd courseThis is a fancy schmany Greek restaurant with good food. It's a little on the pricey end, but on par with other Greek restaurants I've been to. I love how they provide complementary hummus and bread after you order because I was pretty hungry and the hummus was yummy. Everything we ordered was satisfying. I got my usual grilled octopus and fried cheese. The octopus had the right amount of chewy texture and smoked flavor. We also ordered the brazino/fish of the day and splurged on lobster. The fish was soft and crispy in all the right places. And you can never go wrong with lobster. Lastly to finish our meal, we got the ekmek dessert..while I like the cream on top, it was just "okay" for me. I would definitely come back for a special occasion.Delicious Greek food. The feta and tzatziki are wonderful. Entrees are pricey, but it's a high quality meal. Beautiful, large restaurant.Came here in a business dinner. It's a little loud but I think they have private rooms. Other than that, atmosphere was great and the fish was amazing. The tuna was divine and the fish was spectacular. Definitely recommend.The ambiance is great and the food is greater.  For an appetizer we had the Estimate chips and they were quite good with the spread that comes with them.  I would also recommend getting one of the many whole fish options with sides a la carte.I loved the decor and atmosphere of this place, very romantic yet fun for large groups.  There were four of us so we did a few small plates and the black sea bass which was amazing!  Our waiter was friendly and informative.  Little on the pricier side, but I thought it was worth the quality.  I could have stayed for hours listening to the music and enjoying another drink or coffee.  Would love to see something like this in DC!The food here was very tasty, which is why I'll give it two stars.  My wife and I went for Restaurant Week (only way to afford this outrageously priced Greek restaurant) with three other couples.  The place was packed, which was a good sign.  But when one of our group, who was pregnant, asked a question about whether a cheese was pasteurized or not, our waiter responded very condescendingly that all cheeses sold in the US are pasteurized.  This is simply not true and his attitude about was inexcusable.  More inexcusable though was when an assistant waiter/expediter came to clear away out appetizer plates, he took mine and my friend's who were clearly not finished. Then, when he tried to take my wife's she informed him she was not finished with her knife or plate and he took it anyway, saying, "I'll bring you another one."  Unbelievable.
From that moment on we were rushed and the entire experience became unpleasant.  
When the bill came we were surprised to see a number of ten dollar charges for veggies and potatoes.  When we ordered our entrees, the waiter casually asked us if we wanted veg or potatos with it.  He never bothered to add that these were an additional cost.  He made it sound as if they came with the meal, as they do in most places.
I would not recommend Estia based on both the normal price - there are far better places for less - nor for the service.  I do hope management reads these reviews, because they need to do some basic training.I wanted to thank the staff at Estia for getting my party of 3 a table today. I inadvertently made a reservation for the wrong location but they graciously found us a table even though the place was packed. The hosts and servers were top of the line and the food was excellent. Thanks, Estia. I'll be back.By far, one of my favorite restaurant week destinations. Not only are you surrounded by gorgeous decor, but the food is to die for. It's definitely one of the best values when it comes to the Restaurant Week menu. They have some of the best octopus I've ever had. I wish this place was a little more affordable for me to come on a consistent basis. 
My only complaint is that it is a little loud.I finally got a chance to try Estia - I walk by it all the time.
We were part of a LARGE private event held in the huge downstairs ballroom.  You could easily have a wedding here (150 people or less is probably best - we had 187 in our gfroup and the room holds 180 max. We were crammed in like sardines).
The tables were pre-set with salad (romaine with dill dressing - quite tasty), bread, pita and hummus (yum!).
Entrees and dessert platters were served family style.  Food was delicious and excellent - especially the Branzino over "greek-style" roasted veggies - potato, zucchini, eggplant, peppers) - all were terrific.
Pasta alla Greca is an inexpensive way to feed a crowd.  Tasty - but too light on the spinach, IMHO.
Deseert of a very nutty baklava (good but not the best I've tried) and a moist bordering on wet-with-syrup walnut cake.  People either loved it or hated it - I enjoyed it, but it is WET and very, very, cloyingly sweet.
Note:  They have a private wine room for dining up tpo 14 people.
I sense a party in my future at ESTIA!
Great for pre/post theatre, too.  They know how to get you in and out.Four of us went here for restaurant week this year and I'm just sad I hadn't been here before.  The food is mind-blowingly good.  I had spanakopita as my first course and my friends had the greek salad and both were delicious.  For my main course I had a lemon roast chicken with orzo dish and my friends had lamb chops.  Absolutely delectable.  Our waiter was an interesting man who, when asked what he would recommend, responded with "everything is good.  you will like everything."  So, while he's not a good person to check with if you're indecisive, was completely correct about everything being delicious.  I had the baklava for dessert while my friends had a flan type dish and I have to say that, while both were good, mine was really, really good.  Definitely going back here!I've been to Estia many times since it opens. What I like about it is consistency of good food and service. Estia always delivers and I was never disappointed. Restaurant is pretty spacious with a nice ambiance, Greek music. Favorite dishes are their Hortiki salad, platter with dips, New Zealand mussels, Barbuzo. Prawns are very good as well. But everything I tried was tasty.
Dover sole is delicious but in my opinion is seriously overpriced and does not taste that much better than Lavraki (which is more than half of the price).
They do have prefix theatre menus with a few different options for 33$ per person.
One small thing but for whatever stupid reason it bothers me, the restaurant is rather upscale but when you ask for your bill you get a check with a paper clip...Have been coming here for years. Best Greek food in Philly by far. Great atmosphere and location downtown.A bit late review for March 2014... however dined here with friends and our service was impeccable. The Beet Salad was very flavorful along with the Asparagus-Halibut combination. Better than average Wine selection and both friends enjoyed their dinner choices of NY Strip and the Arni Youvestsi.
I will defenitely return for another relaxing food experience.Dined here while in town. I had the swordfish and my fiancé had the sea bass. We both enjoyed our dinner with good company. The only thing was that it was a bit dark to the point you couldn't see your plate well. The atmosphere, food, and service were good. We will be coming back when back in town.The seafood at Estia is incredible. Also thoroughly enjoyed the moussaka and saganaki. Definitely one of the best restaurants to eat at in PhillyThis place is really outstanding. You really know a restaurant has great food when you can be extremely satisfied despite only eating a meal of side orders! I got the spinach rice (tastes much better than it sounds - trust me) and grilled vegetables (standard, but good). My mom got the roasted chicken entree and it came on a delicious bed of yogurt orzo with caramelized onion and a thyme jus. That one bite of chicken was possibly the best I've had in a long 'thyme' (haha)!
The ambience is a little more sophisticated than I'm used to for my age group - but it was great to bring my mom here for dinner.
 The only negative part of my experience is that we kept getting interrupted with people asking whether we're done. 4 different guys came to ask us within the span of 30 mins!! Before you think it, NO the place wasn't full. There were plenty of open tables and no guests waiting to be seated. (This is why I had to knock off one of the stars from my rating.)Went here to celebrate a 4 year anniversary.  Love the atmosphere and sat in a great seat.  We had the fried cheese (SO good, but salty), the greek salad (delicious, fresh, simple), & scallops with tomato sauce--sooo good. I loved it.I have only ever eaten at the bar and had small plates. The grilled octopus is the best in the city (sorry Dmitri's, someone finally one-upped you) and the salads are all great.  My only complaint is that the wine selection is a bit limited and overpriced. Great for pre-show dining.This is quite late, but we were here during the DNC with a few of my boyfriends colleagues. We arrived a little earlier than everyone else and had a glass of wine at the bar while we waited. The bartender was quick and friendly. We were seated on the main floor near the back. Our waiter was attentive, friendly and hilarious! He had us laughing all night! 
We ordered several appetizers for the table: Grilled octopus, calamari, grilled shrimp, grilled sardines and oysters. All were so great I wasn't sure if I'd have room for my meal! I decided on the lamb chops and requested extra tzatziki in my to go box and the waiter kindly obliged. I think most of us settled on the lamb chops and a couple shared the whole black sea bass. I had a few tastes of the fish and it was excellent. 
I'm looking forward to going back, we were treated well and the food was awesome. Great spot for a business dinner!Came here for dinner with party of 7 on a Saturday night. Our first time here. Our server was simply amazing. He asked us if we were from Philly to which we replied No and he took all our menus away and said I'll take care of you. I think he gave us a little of everything that was on the menu: lamb chops, all types of seafood, salads, chicken, dessert. I forgot all the names but everything was DELICIOUS. I believe our server's name is Jamie(I hope I got that right.) He is the BEST.  I know I will definitely hit up this restaurant again. I go to a lot of restaurants because I love to eat and love to experience new food. This has to be ONE of my top 10. I was thoroughly satisfied.Olive Garden of Greek Food!  Food Factory and impersonal. Second generation Greek myself  - so unfortunate experience - truly was excited to eat at Estia for the first time. . New to Philadelphia and had high hopes..not returning!  If you want a Chili's or Olive Garden franchise like experience - eat at Estia. Sad.Superb!  Go there now!  The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and the food stands up to the beautiful interior. All I can say is Wow!  Estia is the perfect romantic spot if you have a special celebration. But its also just a great place if youre craving perfect Greek food or a drink in a beautiful bar. Superb!We used to live in Astoria, NY, so it is tough to beat their Greek food, but the lamb shanks here were unreal! Highly recommend this place!Had the absolute best dinner here today!! Great service and amazing food!! We had the octopus and mussels for appetizers. Probably the best grilled octopus I've had ever and my mom said the same for her mussels. The sea bass and eggplant entrees were both great too! Will definitely come back here anytime I'm in Philly!Love! Came here for lunch and it was delicious!  It was very warm today, so we sat inside but by the open windows which was nice. Our server was great!  Very sweet and attentive.  It's really cute inside, real Mediterranean vibe!
The bring out a board of house hummus and bread.  The hummus was incredible.
We split the trio of spreads - we chose roasted pepper hummus, eggplant hummus and the tzatziki -all delicious!  We also split the grape leaves which were also so yummy.  I had the "country salad" which was perfect!  The tomatoes were very fresh and the dressing was very light and fresh. 
I will deff be back again!
Side note, when the bill came, I noticed they are owned by the same company as Pietros which I was SHOCKED by because the service and food is so much better.  If you've read my Pietros review, it is probably the worst experience I've had.  So props to Estia for stepping it up!The decor is fitting for the menu and gives off a warm and 'nice' vibe. Must mention that it was a hike to get to the restrooms downstairs. BUT it was an incredibly nice walk through what reminded me of a European Villa with warm tones, dark woods and beautifully tiling. Again....just my opinion here folks.
Sat at the bar while waiting for our table. This might seem like an odd thing to write, but the bar was almost too big and too deep. I felt like I was yelling at the bartender to order and that she needed a step stool to put our drinks down in front of us. As everyone around us were waiting on their tables as well, and were  nibbling on complimentary hummus and pita, we did not get offered any. I know, shame on us for not asking, right?
Would have been nice to have been giving a head's up that we would recieve the same said hummus and pita when we sat at our table, especially before we ordered a crazy amount of food. Again, shame on us for not asking.
Drinks were ok but not much alcohol at all. Like, I am a lightweight drinker only weighing in at 150 pounds on my 5'6" frame and I had SIX drinks. I was walking fine, talking fine and walked 4 blocks to the garage where the car was without assistance or a studder or slip. Again, just sayin' folks....these are things I would want to know!!
Food was good. Fresh fish was cooked well. Sides were average and wait staff again, average.
At the end of the meal, all my friend's ordered the "Greek Coffee" (not sure if that's what it is called on the menu, but it is there special coffee) and I opted for a simple cappuccino. Glad I did. This special coffee, although very amusing to watch everyone react to the intense muddy coffee-type substance in the cup was a waste. Ordered regular coffee for everyone after that.
Again, it was good food and the decor/furnishings were very nice. I would eat here again, one day, if I was craving good hummus and a fairly good meal. But nothing that I am jumping up and down about.Service was excellent
Atmosphere was good, we were able to hear each other talk
Apps and entrees were excellent
Price was around $80/diner with a single bottle on their least costly wine.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly! The food has amazing flavors, especially the lamb chops. The ambiance of the restaurant is aesthetically pleasing and welcoming. The restaurant week menu has true value and I would recommend to anyone!Beautiful interior.  Arrived for a very late lunch about 2:30 on a Friday.  Only about three other tables occupied plus a few people at the bar.  We were given a great table right by the window.  Service was very attentive and the food was delicious.  I went with a Greek salad topped with fried calamari.  The salad was huge.  My husband got the fix priced lunch.  He chose the soup, which was a light tomato base with pieces of halibut and veggies.  He loved it.  He picked the fish of the day which was sea bass.  Very reasonable lunch for $17.  Wonderful experience for lunch!Went for restaurant week. The food was all really good; the portions were small. Enjoyed the octopus, which had a great texture and was very flavorful. Their sea bass was also really tender, just kind of wish that it had sides or something because it was literally just the bass and a wedge of lemon. Service was pretty much non-existent and plates were cleared infrequently. Beautiful restaurant with a lovely candlelit atmosphere.Wonderful Mediterranean style food.  The decor is very reminiscent of actually being there.  While the staff is most likely straight-off-the-boat. The fish is fresh, and the Langostinos were awesome.  We really enjoy this place as a family.  They have good wine selections, and good food options.  Make the waiter laugh a bit, and he'll be really nice and treat you like family.The food was great..across the board, but it was the service that made our evening so special. I had requested a round table in a quiet area for ten people. That was honored and very appreciated. We had relatives in from Detroit who  with family comprised our table . Our waitress was Ann (Annie) who not only was patient in taking our order...(she had to come back often to get those who couldn't make decisions because we were talking and having such a good reunion) but good-natured She never showed a bit of impatience, was attentive, smiling, and gave us  just the right amount of attention without being intrusive.And she very willingly took our pictures with many phones and cameras presented to her. 
Servers can make or break a dining experience. .Ann made it special.Estia is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. They are amazingly consistent. How many times have you been to a restaurant and had a great meal. Memorable. Delicious. So you want to go back and relive the experience. And eventually you return. Only the second time everything is just a little off.  The bread isn't as fresh.  The presentation is sloppy. The fish is overcooked. The vegetables are bland.  And you're asking yourself, "what happened?". Is this the same place I ate at 3 months ago?  
Well, that never happens at Estia.  I have been there at least half a dozen times in the last 3 years. And every time my meal has been perfect.  Salads are the freshest I've ever had and the dressing is awesome. I had the halibut soup several times, and it's like a dream.  The souvlaki is simply amazing.  And the deserts are uniquely Greek treats.  I don't know how Craig Laban ignores this jewel, but you shouldn't overlook Estia.This place introduced me to Greek food and because of it, I now have a high standard for Greek food all over the world. I'll been here on multiple occasions for different reasons, there was an experience of a part of 2, there was an experience of a party of 12, and there was even an experience of a party of 20+. All occurances were equally excellent.
The first time I went here, unsure as to what I should order, the dishes were recommended by the server. He was GREAT. Extremely friendly and knew his dishes inside and out. 
These are the dishes I would recommend:
HOT MEZEDES:
Octopodi - Charcoal grilled octopus with red and white onions, dill, roasted peppers, capers, parsley and red wine vinaigrette
Yemista kalamarakia - Calamari stuffed with a trio of Greek cheeses, grilled served with lemon and extra virgin olive oil
Midia estia - New Zealand mussels, Metaxa, ouzo, shallots, dill, diced tomato and feta
Spread pikilia - Tzatziki, htipiti, melitzano salata served with grilled pita;
also available individually
A word or two about their fishes - they are extremely fresh and are their catch of the day. You can also say hi to your fish of choice before it gets beheaded. I recommend doing their seafood/fish tour before ordering. This will give you an idea as to which fish you might be protentially ordering. I won't order these fishes without taking a peak.
I've tried their fishes, but have never tried their other "land" dishes. However, with the large party, most of the dishes on the menu got ordered (some repeated). The final review? All the dishes served by the restaurant is excellent...! 
So why the 4 stars? The level of service, (incrediablly good) not a five star. Yes, they're highly attentive, very knowledgable, however, it is not a 5 star rating (but this is JUST my opinion).
I highly recommend this place and I highly push/suggest that you order/try something you would not normally eat elsewhere. Worth the money, worth the experience!Absolutely a must.  Wait staff, choice of selection, and taste was "mouth watering" to say the least.  Perhaps, I ended up in the wrong places but I'm not impressed with the food scene in Philly.  This establishment will end up as one of my favorite Greek restaurants to-date.  It's a little pricey but worth every dollar.  The Octopus was the best I've ever had, period!  Directly across the street from the Doubletree, so please check them out; they won't disappoint.Im not sure why Craig LaBan and other major reviewers arent sold on this place. Is it because of comparisons to other Greek Restaurants?  I have no clue. But Im here to tell you that this is the best place Ive been to for Fish in the Philly area.  Service is outstanding, the Octopus is cooked perfectly, and the place itself is beautiful.  I suggest going as soon as possible.I came here with a Greek Family who, after many visits, had become known by the wait staff and owner. They did most of the ordering, and the food was to die for. The lamb fell off the bone just as you would hope, and the array of appetizers were delicious and unique. 
There was a man playing live music near our table. I will update the review when I learn the name of the instrument, but it was native to Greece. 
The youngest of the family - probably 8 at the time, was up and about, exploring and asking questions. Though he was probably causing mischief , the staff was wonderful in keeping an eye out for him and answering his questions. I think they actually enjoyed his youthful, lightheartedness. The staff knew us, so it may be biased, but the service was great.
I didn't see the bill, but I can assume it was not an inexpensive evening out. There was a ton of space, making Estia great for large groups, or even decent sized receptions. There is also a parking lot just next to it.I went here for a work event, and it was great.  A couple of us got there early for a pre-event cocktail and had the Mykonos mojito.  It really doesn't taste like a mojito, but it is delicious.  Who knew Absolut pear vodka would be awesome?  Have to hit up the liquor store for that.
The cocktails continued when the event started downstairs along with some freshly fried eggplant chips that amazing, and perfectly salted.  The waiters walked around with shrimp, crab cakes, lamb meatballs, and chicken skewers, which were all enjoyed.
When we were seated in the dining room the appetizers continued.  There was calamari, pita with assorted dips, two different salads, and spanakopita.  The spanakopita was the stand out.  
For my entree I had the lamb shank.  It was in a tomato sauce, and was very tender with a hint of cinnamon flavor.  I don't usually eat lamb, but I thought it was great, and I see more lamb in my future.
Dessert was a cheesecake factory sized piece of baklava.  I didn't care for it too much, but it might have just been because I was so stuffed.
I would definitely go back for dinner and I recommend it for anyone planning a corporate event or party.  You will be well-fed.An absolutely perfect private dinner spot. The downstairs space is lovely (and accessible with elevator for those who cannot manage stairs) and secluded from the upstairs restaurant.
Knowing how fantastic the food is as a regular diner, I was apprehensive about any restaurant's ability to match itself "in bulk," but man did Estia deliver. Every dish was perfectly seasoned and delicious! I especially loved the beef souvlaki skewers (good cold for leftovers!) and the Greek fries, which I'd added to our menu because of the few kids who would be in attendance, but really, who am I kidding, mostly because I love fries! They were perfectly Greek with a sharp white cheese sprinkled over them. Even the baklava was terrific (and I'm not usually a baklava lover): not too saturated by honey, phyllo quite light and crispy. Yum!
The staff were all lovely: and so very helpful. And they didn't even seem to mind that a few tables lingered past when we had the room for!
Thank you for such a great time, Estia! I know re-visitors to Philadelphia will return, as will I!Second time here. First was perfect we couldn't wait to try them again.
This place is wonderful. Food and Service are oit if this world!