m not totally sure why I hadn't been to Eulogy in so long. Sure, it's in a spot that annoying to drive to, and weekend night here are more crazy than that of the zoo. But my love of beer and food should bring me here more often.
Eulogy has a lot in common with Monk's: Excellent Belgian bars with great tap and bottle lists. They both have great food, including mussels, and also sport multiple bars with different taps. So far, everything is great. But I'm not just going to write a comparison between the two, because it might just be boring.
I've been on a quest for my favorite burger in Philly, but after eating too many fist-thick pub burgers, I decided to scale back a bit. Still, I've heard good things about the burger here, so I couldn't resist. The result? A perfectly cooked, shaped and seasoned burger. Burgers come with your choice of cheese and one topping. Cheddar and leeks did me very well. It's easily one of my top burger spots in the city. I also tried the white wine mussels. These are also a delicious choice.
Now throw some of the best beer selection in the city on top? Eulogy makes good use of their bar to serve up a Belgian heavy menu, while also keeping a few excellent domestic beers. I started out with Kwak Amber. It was a delicious beer, and could only be outdone by me next choice, Gulden Draak. These are some of the premier beers in the world, available only a short bike ride from my house. The Draak comes in at %10.5, but is so well crafted you can't even tell. Sure, it's $9 a glass, but that doesn't change my recommendation.
I visited over lunch, so it was pretty slow and the staff was restocking a bit and moving things around. But the food still came out quickly, and the bartender was on top of the service. To boot, he was also really cool. I'm sure it's a trend with most who work here.
Bottom Line: Come here ready to eat, drink, and have an excellent time. Make sure you have your wallet, because the bill can add up quickly, especially with the beer. This is one of the top spots in the Olde City, and my favorite Belgian spot in Philly.What could possibly be said here that hasn't been said already? It's just one of the best beer bars I've ever been to. Great spot. 
And I really should know since I bleed beer. No, seriously. It's true! My blood is like a nice 11.5% trippel. Hints of floral and spiced pear on the nose with thick three finger head. Beautiful lacing on the glass. The taste starts hoppy and spicy but washes with a mellow sweetness. My blood that is.The mussels are delicious and its the best fish and chips in the city.  The beer menu is insane.  Our server really knew what she was talking about and made great recommendations.  It was our first time, and we will definitely be back.Great beer, but terrible service. After returning to my hometown for a weekend, I was excited to catch up with a group of friends at eulogy. We had reservations, sat down, ordered some drinks (which we did get in a timely manner) but waited 45 mins and were then told by our waiter (in a pretty unfriendly tone) that there was a "computer glitch" in the food ordering system, and that it may be "15 minutes." and then he asked us if we wanted to leave. What?! Another half hour later, still no food, no manager (even though we asked to speak to one) and people around us were getting food, yet our waiter barely acknowledged us. We eventually walked out and the manager gave us free drinks. The most bizarre , terrible experience and we will not be going back.Best Mussels in philly. Located in old city, it's a divey bar. Get the dijon mussels- so good!!!!!!! Garlicy and mustardy but super flavorful. 8.99 for a lb, not bad and it comes with some bread. Amazing beer selection as well!Had business lunch.  Good beer, good mussels, good fries. Knowledge friendly accommodating staff.The best mussels in the city!  The bartenders have a great knowledge of beer, just tell them what you like and they will find you an excellent beer.
The place is a bit of a dive but the food and beers are worth it!
Go upstairs to avoid the crowds.I really like this place, and it's for very simple reasons.  The staff are always friendly and nice to me.  They know their product through and through.  They are like beer therapists here, guiding you to the right choice.  Every time I go I essentially see the same staff.  To me, low turn over is a good thing, it means these people know what they are doing.  The food is good.  I like the burger and fries a lot.  They are not greasy or dripping in oil.  They are fresh and tasty!  The sauces are good too. I can't speak for the rest of the food, it looks and smells great, but I just always get the burger.  You can't beat the beer selection.  I know people rave about Monks' and I like that place but Eulogy, to me has got them beat.  
It does get crowded Fri. & Sat. nights.  It can be a pain to get a seat.  If that happen it happens, no big deal.  I like this place enough that I don't really care.  If I can't get a seat, I'll juts try again another time.  It's not going anywhere, and I'll be back at some point.  This a great place.  Normally it's the first place I tell anybody about whenever they ask me a question about Philly.  
If beer is you thing, this is the place.  At the very least, it's definitely worth going to at least once to SEE the menu and try SOMETHING.
One of my happy spots!Eulogy is always a great time. I don't make it out to Old City much, but when I do, I always try to visit. The beer selection is epic and the food is awesome - try the "beer mussels!" It can get pretty packed on the weekends, but I don't think it feels as cramped as some of the other Old City staples. 
Be aware that they don't take reservations for parties greater than a certain amount - greater than 4 people, I think.
Quick story:
We went here on an extended lunch break at work one time. We were seated upstairs and were the only ones there. So, the waiter asked us if we wanted to listen to some music; we answered in the affirmative. He takes out his iPod plugs it in and asks was we want to hear. We say, 'anything.' He looks at us pensively, considers carefully, and responds, 'you guys look like Radiohead kinda guys," and proceeds to put on 'OK Computer' by Radiohead. 
I always find this story amusing because I'm not sure what a Radiohead fan looks like or if it is just a safe pick because lots of people like Radiohead. Either way, I enjoyed it and we had a good time.
Would absolutely recommend stopping by if you're in Old City.Sorry to say we didn't have a great experience. Chicken sandwich was charred to the point of inedible. Grilled shrimp were over cooked and impossible to peel. Mussels and beer were good. Food took forever to come out. Server was lovely though.If you heart beer then you've come to the right place.  An extensive selection and every one of them is served in the proper glass.  If you're a diehard Nascar fan and would like to remain faithful to your Budweiser or Yuengling, then that's ok, too.  But as the menu states, "Heck, if you'll pay 5 bucks for a pint, we'll serve it to you."  For that price or a buck more, why not just try a delicious Belgian ale or something you've never even heard of before!  There's plenty on the beer list to keep even the self declared connoisseur at bay...and perhaps 3 sheets to the wind.
Try the mussels - divine!  And perhaps the best frites in the city!Unlike a lot of bar/restaurants, they don't let you forget they're a bar. Food was roughly 10% of the menu, with the balance in beer. Hundreds of beers, in really small font. With terms and words I don't understand--I was ashamed. My suggestion: Ignore the menu (other then the food part) and just explain what you're looking for to your waiter/bartender. You're going to tip them a hefty bit based on the alcohol they're serving you--let them earn it. They don't seem to mind, and I bet they understand all the terms anyway.
I'm not much of a beer drinking (though I did manage to find several that evening that I enjoyed, so there is always hope), so let's talk food: Mussels and crab cake sandwich. Mussels were average, on the large size, but I didn't think they were anything special. I chose my "sauce" (Herb and Garlic) poorly. It was good, but didn't add much to the mussels. I would choose differently in the future. Crab Cake Sandwich. To be fair, I spent a great deal of my childhood in the Chesapeake Bay, and I'm a crab-snob, but I wasn't impressed. The cake was very large and felt like the crab had been "stretched" by using lots of breadcrumbs. It had decent flavor, and I enjoyed the bread/sauce, etc, that came with it, but I wouldn't get the crab cakes again. My wife had a hamburger, which was delicious (as I took a huge bite of it when offered, I'm kind've a dick), which is why they don't lose points. (Honestly, most people would probably be happy with the crab cakes anyway.)
For reference: As of right now, their online menu isn't ever updated to match their real menu. We overheard one other conversation about that that evening, so maybe they'll either kick their webmaster's ass or just take the menu off entirely.The Good: great beer list, damn good Belgian house drafts.
The Very Bad and the Very Ugly: how can a Belgian restaurant not do mussels right? Note to kitchen staff - CLEAN THE FUCKIN' MUSSELS!  Did every one of my mussels have sand in them? yeah, just about.  how about in the order for my wife?  yeah, the same lack care there too. Fries? Nice big portion, but cooked in cold oil, so even though they were made in house, and hot, they were soggy.  that kinda does matter when you serve them with mayo.
You can get a burger or chicken sandwich just about anywhere in Philadelphia, but you go to a Belgian place for mussels.  Don't go here.Went with local colleague and it was a treat. I like the local scene and this did not disappoint. I think there were 4-6 pages of just beer. What can I say - UTOPIA? I was not sure about eating in this dive but to my surprise the chow was tasty. Just had appetizers but made it a meal. I will be back.I took my husband and twelve of our friends here for his birthday dinner.  We were seated in our own room upstairs without delay.  Pays to make those reservations.   Our server was on point, and made sure everyone had a drink from the massive beer menu whenever it seemed they needed one.  The food was amazing and not one person let a morsel go to waste.  This was a great choice for a group meal as there was something for everyone.  Very happy we came. Loved the giant beer menu, loved the food, and loved the decor and overall vibe of the place. Super unique and fun!Little new can be said about this place and apparently it's well known in Philly but somehow until today I misses out. Well, no more.
Today I stopped in; And I am not embarrassed to say why:
1. the sign that said "Chimay on Tap" 
    (which made it a no brainer for me)
2. The unmistakable small of something yummy and garlicky. 
    (again, no brainer )
The place was dark, low-key and a bit snug to say the least. The speakers cranked out smooth tunes that create a great vibe and don't intrude on conversation. The upstairs could have use a coat of paint but I overlooked that preferring to concentrate on the 200+ Ale selection. After perusing the list a bit I was convinced that this place is on par with Monks. No question. So I made my drink selection and went onto the food.
After some back and forth a cohort and I decided to split their chicken sandwich and 3-cheese grilled cheese. Both were good and both had Boursin cheese on them. In fact, I noticed also that Eulogy has a tendency to use Boursin cheese, a soft creamy textured cheese with a unique garlic and herb flavor, on many of its dishes, from burger to chicken sandwich to grilled cheese, which I dig I allot ; Plus frites (fries) which come along side their sandwiches are twice fried  ambrosia.
Some of the best pub food everEven though I stopped by on a slow Sunday night, with only an hour left before they closed early for their holiday party, I still had very enjoyable first Eulogy experience.  
The bartender took her time listening to the types of beers I enjoy to better recommend something from their enormous selection.  She was even able to recommend a fantastic selection for my not-so-beer savvy friend.  
The food was very reasonably priced, and surprisingly delicious.  I ordered the grilled hanger steak sandwich (without mushrooms).  As any self respecting sandwich should be, it was a bit difficult to eat.  However, the combination of onions, melted gruyere, and perfectly cooked steak made every bite worth the effort.  Luckily, the fries (which were actually the reason I was encouraged to try out Eulogy) were there to sop up the mess.  Basically, it was a french-onion-soup-dip-belgian-cheese steak party in my mouth.  Can't go wrong with that.  
After three beers and two sandwich entrees had been devoured/imbibed, the check was only $38.  I will definitely be visiting Eulogy again very soon.Good place to be on a Sunday Night. The beers were good, nice choice of beers as well, and as usual the mussels were great, the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs. Filled up on too much beer and hence cannot comment on the food. But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern. If you are a handcraft beer person, this is a fantastic place to be.I don't think I would come back soon again after the fifteen minutes I spent here Saturday night. We walked in- three friends and myself- and at only 11-ish the place seemed uncomfortably packed. As we noticed the downstairs bar was too full, we maneuvered ourselves upstairs to conveniently find an open table. Sitting down without asking first, we expected some resistance from the waitress. But without telling us that the table was reserved for another party, she asked us questions so as to suggest we leave. 
"Do you guys just want drinks?"
"Yeah."
 This table is for parties who order food."
"Well, then we'll order food."
"Well, this table is on a waiting list. Are you on one?"
"No. We're not going to wait for a table."
-- And that was it, she just walked away down the stairs. There was no "I'm sorry" or "You could wait by the bar." It felt dismissive.
Aside from all that, the lighting is appropriate for small parties 2-5 people. But the clientele were a mixed bunch mid 20's to early 40's. I hate going to places where the crowd is significantly older than I am. But this place deserves a revisit :)Sit wherever you want and pretty good service. The beer selection is large and the staff is happy to help you choose a beer to your liking. My friend and I ordered moules dijon and moules beer, which both came with a piece of bread. The moules dijon was creamy and tangy - delicious! The moules beer wasn't that great - mussels and beer make a strange combination compared to the typical mussels and white wine. However, they charged an extra $0.50 for an extra piece of bread...
Definitely liked Monk's Cafe a lot better in terms of food.This is one of those places you hope to stumble upon while visiting a city. Somewhere locals go that's still in a central location for tourists and feels safe. Great bartender and the mussels are top notch. Not a big place but if you're a beer lover you may spend all day here.Enlightened beer list.  Crazy-friendly service.  Two floors.  Great location.  Why are you still reading this?  Go get a beer at Eulogy!Great service, tons of great beers, and great food.  My gf's friend PJ took us here when we were visiting and it was pretty awesome.  Kind of small place, but they have an upstairs bar as well.  That might be dangerous if you cannot handle your alcohol (coming down the stairs afterward).Fantastic little bar!!!  A great beer selection with knowledgeable staff.  The tap list rotates regularly and they give you a list of what's coming up. This was a great little find as I was wandering through the city.A couple sits down at the bar, the guy orders a Miller Lite. Bartender says 'For around $0.50 more you could get a good beer'. Automatic 5 stars.The burgers are amazing and so are the mussels. Beer selection is second to none in Philadelphia. They boast the biggest beer selection in the city and as far as I can tell, it's not an exaggeration. On busy nights you might get overlooked due to short staff and large crowds, but it's still well worth checking out. Still on my top 5 bars in Philly and if you're visiting I highly recommend it.Wait staff here has always been super impressive.  Beer selection is unmatched and heavenly!  It's been a while since I ate there but don't recall any issues or being unhappy at all.  I think the best part is the beer menu.  roughly 200 different bottles of beer with it's country of origin and alcohol %.  A little less educational than Monk's but more informative about the beer itself - if that makes any sense.Tiny & rustic  - the previous review says people were "5 deep" at the bar - really hard to believe unless they were standing outside, the place just insn't that big - went for lunch but since they only have about 3 tables downstairs our party of 4 was banished upstairs.  Plus, the poor bartender had to tend bar (not a stool to be had) and handle all the tables, including food!  Incredible beer menu - decent food - avg. prices for Old City - overall, unless your a beer snob, nothing special.Bottle selection is great, but draught variety is somewhat tired.  Service on a Monday night was slow, but I've had worse (unfortunately, the place I've had worse service was also... Eulogy)Stumbled on this place on our way from the hostel...what a find. The beer list is spectacular and the ambiance inside was perfect -- not too crowded, not too empty but we could still hear ourselves talk. Service was fine. Cool little spot for a very casual drink and there are some other bars down the street too if you feel like bar-hopping.A friend and I often visit this place to whittle down our list of Belgian varieties and trade cinema-talk with the bartender.  It is a local city bar, through and through.  Warning:  Don't sit so close to the kitchen because you will smell buffalo wings on your jacket for the rest of the week.What a gem! The beer list is substantial. The food is good, especially the fries! Make reservations if you want to sit for dinner. Or if you just want to stop in for a beer head to the upstairs bar and hope that Conor is working.  Not only is he friendly and personable but his beer knowledge is excellent as one should expect at an establishment like this.Really geared towards hardcore beer aficionados.  Great ambiance, especially upstairs.Came here with some friends for a daytime release of Pliny the Younger. The line moved quickly and we were given generous pours. All the prices were reasonable, and their Belgian fries rocked!Love this place. Delicious beers, delicious grilled cheese (WITH BACON ON IT).
We visited for dinner and to watch the Eagles vs. Colts game, and will most certainly be back. The bartender was very polite (even fielded a variety of stupid questions from me with grace) and super knowledgeable about the beer selection. He made some great recommendations. The atmosphere is great, too - this place would be great for a date or small group of friends (at least downstairs, didn't see upstairs).
It's pricey, but deservedly so because of the quality of food and drinks.Big beer list... lots of places have that.
Apathetic service; as someone else mentioned, they all look like they'd rather be doing something else.
Tip: when you order steak frites (they pretentiously use the Dutch spelling, for some reason) and the first thing your waiter brings is a heavily-used bottle of ketchup, you are probably not in a truly "Belgian tavern". Steak was cooked OK; "frites" were really more like '70s "steak fries" from Western Sizzlin'.
There are tons of places in Philly with great beer lists and lots of them have good food. Skip this hipster haven.At this location you will find the sexiest bartender in Philadelphia. 
Me.  
If your a beer lover or simply just a run of the mill alcoholic, feel free to come in and listen to my ipod play the smash hits from my music collection over the house speakers as I get you blistering drunk.So I just came out from the bathroom... and no it isn't what you think.....wait for it....
Beer list is wonderful. Wine list is decent for a beer place. 
Happy hour is the good part. Fries are usually good but can be soggy and salt lacking at times.  
Wine happy hour is not listed but it's 5.99 for all selections including the split of sparkling. Ask for the types of aioli. 
3-4 beer choices for HH. 
Muscles can be muscly but worth the price...great sauce. 
So yes weekend / daily happy hour? Worth it.  It's a little dark and dingey and dicey. For someone that doesn't do that, it's manageable. 
.....back to the first sentence.... this place has got to clean it up. You can see a rim if you even bent down a little bit.... full of brown.... it is terrible.
A festival port o potty is way better... cleaner. No more soap, a tiny drip, no toilet paper on the hanger and wet being on the sink, paper towels on the toilet next to a brown spot.
I'm obviously a little sickened but come for the beers and leave before you need to go.  If your going to make us consume items where need to , they need to fix the end result.   
Oh- the servers are nice. So that's a plus.I had the 3 cheese grilled cheese and it was GREAT! The beer selection is awesome, where do they store all of the choices? The server was very knowledgable and friendly! If I lived in Philly this would be a good watering hole:-)Personally, I am not a real beer drinker, but I try it anyway. I ordered a bottle lambic, which was good. The food was not bad either. We had ordered Tuna sandwich and duck confit. The tuna sandwich wasn't bad, it's a decent price. However, the duck confit was a bit salty. I finished it anyway since I hadn't have lunch. If you love beers, this is the place you want to go. The food was OK in my opinion.After running the Philadelphia Marathon this year, my friends and I decided to treat ourselves to boat loads of Belgian beer.  We were sold on the place when we saw that Eulogy serves 'Palm', which is my Belgian husband's favorite beer and completely impossible to get in most of the U.S., at least where we live in San Francisco.
We ended up having a spectacular evening trying many, many different kinds of beer (some not even Belgian), and best of all we got waited on by the best server ever!  Having grown up in Iowa and now living in San Francisco, I think I'm way too friendly for Philadelphia.  Most servers in Philadelphia kept looking at me like I was taking too much of their time with all my friendliness.  :D   However, Mariana totally took my west coastiness in stride and was super friendly and helpful.  Everyone at my table was instantly loving her.  Mariana, you rule!
But seriously, if you're looking for the best selection of Belgian beer outside of Belgium that I've ever seen, go to Eulogy!  Since I'm married to a Belgian and spent 3 weeks in Belgium this year gaining 8 pounds solely from beer, I feel I know what I'm talking about.disclaimer: i'm not really qualified to write about beer, but this is where i discovered a new favorite wine.
if you want an endless list of beer choices in philly, this is the place to go.  seriously, the menu for beer was at least 4 pages long with each option listed in about 10 point font.
i'm more of a wine drinker and usually go for a merlot, shiraz, pinot noir or chardonnay.  but after hitting up belgian tavern, my new favorite is the riesling.  yum-my!Food was ok, not a standout. Good place to drink beer but service was poor. Bathroom was filthy!!!If you do not enjoy this bar it's most likely because you hate fun. 
I ended up there, roughly after 10pm on a Friday night w/ a friend. We had a seat at the bar within 20 seconds (no, really). The bartenders were attentive, knowledgeable, sweet, and one of the off duty bartenders even sat with my friend and I, providing -even more- suggestions. 
Any place that offers more beer on the menu than food is a gold mine. Any place that has a wait staff/kitchen staff (met them too, much later), and so on and so forth who kicks it at the bar after a 12 hour shift is amazing. 
Music was phenomenal. I haven't listened to M83 since undergrad! 
I could write something like the epic of Gilgamesh about this establishment but I'll abstain. 
If you like amazing beer, a wonderful staff, and just an all around good time, go to Eulogy. It also helps if you like Diplo, too. :)I was never a beer drinker until I met Eulogy Belgian Tavern.  I was more of a mixed drink kind of girl.  But I just hadn't had good beer.
I have had some really fun times here.  The service is great.  I usually say something like, "If I like Hoegarden, what else would I like?" and I always get good suggestions.  I discovered my favorite beer ever at this place, La Chouffe.  It's normally on tap and I highly recommend it.
Don't forget the twice fried Belgian Frietjes, the ultimate snack after you have gotten drunk on high alchohol content Belgian beer.  One of my favorite places in Philly.This is a real bar serving seriously delicious beer.  The TVs are small and there isn't much room to maneuver around in the lower bar but once you lift up the heavy chalice to your lips and taste the beer crafted by monks and blessed in a european monestary, you won't be able to touch a bud again.Excellent old school Belgian food with and INCREDIBLE beer selection. Highly recommended.My wife and I like to stop by every so often, and enjoy mussels, a pitcher of Kasteel Rouge and a Pitcher of Chimay as a standard.  Sometimes mix in a bottle of trappist or anything St. B.  We stay away from the Lambics.  Their Fries are consistently thick and crispy.  You fit one Frite into your mouth because of the thickness but becareful, they are hot and crispy.  The mussels, you can't go wrong.  You don't need a menu, unless its to get a beer list.  Mussels through and through.  And a side order of Frites with the house sauce.   I have been here and to Monks.  and I was reminded again, why we go to Eulogy more often.  You can't go wrong.  It's all subjective.  Food has to appeal to the eye, pallete, but also the texture of the food.  Eulogy, the frites are cripsy and well seasoned and the mussels are well done and appeal to the nose and taste buds.  Well worth the trolley ride into town from University City.  
Last time we were there, we made reservations for a group of 6 that turned into  group of 15 by the time the night wass over.  They kept the food coming and the beer a pouring, and the server was right in step.  I was amazed at their ability to allow us to stay as long as we wanted to, were friendly to us kept the beer coming, kept the order straight, and no one ever had an empty glass.  We all had a great time, if you let them know a bit ahead of time, (and you don't ask for coors light, go to Rotten Ralphs for that) they accomodate your needs, keep you happy, and prevent thirst.  I liked how they handled our group even though about 9 or more were unexpected.I am not a fan of Philly, just not one of my favorite places (sorry).  BUT with that said, they do have some worthy cuisine which brings me to this place.  I went here with a good friend who is very knowledgeable about everything beer (he cranks out some surprisingly palatable homebrews) and had a great time.  While beer is not my beverage of choice,  I do like a lambic every now and then so my friend suggested the skullsplitter--very good.  
But the best thing about this place for me (most people are there for the epic list of beers) is the MUSSELS.  Oh me goodness, authentic belgium mussels served in a warm bucket soaked in bleu cheese, bacon, garlic onions, and peppers.  With the steam rising out of that little bucket giving me a shellfish facial, I was in heaven and hardly uttered a word until each little delectable bit was shucked.  
One other point worth mentioning.  Remember the theme is Eulogy so that brings extra ambience to this Belgian setting.  There is one room upstairs where the table resembles a casket--it has a glass top with a skeleton inside.  I found this rather entertaining but unfortunately one of my fellow diners found it nauseating so we ate in another room.  Would be fun if you feel up to it (or maybe I'm just that demented-could be either).  Go and have fun : )Mussels are out of this world.
Huge stock of Belgian and other European bars on draft and in the bottle.
Great ambiance and fine, fine place to wile some time away.
One of the best spots in the city.We thoroughly enjoyed Eulogy, despite it being very crowded and noisy, and in spite of the fact that the staff wasn't  particularly friendly.  (What they are is competent, esp. regarding the beer.)  Our food was terrific.  We had and loved, the duck, sausage and frites.  But the star was the BEER!  If you are a beer lover, this is heaven, with an estimated 500 on the menu.  Unbelievable!Good bar upstairs or down.  The service at the bar is terrific.  A decent selection of beers well known and explained by the bartenders.  The mussels, fries and the sandwiches are very good; the bread served with the mussels is the best you will find anywhere.  
I am an occasional returnee with different friends each time and find it consistent and good.There are several reasons I go to Eulogy: It's across the street (basically) from my house, they have an insane beer selection (and I do mean insane), video games at the bar (yes, I actually do like these), take out beer, and really good food.
My favorite beer is the Rodenbach Grand Cru. I think maybe it's an acquired taste because it's one of the sour beers. They have beers to please everyone though. They also have the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had...a crunchy roll, fancy cheese, and a yummy tomato. If a dream were a sandwich, this would be it. A friend of mine drives across town just for their meatballs. 
Apparently, one of the guys from one of the 'Real World' casts from like 10 years ago works there/owns it...? The funny thing about this little fact is that the person who told me actually referred to this person as a celebrity. 
Anyway, I love this place.I am not a beer drinker so I had never gravitated in here before. But when in Rome, or when accompanied by a Belgian Ale drinker, you go with the flow. So we popped in for a mid-day drink & bite. I being the dedicated DD stuck to drinking pop (I believe "soda" is what you natives call it). My friend had a Chimay white label ale and was very pleased. 
Now on to the food. The menu is not to extensive for lunch but what they do offer is very tasty & it came out quickly. We split the fresh motz & tomato salad which was ok. But the sandwiches we ordered were very good. Smothered in Borsin cheese how could you go wrong? The fries (they have a fancy name for them that I can't quite recall or begin to spell correctly) were crispy, flavorful, but not too greasy. 
All in all a very nice mid-day meal. Very filling though, we did not eat the rest of the day. I will definitely wander back sometime when I am in the area again.Stopped in to have a couple of beers prior to dinner at a nearby restaurant.  We were drawn in by the extensive beer list and selection.  We sat at the downstairs bar - which wasn't terribly busy.  It took longer than 10 minutes for the bartender to come by / acknowledge that we were there.  I asked for a beer menu which we were given and then another good 10 minutes to take our order.  My wife wanted a draft that was on tap upstairs but not downstairs.  We offered to go upstairs but we're told they could bring it down.  I ordered a bottle off of the bottle list.
10 more minutes go by - no beers.  We grab the bartender and she flags someone down and he runs upstairs.  More time goes by but he finally comes down with one beer.  I ask about mine and she turns to the runner and asks where is my beer and he said he only knew about the one.  She tells him I ordered "the ipa" and he goes back upstairs.  At this point I'm confused because I ordered a bottle and he didn't ask which one.  The runner came back down and put a beer in front of me.  It was warm - which I knew it was a draft.  I tasted it and confirmed it was not the beer I wanted and recognized that it was a beer on tap upstairs because I've had it before - Troegs - which has a flowery and fruity taste to it.  When I questioned the bartender she tried to cover up and say it was the one I asked for.  I said it wasn't on the draft list and she told me it was newly listed.  Come on - just fess up and say you made a mistake....
They did finally get the bottle that I asked for.  The bartender never came back and I had to flag her down for a check after our beers were empty for 10 minutes.  We paid and went across the street from there.  Short sided bad service - too bad for her.I really used to love Eulogy. A few weeks ago I would be raving about their french fries (the best in the city!) or gushing over the Dijon Mussels (they're so decadent!). Yes, until last Thursday.
A couple of friends and I walked in, got a table, and were immediately shocked by the total menu overhaul. Of course, menus change just like seasons, or underwear, and the food was great before so we were sure it would be just as wonderful now. They had kept the dijon mussels on the menu, we happily ordered them with another mussel variety and french fries.
When we got our food it was nowhere near what we expected. The sauces for the mussels were bland and the fries were soggy. Bite after bite was worse and worse. 
The worst part is that when we asked our waiter what happened to the great food, he informed us that a new chef had taken over and changed the menu. I emailed the restaurant the next day to let them know that we were disappointed in the food. I was met with excuse after excuse--including the worst excuse of all, "You dined her eon a Thursday. It's not as if you were here on Saturday."
So apparently Eulogy is fantastic, but only on Saturdays.Its been a while since i went there... But i am writing this out of spite, i threw my father's 60th birthday party and invited about 20 of his friends from near and far.  
Even though the place was empty when we got there, they said we couldn't all sit together and tried to sit some over here, some over there and some at the bar.  Dont approve a reservation weeks a head of time if you cant handle it! Our terrible service and pissy-ass waitresses made the party chaotic and annoying rather than laidback.  I am sure the beer list is amazing and food is not too bad, but I would't go here with anymore then two people.There are really two big reasons to go to Eulogy: their extensive beer list, and their oysters. I'm not a huge beer drinker, so it's nice to have a huge selection of beers to explore because I'm always bound to stumble upon something I'll enjoy. They also have some fun seasonal cocktails if you feel like branching out.
The service is not always consistent, by the oysters are. They are big and tasty, and the sauce is incredible. When you've finished the oysters, you have to use the bread to soak up the rest of the sauce, because no matter which sauce you choose it's going to be amazing.I have been to Eulogy several times and my most recent visit left me disappointed. The beer menu is extensive but that is about the only perk to this place.
We sat upstairs. Our server was not all that attentive and made it known that there was no bartender on the second floor and she would have to run up and down the steps for our drinks.
I ordered the mussels with red sauce and was disappointed especially since this place is supposed to be known for their mussels. The red sauce didn't have much flavor and was rather blah. The bread that was served with it was terrible. I'm used to crunchy bread to go with mussels. This bread was spongy and did not taste fresh. It tasted like it sat in a plastic bag on a counter for a couple days. The fries were an extra $5 and unimpressive, so unimpressive that they shouldn't be charging for the fries or the very average sauce that comes with the fries. For mussels, Eulogy doesn't even come close to Monks, Belgium Cafe or Royal Tavern.
The bathroom on the second floor is also super warm- I am guessing because it is above the kitchen.I go here before movies at the Ritz or other Old City outings. I love it! Most recently I went on a Sunday night and had some excellent beers. My bartender knew his beers and gave me wonderful recommendations. Will definitely go again.[Edit 1/9/2008 - Was contacted by mentioned 'friendly bar tender' (dave) through Yelp where he offered an additional comp'd beer, an apology and explained that the waitress was new.   You can't always control how a new staff member acts, shit happens... will probably give it another shot]
Worst Dining Experience Ever.  In all honesty I cannot remember the last time I have been this annoyed with somewhere.
I have been to Eulogy a dozen times, usually for lunch as I live in Old City and work for home, and I always have had great service from the bartenders.
Tonight (Sunday) I decided to pop in with a friend for Dinner, big mistake.  We ordered two gruyere cheese burgers,  and began the long wait.  15 minutes later we got our drinks.  My friend gets a soda (nursing a hangover) which has no CO2 in it, completely flat.  We tell the waitress, to which she replies "yeah our soda is really bad".  Well thanks for letting us know when we ordered it, and don't tell me 'the soda is bad', everyone uses the same syrup, the damn C02 needs to be changed.  We then watched the same conversation transpire with the couple next to us when a lady ordered a soda and the waitress told her their 'sprite was bad'  (with no apology).
55 Minutes later out came the burgers.  (Mind you it was a bit crowded, but certainly not overcrowded).  As the waitress brought out the burgers, my friend noticed one of them was on a hoagie roll. No apologies or explanation from the waitress.  To add insult to injury the burger on the roll was way overdone, charred to crisp (instead of medium) and the cheese was hard and cold.  No apologies from the waitress again, she actually made it seem that we were privileged to have her stop by the table (c'mon, it wasn't that busy)
Thankfully the friendly bar tender downstairs comp'd the burger and we left and got Cheesesteaks at Sonny's which did not dissapoint.
Thanks [new waitress], next time I'll goto Monks (and so will everyone I talk to). Theres a dozen ways you could have rectified the situation, all it would have taken was an apology.  [1/9/2008 see top for updates...]I love Eulogy.
We've been pretty much regulars for a while there now.
Their beer selection is probably unmatched in the Philly area.
However, over time the menu and quality of food has greatly deteriorated...
I would still recommend the place, but more for the beer than anything else.Eulogy is a two-part, extremely cramped Belgian cafe and beer bar. For Philly Beer Week, this place had a wild tap list including fresh Hill Farmstead Double Citra, Port Brewing Hightide, Hill Farmstead Everett. It was a miracle. But Eulogy doesn't always have such a stellar tap list and the good stuff was only pouring downstairs, which is cramped beyond belief. Essentially impossible to order a drink. Upstairs was similarly cramped, but you can sit at tables. The upstairs bar gets the B tap list forcing you to get beer from downstairs and cart it up through pandemonium to your table. Bottle list was uninspiring. On a normal day, Eulogy is a bit too gimmicky and forced on the Belgian theme. I didn't think the food quite made up for it. However, it is popular, fun, and a local favorite. I would certainly peek my head in to see if anything special is on tap.Just moved to Philadelphia and were looking for a relaxing place for beer and dinner. We found Eulogy online and were impressed with its lengthy beer menu, and popped in for a try. After being seated upstairs, we received the extensive beer list, along with a food menu consisting of typical bar fare. Our waiter, Steve, was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable, providing recommendations on beers. The food was delicious, as was the beer, and we look forward to returning again.Ah, beer. I love beer. Like, Im in love with beer. I wish I could move to the South where I could potentially marry a nice bottle of beer.
Eulogy has 10000000+ bottles of beer. Ok, that might not be true, but they have a ton of beer. Maybe too much beer? Maybe. Its hard to pick one sometimes. I know I sound like a hypocrite saying I love beer then complaining about a huge list, but it is hard to pick a beer unless you know what you may want. The staff are well educated on the massive list and can help pick something out if you find yourself lost. 
The muscles are amazing. The Old Bay Shrimp is amazing. The burgers are amazing. This place is amazing.
It can get pretty packed on Friday and Saturday nights, so make sure to make a reservation!Had dinner here last Friday eve. Arrived still in time for Happy Hour which is a great deal for drinks. I ordered the Mussels Provençal -- delicious!  The sauce was great, the mussels were large and plumb and the 1lb was sufficient. Disappointing though is that they don't serve the mussels with a tasty, crusty baguette or artisanal bread. Supermarket white bread is pretty uninteresting as an accompaniment to the mussels - so points off for that. 
Service is pretty disappointing as well. Really a pity when food and drink is reasonably good and the service just turns you off to a place.  Unfortunately there are an increasing number of places throughout the area suffering from the same malady -- servers who think it's more compelling to chat among themselves or consume their time texting than to provide good customer service to their patrons. Bout time restaurant management took it up to enforce some customer service rules.Best bar in Philadelphia! The biggest selection of Belgium beers available, including some of the highest rated Belgium  beers in the world. The food- get the fish and chips or clams. The french fries are amazing, the clams are the best ( especially the Dijon ones) and the steak frites are pretty damn good tooI went to Eulogy long years ago before I had learned to appreciate beer. I was on the most awkward date of my life and our third wheel (in congruence with the fourth and fifth wheels) suggested we stop at Eulogy for dinner. Being the horrific mishmash of budding foodie and goth chick, I thought it was just the place for me! It wasn't until much later that I realized it really was.
Eulogy is a narrow place; I'd recommend against it if you're highly claustrophobic. It took me awhile to get used to knocking elbows with the people to either side of me. I have since learned the ways of personal space while at a crowded bar. There's a lot of wood in this place (talking about the decor, not the patrons.) And I love that you get the feeling of old-school ale house as soon as you walk in. Eulogy is lit like a tavern, downstairs and upstairs (yes, they have an upstairs for you folks who want a little intimacy.) It really just sets the mood for a wonderful experience.
The bartenders know their stuff. And so does the waitstaff. The first time I was there after turning twenty-one, I asked for a beer recommendation for someone who didn't like beer. The bartender I was dealing with asked me a few more questions about flavors I preferred (sweet versus bitter, floral versus fruity) and they offered me a sample of three different beers they had on tap that might suit my palate. And boy howdy, they were spot on with ALL. THREE. I was so shocked that someone who absolutely hated the taste of bottled pretzels (what I affectionately called all the beer I've ever sipped) could find that same abhorrent beverage enjoyable. And, much to my shock and delight, they didn't charge me for a sample of the beers! I don't know if I got lucky or what, but I thought that was fantastic.
The food is Belgian-inspired. Lots of mussels and frites are served here and upon having them, I can understand why they're the most popular things on the menu. I haven't had better mussels anywhere else in Philadelphia and I'm a massive bivalve fiend. They have nine different mussel dishes, served with a crusty piece of bread for sopping up the broth they're cooked in (and believe you me, you are going to want to freebase some of these broths.) And if you're not really a fan of the shelled and the unctuous, then there's plenty of standard (well, upscale standard) bar fare for you to choose from.
Their menu pales in comparison to their beer list. Front and back, double sided, eight-point-font - over 300 different beers to choose from and they list the type, the flavors contained therein, the country of origin, and the alcohol percent. It bears repeating: these people know their stuff when it comes to beer.
The place gets packed pretty quickly in the evenings, even faster if there's a game on. But the best part about Eulogy is where it's located; there's a hookah bar right around the corner from it that you can spend some time in while you wait for a table to open up. I always do it if the place is too crowded when I get there. The staff is always very hospitable, very friendly, and very accommodating. I'll be a fan for life.While visiting Philly, we stopped by this place and had a really great time.    Downstairs they have a long bar and upstairs there are a few tables and another bar area.  It's very laidback and casual.  
Their menu consists of about 200 beers (international) with about 15 on tap.  They also have ratings and alcohol content on the menu.  We really had no idea what to get but the waitress was really nice and helpful.  I ended up with La Chouffe served in a huge glass goblet.  It was amazing!  Sorta like a hefe but a little more sweet and smooth.  
They serve food too but didn't try any of it.  All in all, a nice place to hang out and try some new beers.Eulogy is a great staple in old city and Philadelphia. I always recommend this spot. Their beer selection is supreme and their food is equally as delicious. The decor rem is really funky and fun. If you want to travel to Belgian for a quick meal without the airfare, Eulogy is the spot to go.Sorry venerable Eulogy, but down you go to 3 stars.  It's actually tempting to give them 2, I hate to say.
When the craft beer revolution came to Philly, Eulogy was one of the ground-breakers.  Sure, you always had the problem of the Olde City location:  Obnoxious out-of-towners pulling up in their SUV's with Jersey Plates, strutting in and being *schocked* when their requests for Coors Light and Killian's Red were re-buffed and sneered at, but 3-5 years ago it was worth it for locals to endure such things in order to get to the great beer (and mussels!) selection.
But now Eulogy has become... tired.  The place remains "stuck" in its now outdated idiom while Philly has exploded with places that have better beer selections, better menus, and better non-tourist-attracting locations:  Devil's Den, Memphis Tap, Local 44, SPTR... the list goes on.
Took some out-of-towners there for dinner recently (only because they were staying in a nearby hotel) and really regretted the choice.  The beer list is no longer impressive, nor the mussels selection, and the guy who ordered a steak got a stringy, fatty, overcooked one.  And on top of that the A/C wasn't working on a day in the middle of a heatwave... actually I got the impression the place doesn't have A/C at all but I can't confirm this.Favorite Philly bar, probably second favorite overall.   It's always crowded but I've managed to find a seat every time.  Definitely recommend the upstairs bar, Andrew is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  Food is ok, but overall not the main draw.  Gigantic beer selection focusing on Belgian is the main attraction.  The only place I've been able to find Triliar Jacobite which is my favorite beer in the world.My boyfriend and I went here last night and as always I left feeling happy, drunk, and well fed. This is definitly my favorite bar in the city.  One of the few that has a quadrouple on tap and sells it by the pitcher! The staff here  are ridiculously nice and really know their beers! If you simply cant decide from the 500+ amazing belgian beers on the menu, just ask and im sure anyone  who works there can give you a decent reccomendation. The dinner menu is as equally tantelizing,  I ordered the lavander chicken and remembered why I recently started eating polutry again after a 10 year hiatus (Such a good idea).  You definitly can not go wrong here no matter what you get! ( unless of course its a bud light, but really when does that ever taste good)? 
FYI: I suggest not driving here because more than likely you will be to drunk to remember where you parked the car.Great hole in the wall type of place. Small and cozy inside. They have the longest beer list I've ever seen and the best mussels I've had in PhillyI'm a really big fan of Eulogy and came here very often as an undergrad. I love the beer selection here (it's huge) and the bartenders (always knowledgeable and friendly). The food here isn't bad either. Actually it's pretty great. The seating on the second floor is pretty funky. I remember we had a table that was really a coffin. 
I think this is a great alternative to Monk's (although Monk's is amazing!). It feels a bit more relaxed and not imposing - you simply don't feel like an idiot for ordering the wrong kind of beer.Hubby and I ate here last night when we were in Philly for the weekend, and I've got to be honest, I'm not sure why this place has so many good reviews. Perhaps at one time it was great or perhaps it's more for the beer selection, which yes, they have plenty, however the beer I ordered not only was not served in the proper glass, as the Belgians pride themselves in doing, but it was flat. My husband's beer was barely cold. Maybe it was an off night, but given the state of the place, I'm thinking this is the norm. Place was quite filthy, with bugs flying around - you know, like the kind that fly around when there is rotting food. Service was ehhh....not horrible but not great either. I ordered the Benelux salad, and it seriously lacked any flavor, the only flavorful thing in the salad - goat cheese tasted like it was on its last day. For my main, I ordered a small pot of moules and frites - the moules tasted like they weren't cleaned properly and one of them tasted so bad that I had to spit it out because I didn't feel like getting food poisoning. The frites were so greasy, I didn't even finish them. Maybe they are double fried like they say on the menu but they are clearly being fried at the wrong temperature so this shouldn't even happen. I literally felt like I ate a vat of grease. My husband had the tuna steak sandwich and he told the waitress medium well, but the pre-frozen tuna steak came out practically raw. I feel sort of bad even being this honest, but I hope the owner sees this and can make some very necessary changes - and hopefully he doesn't take this personally. I have spent a lot of time over the years in Belgium, djing in various clubs and festivals there, and in fact almost moved to Ghent, so to eat in a place that prides itself as one of the only Belgian restaurants in my home city, this was extremely disappointing. Sorry. 
(ps - this review is also posted on their Facebook, which I'm sure the owner will attempt to discredit or rip me to shreds. I stand by what I said though. Two stars for the beer selection but I doubt I will ever return here)Located in Old City, Philadelphia, Eulogy is a Belgian that feels like a local. Over 300 beers on the menu, with many you rarely find on tap. Had my first-ever Duchess de Bourgogne on draft, which had a smoother, more open balsamic tone and less bite that the bottle.Was also happy to see a handful of Unibroue's in Philly.
The food was typical, if uninspired, for a Belgian. Seemed more popular for its location than appreciation of its offerings. Near Independence Hall, theaters, and opposite many overly-trendy clubs, most downtowns would do well to get a serious beer haven like Eulogy.This place was great. We stopped here on Friday night after an evening boat tour. Great beer selection and the fries and cheese plate were outstanding. It is a little tight and upstairs bar is a little warm hence the 4 star review. Otherwise an enjoyable experience overall.What a great place! The beer selection was fantastic, and the food was pretty good! I would definitely return the next time I'm in Philly.Eulogy is Belgian-American dining at it's finest.  The beer list is so long, I generally stick to the still-expansive draught list for simplicity purposes.  The mussels (and I've had most of them) are probably the best in the city.  They are always cooked perfectly (very rarely do I find a closed one) and the sauces (especially the dijon) are exceptional.  The pretzel bites are pillowly and rather buttery, and the mustard it comes with is delicious (I may have even had some by itself on a fork).  However, the wings were drowned in sauce, which had too much butter flavor, so I will skip those next time.  For the pescetarian in your group, get the tuna burger.  It's an 8 oz piece of ahi tuna, cooked perfectly rare, on a bun with some additions.  
The only big complaint I have is the upstairs back room seating.  The tables are way too tall for the seating.  Everyone is short and it's rather uncomfortable to eat while sitting there.  This also happens to be the only place you can get a table bigger than 7, which makes it tough for bigger groups. 
The service here is always consistently good.  The food prices are also great as nothing on the right side of their menu (mussels and sandwiches) is over $13 a plate (Note: 2 lbs of mussels costs $17.99, but the one serving portion of 1 lb is $8.99).  
Overall, this place is WAYYYY better than Monk's, where at night you'll be waiting for a table so long you'll be eating breakfast by the time you get seated.Minus one star for serving a burger on a stale bun - either use fresh bread or toast the roll. Minus another star because it was on a less-than-busy night. They do have a great, worn-in true to the name Belgian tavern feel and a beer to please all senses, with fair prices across the food and drink menus.It's a pub so don't expect anything fancy - but if you're into moules, frites and biere you're unlikely to find better outside of Europe.Beer selection is magnificent, food was forgettable. Ordered a burger medium, came out well done. Mussels we ordered were cooked well, but the broth they were served in tasted like the wine hadnt been cooked at all. The fries were incredible though. Loved how crunch and flavorful they were. Dipping sauces were bangin as well. Come for the beer and snack on the fries, eat your meal somewhere else though.This is always my go to spot for a quick bite before a Ritz movie. The beer selection is excellent, the mussels are delic, and the burgers and fries are rather good. The mussels are by far the most satisfying thing on the menu. The atmosphere is typical bar atmosphere but its a great reliable place to grab a beer and some good food.Everything a Belgian pub should be plus hipsters.  It helps that the owner seems to hale from Brugge (according to the menu).  Their beer offerings are second to none.  (I highly recommend the sour ales, especially duchess since it's on tap).  Between Monk's and Eulogy, I ultimately can't decide which is better in Philly.  The mussels tend to be ever so slightly tastier at Monk's and the drink selection and prices better at Eulogy.  You can't go wrong with either though.I'm giving Eulogy a 4 for the atmosphere and beer. This place has a great beer selection for all of you craft-beer lovers out there, a sizable draft list and bottle selection so they have a little something for everyone. 
The food is pretty pricey...My jaw almost hit the floor when we saw our bill and my boyfriend's sub-par Fish and Chips were $16! He was not too impressed with his, but we both thought my burger was pretty good...and at $8.99, the price was a little easier to stomach!. It was a Best of Philly winner and it is a great sandwich with "secret spices" that really give it a different flavor than any other burger I've had. I couldn't hone in on the exact spices, but the flavor was almost lamb-like. If you're a picky eater going for a boring, "regular" burger, stay away from this one. This is a very unique burger, so have an open-mind if you decide to go for it.
I'd think about giving Eulogy another try because the rest of the menu looked pretty impressive and the beer selection is top-notch.Very brief review, as the group I was with only went for beer, and that's easy enough to rate! We came on a Saturday night, with the city thronged and with little hope that our party of six would find a decent place with room. We proceeded to the second floor, where there was SOME room, and were asked if we wouldn't mind a "coffin table." Well, five of our six are widows, and I'm a widower (we were in Philly for a weekend hangout), and since we all have quality senses of humor - one has to, after all - we went for it and laughed about it quite a bit!
As for the tavern itself, super impressive bottled beer selection. I was concerned since I'm really not a Belgian beer fan, but please that they also had a massive selection of non -Belgians. Some of their mixed drinks sounded quite interesting, though none of us opted for those. About the best thing is the grouping of beers at the end of the menu, and the tavern's description of same!
Service was fairly attentive overall, though we had a "build me up, Buttercup baby, just to let me down" moment when our waiter thought a particularly scrumptious beer was in stock, when it alas had just sold out! One down-side to the place is that the upstairs, which has a decent sized dining area with tables, can still be very, very noisy.4 stars for beer, 2 stars for food.
Obviously the (bottled) beer list here is awesome.  Hands-down, awesome.
 The draft list? There isn't one.  There was a small sign on the wall with a list of beers on tap - no descriptions, no prices.
I got the veggie burger, which comes with a side salad.  First off, by definition, I think "salad" implies lettuce and some toppings.   This "salad" was merely a pile of lettuce.  Nothing else.  I'm serious - no vegetables on top.  Not even a tomato.  Nothing.
My veggie burger was bland and doughy on the inside.  It tasted like unseasoned potato.  Imagine biting into a baked potato that has no salt, pepper, butter, etc.  That's the only thing I can liken this veggie burger to.  It had to have been added to the menu as an afterthought - like "oh shit, we have nothing for vegetarians... what can we throw together?".  
I really wanted to like Eulogy because I love beer and I love Old City. 
Maybe I'll come back for beer.  Definitely never for food.You can't get a better selection of Belgian beers anywhere in the city.  Tap list is a little static, but if you've got a good server to help you navigate - go bottle.  Prices are very fair, and the beer, well, it's exceptional.
Unfortunately, the food is so-so - fries being the exception (they are great).
It gets nuts in here on the weekends, but it's sort of fun when it's packed!  There's always lots of stereotypical Olde City folks to poke fun at :)  If possible, sit upstairs.  It's much cozier, and although the coffin table (you'll know it when you see it) is awkwardly low, I find it makes for an "unconventional" conversation.
I recommend: pre-dinner beers and fries or post-dinner beers and beers.Love this place.  Amazing beer selection, way cooler than the other old city bars.  They have something for everyone.Best beer list we've ever seen. Ever. And we've been to a lot of beer bars. 
First, the food which was very good - the "Beer Mussels" were delicious and served with a baguette to sop up the mussel-y leftover juicy goodness. The hanger steak sammich with fries was a rich treat, I couldn't even finish it. But man oh man, those were probably the best fries we've ever had: Twice fried and then covered in unicorn glitter and rainbows. OK maybe not the last part but I promise, they're really good. We even got another order to take back to the hotel.
The atmosphere was perfect with subdued lighting and excellent music in the background - Joy Division? Beatles? Jazz? Check, check, and check. The bartender Dave was attentive and funny, and knew exactly the right beers I wanted: Ambers all the way, he chose for me a Kwak (not pronounced Quack, oops) and a Carolus, both splendid. The Bell I picked out later was not nearly as flavorful, as he told me beforehand. The man knows his stuff. Meanwhile the guys got a few different beers including a "Samaels" Barleywine which almost knocked them on their collective keister, in a good way.
Three thumbs up, can't wait to visit Eulogy again on our next trip south.What can I say, their legendary beer list almost made me cry... but i was on a first date, so I had to keep it together.  I must say that Belgians know how to do beer!  I'm not even a fan of blonde ales (i.e. a proper Belgian beer), but the expanse of lagers, amber ales and stouts may just make you giddy.  And for being in such an uppity area you'll be relieved to find that Eulogy is actually a place that you can relax and enjoy beer.  The only warning is to be careful what you order, or you might end up with a $40 12oz. bottle... I love beer but... hot damn!I love the scene...the beer selection is impeccable...the service is fantastic...
Go ahead, go to Monk's....I'll keep Eulogy to myself!  :)Eulogy's motto is that is has "The 300 best beers you've never tasted," and they are right.  However, I love, love, LOVE this place, so I'm working my way through their beer menu, and I think I've tasted about 30 of them so far (I repeat my choices a lot, so the number would be way higher if I got a different one each time).  My goal is to have every single one of the beers that they offer before I die.  Personally, I like Eulogy better than Monk's (although Monk's is good, too).  It's less pretentious and just, well, more fun.  They've got a great selection of alcohol (even wine, although I don't know why people go to a Belgian beer bar to order wine), and their food is top-notch (mussels, Belgian fries, etc.).
This place is always packed, although sometimes you can wrangle a table upstairs, especially if you go earlier in the evening.  My boyfriend and I go here a lot, so we have perfected the art of showing up just minutes before the weekend night crush of bar-goers so we can snag two stools at the bar.  The bartenders are really friendly (I'm a sucker for the one with the Irish accent) and knowledgeable, and the waitresses upstairs are really nice, too.
Bring glasses if your vision isn't great because they pack the 300 beers into just a few pages of menu by having them in really tiny print.  Only the beers on tap and the food get larger print.  However, the menu is great - it tells you the name of the beer, the type, the alcohol content, the price, and a general idea of the flavor.  Prices generally range from $6 and some change to $18-20 (some imported beers only come in very large bottles, but it's worth it).  The food is pretty cheap.  I've always loved the Lindemann's peche (lambic), but right now, I'm on a Flemish sour ale kick.  They've got Duchesse du Burgogne on tap, which is a sweeter sour ale, and I really like it, but they've also got Roddenbock's Grand Cru in a bottle, which is also very good, but less sweet.  If you're not into Belgian lambics or Flemish sours, they've still got a beer for you.  They've got lagers, barley wines, hoppy beer, stouts, etc. etc.  You name the import, and they've got it.  Did I mention how much I love this place?My second and third trips here were for lunch.  Great selection of beers both on tap and in bottles.  Knowledgeable, informative, friendly bartender.  Good food.  I'll return with pleasure.Three times I have brought individuals who were self-avowed beer haters to this place.  They all claimed that there was no beer that they would enjoy.  Three times I left with a newly converted beer geek.
Each time I have evangelized the greatness of beer, I have brought the heathen to this church of brewing, and had one of the bartending pastors of beer guide the newcomer down the path of goodness.  They usually begin with asking what kind of foods the person likes, if they like wine, and if they do, what kinds, and if they prefer things that are sour, bitter, fruity, or sweet, or a combination thereof.  They never hesitate to pour samples of different types for the person to try, and it seems as though they always have a few opened bottles sitting around just for this reason, so you're not necessarily limited to the draught varieties.  Eulogy manages to get beers that are not to be found anywhere else on the east coast, such as the Russian River Consecration that I had last time I was in the pub.  Many of their brews are quite expensive, with some bottles pushing $30 or $40.  But not all.  There are plenty of $5-$10 beers for those who wish to just try a few different types.  It's not a place to go to drink to excess though, as that will get expensive very quickly.  It's a place to go enjoy a favorite beer, or discover a new bottle.
Now, Eulogy is first and foremost a beer bar.  The food here is obviously designed to complement it's beer centric attitude.  Heavy, Belgian type dishes that aren't going to be overwhelmed by a sour Lambic or strong Tripel.  One of my favorite foods here is the Brugges chicken sandwich.  They have the standard double-fried pommes frites with different dipping sauces, which are pretty tasty in their own rights.  Of course, one cannot talk of Eulogy without mentioning their nicely varied selection of mussels.  
Eulogy is easily one of my favorite places in Old City Philadelphia, and my favorite beer bar in the United States to boot.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed.Was in Philly for less than 48 hours when I found Eulogy.   Wow!   The bartender was great (young guy w/ flowing long blond hair from CA).   They had all of our favorites beers, plus he made some awesome suggestions.   Good vibe.  Too bad we didn't eat there, too.   We were a bit stuffed from Martha Washington's pot pie from the Tavern down the street.Well I was actually forced back here a few weeks ago because a friend from out of town really wanted to come back. The service seemed hopeful at the beginning but gradually declined. Almost everything we ordered they didn't have and our server took longer and longer to come back to us. Definitely standing my ground next time and not coming back here. Not worth the hassle.So much beer, which is what we went there for.  Eulogy definitely disappoint!  We didn't try the food, but what other people had looked good.  lol.  The bartenders were very helpful in making suggestions.  The place was a bit crowded and a little loud, but that didn't bother us.I've been coming here for years but more often as of late due to recently moving in right around the corner. Love the beer selection. Great atmosphere. Honestly haven't had a thing to eat but why when you have delicious beer? Love Joann - one of the best bartenders around. She always knows what i'll like!
Thanks,
JillI ate here again this past Saturday...to again serve my craving for an awesome burger. The joint seems verrry understaffed and all over the place/unorganized, there was one "waiter" for the whole entire upstairs. Had to wait entirely too long for burgers and a grilled cheese, then they brought out 2 plates while the other 2 of us sat there drooling only to have the wrong burger deliverd to me. Booo. The burger was delish though...
A question to the other customers...did they recently change their frites and dipping sauce? I remember the frites being on the skinny side but there were more similar to steak fries when I was here last... also the sauce seemed different to me. ???Eulogy is a fantastic bar with an impressive selection of beers. Just Don't try ordering anything other than beer from the snobs behind the bar. They will make it perfectly clear that you are not welcome.Mmm, Avocado mozzella and tomoto salad was delicious and the waiter evern had it split on top two plate for me and my friend.  
]
Amazing Beer list.  Although we were in a little werid area of the place and i think booster seats would have helped us reach the table we had an excellent time.Wow, this is a pretty neat place, but it looks like a hole in the wall from the outside (and inside).  The downstairs area is just a bar, and the upstairs has about 10-15 small tables.  So don't bring a big group here.  The atmosphere could be best described as "cozy."
Like others have mentioned, the highlight is the beyond-extensive beer list.  Wow!  The beer list in small font is more than twice as big as the food menu.  I would recommend asking your server for a recommendation, especially if you want something that goes well with your food.  Both of the beers I tried were good, though expensive (think $5 minimum).
The food here is pretty good.  I tried the Benelux burger, which some say is the best burger in Philly.  Now, I did enjoy it, but I don't know if I could say that it was the best around.  I'd like to try the mussels sometime since that is a specialty of theirs.
With all that being said, this place is not cheap.  Expect to pay around $20-25 per person, because you'll want to try a beer or two.  The food is not too pricey, though, which surprised me.  I'd recommend coming here if you're a big beer drinker.  If you're just interested in the food, I'd still drop by, but realize that the big draw here is the beer.I went here the other night after doing some Christmas shopping. I stepped into beer heaven. I ended up getting a Golden Draak(sp?) and a Benelux burger with fries/frites. The benelux burger came out just the way I wanted and was tasty. The fries were really good too. The dipping sauce that people raved about was really that damn good. I must have wiped every last molecule out of the plastic sauce cup onto my fries.
I also had a Chimay Red and another beer. Both were excellent. I walked back to the PATCO with a huge buzz and a fully belly.  I"ll be back.Whenever I have friends or family visiting from out of town this is definitely one of my places to take them. The crowd that hangs out here is usually pretty laid-back and everyone comes just for one reason mainly,the great selection of beers. They have an insane beer menu I have no clue how many are there but if I had to guess I would say at least 300 different types of beer. They also have a food menu. I have tried the fish and chips and it was very delicious. The service is OK the bartenders are pretty nice. The noise level is normal. This is a great example of a casual bar with a nice food menu and a great beer selection.This place is what every bar should be. 
Drinks: This place has a selection of bottled beers that is 6 pages long and typed in like 10 point font.  My bar tender, Dave, was like a mad scientist.  He knew the story of every single beer that he served, how it would taste, and what order the beers should be drank in.  I basically gave him my credit card and let him take me on an international journey...with alcohol.  Cannot say enough about how awesome he was, and how unique the beer selection is.  I consider myself fairly knowledgeable of craft beers, but this guy is on a whole different level
Food: I got the caprese salad with grilled chicken.  If it is representative of the menu as a whole, the food is fantastic.  The menu is small, but everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing.  
Highly recommend to any beer drinker visiting old city.Due to Hurricane Irene taking all the fun out of my weekend, I was suffering from cabin fever all day this past Saturday. When the skies opened up on Sunday and we all had survived the Apocalypse I decided to take a ride to get out of the house. No bridge tolls and free parking in the city and the bars were open. So I decided to spend my lazy Sunday bar hopping. My first spot was Eulogy. Now I've never been before, yet have heard good things and since I am a fan of Monk's I had a good feeling about Eulogy. The upstairs was closed so we sat at the bar downstairs. I must award five stars alone to the staff. Not only did my bartender give me a good laugh but he was very knowledgeable and even told me where the cleanest bathroom in the city was located (Triumph Brewery for you George Costanzas out there). I tried the BrewDog Isle of Aaran (10%) and Eulogy Busty Blonde (7%) both on tap. On bottle I tried Old Rasputin Imperial Stout, my favorite out of the three. I also had a few bites of a tuna sandwich and the famous frites. The fact that I started talking about squand to a customer next to me, proved that I was having a good time and had a buzz going. Our bill was a bit steep, yet I can't complain. Good quality beer along with good food and a nice ambiance. Once again good music is always a plus in my book. I will surely return.My favorite bar in Philly!  Amazing beer selection (organized in a table with beer name, percent alcohol, serving size, price per ounce, rating, style, and country of origin) with staff who are super-knowledgeable and happy to share that knowledge.  The food is great, especially the fries!It's super dark and dingy, but what it lacks in ambiance, it makes up for in beer...400 (or maybe more?) beers, in fact.  It's actually ridiculously hard to choose, but the wait staff is fairly knowledgeable and will do their best to point you to a beer you would like.
The mussels are also to die for.  There are six choices of sauce (dijon is definitely the best) and you can get either a pound or two pounds for a reasonable price.  You can also get a ridiculously large plate of fries (with a sauce of your choice) to share for $5.As a long-time Eulogy fan--it was the first bar i really loved when i came to philly a few years back!--a recent trip seriously disappointed....enough that I felt compelled to update my 4-star rating 
The burger was very overcooked, the rolls were nothing like the knotted challah-esque buns of earlier visits, and the burger fell apart. 
Also, the fries were only eh. 
and the waiter was kinda douchey and i heard him recommend the same beer for 3 different people at different tables...including someone at mine who reported that it was not at all what they were looking for. this was not the sommelier-like expertise and creativity that has brought me back to eulogy many times to try new, interesting beers 
as the number of belgian pubs and gastropubs in philly continues to explode, eulogy is going to have to up their game to avoid being passed by places like the abbaye, belgian cafe, and village whiskey, among others.I have been living in Philly for 5 years and been to Eulogy numerous times. I will go there for drinks. I will not eat there again. 
I have no issue waiting a long time for good food, especially if I'm in a big group. However, I waited for 40 minutes for a salad--the worst salad I have ever been served in a restaurant. I did not know it was possible to screw up a salad until this experience. It did not contain a majority of the ingredients listed on the menu and was soaked in dressing. When I addressed this issue with the server, he offered to bring me something else, but since I had already been waiting for 40 minutes, I declined. At no point did he offer to take the salad off my check so I paid $25 for a beer and an inedible meal. Furthermore, I was in a group of six people and most of their food was cold when served. If the restaurant can't handle large groups, fine, then don't serve large groups. 
I noticed several reviews in recent months have pointed out that Eulogy serves good beer but has horrible service. I hope they get it together. My experience was horrible enough to make me forget the positive times I have had there.My friend Anne and I discovered this place by total accident! We had been walking around the city all day, site seeing ,and I was pretty beat. I just wanted to sit down, charge my phone and have a cold beer. We had seen a few places but I had walked by this one and noticed it was dark (out of the sun / cooler temp) and there was a little table vacant inside, right by the wall (aka near an outlet). Score! I grabbed the table and started to charge my phone. It just so happens, this place had a HUGELY extensive beer list. Again, SCORE! I really like good beer. I'm not a Miller Lite / Bud Lite kinda girl. I'm more a Delirium Tremens girl and/or other cool, funky and flavorful beers. This place had a bunch of cool beers. We just told the server to bring us something interesting! We really liked the vibe here. It was like a "regular" neighborhood bar, away from all the tourists. Even though we ourselves are from Chicago, sometimes you just want to chill with the locals and escape all the craziness. This place had a chill vibe and I liked the kinda gothic / moody decor. Cool place.Great service, nice atmosphere, delicious mussels & a beer list that goes on for pages. What else can you want?It's hard to say no to a place with a 400+ bottle beer list, plus a dozen or so delightful choices on tap. I've been a fan of Eulogy for some time, although it certainly has its pluses and minuses. On a weekend night, if you want a spot to eat/drink a reservation is a MUST. Don't even THINK of showing up here without one. The menu is just fine. There's a diverse selection of bar/Belgian fare. You all know by now I can never say no to mussels - and Eulogy does them...ok. I'm pretty sure I ended up eating a piece of garlic the size of a nickel, but whatever. They were HOT, and the frites as well - burned the roof of my mouth. Try all of the frites sauces. You won't regret it.WOW- Went here after deciding to sign a lease down the block to celebrate.  This place definitely made me believe I made a great decision :)
I had the Mocha Porter Stout which was AMAZING.  Service was fantastic- server was beyond knowledgable.  I have no idea how they do it?!  I originally wanted to have the Young Chocolate Stout but since they just opened a new keg he did not want to serve it to me warm.  What a doll!
Grabbed the 1 lb mussels with sausage and potato- whoah very tasty sauce and sausage.  Ask for extra bread b/c that sauce is too good to get rid of.
So glad you will be my neighboy Eulogy since I WILL be back :)3.5. The beer list is extensive and impressive. The food is good-try the mussels, meatballs, fries and grilled tuna sandwich. All really good. The place is dingy and does smell a little musty. The layout is awkward and tight. It gets really loud on the weekends. The staff and bartenders are nice and knowledgeable but I could see them not being as attentive if they don't know you.
This is kind of a neighborhood bar in a touristy location. You can do the math...I like this joint. Sours this week-ewwww, but no worries 568 other brews to choose from.Unbelievable beer selection along with a solid Belgian menu. The staff is knowledgeable about the available beers and will help you find a beer that fits your tastes. 
The mussels and french fries are delicious. Definitely recommend to visit with a few friends and sample a few different beers.One of the best bars in the city to spend some serious money drinking some serious beers.  One of, if not the best beer selection in the city (besides monks) and great friendly bartenders to boot.  On the weekends this place gets packed like a can of sardines, so i would suggest going early or on a weekday to truly enjoy yourself, but either way this place is defiantly worth going to...often.  If you are someone who drinks domestic shitty beer you probably wouldn't like it here, and thats fine, id prefer you go to a sports bar and drink 24oz miller lite and oggle the beer tub girl anyway as long as you are not taking up my  space in a really great bar like this one.  my only criticism would be the prices of the drinks, but hey, you get what you pay for and believe me when i tell you that this place is worth it.I wanted to give Eulogy the benefit of the doubt. I've been there before and had some wonderful mussels and beer. But this last exoperience was so horrible I don't think I can ever go back.
To start with, we had reservations and went upstairs to get a table. There were four other tables seated, and two servers. Seems like an even ratio, right? Well, I have never seen two servers more weeded in their lives. It took forever just to get a menu. When our server did stop by, he asked us if we had any questions, but did not take our order, even though we had 15 minutes to study it. He finally came back and got our orders, and then the waiting game began.
Our beers arrived timely enough, but we saw tables who were seated after us getting their food, which was not good because we were starving. When our food came, it was a huge let down. My boyfriend got the fish and chips, and I got the mussels from hell.
Let me tell you about these mussels. They are served by the pound, which is fairly normal. however, on the day we went. they had mussels that can only be described as "mutant". They were huge. And tasted like they hadn't been cleaned. AND THEY ONLY GAVE ME 8! And of the 8, 2 of them were CLOSED! They were disgusting and I sent them back.
I have learned my lesson. If I want mussels, I will just trek to Monk's or head over to Villa di Roma.Eulogy was a lucky find for me.  Went in with some friends to try a certain type of IPA that is common to the northeast.  Though as we walked in the guy tending the bar at the time said he was all out of that particular brand, but suggested three other IPA's we might like.  We went ahead and on his recommendation tried these three beers.  Fantastic, I must say.  It was a quick beer tasting of two over seas beers and one from the region.  The staff here was very friendly and the atmosphere was casual.  There was an upstairs seating area that I saw and I explored the second floor.  
Again not having a lot of time to try the food, I caught a glimpse of the fish and chips and I wish I had tried it.  I made return to Philly again just to try the food here.  This place gets 10 stars if I could do that.
Located in downtown Philly it's the perfect stop after taking in some sights and sounds of the town, drop in for a beer or three.I had their burger and fries and the burger was nothing to write home about; however, they're fries were delicious!! The customer service was lacking as there was only 1 server on the 2nd floor (where we were seated) and it was slow to receive our food, considering that it wasn't even that crowded.There's not much to add to what's already been said.  The beer list is extensive and both the bartender and our waiter were extremely knowledgeable and friendly without being the least bit pretentious.  Unlike a lot of other reviewers, I won't compare it to the bar whose name we dare not speak since the bartender said mentioning their name at Eulogy would be like saying Voldemort at Hogwarts.  But I will say that the mussels were excellent and the fries were pretty good.  I also liked that I was able to hold a conversation here without having to shout.  I will definitely be going back.Like most of the reviews said, the beer list is extensive, the fries are awesome and the mussels are even better. The only reason this place doesn't get the full five stars is its size (don't go if you get claustrophobic) and the price. mmm. i can go for some fries and those sauces right now.they used to be my favorite beer joint in Philly area. 
however, many things have gone to hell. 
where should I begin? 
table service during the day is getting worse. it looks like they under-staff their day shift... or maybe they just hire bad servers?
they are OFTEN out of beers despite a luscious beer list. and the problem its increasingly becoming worse. 
food... let me put it this way. I stopped going back there for food ever since they changed their menu (2 years ago or so). I even stopped ordering my favorite mussels and fries. one word - uneatable. 
bathrooms are HORRIBLE. and they are consistently getting worse. 
I keep going back there in hopes that Eulogy will go back to its old glory days, but it looks like I need to find me a new place :(
UPDATE: Last couple of trips to Eulogy left me hopeful. Gotta change my rating back to my old Yay!AWESOME BEERS!!! They carry several and one of my favorites is Dirty Dog 90 our server was so nice and very helpful. If your in Philly most definitely stop here for a beer and a meat ball! Stay from the calamari was too salty.If you like beer, you like this place.  They have everything imaginable.  I also like how they have a beer list and make fun of bud lite on it.  The atmosphere is dark and very cozy.  I feel like it matches the personality of any beer fan.  I have been here multiple times, but never eaten there.  The food I see come out, never really looks good.  Again, I can't comment on that because I've never tried it.  
Also, Dave the bartender is awesome.  He's super friendly, funny, and knows more about beer then any human should.  He will guide you in the direction you're looking for.  So if you aren't a beer expert, you'll never be made to feel dumb.Coming here on an off night is a good idea because then it's less busy, you can talk to the bartender and actually appreciate the beer because well... this is a Belgian beer tavern, meaning they serve some high quality stuff. The beer menu itself is VERY long so don't hesitate to ask the bartender for a recommendation (just tell him what you like /style/taste/etc.). Another great feature is their belgian fries which are very thick but well fried so they're not too crunchy on the outside yet crisp, and fluffy on the inside.Hey baby it's been awhile. Actually over a year. Why?
I love you and I love Monks. That's right I love both of you. I love your fries, and your mussels with mustard with them. Together they beat the hell of my new grown Californian palate, at least for a week or so...then I go back home. 
One of my favorite things about Eulogy is that it has an upstairs and is thus less crowded than monks. I also feel the ordering process is less complicated, maybe less crowds give one more patience when trying to navigate a menu?
In any case, if you miss out on those fries, you're missin out on the best thang, cuz they sure is better than the ones at Monk's and I sure as hell haven't found anything like them here in California.I've been looking for a bar with S'feuillien for a while.  I didn't know Eulogy would be it when stumbled in on a Friday night.  Their beer menu is like a phone book.  The food looked great, but I wasn't there for that.  I do wonder how their mussels compare to Monk's.
Great beer, cozy bar.  Our waitress was very attentive as well and managed to find me a bottle of the S'feuillien saison.  Yup, it was a good night.Tasty beers (and plenty of non-Belgian ones).
Tasty snacks (the fries are out of this world).
Nice service.
Dive atmosphere, but in the very best way.
And interesting people watching opportunities, like the Dali impersonator at the end of the bar.This was my first time here and I really liked this place because it's got a friendly atmosphere and a lot of places to sit.  There are big tables on the second floor for big groups, and for a Friday night I was glad there was lots of space.  I'm not a huge beer freak, but I was impressed by the giant beer menu.  Giant.  Prices are reasonable.  There's a bar upstairs too.  Both take credit cards.This place is a bit difficult to find but is worth the hunt. We entered through the front door, through black curtains, past the bar and headed up the stairs to a small eating area. Fortunately we were there with one of the regulars who recommended the fries and mussels. We also had the Hanger steak sandwich and Beneluxx Salad. Our server bordered on overwhelming on beer knowledge. I ordered a Weihenstephener beer from the oldest brewery in the world. (1040 AD). All the Belgian beers were awesome. Please see my photos of the extensive beer menu! Biggest ever!Great beer, great mussels, great frites.  
Whenever my buddies and I visit, we always find something new to try out, we always have our fill of great food, and we always have a great time.  
The upstairs seating area is far more comfortable for hanging out.I always love going to Eulogy. It's a comfortable place to hang out and chat with friends over great beer and food. Perfect stop before or after a movie at the Ritz or a show at the Arden. The beer selection is fantastic and they have my favorite mussels in town--cooked up in a variety of styles, served in the pot along with bread to mop up the killer sauce. 
Try the beer mussels with a dirty hoe and some frites for a knock-down great experience.
Re: the comment on needing shorter tables: the upstairs has a second bar and regular-height tables for those who are eating.A great establishment for those that enjoy beer.  
They are very serious about beer.  There are beers here for every taste.  If you are a person that thinks they love beer, but your tastes are along the lines of Bud, Miller, Sam, and Corona, then this may not be your kind of place... initially.  
The bartender was a fellow that would openly chastise patrons on beer selections... new patrons.  This is not an overt display of hostility, but rather a reflection of his own appreciation for the craft.  
If you go in, openly accepting that the folk in this bar may know more about beer than you do... a LOT more, and just tell them what you like and keep sampling, you will find a beer that you love.  Probably more than one.  
Just make sure you have a way home.  Several of the beers are quite potent, and after just a few, driving is an idea that will put you and others at serious risk.One of the best "beer bars" I've ever visited!  Ask your bartender for suggestions, you'll find something new and wonderful !!Thinking about sipping a cold Belgian beer at Eulogy while sitting in front of a steaming bowl of mussels and fries almost makes me wish I lived in Philly again. And then I remember that I don't like Philly that much and I can't stand mussels, but when you're at Eulogy you seem to forget all that nonsense. It's been 3 years since I ate here and it'll be at least one more before I get to go back so I'll just sit here on the left coast counting the days..Mussles, Mussles, Mussles! I didn't know I loved mussles until I came to Eulogy. I visited a long time ago before a midnight screening of Rocky Horror Picture Show and had several Busty Blondes. This time was no different. We ordered a burger and a pound of mussles to share. My favorite part is dipping my fries in the juice at the bottom of the mussles. Eulogy is one of those places you might miss walking down the street. If you do, you're missing out! Their beer selection is vast and if I could get enough of the Busty Blonde, I might try something else!i enjoy their beer, but the service was lame. I understand that servers get busy but they were not responsive, forgot items and took forever.  worst of all, the lamb made me throw up.Charming, dimly lit European watering hole that happens to have a great menu. My boyfriend had the fish and chips, which were solid, but nothing to yelp about. I had the seared duck in raspberry beer reduction sauce, which was reminiscent of an entree found in a "finer" establishment whose main focus isn't beer. A great surprise. As everyone else says, the beer is good, but I always think food is more important. I'm sure my boyfriend would give the place 3 stars after his lackluster fish and chips, but I really liked my duck.Hungry as hell and need to rest from the heat. Hmm burgers and beer sound like a dive in the water just about now.  The fries won over the meal this time around-- they tasted like yucca fries! The patty was covered in this delicious buttery bread..yumm. Yup that freakin good. Great selection of beer too. Will go for the mussels next time ;)So, I went to Eulogy for the 1st time last night and I'm very glad I did.  They have one of the friendliest staffs in Philly.  Everyone was so nice.  There was a free Belgian beer tasting, and there were tons of people in all of the waiters way, and they didn't seem mad at all.  The bartender was a very nice and knowledgeable guy.  He gave me water when I didn't even ask for it because he could tell that I was pretty drunk.  The beer selection is spectacular too and it is reasonably priced.  Definitely a bar I didn't mind hanging out at in Olde City.Great beer selection.. awesome mussels.  Had the Herb n Garlic, 1 lb wasnt enough.  Great atmosphere, serves was top notch. Joanne the bartender was sweet n knowledgeable about the beers. Most try if ur in Philly.My favorite bar in philly. Lots of hard to find beer, the food is good but it is tiny , additional seating on the second floor. If you are a beer nut one of the great choices in phillyAt about 4pm the afternoon before we decided to come here, a dear friend of mind decided to implant an idea in my head. MUSSELS. Little did he know that I actually thought about mussels earlier in the week and had since forgotten about it until he mentioned it. So here I am not craving it and not sure what to do. We luckily had my handy dandy phone with me and I whipped out my yelp app. Sure enough this little place popped up.
Ok, I still don't understand why people like beer. They say it's an acquired taste, but why would you spend the time and calories to acquire it? Tastes awful. With that in mind, they serve beer here btw and pretty much everything on their menu is either cooked in beer or wine. 
Their food is DERICIOUS. Beer battered fish and chips? YES Mussels cooked 6 ways for you to choose from? You got it! Hamburgers... steaks.... omg, heaven? How come no one ever told me about this place? Well, I highly recommend it. Come on by and try!Awesome selection of belgian beers on draft and 4 words for food: Mustard Mussels and Belgian Frites.After hearing about their famous mussels, i decided to go and try them out, what a disappointment, can you say frozen, they were obviously not fresh and the sauce, good but out of a jar, definitely store bought, I thought I'd try one of their many so-called beer choices, they didn't have as many as they advertise, you can fool most of the people, but not all, I would never send any of my friends there, they know foodThis place has a great beer list, especially if you like belgium beer and a lot are included in happy hour! I had the three cheese grilled cheese and felt wonderfully fat but it didn't even matter because it was so good.  We also got the burgers, fries and mussels.  I was a fan of the burger and fries but I've had better mussels at monks.  Overall, a great place for happy hour or to stop in for a beer or two with friends!Great beer list. Funky atmosphere. Upstairs, the "ambience" (if you can call it that) is better. Some of the waiters are pretentious, but the beer selection makes up for their snobbishness. Hey, this is a raunchy bar in Old City---get real!!This Belgian-style hide-away bar/restaurant is a great spot to stop by after work for beer with friends or a light tavern dinner. Having traveled a bit in Belgium and Holland, and sampled the delicacies these countries have to offer, I'd say Eulogy captures their spirit nicely. The dark, basic interior atmosphere is evocative of a typical northern European pub, with the style of the Netherlands reinforced by the artwork and posters which adorn the walls. Quirkily, one room upstairs has glass coffin tables, prompting you to contemplate man's longevity, or lack thereof, while you eat. 
When I'm nostalgic for my travels through the lowlands, I stop by for a pint of Laffe, Chimay, or if I'm feeling adventurous, the literally hundreds of other brewed delights available to sample. The restaurant boasts a variety of dishes which can reasonably satisfy any hankering among the eclectic tastes of my circle of friends, even the vegetarians. Although it's Eulogy's hamburger that gets most of the acclaim, the mussels, prepared in white wine and a combination of spices, suits me much better. Ultimately, however, it's the beer connoisseur who'll be best served here, so if you are one, make this your first destination for a thirst-quencher, and don't be surprised to find your hops-and-yeast-loving soulmates waiting at the bar.Mmmmm, good beer, good fries.  killer fries.  I need to go back and try more beer and try more food.
Stopped here a couple weeks ago on a Sunday afternooon for a couple beers, I love Chimay, but decided to try the Eulogy Blonde. Nice light beer, flavorful. They have so many beers here I could drink for weeks.
Only tried the fries, which are awesome. Big and thick, just like I like uhhh, hmmm.  Nevermind.  The fries are awesome though.
Will be back!I haven't ever eaten here but have gone there late night-they have one of the best beer selections in the city.  They are great at recommending new beers to try based on what you like!  Good place for any beer afficianado to check out!If you like beer, food, Belgian's, taverns, cramped spaces and if sometimes you enjoy being tickled by close friends, than you have every reason to go to Eulogy - nuff said.
Actually, there's much more to say about Eulogy.  A lot of places in the city have large/good beer selections (700 Club, Foodery, etc.) but this place has an extroardinarily large Belgian selection... probably why it's a Belgian tavern.  That being said, the staff seems to be well educated on the selection and can help you find your specific taste.
On to the food... I've only had two things off the menu but both blew me away, so that's where the 5th-star came in.  My suggestion, Hoegaarden Bettered Shrimp - tastes great with a "Dirty Hoe" (Hoegaarden and Lambic Framboise).  The seating situation isn't great but it's a popular place in center city Philly and if it was empty, I'd be skeptical...
Bottom-line, go there.We will start with what rocks my socks about this place. 
Great bar, even for old city. I don't know if it is the curtains in the window or the great tunes that are playing but this place some how repels douche bags from coming in. 
The bartender is warm and welcoming. He recommends beers to try without being arrogant, and their cheese plate was great. They gave you toasted bread, not that cracker bs other cheese plates try to hand off to you. 
Great place to watch a ball game, or just bullshit. 
The place looks like a funeral parlor, believe it or not that is a sweet compliment. 
This was my second time going there, and the first experience is what will make the 3 stars clear to you guys. 
The upstairs service is ridiculous. 
I don't know if you have a shitty attitude and that makes you get the ironic glasses or you have the glasses and that is what gives you the attitude, but I think you understand where I am going with this. 
So besides the service sucking on ice, my chicken sandwich was literally raw on the inside. I am not sure if they thought they were serving me oysters on bread, but I had to send it back. Since our food took a little to long to begin with I just ate my fries for dinner. I also find it ridiculous if the bar is full downstairs why you can't go drink upstairs if it is empty?
I will go to this bar again, but I will not be going upstairs for more than the reason of just not wanting to ever walk up steps.If you're looking for rude hipsters working in a dark dingy bar this place is for you. When we walked in we were never greeted then told "it's not seat yourself but you're almost there now" the calamari appetizer was overpriced for what was received. Horrible experienceMussels, shrimp and good beer. Not a lot of seating and they can run out of mussels, so go earlier (more seating on the second floor than the first!)The beer selection is outstanding. They specialize in Belgian type . Draft choices are excellent. Menu is very good pub fare. Will frequent when in the phila. area.Awesome food. Try the crab cake sandwich!!!! And as many drafts as you can handle....This place used to me my favorite mussel place in the city. I have eaten here numerous times, always getting the mussels. Last night I went there with my boyfriend and we each ordered 2 lbs of mussels. However when our orders arrived, it was astonishing bad. For $16.99 we each received only 11 mussels...we asked the waiter if this was two pounds and he said yes. However when I have eaten here before there are usually twice as many mussels than we each received. Also there was barely any sauce. Usually the mussels are swimming in sauce and in both of our orders we have less than half an inch of liquid. It was one of the most disappointing meals Ive had in a while. So if you want to spend 16.99 to get less than a dozen mussels and no sauce, then this is the place. I will have to find a new mussel place to go to in the city now...which is dissapointingWhoa, dangerously close to 2 stars...
Great beer selection.
No seating on Saturday evening.
Nowhere to stand and nobody to talk to unless you bring a friend.
I liked the place...gotta try it again.
Not sure how to improve the odd space, so I'll give 'em a 3 star review for now.
Yeah, 3 stars.The claim to fame is tons of beers from all around the world to choose from, and they live up to that.  Went there last night, a Wednesday around 8 - there was decent music, a decent crowd, and it was fun to peel through the menu for beers to try.  I got one called "smuttynose" from New Hampshire.  It tasted like a Guinness but infused with chocolate.  Tasty, with a hilarious name to boot.  The boyfriend and I have vowed to start going there more, and to try a different beer every time.Beer bible, great Belgian Meatballs, and flavorful boiled shrimp.  I have been here many times and with good reason - the food and beverages are both awesome.  Usually, we eat upstairs and take some time to try something new from the 300+ choices they carry.  The service is great and it's a fun spot for both a date or a night out with friends.  On my most recent visit in December, we stayed for just a drink and some appetizers.  The waitress was great at helping my friends figure out what to drink as the beer bible can be a bit overwhelming at first glance.  With that in mind, this is a great place to learn about the beverages from which you can choose when you're in mood for a hoppy drink.  I went a little tried and true with Delerium Tremins and have no regrets on this choice.  Although the friends were from out of town, they were definitely likely to return on their next trek to Philadelphia.
Highly recommend as it's an awesome dive bar with a beer selection that can't be beat.Great service from bartender - incredibly helpful as we were from out of town, gave recommendations for where to go and what to see. Really enjoyed the beer, would go back for the fries!Found this place via Yelp while visiting Philly in late June while there for the Phish show in nearby Camden. Upon entering this place which was located on a hoppin street in I believe Olde City? I was delighted by the EXTREME selection of good beers. Noticing a personal favorite of mine Delirium (tap with the large pink elephant) I quickly ordered one up and took a seat next to the misses. She had been onsite for several hours as she opted to not head to beautiful Camden for the show, and she was even more impressed than I was and had sampled several beers that satisfied her. On this Friday night at midnight the joint was not overly crowded and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes a vast selection of beers, because Eulogy will have SOMETHING you like. I cannot comment on the food, but for this guy, it gets four stars for beer selection and ambiance.First time to Philly and looking for a bar.  Founds this place and I was not disappointed.  The beer menu is ridiculous if you like beer.  The place was very cool and had some whole in the wall charm.  The waitress was very cool.  Maybe next time I'll try the 150 dollar beer.Yeah I was here. Great Belgian beer selection. Beer Mussels and Garlic Mussels were tasty but the Garlic overshadowed the taste of my Delerium but not my IPA. Guess thats my own fault. The Busty Blonde beer they had was on point, like a sweet savory malty meal in my mouth. I'd say it compares well to Monks based on what I had. Dont know about burgers or if they even had one. Friendly crowd that didnt make me feel like an outsider even though I'm not a local (anymore).Great beer selection - especially if you are into sours or Belgian traditional stuff. The staff is knowledgeable and the beer menu is extensive, though a few times I have been there, they have not had some of my requests from their normal menu - though their bartender had no problem suggesting a replacement. 
Food is good, but the dining area is pretty cramped and people are up and down the stairs a lot of the time. I recommend going on an off night and eating at the bar.I was really excited to try Eulogy because I had heard about the great beer selection and fun atmosphere.  When I finally got to go with a couple of friends, we made a reservation that would give us a couple of hours to try some interesting Belgian beers before we went to a movie at Landmark, just down the road.  
We ordered dinner and one round of drinks.  The wait time was a little long, but nothing too unusual for a busy evening in Old City.  After I finished my first beer, my glass sat empty for a pretty uncomfortable amount of time before I finally grabbed the server and asked for a second.  She never came back to ask my friends if they wanted a second round.  In fact, when she finally did come back, it was to ask us if we could close out so another group with a reservation could take our table.  The server later came by to apologize and explain that the incoming group had been putting a lot of pressure on them to find an open table, but by that point we had already closed the tab and were on our way out with a bad taste in our mouths.
We all felt like the restaurant was more concerned with fitting in as many customers as possible and less concerned with providing a good dining and drinking experience.  With so many great beer restaurants in Philly, I will never waste my time on one round of beer at Eulogy again.  The menu (food and beer) was quite similar to Monk's, so if I feel the need for another quality Belgian beer experience, I will head there instead...and hopefully get to enjoy more than one beer with friends.The beer list and the bartenders were amazing!  The bartender was familiar with every beer on the extensive list, it was impressive and his recommendations were excellent!  We also had an order of the frites which went well with the beers. The atmosphere is dark regardless of time of day. Go for the beers!Eulogy is, hands-down, my most favorite place on planet earth to enjoy beer. But not just any beer....BELGIAN BEER!!!! and my friends...they have lots of it! So buy yourself a Delirium on tap, order some Belgian fries, and polish off a bowl of mussels....b/c my friends....you have arrived in the promised land.I'm a big, big fan. A big fan. Like about as big as their beer menu big. Or as big as their succulent mussels big. Or as big as the hangover the next day big. 
You get the point.
We strolled in here planning to stay for one obscure beer with plans to move on to Monk's as was recommended to us by another bar. Then along came Mariana, our waitress. She could read my beer-lovin' boyfriend like a book, so beer after beautiful beer, we were locked in. We ordered the mussels with bacon, sausage, and potatoes with some pomme frittes on the side. As noted, the mussels were some of the biggest, juiciest suckers I've ever had the pleasure of devouring. And the pomme frites came with some nice dipping sauce, but on their own were flavorful.
We walked out of there with a great buzz and about 8 beers in our hands; they'll sell you beers with the caps on it to take home! Sweeeettt.
Only negative, though not a deal breaker, was that they were out of two beers we realllly wanted to try. Okay, so I'll give them a 4.8 starts; it still rounds up to a 5.
So I can't really say how or if this is comparable to Monks, but I was certainly pleased. And Mariana was a gem; ask for her if you need some recommendations because she is full of them.
And a note to the NJ douchebag at the bar who ordered a Miller Lite? Live a little, my friend. 
PS- If you're a Schneider fan, try Schneider EdelWeiss. Oh God yes. 
PSS- We were there until midnight on Friday night, and we had only one small group of scantly dressed women walk by us. Otherwise, the bar was evenly balanced with sports fans, college kids, NJ dwellers, and laid back folks. I have nothing to complain about the crowd, but if you want a table, go early.Beer Stop 139
----
After leaving the awful Beer Garden, we decided to check out Eulogy. Now I am a big fan of Monks and often use Monks as a barometer to measure other beer bars in Philadelphia. Eulogy certainly lives up, if not exceeds Monks in a few ways!
Here are 3 quick facts about Eulogy!
1. Awesome service! The staff really know their stuff....They were able to immediately provide a recommendation and really loved talking about beer!
2. Impressive beer list...The tap list has beer of every style available, while the bottle list is ridiculously impressive. They don't just have bottles from Belgium, but rather rare bottles from the likes of Jolly Pumpkin .
3. Great atmosphere!
Overall, this place is one of the best, if not the best, beer bars in Philly. cant wait to come back!Beer selection was good but beer was warm. Bar was cramped and dirty. I didn't look too hard for a health department certificate. Great trap for hipsters but adult beer aficionados should skip it.another place for great mussels and beer, best about this is they do take reservation! They have very interesting 'table" decor upstair, feels like halloween in some extend. I tried the fruity beer, the guys find that too sweet but i like it!Stopped in here before a concert after reading about all the beer selections on a Sat night around 6:15.  The bar on the first floor was full so we went upstairs and were told all the empty tables were reserved and only one seat at the bar.   The host went and got his manager and we were able to sit at a 2 top.  we were next to a large group of loud obnoxious men.   We ordered 2 beers.  Our waitress was very knowledgable about the beers however my bf waited for about 10minutes to get his beer while I already had one.   I was about done my beer by the time his 10.00 11.2 ounce bottle came.    The waitress waited on this group of ten before bringing out his beer!  Then when we were finished we had to wait forever to get the check.  And the table next to us had the reserved sign on it the entire time with no one sitting there-for an hour.  We will probably not go back to this bar.  There  are much better bars in Philly.   But I will say the mussels smelled great.  And I hate mussels.This is a great place to go once in a while, only because I would end up spending way too much here. The beer selection is amazing, and the last time we were here our waiter could tell us the complete history of every beer we ordered, and you could tell he loved telling us. I would recommend trying what they have on tap, as well as what is listed on the beer menu. If you have someone visiting from out of town, tell them to forget all of the cheese steak and soft pretzel BS and bring them here. Oh, and the food is also pretty good too.Sooo many choices! Very bad for a indecisive Libra like myself. After taking about 15 min. to decide on a drink I went for the Vanilla Porter and the Old Rasputin Stout. Both very rich and very good! The HUGE bowl of frites were yummy. Don't forget to ask for some sriracha to add to the mayonnaise...so good.After hearing chatter, a friend & I stopped in before a show.
It took a second for the server to greet. I understand that though. It was a Tuesday night and extra people aren't really anticipated to come. But the server was a super nice guy named Martin. He was our own little Beer'opedia,
We started with the calamari which came out IMMEDIATELY. It didn't even seem like it was 5 minutes. (Either they're that fast or they had an order already made up.) Either way the thai dipping sauce was amazing and had a little kick to it.
My friend went with a classic Chimay standby and I choose De Dolle Stille Nacht. Strong, hoppy, high ABV. I didn't hate it but I should have asked more questions. I was looking for something along the lines of Legacy Euphoria, as I'm not a much of a beer drinker (I blame myself for not asking if anything was like it.) But our food, 2 grilled cheeses (1 w/ bacon) & fries. I've heard about these fries. Dear lord I pray they never change their recipe or oil type. These are the best fries I've had in such a long time. I finally see what the hype was about.
I'll definately be returning.Eulogy is and will always be my favorite place in the world!  Dave is a great bartender and knows what beers to recommend based on your tastes.  They were out of my Old Rasoutin Stout, so Dave recommended the Great Divide Yeti Chocolate Stout.  It was great.  Food was awesome, as always.  Loved it!My wife and I spontaneously dropped in here while on vacation in Philly around lunchtime one spring day. Nothing like a Belgian beer for lunch! Oh and the veggie burger was pretty amazing. We left happy and a little tipsy!The Belgian (and other) beer selection is phenomenal. We went around 6 on a Sunday evening and sat upstairs. The bartender was very helpful with info about the menu and draft/bottle list. The tuna burger was cooked well, but a bit under-seasoned. I might try it again during lunch and see if it's a bit more flavorful. I'll definitely be back to see what else is on tap/available.Wow. Amazing Bar... My bartender that I had, Dave, was the best. He had such good understanding of beer & food. A true master and commander of the bar.
My brews were excellent , and were greatly guided through the massive stock the bar holds by our bartender.
The food I tasted was delicious. The fries were thick cut, and double fried with a great crunch. Dipping sauces were awesome.
Definitely, going back...I will freely admit that I am a weenie because I haven't eaten at Eulogy, so I vow to come back and add to my review once I have chowed down on their grub. I have, however, sat at the bar on many, many occasions and I have always had an awesome time. Their beer list will bring a tear to your eye if you love ale and posses an intense hatred for sports bars that only have Miller Lite and Bud on tap - I am thrilled that our city has a place for those of us who give a damn about what we drink. The bartenders are cool in a very understated way (they aren't convinced that they're cooler than everyone else in the room) and I love the dark, European vibe. And the bathroom is usually clean-I'll drink to that!Wow, they have so many beers here.  Amazing beer list from around the country and imports.  Our group came here and ordered a half-dozen different beers; we shared them and compared notes.  A minus is that there is *no* space in here!  The bartender knows how to guide you to what you want.  The beer list is ordered alphabetically with the ABUs, alcohol content, and state/country of origin.What do I love about this place? Well, for starters and most importantly, this is where my husband and I would go when we were just dating. Aw, such happy memories. :) We happened on the place by chance one night. Had a couple Belgian beers and we were HOOKED! They have a friggin' amazing selection of beers at this place. Also, the burgers are delicious! I think I had probably one of the best burgers in my life here. 
The place is small with upstairs and downstairs seating. It is crowded (it's a bar!) and can be really loud on the weekends. It is a basic bar. Not fancy schmancey or anything, so you can go really casual, but I've seen people dressed up for a night on the town and everyone just blends. 
Now I am longing for a weekend in Philly with my husband with no kids to relive the good old days. ;)I've REALLY tried to like Eulogy, but the only reason to go is the beer. If you do go order a Dirty Ho (Hoegaarden and Framboise). I've gone on several ocassions and it takes forever to get service and the forever to get what you ordered. I'm not looking for fast food, but come on. Don't make me wait 15 minute for my drink and 30 minutes for my food.
The food is ok. Nothing special to be honest and nothing to make me want to wait 30 minutes for. It's not bad, either though.This place is amazing.  Amazing beer selection and knowledgeable bartenders that can help you navigate through it.  The food is damn good too.  I recommend the sausage trio and the burger extremely strongly.On a recent business trip to Philadelphia my husband and I found ourselves with time to kill.  We found Philadelphia to be an awesome city, very walkable and much nicer than I had anticipated.  I had to ask myself why we'd never visited "the city of brotherly love" before.  Anyway, we walked down to Penn's Landing--it was cold and we needed a place to warm up and get something to drink.  One of the locals we had encountered the day before recommended Eulogy's as a good place to check out and as we just happened to walk right by it we went in.
The entrance is a little deceiving.  It was difficult to tell if the place was opened or not.  Now mind you, this was in the early afternoon, not a busy time for bars.
It was small and not crowded. I think there was only one other customer at the time.  We asked for beer recomendations and the bartender asked us what kind of beer we liked.  Neither of us had ever partaken of Belgium beer before.  I told him I liked Pilse and he recommended Stella Artois.  Wow.  I am now hooked.  According to the bartender, who was awesome by the way, Stella isn't even the best Begium beer.  As one reviewer before me noted, Euglogy's has some of the best 300 beers you have never tasted!
We tasted a few--though unfortunately, I can't remember the names.  This little adventure completely changed my view of beers.  I'd always thought German beers were the best.  I was mistaken.
But let me just mention the atmosphere of Eulogy's... if I lived in Phillie I would be there every day. It was warm and cozy and old fashioned and that bartender (who said he was a transplant from DC) really made these two old farts have a nice enjoyable afternoon.  I can't speak for the night-life there--the bartender said it gets really hoppin.
We recommend that you check it out.
I shouldn't forget to say that the food was good too.  Husband got a Phillie Steak and he raved about it.
9/30/07
Went back for a second visit to Eulogies.  My goodness.  It was still great.  A little more crowded than before.  We got the Belgian Fries and tried several beers.  Our daughter and son-in-law came and they were impressed.  Unfortunately, they were out of my favorite:  Gulden Drak.Eulogy is an awesome place! An amazing beer list (8-9 pages) with staff that is very knowledgable and can help you make a great selection! The food is pretty darn good too!Ok... I've been here two or three different times when visiting Philadelphia.  Place is dark and dreary feeling inside.  One time I was here,  in January, the server was very nice.  Last time I was here, in August, server was not quite as nice and a little bit incompetent.  Beer selection is huge---mostly Beglian.  Very small wine and bar selection; go for the beer.  Had the fish and chips last time I was here.  Thought it was delicious.Let me preface this by saying, I am a beer enthusiast.  This place serves really good beer.  But just serving really good beer doesn't cut it.
This place's beer is steeply overpriced, like most other bars in Philly.  That knocks it down one star.  But the Philly bar culture tends to have the redeeming quality that the food tends to be pretty good.
Unlike most other bars, the food here is rather boring.  I also found it a notch ($1-2 per item) up in price relative to similar food that I've had about town.  The food here is heavy and doesn't have enough fresh veggies on it.  Low quality and high price of food knocks it down two more stars.  And there's nothing to bring this place up a notch again.
Service was good.
Ambiance?  Just like any other bar.
You can come in here, order a generic meal, drink one beer, and it comes out at about $40 for two people, not including tip.  I felt ripped off.  That's money I could be saving for the future when I have kids, so they can go to college...or money I could be donating to charity.  Or I could just be going out to eat more often, at more affordable places.  I would not come back here.I been here twice, both times I had mussels.  The first time they were great, this time they were full of sand.  I realize that they can't control the sand ,but the bread that was served was old too. They do have a great selection of beers though.Beer.  Lots and lots of beer.
If you can't find it at Eulogy you'll have a hard time finding it in Philly.
My only complaint is the space. It's tiny but it sort of adds to it's appeal in a way too.
If you are a beer fanatic, you have to try this place.Hated this place. Small, cramped, and humid. Tried one of the house beers, can't remember the name of of it, but I do remember waiting 10 minutes to get said beer (that was warm and smell like bad citrus and that nasty piss smell after eating asparagus) while 3 staff members stood there bitching and complaining about other employees. They all seemed to be on speed because they wouldn't stop fidgeting or shut the hell up. Won't go back plenty of other bars to choose from.Great beer selection and the mussels are a must. Very flavorful and great amount/quality for the prices. Issue is how slow the service was - we sat upstairs for dinner (with a reservation) and it took over 15 min just to get our orders taken. We almost walked out due to the extreme slowness. In addition, people who came in after we did got served and got their appetizers before we even had our orders taken. They should definitely increase the wait staff in the evenings upstairs!Nice beer selection and great service. Wasn't impressed with the dessert offering for the eveningI'm revising my previous review to say some nice things about the food, now having eaten here several times. The Moules Provencal (get the small size, for single serving; large is really for 2 or more people) were very good. Order the Frietjes, too, they are not included. My dining partner spoke very warmly of the Salad Steak. This is not a white tablecloth restaurant, but overall has good, honest Belgian pub food. But as I said in my previous review, the beers alone are adequate enough reason to come to Eulogy. Our server, Ashley, was resolutely helpful and attentive, making sure I got precisely the sour red I was thirsting looking. 
Serious local beer drinkers won't need to be told about Eulogy. But if you are new around here, you should understand that while Philly is a great beer town, Eulogy is one of the jewels in the crown. At any given time, they will have several European, and more specifically, Belgian beers on tap. Just the other night I had a fabulous **Panil Barriquee Sour Red** - from Italy, can you believe it? The bartender the evening I was in, Dave, was excellently attentive and knowledgeable. Goes out of his way to make sure patrons get the beer that suits their tastes and desires.Thoroughly enjoyed brunch and beer with Conor​. Such a pleasant, welcoming, knowledgeable bartender/connoisseur!!! Please do yourself a favor when visiting and let him suggest something you've never had based on a description of what you like
..he hit the mark with all four of us.  Also, make sure you get that grilled cheese sandwich. You won't regret it! A five star experience!