I'm obsessed with this place! I've never been to a distillery where I've liked EVERY beer. I seriously like every beer here. The Stacy's mom is super solid. I've also really enjoyed their porters as well. They always have something new on tap, which is fun, but a bummer if you found something you liked the last time (purple monkey dishwater). The ambiance is chill. You can play battleship and have a drink.Stopped here for some beers before a concert. We were able to get a table right away which was nice. I got a flight and enjoyed my beers. Nothing I really LOVED but I'm not a big beer drinker. They do have food here. They have a lot of board games so it's a nice hang out place.I visited Evil Genius on a Thursday night with a group of about ten people. It was pretty empty when we arrived around 5, but got busier as the night progressed; it never got packed though (I'm sure weekend nights are a different story). The space is large with high ceilings; there are plenty of tables, high tops, and seats at the bar. We had no problem securing a large enough table for our group. The general theme is very 90s - the beer names, the menus on old VCR covers, the games at the tables, the year-round christmas decorations, etc. If you get a chance, check out some of the signs in the bathrooms, they're pretty funny. 
They offer a wide variety of beer, mostly IPAs. We didn't order any food, but that menu also looked extensive and appetizing (lots of veggie options too). You have to order in the middle of the bar where the ipads are (there are only two of them) which means you have to wait in line; since it wasn't busy when I went, this wasn't an issue, but I can image this would be pretty annoying with larger crowds. The prices were decent - $11.50 for a flight and around $5-8 for a beer depending on the size. If you're getting the flight, ask the bartended to write down which beer is which because they don't label them.Great beer options. BUT PLEASE!!! Lower the lights. This is not a Walmart. Atmosphere is everything guys and this place is too bright. Honestly. Everything else is awesome but I really hope you take my advice and change out the wrong kelvin bulbs with warm ones and set to dim setting and not blind. People and friends have all told me "yeah, it too bright in their. let's someplace cozier". Don't get me wrong. I don't want to stumble around in darkness it's just there needs to be a happy medium. Good luck.Holy cow, two 5-star reviews in one night!?
Really, it's come down to execution. If you are looking for a fun brewery that has great beer, space but not too big, and an easy layout, this is it.
I didn't have any of the food and I'll admit the menu didn't look Tony the Tiger great, but seeing several items come out, I'm sure it's good.
Beer (flight mind you):
-Lemongrass IPA 4/5
-Apricot milkshake IPA (5/5)
-Caramel Machiatto (3.5-4/5*)
-Double IPA (1/5)
-Sour farmhouse ale (5/5)
*This beer is pretty sweet, which I don't really love. It was tasty which warrants a 3.5 for me. The size it was in the flight was perfect amount. Why 4? The name of the beer is New Phone Who Dis. So yeah, had to order.
Even though their DIPA at the time sucked (Hans), the other beers were great to phenomenal. Atmosphere was awesome, I'd come back anytime!The beer is good but kind of expensive. No happy hour. The space is quite nice. The crowd is quite boring.Lots of great beers with crazy names. Food is ok, but not enough to come for on its own. Nice beer garden.A beautiful large tap room.
Great value on beer with 5 flight pours for $11.50.
A bunch of different IPAs for the hop heads, including some with fruit additions. The mango witbier is not over the top with fruit or wheat, while staying light and drinkable. For those those chocolate lovers, the hazelnut chocolate stout is recommended.Love their beers and great atmosphere! Excited for it to be finally open. Food was okay and it took a really long time for it to come out.This place is a down and dirty version of Frankford Hall. I'm not a fan of the random used furniture in the front kind of sceeves me and the outdoor space lacks some ambience but loved the Amazing selection of beers especially the watermelon one and the Pineapple one that I tried. Space is huge so good for large groups and staff was friendly!I have always been a fan of Evil Genius beers and was super excited when they opened this place up! I got a beer flight, which was a great way to try all of the beers I was interested in. I like how I was able to write down what I wanted on a little notecard and just bring it to the bartender. Then they pour the beers in order and they are numbered on the actually beer holder, that way there is no question as to what you are drinking. I also like how large and spacious this place was! They supply games on the tables and there were some people playing old video games by the front as well. Had a great time playing Battleship and drinking beer.By far... this place is amazing. The staff is top notch, super nice. The beers.. I mean, really?!? Gets busy but expected. Outside area is spacious and has Jenga and cornhole. Def recommendI love that this place is not their production brewery. All the stuff we buy in stores is brewed up north. They call this their lab and it's where they get to experiment and try making new and different beers. The tap list is full of creative brews you can't get anywhere else and they rotate often. Love it!Awesome place, awesome selection of beers + old school games. Food is also pretty good. We had their buffalo chicken dip which was delicious and their tacos. They have rerun episodes of The Office playing on their first TVs which honestly was the cherry on top for me. Definitely will come back next  time I'm in Philly again.This place is a mess. It definitely feels like a suburban brew pub plopped into the city. The beers all have cutesy nerd culture names, so you'll feel terrible about ordering most of them. I ordered the vegetarian banh mi, expecting a Vietnamese hoagie. It came out as a pita with some bland creamy tofu/tomato mix that was cooked in a sandwich press. I asked about mixed drinks and they could only make a gin and tonic, which seems like a really pathetic approach if you are going to carry one bottle of booze and a mixer. 
The physical space seems well done and has lots of room, but the decor is a mess of antique knickknacks and geek stuff (the men's and women's bathrooms have Star Wars decals on the door). Oh, and the men's room has a fucking trough urinal.
The music was the worst and huge TVs were playing local news and That 70s Show. The place cleared out by 10pm on a Saturday, which made total sense.Nothing like a good dog friendly brewery!!! One of my favorite places to go in the city. The beer is so good that even people who don't usually drink beer would love half the stuff they have cuz not everything tastes super hoppy. They have a wide selection too and change it up all the time which is super fun. Love that they have games to play while you're sitting there too. Only bad thing is the foods a bit pricy so I usually don't eat hereDo you enjoy quoting Family Guy? The Simpsons?...ANCHORMAN? Are you wearing shoes? Well put them on! Now come to Evil Genius and have a beer! 
Evil Genius is the newest addition to the Philly beer scene. It offers some tastefully named beers- all references to a movie, a song, TV shows-that have nothing to do with the beers themselves. And I enjoy that. Why is "I love lamp" a pineapple hefeweizen? or my personal favorite, Turtle Power, a pale ale? We will never know. 
So grab some of your bros, shout "Ma the meatloaf!" and they'll give you a beer (It's a witbier). Just beware of the food menu, it's expensive. I don't know what "hoagie dip" is but its not worth $10. I have faith it'll get better. Drink the beer, and walk down the street to Loco Pez and get yourself tacos. 
Drink Local.Love love love. The lab always is experimenting with super cool and flavorful beers. I love the system of ordering so you're not falling over people who are sitting at the bar and it goes quickly. Indoor and outdoor space are super cool. Great and kind people who work there.Great build out with good beers and food- very excited for the new beer garden to open.  The ordering system is a little wonky...especially when they are busy, but I trust they know more than I do about how they want to direct flow inside the bar.If you're vegetarian or vegan I would not eat here. I ordered a grilled cheese that had a piece of CHICKEN stuck to the bottom. I was so disappointed, I haven't eaten meat in 3 years. I don't think you should have to inspect every inch of your food before eatingDidn't try the food, but there was nothing we didn't like about this place. Although, the speakers were loud where we sat. Kept having to hear about Tom Brady.
The chocolate hazelnut stout I'll have what she's having-was our favorite.
Nice quantity of choices and nice that they have flights. An interesting tea-infused beer wasn't something you'd want in large quantities but nice to try.The beers here are awesome! Nice atmosphere. Great for groups. Good outdoor space with cornhole and other board games inside. Great place to hang out in the afternoons or through the night!Really loved the vibe at this brewery. Came on a Saturday night and it was packed! They have a retro theme for this spot and also a sega genesis console in the corner as well! The IPAs here are good and what makes them stand out even more are their names. Great spot to hangout and grab a beer.One of the best hang out spots! Always a fun time, and good food! It can get pretty crowded on Saturdays but if you get there before 3 you should be able to get a good table! Great for gamedays too!Pros: beer is good, interesting variety, although a bit heavy on the IPA options
Cons: food is basic, you need to order your drinks/food at a central spot at the bar, where you collect your drinks and have your food delivered to you when ready
Warning: One of our ordered food items was not delivered after we placed our order at the bar and paid. We were told that we were not billed for it (not sure of that - paid cash) and that to order the missing tacos a credit card was necessary, which I gave to the waitress. We began eating and drinking what we had and eventually the tacos showed up. We ate those, talked and drank some more, and left about 90 minutes after we arrived. 
Only after returning home almost 3 hours away did I discover that the waitress never gave me back my credit card/had me sign for the taco order charge. I noted that I had received a square receipt by email, reflecting a charge placed at midnight (we left at 7 pm) - $6 for the tacos and a $2 tip! I immediately called Evil Genius that night and left a message for a call back. I then called during business hours the next day and again left a message. I also e-mailed. No response. Weeks have passed. Not good business practices. 
I wonder how many other customers have a 33% tip added to their bills without their knowledge? I also wonder the fate of my credit card (I cancelled the card once I realized I had left it and there were no additional charges).This is a friendly place! It's an easy walk from the Berks el stop. It's a little strange to order, but it makes sense and you get used to it. I love their variety, and the staff is very helpful. I always feel welcome walking in.This is based on take away strictly. 
My friend owns a business not far from here and bought a 6 pack of assorted beers for us to try. Out of the 4 of us trying them we didn't like any as they were all IPAs. He bought it because he believed it to be a mix. I don't mind IPAs too much and these were not my cup of tea. We winded up trashing the majority. RIP beers wasted he also spent about $30 on them. RIP money wasted I will go in for my self and review at a later date.Very cool place, walk in seat yourself and help yourself to a beer from their wide selection. With the German game on and I had to help myself to a flight. Favorite beer was easily the Mango Weiss and the watermelon one was close second. Also ordered buffalo dip and nachos for the table and both pretty solid. I would definitely check this place out if you are in the area as it is a good brewery edition to Philly.Amazing! Love Evil Genius. We took a friend out in the area and this was our favorite spot. So many fun and delicious beers to try. Totally recommend!There is literally nothing to not love about this place. They have unique names for their beers - they are all fantastic and have a variety of different styles that are all unique. A peanut butter porter? A lavendar hibiscus? They also have board games and couches to lounge on. They have an outdoor area where you can lounge and watch the summer pass you by. 
This is one of my favorite breweries in the city and I'm always excited to come by for a flight. It's a great starting point for a great night.Decided to check out this new spot because it always looks super packed from the outside. The majority of their beers are on the lighter side, so paying $12-$15 for a "coors light" type of "craft beer" is a little comical. Obviously because of the hipster atmosphere, they're going to charge more. However the presentation of the beers were a nice touch, and the beer garden sets a nice ambiance at night.We sent for Father's Day with 6 adults and 4 kids. Had a great experience. Of course, the beer is very good, but in addition to that the staff is super friendly. We were a little nervous about bringing kids, but it's a very family friendly atmosphere. There is a big indoor area and next door they have an outdoor section which the kids really enjoyed. The only food we got was the desert nachos (waffles) which I recommend for kids and adults.My oh my oh my...what delicious beer here.
A trip to EG is always going to deliver, because you are going to get a range of creative, witty named, delicious beers.  Trust The Process...goddam. I said goddam.  Get in there and drink that up.
Great interior and exterior space, positive mental attitude messages in the bathrooms and brilliant staff with brilliant service.
Long live Evil Genius.Great little watering hole with craft brews in a laid back setting.  Bar chow is good and prices very reasonable.This place was just fine. Their beer has names like "Holy Scnikes" and "You Mad Bro?" The vibe is casual but sort of common. High ceilings, exposed brick and ductwork, and loud music mean you have to scream at the people you're with to have a conversation. The menus are on old cassette tape boxes and the music is all hip hop from the mid 2000s. They've got a really specific target audience: millennials who were kids in the late 90s and teens in the 2000s (like me). It's fine, but only fine. It could have been any hipster bar in any city in the whole country. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but I also wouldn't tell anyone not to go.Evil Genius makes a lot of great bears, and is constantly rotating new options through their taps. Where some breweries focus on a narrow field (Oh good, 8 cloudy IPAs on tap!), EG has something for everyone. I'm a fan of Ma! The Meatloaf and Supernintendo Chalmers.
They have a ton of space, though not a lot of seats at the bar. They have a designated place for getting beer, which mostly works, but sometimes creates a long line. There's a mix of high and low tables, and some couches up front.
Outside is a large garden area, though they don't always have the outside taps going. They also close a little early on weeknights, so make this an earlier stop.Everyone, please give the braintrust of Evil Genuis a round of applause, for they truly deserve all the accoladades they're getting.
We recently patronized this brewpub/brewery/neighborhood bar on Front Street underneath the rumble of the El on a Sunday afternoon. It was busy, but due to the enormity of the interior establishment (yes, it's bigger on the inside...Whovians, anyone!?) still a few tables were available if you want to methodically and patiently sample their creative menu of drinks. We found 'This One Time at Band Camp' and 'Turtle Power' to be refreshingly light and delicious, especially if you're looking for a summer ale substitute.
The interior of Evil Genuis is, simply put, an intelligently designed space with tall ceilings, an old school video gaming area resembling a college dorm living room, plenty of seating areas of bar stools and table/benches, and TVs to boot.
We also ordered food (i.e. deconstructed hogie) and it was a good accompaniment to draft beers. Was it the bomb diggity? No...there are a lot of Yelp complaints about their food and it's true - don't expect Michelin Star appetizers. The idea is that you drink enough so that the food is ancillary to the primary objective (which is to sample all their beers!). At the end of the day, they're a brewery. They don't have a world-class kitchen, and honestly, you twits who go there hungry shouldn't expect high-end dining; go down the street to Wm. Muherin's Sons and fill your empty stomachs with $$$ plates of pasta and pizza for that.
(Hey Evil Genuis guys and gals, how about adding a beer called 'Haters Gonna Hate' to your menu?)
Ok so my final assessment of Evil Genuis is that they did it right. Nothing there is chintzy. The beer is somewhere between great and who gives a f*ck. Frankford Hall, honestly, has nothing on EGB.
P.S. closest stop is Berks Station if you don't live in the hood of Fishtown/SoKo. Street parking is decent within quarter mile.Everyone here was super nice except for the "manager" in the Sweater. He was super rude and condescending. I spent a lot of money here and when I ordered 2 entrees he informed me they were out of BOTH and in a super rude way. Evil Genius Brewing...your beer is great. Your employees are super sweet. Except for sweater man. Get rid of him. You don't need a knock off Miz working here.Too much fun stopping in at this brewery. I don't remember much after visiting but I do recall 2 things Stacy's Mom definitely has it going on and how the heck did they make a beer taste like a chocolate peanut butter cup?
 Dangerously delicious combo in an alcoholic beverage...thank you sir, may I have another? Just thank goodness for their great service, comfy seating and friendly crowd. I grabbed a power nap fo...sho...FANTASTIC venue! Awesome selection, staff, and food. Super fun people. Outstanding Burlesque Revue. Ask for bartender Meg! Tell her "Liza Minnelli sent me." Hahaha. Def my new favorite spot in Philadelphia.Awesome brewery with tons of beer options for decent prices. Easy to fall in love with the place as soon as you open the doors. The open feeling of the brewery with tons of childhood games makes it easy to spend hours here. Besides the chill atmosphere inside, you have the option to go outside which feels like someone's backyard. The set-up outside includes corn hole with tons of chairs and high-tops for groups. Besides the rotating beers,  they have tons of food options. Really something for everyone at this place. FYI - beer samples (5 of them) is $11.50 for context.As someone who is eagerly awaiting the opening of the Evil Genius Brewery, this place will definitely tie me over til their official opening. This beer garden was a great place to bring a group on a Saturday afternoon. We arrived right when they opened.
There are a handful of tables with umbrellas to shield you from the sun or in our case rain. They set up an additional tent for people standing when it started raining which was very thoughtful. There was a giant jenga set right at the entrance which I could see being fun...i just wrote on the blocks with the supplied sharpie.
Along with having a few Evil Genius Beers on tap, there were a few beers from Saint Benjamin and then a single cider from Commonwealth Ciders. I opted for Ma! the Meatloaf from EG and it was $6. There were cookie cups with beer (?!) and assorted food trucks around but I wasn't hungry so I skipped them - maybe next time.
I definitely want to come back to this place and try a few more of the beers. Evil Genius is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Super packed, tons of beer, great food. It is a must go if you're touring breweries like we were. I'm not a local so I don't know the scene but I had a great time here and plan to come back. Philadelphia has a great beer scene and feels more laid back than at home.Nice beer and lovely space!! Food definitely needs improvement. Our nachos came with cold shredded cheese sprinkled on it...really? You couldn't just heat it up? :( :(This is hands down one of my favorite spots! The beer is so good its hard to pick one! There is something for everyone! They have dessert nachos which are great! the outdoor space is awesome! Retro video games and board games for everyone to use! Love this place.WOW. This has to be the best place possible. The beer is awesome and it is what everybody wants. I request their IPA'S to my local stores even at any cost. I have tried their IPA'S  as well as my friends and they are awesome. We are going to have to visit them in Philly soon as they are the best and their customer service department (Jenna) is awesome for info on their prize product and tours and their new beers. I would also subscribe to their website as they are the best.What a fun place with great beer. We stopped by with a couple of friends, and it was the perfect place for a chill night. They have an inside and an outside area with a bar inside and outside. The outside area has seating but does close earlier than the inside. The beers are reasonably priced and all of the ones we tried were so good. Prices are reasonable and great service!Great beer and very chill atmosphere! The beer garden is awesome. Nice staff. Food was good but they're getting more.What a cool spot in a not so nice part of town. They have a fantastic outdoor area with an outdoor bar, fire pit, lights, it's nice. 
Inside is really cool looking. Super industrial, reclaimed wood. Very cool decor. They have comfy sofas to sit on or you can find a table if you're lucky. The whole place is self serve. Order your drinks and food at the bar they give you a number and then someone runs it out when it's ready. 
We all got something different and loved the food. Nothing super fancy. I had their chicken salad sandwich and it was really good. They have great artisanal chips to go with your meal. As always, some of the best beer in the northeast. Give it a shot if that's your style.Good beer in a clean, lively venue with outside seating available.  Beer selection was great, with a wide variety of styles including plenty of unusual creations.  Food options were pretty good, including a few veggie options.Woah this place was a hidden gem and a great place to go out for a few beers with friends. The options they had on tap were great -- would highly recommend you go with a flight and pick to your hearts content.
Atmosphere is nice and causal, but you can tell that the place and its staff care about the quality of their beer. The place also has board games on several of the tables which makes for a fun activity while drinking your beverages -- we played battleship which was great.
Food options are a bit less exciting than the beer options (which is ok), but if your looking for a causal place to sit down and spend time with friends in the area over some great drinks, this place is for you!Visited here with a few coworkers and we had a great time. The beers have really creative names so it was fun to order them. They also have select cocktails, wine and cider for those non-beer drinkers out there :) Lots of board/card games around to play which was a nice touch. One of the managers gave us a tour of the actual brewery which was cool to learn about. I would definitely recommend this spot for group gatherings.The beers were delicious with outstanding flavors. It is difficult to find beers that truly capture the taste description but Evil Genius has it! Great relaxed environment with a nice, large patio.We stopped here on St. Patrick's Day (after about 6 hours of drinking), and there was a healthy crowd without it being overly crowded. Lines are well thought out and efficient for getting beers, and we were easily able to get a picnic table for our 8-10 person group. Bartenders were friendly, beers were great, and the venue itself is well-decorated. Solid place all around!Evil Genius has a fantastic atmosphere, with a great interior design, modern industrial look and tons of space to sit, stand and mingle. The eclectic collection of beers will satisfy anyone's palette. The outside area in warm weather is a great time.  Overall, I definitely recommend going to Evil Genius. Unfortunately, if you're hungry--I suggest you fill up elsewhere. The food is subpar relative to everything else mentioned.  This is coming from someone that understands bar/pub food is not meant to "wow" the crowd. I'm not sure if the food is supposed to be bad on purpose, but I have to admit I've left there earlier than I normally would to grab a bite to eat somewhere else.Great local brew pub! They offer a wide variety of of microbrews with delicious and unique styles. The space is clean and open - the perfect ambiance for any season. And they have a streamlined order management system so you don't have to wait long to place and receive your beverages and food. Would definitely recommend as a great find in Fishtown and PhillyAs a brewer and a manager in the industry I can say Evil Genius is has it going on. Great Craft Beers and Great Beer Culture!!! Scott is my man! Got the beard and the attitude for the biz!!This pub is fantastic! We love the beer and the creative way they do things. The food is ok, I recommend the meat & cheese tray or the actual sandwiches instead of the dips. The beer is by far the best and biggest draw!Easily one of my favorite spots in Philly, Evil Genius DELIVERS in all aspects.
For starters, their beers are banging. They brew some unique varieties, and I've never had one I didn't like. Their beers come in a variety of different sized pours, so you can easily try a few for under $10. On top of that, the names are HILARIOUS - an homage to The Office, Family Guy, and every other cult classic TV show and movie (i.e. "Shut Up, Meg" - just one of their "genius" beer names) You wont find football on their TVs, but re-runs of Parks and Rec or Donkey Kong on classic Nintendo.
Don't like beer? No problem! They've got a great selection of specialty cocktails and bar bites. Huge fan of the Hoagie Dip - try it on a grilled cheese.
In addition to all the above mentioned awesomeness, they've got a plethora of indoor and outdoor seating and tables lined with Scrabble, Trivia Pursuit, and the like, making this a great place to kick it for a few hours.
Free street parking is relatively easy to snag in this area, especially on a week night. 
Be sure to follow them on Facebook to keep up with their events. They host some fun nights here. I've attended a PSPCA fundraiser (so many puppies!!!) and a FREE burlesque show! 
Great place for friends, dates, and happy hours. SOLD! SOLD! SOLD!I've always been a fan of the beers, although I am an even bigger fan after my inaugural visit this past Saturday. I've never agreed with the too cool for school beer snob rap that they spend too much time coming up with great beer names and not enough time on the beer itself. I think that is a very unfair and undeserved reputation for the brewery. Saturday was their inaugural .5K charity race for MS, followed by a party for their one year anniversary of the tap room opening. Once around the block was the race, and a truly great time was had by all. Lots of fun! It was a lovely morning, and the beer list was impressive. They opened at 11am and the race was at noon, so there was plenty of time to "carb" up beforehand. Music was great, and the vibe was festive and fun. Over the course of the day I worked my way through much of the list, and I appreciated that they added brewery exclusives as stuff got finished as opposed to just throwing on the more normal stuff. I like the WE WERE ON A BREAK apricot milkshake IPA that I started off with - a decent take on the popular Tired Hands-style. The Just Tap It In and the The Files Are In The Computer, a vanilla dubbel, were both also worth tracking down. I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, and my running buddy had the buffalo chicken dip. Very similar, actually, with the sandwich just being the pulled  buffalo dip on a panini. Good sandwich, although I would be interested in trying some of the other general pub-esque menu items next time. I snagged a few other brewery exclusives in cans to bring home with me, along with my swag bag (2 free beers - one that day and the other good anytime, a water bottle, and participation trophy). Great brews, great crowd, great event for an even better cause. Stoked to get back, this time on a Friday or Saturday night for the evening. Thanks for a great time!Space is awesome. Great to bring a whole group of friends or just a date. I've enjoyed every beer I've tasted there and they have a great variety that have great names (it's a whole thing there). Food is very tastey but not the most choices here. They also brought in this "bye bye liver" show which was just hysterical. Don't thing I've ever laughed so hard at a comedy show. 
In response to some of the negative review on here... lol
1) why would you rate a company poorly because your friend bought all IPA's and you don't happen to like them?
2) it's a self serve bar, the bartenders ignored you because they don't take orders at the bar, there are machines quite clear in the center of the bar where you place your orders, so if you did in fact "move down the bar" you would have seen them.
3) the prices are actually very good for craft beer AT THE BREWERY
Anyway it's worth checking out.After what seems like forever, Evil Genius is FINALLY opened! I went on opening night but it felt like the staff had been doing this forever. The industrial, spacious beer hall is the perfect place to grab a drink while in Fishtown. They had ~10 beers on tap and most where from "The Lab" and exclusively served at this location. The location offers a few different glass sizes as well so if you are a lightweight (me) you can opt for the 8oz pours. There's a large chalkboard with the drink menu along with VCR boxes that have the menus placed in the sleeves. I tried Super Nintendo Chalmers (Nintendo x Simpsons reference) and really enjoyed it.
There is plenty of seating on the rustic wooden tables and large bar. We actually grabbed a standing spot where they have a thin bar on the wall. It's just enough space to put your beer while your chatting with friends. There is a large glass roll up door that leads to the brewery.. On the glass they had hand written what's on deck to be tapped next. They weren't offering tours but I did peek in.
The lines were a little long (opening night problems) so I didn't try and food but I can't wait to make my next visit.Loved this place. Great beer in a great environment. Just an amazing feel to the place, especially if you're off your a** drunk lolMy second time here...still loving it...will definitely be back!!  I came here with a couple of friends after work on a Thursday night. Plenty of street parking. Not crowded. Beer and food service were a "10". 
Bartenders are ALWAYS super friendly and helpful. 
Atmosphere is very chill...I like the set up of tables, high bar tops...plenty of games to keep you busy if needed.   Huge TVs....everyone is friendly.
I'm a stout fan..so I tried the Purple Monkey Dishwasher and really liked it. If you are a peanut butter and chocolate fan, this is right up your alley. Friends had the And It Don't Stop and liked it as well. 
For food we shared the charcuterie board... YUM!...and had the chorizo tacos-- EXTRA YUM!! 
The beer is great. The food is great!! 
This place is great!!
 Can't wait to be back!!This review is not for the beer, but for the food. The food is TERRIBLE. Think much worse than the food at your elementary school cafeteria, and costs $9-10 for anything ($8.50 pre-tax for a grilled cheese that tastes like it was frozen for years before reaching you). They should be ashamed. Consider this a warning to anyone thinking of going there hungry. Before you say it's a brewery/beer garden, why even get food: Frankford Hall is a beer garden and it has great food, and Dock Street is a brewery with phenomenal food. Seriously, they should go with not serving food/just serving packaged chips if they're going to pass of these abominations as food.Tonight was my first time at evil genius. 
We had a great time and when my friends food never came out the bartender was awesome and ran and got it and gave us free drink chips. Awesome customer service.  I love the water station and all the games. The little details like the signs on the bathrooms and the menus on vhs tape covers are so funny. 
We'll definitely be coming back!!! 
Awesome spot!The already blooming craft beer and pop-up beer garden scene in Philadelphia has welcomed yet another brewery. For now, Evil Genius is just a brew garden, but an actual brewery is in the works for next year. 
To me, there are two main components of a successful beer garden/brewery. Firstly, the beer needs to be good. Evil Genius already has that down. I've had many of their brews in the past but got to enjoy Turtle Power and Stacy's Mom at the garden during it's opening weekend. Generally, they have a nice list of beers, with great names, in their repertoire. In terms of the brew garden, they had four of those represented at the time of my visit, as well as some guest brews from St. Benjamin. How great is it that our local beer scene plays well in the sandbox together? How can good things (and maybe collaborations...fingers crossed!) not come of this? 
Secondly, the atmosphere needs to be good. Aside from the El roaring by every so often, the Evil Genius Brew Garden has the atmosphere down. There are a bunch of tables and chairs to hang out at. At least during opening weekend, they had food trucks parked out front on the street. In the brew garden, they had popcorn and a vendor that sold cookies beverages (beer cookie shot anyone?) The garden was everyone friendly. During my visit I saw an array of puppies, babies and adults of various age ranges. Speaking of ranges, I thought the $6 price range of the beers were totally on point and appropriate for what we got. It was a really chill scene and a place I'd easily see myself hanging out at. 
I think a challenge will be getting there, but that's probably the biggest Center City to Fishtown challenge anyways. For those using the El it shouldn't be too hard. 
Welcome to Philly, Evil Genius. I see you fitting right in and thriving.Came here over the weekend. It has a great atmosphere. I loved the flights! It's pretty cool that they have so many different types of games you can play with even a video game area in the front. I wanted to go to their outdoor section but sadly it was closed for a private event. I had a great time thereBeer garden delightful in good weather ,  pub grub of good quality and a beverage for any taste . Look forward to returning for future events !Awesome, awesome, awesome! Had my first experience at Evil Genuis and LOVED it. My husband and I sampled all 12 beers on tap. Staff was helpful and easy to talk to. Very cool space, too. Could tell everyone was really enjoying being there. We'll be back!My favorite brewery hands down! If you're looking for boring pilsners and lack luster ales, don't go here. The only thing more creative than their ingredients are the names of the beers. Ma the meatloaf will forever be my favorite but I'm in love with at least 2 beers every time I go there. Also the people are pretty cool and range in age.Liked it here! Good place to come on a nice night if you can grab outdoor seating. Nice selection.I like the vibes of the Evil Genius Lab, but unfortunately so does everyone else. Super hard to find a table, I've never been overly impressed by their beers, and the food is way over priced ($5 for a PB&J?!) They close fairly early, even on weekends so be aware. They have games to play their and you can bring your own. Lots of nostalgia pieces if you're looking to reminisce.I really have enjoyed all the beers they have on their menu. The names of the beers are really funny and add to the experience - all related to pop culture. I also enjoy that the bar is not your typical bar and has games around that patrons can play and Netflix playing on all the TVs.Listen, this place gets a 5 just on the basis that they took that spot under the MFL and transformed it into that incredible space.  Great location, great renovation, great beer garden and, although their beer may not be in my top ten ultimate favorites, they are constantly rotating draft selection and making it fun! There beer has to be good because we are basically there every weekend.   We also love the bartending staff - They are always friendly, fast and efficient.
I cannot rate this place on food - Just putting that out there.  I have not tried the food myself because this is typically the spot we hit for happy hour! 
For anyone visiting Philadelphia and hitting up breweries, THIS IS A MUST.  You aren't going to find a brewery like this anywhere!The beer is great.  They have a great selection and most please the palette.  The food preparation was scary, at best.  So my recommendation is to grab some beers and enjoy your time.  Eat somewhere elseGreat beer and a great atmosphere.  Good place to hang out as there are always games on the table and awesome beerI love the location and the beer is simply wonderful. I have had a few issues with some of the servers. Sometimes I feel like my skin is not white enough for one or two of the female servers. But 80% of the time the service is great. The beer is some of the best in the region. You have to try the, "I love Lamp."
Yes, I will keep going back! 
A few bad apples should not chase anyone away or stop you from enjoying life or a good beer.Awesome beer. Great location. Fun decor. Can't wait to see what this becomes as it growsOther than it being a little bright, I had no complaints about this place. Tons of space, staff was tentative and fast, beer was very tasty and they had something for everyone. Seating was a little scarce at the bar (I was standing the whole time while my girlfriend sat) but tables seemed to open up fairly quickly. There is a cool lounge as you walk in with couches and what looked like video games and bathrooms were clean with no lines. Although we didn't have the food (ate at cedar point before hand), it looked like great simple but high quality bar food. Over all I would highly recommend this spot and embrace it as one of my new neighborhood weekend hangs. Great job guys!!One of the only reasons I'll ever meander I've over front street. All of their beer selections have quirky names, and they have a wide selection of different types of beer for every beer drinker. Their patio just opened up for the season, but their lack of seating outside is noticeable when they have such a large space they could be utilizing. 
I had one of their new beers "Gweneth Paltrow's Head was in the Box," and it's described as a Blood Orange IPA, but I'm disappointed, becuase I honestly couldn't decipher any of the blood orange notes.The Good: the space is great, industrial/rustic look, fits in great with Front St. 
The Bad: the beer. Tried several of their beers and none were good. The names and descriptions get you interested, but the taste is just not there.Evil genius is an awesome establishment in the Fishtown neighborhood. Their beers have quirky names and they are delicious. They accommodate groups of all sizes and I would consider them a family friendly place as well! My favorite beer here is the #Adulting. The only reason I am taking off one star is because of their food. It's definitely lacking in finesse, but I don't blame them because that's not their main shtick.Awesome place to hang with friends and enjoy some good beer. We got both of their cheese boards for appetizers, I have no complaints. Not to mention, they easily fed 6 people for an afternoon snack.Great beer, wish they had more food choices though. Weekends are super busy.This place is sweet. Currently 10 beers on draft, most are "lab exclusives," meaning you can't buy them in stores. It's a hopping (no pun intended) place on weekends, and I can only assume the same on weeknights, as they aren't open until the work day is over. Currently there's a DJ, and the people sitting next to me are playing Risk, so they have board games that are extremely complicated. Also a fun mini-golf contraption. While I didn't have the food,  the dessert nachos sound AMAZING because why wouldn't chocolate covered waffles be delicious? I think it's funny you can order toast. For real, toast is an option. I love that their menus are on old VHS containers. The exposed brick is awesome, and I imagine when the guy finishes painting his mural outside, it will be awesome too. I will be back. Several times if I have a say.Went for the opening last night, space is awesome, beers we on point as usual, food looked good, would definitely return (plan to often). Really enjoyed the fact that they had lines to order beer and food, it was a much more efficient system then just standing two or 3 deep at the bar hoping to catch a bar tender.
Now, the only bad things, $15 for a crowler (32oz) is crazy expensive for take home beer, can get a growler (64oz) at another near by brewery for $12. Also this is  a $.50 more then a 20oz beer $8 and a 16oz beer $6.50 at the bar, so your paying more for 4oz less and the privilege to take it home, gotta question the thinking behind that pricing. Only other thing was $9 for a PB&J, better be making that PB in house and by hand for that price, it notes that is smuckers jelly in the description. 
Also, need a better bike rack, it was a tire rack that was not secured to anything. They should look into applying for a bike corral to take up one parking spot (like in front of Johnny Brendas)
Overall, really cool relaxed space (looking forward to what they have in store for outdoors) and good beer are worth the trip.Great beer selection obviously. I mean they brew it. Place is an old factory converted to your high school friend's cool basementThis is by far my favorite brewery in Philly. Great vibe, music, TVs with sports and movies on, and most importantly amazing beer. What I love most about Evil Genius is the risks they take with their beer. Today we had the Caje, Sprinkle, & Glitter Milkshake IPA, Apricot Milkshake IPA, White Chocolate Mocha Latte Amber Ale and Bagel Lager. The first three were really good. The bagel lager was brewed with 50 pounds of sesame seed bagels. It was interesting, not my favorite but that is what I love about them, they take chances. They also have a nice outdoor area and parking is always available on the street in front of the brewery.Decided to try this brewery out, since I've never been to it before. Walking in you see a bunch of tables, couches, tvs, and people playing board games. Waited in a line to order a flight of beer for a bit, and before I could even ask the bartender a question about the beers, she threw me a piece of paper to write down my beer selections and started helping the guests behind me. After I asked for recommendations, she told me to "figure it out mate". I also had an allergy question to ask, and she told me to step aside. This bartender was so rude and dismissive, we almost left. The beer was really good though, just disappointed in the service. Probably won't be back.One of the most adventurous breweries in the city. Most of their beers have a fruity twist. Think Mango "Wooder Ice" IPA and Guava IPAs. I normally like very hoppy beers, but I'm also a huge fan of Evil Genius's beers. They are constantly coming out with new beers on their rotating list. Fly like an Eagle has been my favorite to date. The interior and names of all their beers pay homage to everything early 90s (in a good way). Nice outdoor beer garden too for spring and summer. My only negatives are that the to go beer is pretty expensive ($20 4 packs) and they close pretty early  even on the weekends. Although it's not in the most  attractive area of fishtown/kensington I would rather take a friend from out of town here than Yards.Love this awesome new spot in Fishtown! We strolled in with a large group 2 weeks ago on a sunny Saturday. The vibe in this place is great. They have an awesome beer selection and their prices are reasonable. It looked like they are getting an outside area ready for the summer too, so if that is the case, that will be awesome. The staff was friendly and it was packed, so I think that everyone else has gotten the memo too. This place is family friendly as well and feels a lot less like a meat market than Frankford Hall. Kind of the grown up Frankford Hall kind of atmosphere. This will definitely be a usual spot for us this summer.Great vibe, better beer and good music (no Beatles). 
The decor is cool industrial and is repurposed from the old building making is cool and green.
The beers well there is simply one perfect one for everyone.  Fruity, hoppy, light dark, it's amazing how they match so many styles
And a key point here - more than 1/2 the beer menu is the LAB menu which means they are testing it here only with you.  Something special about that and in the world of a million microbreweries, Evil Genius is a shining star.**MISSED CONNECTION ** My sister and I went into Evil Genius last night, recommended by some locals we know. We got there and it was such a unique space with lots of character. We sat at the bar and the bartender, short dark hair and beard, greeted us and right away we felt so welcomed! We had an absolutely great time chatting with him and really enjoyed the flight of beers and cider we had. He even recommended an after hours place to check out after realizing they closed at 12am. We both ended up being pretty buzzed and chugged our beer so after that we knew we needed to go to bed but we got out of there so quick we didn't say bye or even get his name!! Hope you read this and want to let you know, you made our night!! And the best beer was the #askingforafriend :)You know how some beers will have fancy descriptions like, "notes of nutty hazel flower" or what-have-you? And then you drink it and it just tastes like a dark or light beer? 
At Evil Genius, the flavored or themed beers ACTUALLY REALLY TASTE like the things they say. Their chocolate peanut butter stout? Tastes like a little old grandmother made you a homemade loaf of rich wheat bread, with chocolate chips baked in, smothered it in peanut butter, and handed you a slice fresh out of the oven. 
(Plus, you'll want to buy their beers on the hilarity of their names alone!)The staff was awesome. They were nice, helpful, polite. They handled the lines for beer perfectly. The beer is phanomenal. The food was good. Not your typical bar food. I'll definitely be back.Evil Genius Brew Garden is one of the newest additions to the drinking-craft-beer-outside scene that's ever-so popular in Philly these days. Housed in a small courtyard on Front Street (close to the El), this spot is cute and comfortable.
I'm glad our group arrived right at 4 p.m. Since it was opening weekend, they weren't quite ready for us, but once they did open the garden maybe 10 minutes later, we were carded and on our way to the suds fairly quickly. We lounged in the colorful summer chairs and really appreciated the umbrellas when it started to rain.
I loved that they had a few Saint Benjamin's drafts available, including one saison I had never heard of before: Bayside. I'm choosing to believe that was named after my favorite band.
If you live in the area or love Evil Genius, I'd definitely plan a visit this summer. I'm not sure I'll personally be back any time soon since it's a bit of a hike for me, but it seems like they already have a good thing going there.Really loved it here! A great place to hang with friends during the weekend day. They have a great sampling option where you can do 6 different types of their craft beers. Would recommend trying that before committing to a larger size of a beer.
They have lots of seasonal beers which i like. They had a really great IPA that I tried.
We did not get food but it looked very tasty.. to try for next time!
They have indoor and outdoor seating which is nice. It was raining when we went so it was a bit packed inside. Seating was a bit hard to come by!
Their menus are on video cassette coverings which is interesting. 
Would definitely recommend making this one of your stops when in Fishtown!This is a great space to get a beer and hang out with friends. I came once in the summer and didn't enjoy the beers as much (only because I'm more of a fall/winter seasonal beer fan), but returned in November and really enjoyed their options. You can get a flight to try a few, or just get smaller pours if you don't want to fully commit. I think this is a great option since they have some pretty unique beers you may want to try, and might really enjoy, but maybe wouldn't want a full pour. Haven't tried the food yet, but everything around us looked good. I like the menus on VHS tapes and board games scattered throughout the space. I only wish there were more of them because it can be hard to get your hands on one when they're busy! Will definitely be back.I really enjoyed my time here. The inside of the building has been refurbished nicely. The decorating is awesome!!!!! There is an old tv stand with an old video game playing, the beers available are in the jacket cover spit of old VHS boxes. Now the beers! They are awesome! The flavors and the names keep it fun and interesting. Lastly, there is an outside area with seating and cornhole is available!Loved the whole setup! Beer was tasty! Delicious tacos and buffalo chicken dip! Also my kids enjoyed the retro Nintendo game system they have available to play.Hands Up!! (Not down) for Evil Genius - The Best Brewery in Philadelphia. A must go for anyone into Brews, Nostalgia, laughable movie lines turned into beer names and more! The space was converted from an old garage with massive ceilings and all of the tables and benches upcycled from the wood from their original roof. An endless bar with 20 taps. Light fare for food + a great staff. Stop - Drop & Roll your way over now! Evil Genius for the win!I've always liked Evil Genius, and I was really excited to come to this location in Philly. Initially felt kind of sketchy because it was under the L, but the vibe inside was great! The inside was surprisingly very spacious. Everyone looks like s/he's having a great time. Tables and benches were filled with people, and there are games laid out for people to play! This was awesome. I got in line for the beer, and the selection was great (hopefully, since it's a brewery). You're able to make your own sampler, and they have paper/pen out ready for you, and all you have to do is write the number down and they'll get it for you. I was satisfied with all the beer I had. My friend ordered food, which was average. Pretty much all finger foods, so not entirely satisfying for me. Overall, great place to come with friends and to have a drink!
Pros: Beer, inside vibe
Cons: Sketchy exterior, finger foods not impressiveReally appreciate how dog friendly they are. It's a huge draw to the beer garden. Thanks!What a great place, I love the stouts. My wife and daughter got lighter beers and enjoyed.
Very relaxed casual atmosphere. The architecture inside is incredible.
We will definitely be back!I went to Evil Genius with a group of six on a Saturday afternoon around 3:30. It was crowded and there were babies and children EVERYWHERE.  It has indoor and outdoor sections and 90s TV living room set up with games. We managed to snag a table inside and I got a $12 flight with 5 different beers. The beer names are hilarious, some of my favorite tasting beers were "BYE FELICIA," "Ma! The Meatloaf," and "You're Killing me Smalls". My group split nachos, pretzel with cheese, and the buffalo chicken dip. The buffalo chicken dip was tasty and loaded with meat, but the nachos were a disgrace. One could easily spend several hours here, except we got hungry and needed to leave for real food. If you're into a liquid diet, you could probably live here.It's been a hot minute since I've purchased or drank an Evil Genius beer but last weekend I found myself wanting to hit a new brewery and heard good things about this place. One thing led to another and now I'm writing a review. 
First off, Evil Genius has a really nice space. Lots of tables throughout plus an outdoor biergarten for the warmer months. If you've ever seen their beer labels, then you know they like to have fun with them. #Adulting, I Love Lamp, Sliding into the DMs etc. Plus this location has some cool Philly themed beers such as Trust the Process and Fly Like An Eagle. 
The beers are reasonably priced plus you can get 5 samples in a flight. We ordered a couple of pretzels, which are hard to screw up, but they were tasty especially with the cheese and mustard dipping sauce. My first bartender didn't seem like she wanted to be there but my second bartender was nice. 
Evil Genius is an overall great experience. I'd love to come back, try the food, and hang out outside on a nice day.We love the beer from here so we had to stop by while in town.  Took a Lyft from downtown then walked to a few other places afterwards.   I had a flight and the husband had a Salty Pretzel pint. Great beers with great names! I love the pop culture referenced names from movies and memes. Could have stayed longer but it was a bit too cool outside, a little too quiet for a Saturday night, and we wanted to see more of the area. A must-go for brewery lovers.Great spot to get a local brew. Their beers are terrific for the most part and this spot is perfect for their style. Basic bar menu with reasonable pricing. The space is open and great for small group of friend to meet and catch up. Street parking in the area is plentiful. It's definitely a go to spot in the area if I ever need to suggest a place!This place fills up quickly and can be hard to find a spot to sit because people seem to stay here for ever. I can see why though, it's fun but also comfortable at the same time. The staff are all super friendly, I didn't have any of the food but they had a small variety. I loved that they filled the tables with a variety of board games - I would recommend that they they clean them down a little more often than they already are.Amazing, big space, great food options, the beers are unique, full of flavor, quite potent, and constantly rotating.  Always a good vibe, not too quiet, not overly loud, and typically an immediate seat available even on the busier nights.  One of my favorite neighborhood spots in South Kensington.Of course Evil Genius has been on my "must visit" list for sometime - I finally made it!  The space is HUGE and I liked the retro vibe and comfy lounge area.  There are Large TV's with sports or movies playing - keeps you engaged.  There are also all types of games to play as well-stay away from "thinking games" while drinking - you always think you are a genius, but really end of sounding like a drunken philosopher...LOL
The outside space is cool too - bar - the fire pit and twinkle lights make you wanna spend more time - not a bad thing when the beer selections are pretty good!
I started out with the Nachos and a flight - both were good.  I decided to move onto the can release for the night!  It was a good time and I'll be back for sure.Venue: HUGE! Inside and outdoor seating. Plenty of room for large and small groups. We were there when it was super crowded and then it started to rain which didn't help the indoor seating area, but its a good sign people were still enjoying themselves. Plenty of tv's around to watch sports, parks and rec, saved by the bell. 
Service: very friendly, helpful, everyone from the cashier to the servers, to the bus boys. Everyone was efficient and our cups were constantly being collected, in part cause we had a lot piled up but also probably cause of the amount of people in and out, so they needed to clean all the cups they could.
Beers: so many choices, and their prices were very fair especially for their 5 beer flights. They had all sorts of kinds of beers. My favorite was the shandy as it had a very great finish. The mango, and many of the IPAs were delicious as well. Could not complain about the selection here.
Food: I personally did not get any food, but I kept eyeing all the food that was coming out and served to those around us. Everything looked so good, I don't know if I was just hungry, but loved it and I wanted to try every dish, maybe next time!Really packed.  Only one good beer on the menu.
The rest were IPA garbage.  
Also since its a beer garden people feel obliged to bring their Mangy Fleabags to the bar.  I'm sick of it.  Either you walk your dog or you go out for a drink.  
Stop mixing the 2!
Its like eating on the toilet. Each deserves its own separate timeslot.
I'm not a fan of IPA or any of the Hoppy sour beers out here, but i give this place 5 stars for those that do love it and having the option of seeing a dog lick its own ass while enjoying their favorite beer.(3.5 stars) Cool spot up in fishtown with a great industrial, open space feel. There's an outdoor area with cornhole and lifesize jenga, and an indoor section with lots of seating and board games. There's pretty much one line to order drinks which can get crazy long, but it moves fast. 
Sadly I wasn't crazy about the beers themselves. A flight is definitely the way to start (5 beers, 2.5oz each for $12), and they have a number of options but none of the ones I had or my friends did really jumped out at me. Was ready to move on to the next spot after finishing the flight.Came here as part of the inaugural Keystone Comic Con. Evil Genius partnered with the con for a lime-ginger saison, and it makes sense, a lot of the decor is pretty nerdy, and evil genius implies just the same. It was a hop and a skip away from where I was staying in Center City but I'm glad I got the chance to try out this spot. 
On top of the saison, I did a beer flight, which included 5 beverages of your choice. I really liked their saison, which I think was a con specialty. Out of the flight, I think I only liked 1 or 2 out of the bunch, but that's okay, no hard feelings. Staff was very accommodating and the space is both large and cozy. There's plenty of TV's and you can even grab a game to play with friends. Didn't try the food, but it smelled good.We went to the Wednesday night burlesques show for January. It was so entertaining! The food was great. My friend shared a beer sampler I end up liking the strawberry Rhubur and I don't even like beer! I can't wait to go back again!I love this brewery! When I was here, we did the Saturday tour (comes with a free pint of your choosing) and it definitely is a "you get what you pay for" kind of thing.  Basically, a pint is going to be around $7 and the tour is like a buck (the whole thing is $8 when you request to purchase a tour).  The back brewery is one large room, and it's more of a standing than a walking tour.  They show you their brewing tanks and talk more about the history of Evil Genius, the process, inspiration for the recipes, the names, etc for maybe 45 or so minutes if I'm remembering correctly?  
The interior space of the brewery is so cute - it's really rustic and comfortable, and there's plenty of seating (although it still can be really hard to find seating for your group because it's bound to be really crowded).  The beer here without a doubt is really good - they do some of the wildest things to their IPA's, and there are some incredibly unique combinations you won't find at any other Philly brewery.  When I was there, I got both the free pint and a flight to split.  I drank way more beer than my tiny self should ever have to drink, but it was well worth it.  I had the I'm in a Glass Case of Emotion (so good, has marshmallow fluff in it? Wild), Nobody Expects the Spanish Inquisition (Dark Cherry Saison, one of my top faves), They Did Surgery on a Grape (not my fave but pretty good), I'll Have What She's Having (chocolate hazelnut yessss), New Phone Who Dis (the coffee in it is incredible, another top fave) and one other because at that point I think I was too drunk to remember more.  But 4/5 is pretty good right?
It's easy to take a 6-pack of your favorite home, and they also have the option to mix and match beers for your own customized 6-pack.  It's a perfect place to just come and catch up with friends and hangout. This brewery is always cooking up something new, so be sure to check it out often! The beer names are worth the visit alone honestly.Pretty good well worth a visit. Try a new experience. If in area, would go back for PM DishwasherEvil genius is probably one of my favorite breweries in philadelphia! Great outdoor space for dogs, great beers! Just an all around fun time!EG is a nice local hangout and the atmosphere is outstanding. They have a great selection of beers and especially IPA's to drink on site and to go.   They have nice couches, Nintendo games, and outdoor games as well.Awesome and underrated brewery in the area! The cans are fairly priced, if they have what you like, I recommend cans since 4 cans is a growler fill. Also they do have a little backyard on the right side of the place which is awesome. Food is delicious too! Stop by if your in the fish!Very cool brewery and dining space in Fishtown. Right under the train tracks but you can hardly hear them go by. The tacos were great. The beers all have funny names inspired by your favorite movies. Very large and bright, the staff was friendly.I really wanted to love it here. I am certainly going to go back and give it another shot and update my review but for now I'm bummed. My husband was super excited to check this place out. We love craft beer but since we don't like any IPAs I was excited to try the pineapple wheat beer and the few other versions they had listed on the website. Spoiler alert- there were no wheat beers. UGH!! Eleven beers on tap and 8 were IPAs, with a porter and stout. Now I realize IPA is all the rage these days but I know so many people who don't like them. Crazy to have no options. 
On the positives, I'll say the concept is great, the location and parking are terrific and the inside has a fun, bright vibe. I love the retro touches like the old fashion video games, the cafeteria style food and the menus on the VHS tape cases. Very fun and clever.  The staff were very friendly, hard-working and welcoming. We had the grilled cheese and the PB&J with chips. Perfect snacks for beer drinking (too bad there wasn't any beers I liked to drink) and the rest of the food others were eating looked good. Certainly not a dinner destination, but fine for what it is. It's cool to see the "beer lab" through the windows and I'm sure the beer garden outdoors will be nice once it's open. 
Negatives: the lack of beer variety (yes I know I'm harping on this) and the open layout with large booth style seating. Four tables that could seat 6 each were taken by parties of two. There was nowhere to sit or stand and people were wandering around carrying flights of beer. Not nearly enough table space. The MOST bizarre part was the long line cattle call to get to two middle iPad stations, which is the ONLY place to order beer and food. It's was chaos with people waiting 10 minutes at the bar only to be told you can only order in the center counter. 
So let me break this down for you: you and your pal finally snag a seat at the bar. Get comfy. Wait to get the attention of a server only to be told one of you has to GET UP from your bar seat and stand in a long 20 minute line to order beer, which you then carry back to your seat at the bar. WHAT??!!
There's got to be a better system. I hope they come up with one soon.Evil Genius has quickly become one of my must-visit spots in Philly. No brewery will ever beat out Tired Hands in terms of delicious beer, but Evil Genius is probably my second favorite in the area. They have a wide variety of beer with something that's sure to please everyone. They also have a solid snack menu - the warm PB&J stands out in my memory. The only downside is that it's difficult to find a place to sit, particularly if it's cold and you don't want to be in the courtyard!Great open seating, and tables outside too. Offers flights of 5 beers to try out a couple different things. Lots of boardgames and ways to spend time. Food is also really tasty, highly recommend their nachos.This is a pretty great place BUT I ordered spinach artichoke dip and walked away for ONE SECOND and they took it before I was done so I'm sadTrust the Process is a must have also really enjoyed Stacy's Mom. Love the Lamp was not for me but I'm sure hef lovers will enjoy it.I'm not a huge beer fan but enjoyed a few of their beers.  The staff was very knowledgeable and made excellent recommendations based on my non-beer preferences. 
The space itself had a very relaxing vibe. The menus on the old VHS cases was so nostalgic. I couldn't help but open and close them a few times for old times sake. EG also had a beautiful outdoor area with plenty of seating. I noticed a few dog bowls laying around so it is dog friendly.
I would absolutely return to check out their food menu as it looked good. Highly recommend EG even if you aren't a beer connoisseur!There are too many positive things to say about Evil Genius that I don't know if I can say much except that I have Stupid Love for the space! #RCCame to Evil Genius for the first time a few weeks ago and loved my experience. It has lots of space, both inside and out. It has everything you want in a brewery- fun names of beers, board games, friendly people, outdoor space that is dog friendly, and great beer. I tried a flight and liked all of them. They have some really interesting beers. I tried one with cucumber notes, different fruits like watermelon and passion fruit, and then wit beer and a few IPAs. They even have a low calorie IPA which is hard to find. There is something for everyone here. Prices are reasonable as well. I didn't get any food but some friends got snacks and they enjoyed them. I would definitely come back for a tour and to just hang out and enjoy some good craft beer.This place has an amazing selection of beer for all tastes. Ended up getting a flight and ended up moving Aziz Light Cucumber the best. Also got the veggie panini which was great and a great value for the portion provided. The vibe of the place is great too. Got to listen to a bunch of late nineties and early 2000s music while drinking and eating. Definitely a great place to chill and drinkVery cool beer garden close to the Berks EL stop. They have a nice draft selection and the beer names are hilarious ("I like lamp," and "Ma! The Meatloaf!" to name a few). To order, there is a line at the bar, which I appreciate. No waiting until the bartender notices you! If you want a flight, you fill out a flight card prior to ordering. They also have wine, cider and hard sparkling water.
The outdoor garden is dog friendly and yes, there will be a lot of doggos for you to pet on your visit if it's a nice day. There's also a bar outside, which I found convenient. They serve food, but we didn't have any during our visit. 
Definitely one of the city's most unique beer gardens.TLDR: Really cool brewery in Northern Liberties neighborhood with some good beer.
Philly has some of the most well known spots for craft beer, like Tired Hands Brewing Company and Monk's Cafe. After searching online, Evil Genius seems like a place that could be a hidden gem for Philly when it comes to craft beer. I honestly never heard of Evil Genius, much less had any of their beers prior to visiting, but if I did see any Evil Genius beers again, I'd more than likely order it.
Unlike the two previously mentioned places, Evil Genius seems to be a little more accessible. In case you don't Uber, Lyft, walker, etc. here, I had no issues getting street parking close by to Evil Genius, which was nice for a change.
Anyway, the first impression I got when I got here was that tap room has a super casual atmosphere and if I lived in Philly, I would probably come back here to hang out again and again. 
Once you see the menu above the tap, you can't help but the notice the names. I can't think of a place with more memorable names than those at Evil Genius. See here if you want to look at the tap list ahead of time: http://evilgeniusbeer.com/lab/. I do like the fact you get a reasonably priced flight in case you can't commit to just one and/or want to try multiple beers. For 11 bucks, you can get 5 five ounce beers of whatever beer you want. I went with the flight and got:
- You Done Messed Up A-Aron (NE IPA)
- Han Shot First (Double IPA)
- New Phone Who Dis? (Porter)
- I'll Have What She's Having (Imperial Stout)
- Gwyneth Paltrow's Head Was In the Box (NE IPA)
Like I said, the pop culture and meme referenced names are incredible. As far as the beers go, I liked them all and I would say all of them were at least pretty good. My two personal favorites were the I'll Have What She's Having imperial stout and Gwyneth Paltrow's Head was In the Box. The former is definitely big on the hazelnut flavor, but it's not too overpowering on the stout overall, as it still has a distinct chocolate flavor too. The latter is a well balanced blood orange NE style IPA - can't go wrong with the flavors here and one beer I would love to have again.
The staff is pretty nice and I didn't have to wait long to get a beer. Overall, it's a really fun spot and one that you should visit if you're a fan of craft beer.We recently moved to the Trenton area of NJ and first learned of Evil Genius at a local beerfest.  We loved the samples we received that day and looked forward to visiting their brewpub during our next visit to Philadelphia.  We certainly were not disappointed.  Loved the beers and atmosphere...we just can't wait to go back.
Had the "I'll Have What She's Having" beer for the first time...chocolate and hazelnut stout...was FANTASTIC!!
We can't wait to go back!Update to my review. First off, I used the wrong "their" in my last review. I said "they're" when I meant "their". Huge pet peeve of mine. Anyway the Lab now has wine available and their food menu has been expanded. They do dips, pretzels, spreads, charcuterie, sandwiches and tacos. I tried various tacos and they were all awesome.Plenty of seating and a nice outdoor area. On repeat on all of the TVs are either The Office, Parks and Rec or sports! Plenty of board games... Yahtzee is my favorite.Evil Genius is worth a visit for beer lovers especially. They have a draft list and all the prices are the same for the various pour sizes. They offer a 5 beer flight for $11.50 which is a great way to sample many beers. But they also offer 8oz pours which I love because it's the perfect amount to enjoy a beer but not get too full off one. The place itself is really large, so great for groups and in the summer they open up the front and back as well as their beer garden. I love the menus on the VHS tapes. The food was okay, nothing special but satisfying. It took a really long time for our food to come out, but we weren't starving so we didn't mind. It's located pretty close to the L, so it's very easy to get to and it's not far from many other great spots in fishtown!So disappointed in this place. First of all they must close the beer garden outdoor area super early, with no signage or without locking their door. Second of all they straight up close early. Their hours are whack. Daytime place for sure. All their beers are gimmicky, no selection of red or amber ale or pale ale or lager whatsoever. Out of a dozen plus taps. Too many ipa's and hokey beers with silly names and ingredients. Tired hands does this better. Also I ordered an ice cream sandwich and expected it to be made in house or on par with weckerly's or basset's and it was just a shitty corner sto ice cream truck jawn for $3. Meh. Also no service everything is cafeteria style and you wait in a like and order at a counter.The beer is good but if you come on a Saturday the ambiance is like a scene from the movie American Pie.What a great brewery! There's a lot of beers available, so there's definitely something for everyone. Loved their little tasters. Staff was very knowledgeable and helped guide the process. The location is convenient to the el, and the space itself is cozy and fun. It was pretty packed on a Saturday early evening. Definitely excited to come back and try more!Came here last weekend for their birthday! Was a great time! They threw a block party with games and lots of outdoor seating. This was my first time at Evil Genius and had a great time. 
Atmosphere: Casual, plenty of tables for large groups to come and chat over a cold beer or two (or more!).
Food:  Didn't order food, menu looked great, friends had some fries and enjoyed those. 
Drinks: They mostly have IPAs and I'm not a huge fan, but all of my friends enjoyed them! I ordered the Stacy's Mom and the #Adulting IPAs. Both were good, and on the less hoppy side of things lol. 
Service: Great and efficient service. 
Definitely will come back.
Pro tip: parking on front street is free and plentiful on the weekends
Prop tip #2: ask to sample a beer before u commit, they're great with advice and sampling!First visit to the Evil Genius Lab location.  Great environment to relax and enjoy.  Food was okay, could be better.  Had the nachos and soft pretzel.  Nachos were decent, soft pretzel was old and too hard.
Beer is outstanding.  Enjoyed a flight of five Lab exclusives and all but one I'd gladly enjoy again.  The one I didn't like was not due to quality but style of beer; not sure why I added that to my flight card since I know I don't like that style in general.
All in all, great experience.  Very cool space to enjoy world class quality beer.
Staff was perfect, friendly, and accommodating.  Bathrooms were very clean.Dope venue, bad beer, overpriced food. Terrible names, super sweet beers could barely drink more than one without getting sick. Someone explain to me how wonder bread and packaged cheese is $9. Unfortunately I could see myself coming back, but I won't be happy about it.Ok. 
Love the skylights in the main area.
I do have issues with people bringing their kids into a bar. And there were at least eight kids. Not sure when this became OK. We never brought our children into bars.Best brewery in town!
Super casual vibes with Nintendo and The Office on the TVs. Also, there is a side outdoor seating area for the warmer seasons.
First time there I went the pint beer flights -- staff was super helpful with making sure we got a little bit of everything from the seasonal brews to the normal ones. The pineapple and guava beers are DELICIOUS.
Hope they continue the special editions cans like the Trust the Process ones. Great place to stop by during the week nights.Awesome pop up with a soon to come brewery next door (in November). Friendly to pups (we saw a few enjoying the evening air), live music, or they otherwise play chill tunes. If you haven't discovered this gem in fishtown, do it soon!!  Also, find Luke, he's the man.very fun brewery with more than just beer! 
sit down in the corner on the couches and play games or watch VHS tapes.
sit outside under the umbrellas and enjoy some convos and look at the artwork they have around.
order off of the small, but filling food menu.
beers are modestly priced here - i love their 5 beer flight for 12.00. they have various types of beer on draft too. also, dont forget to take home some case or loose beer, they sell that here too. the shirts are super cute.  fast service and clean bathrooms. overall, a great atmosphere.Good beer, great fun!
Came here during one of their street fests and it was a giant party! We snagged a table and enjoyed games with friends while sipping beer. The sparkling beer was fun to try. Theres also large screens to watch sports games and various board games around to play. We didnt try the food but the nachos looked delish!Like so many people, I support revitalization of the commercial corridor under the el and was eagerly awaiting Evil Genius!
That said, meh.
The space is great, but the beer line at the center of the bar is really disruptive to the flow making it hard both to maneuver through the seating area, and to get a beer.
Nothing on the food menu (sandwiches, dips) grabbed me, as a quick scan revealed limited vegetarian/vegan options during the soft opening period.  Maybe this will change.
Staff was friendly enough, and eagerly collecting empty glasses and plates to clear space for the large crowd, keeping the space neat.
The beers themselves are kind of interesting, and generally pretty good, but their names.  Oh, their names!  They are cringe-worthy.  "Super Nintendo Chalmers"?  "Stacy's Mom"?!  These jokes haven't been relevant since I was in high school.
I guess I'm probably 10 years older than this pub's target audience.  Maybe I'll come back here again someday and update my review.  More likely, I'll stay home drinking in my living room and yell at the damn kids to stay off my lawn on their way to Evil Genius.Beers were ok. Staff seem uninterested in serving us on. Give us our flight of beers and never came to ask if we needed anything elseLoove this brewery.  I'm not a huge IPA fan (I know, it would be cooler if I was..), but I am happy to say this brewery has AWESOME non-IPA beers (and presumably awesome IPA beers as well) The beers are so unique - one of our favs was this Lavender Hibiscus.   Another one of my favorites is the Chocolate Peanut Butter porter.  I couldnt get over that one - tasted like a cup of dreams.  I dont really think there's been a beer here I havent liked, and we've been quite a few times. 
The place itself has a super awesome vibe.  Laid back, great for an afternoon with friends, you can even bring your dog to the outdoor area. They have board and video games inside, cornhole outside.   Definitely one of my favorites.Great beer choices and the atmosphere is awesome. Food wasn't anything special but would definitely go back for the beer alone!I really enjoyed my time at Evil Genius. The beer and the food were both great, and there was plenty of outdoor seating. 
Most of the tacos were very tasty, with the exception of the tofu taco. I really enjoy tofu, but their tofu taco was not good at all. 
The beer was great, but service was a little slow. Granted, we did pop in at a busy time. 
Would recommend!Beautiful space, fun and great tasting beers. Be ready to wait in a line (though it goes fairly quickly). I wish there was table service because it is hard to get a round of drinks for a group of friends (with all the long and crazy names of the beers) and if you want water, recruit extra hands.
A few cozy couches available if you are lucky but plenty of places to sit. The food menu is meh, but we were there for the beer.
Here are some tips:
1. Send someone from your party to save a seat and get in line. The line can get suddenly big.
2. If you are a smaller party, sit at the bar and keep your tab open. The cashiers/bartenders will check in with you every so often and you can just get another drink without getting in line again. (But you still have to initially get in line to start your tab).Visited today with family and the experience was great. Christopher the manager on duty was fantastic, he let us try the seltzer bringing us to buy the variety pack of the three. My mother-in law would not stop bragging about the seltzer after the first sip of lemon lime.  We are very appreciate of chris and his service. We will be back!Upon entry, I was circumvented by the ghosts of the working class. It was here, as well as many other edifices in Philadelphia, where labor had made this city the "workshop of the world." Sadly, those days are long gone. Instead, we now have the neoliberal commodification of every aspect of society, including the factory, so as to perpetually profit off of the people.
Such is the case with the advent of the brewpub/brewery, which, like Evil Genius, enjoys using factory chic to entice the multitude into purchasing beer. The remnants of back breaking work is used as an impetus for fun and frivolity of the petit bourgeois and bourgeois, who have returned from the suburbs to embrace the gentrified city. Unfortunately for the capitalists behind the aforementioned brewery, the cracks in this palimpsest are readily apparent.
We could start with yet another version of Robert Indiana's "Love" sculpture. This time we've placed the word "beer" within Indiana's framework, and plastered it on T-shirts and other ephemera. Make no mistake, this is not about love, beer, or love of beer. This is about capital. Needless to say, it left my brow rather furrowed.
Speaking of the beer, I had the "Stacy's Mom," which was a solid IPA. The "Shut Up Meg" and the "Purple Monkey Dishwasher" left a lot to be desired. 
Speaking of desire, I wish they'd think of more clever titles for their beers. Before the brewpub existed, I had always taken issue with the choice of Evil Genius's names. I often saw it as a deterrent from purchasing their product. Come on guys, you went to Villanova, a pantheon, or should I say cathedral, of neoliberalism. Who knows, perhaps that's what attracts the Bro culture to these places.
I also found the prices to be a bit much. There's no middle man, I'm in the brewery, so why is the beer on the pricey side? They're also probably receiving a tax credit or abatement for setting up in a "blight" ridden neighborhood. Hmm.
Lastly, was the food. While I enjoyed all of the 80s references-Better Off Dead on the TVs, 80s music, and VHS tape cases for the menus-the food needs work. Although we experienced a great loss in the 1880's, references to the 1980s-Reagan and Thatcher aside-bring back fond memories. But I'm getting off topic, so back to the food.
For one, you should never proudly advertise the use of Smucker's jelly. As a farm to table kind of guy-no there is no butter or wax in my beard-I am not a fan of high fructose corn syrup. The first ingredient of Smucker's jelly and jams is, you guessed it, high fructose corn syrup. One would think, in this day and age, that establishments would refrain from using it, much less promulgating it on your menu. Perhaps I missed the mule cart, but increased risk of weight gain, cancer, diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease, and leaky gut syndrome are not things I find particularly appetizing. 
The hoagie without the roll that resembled glorified cole slaw, coupled with the grilled cheese, looked rather unappealing as well. My fellow comrade said that the grilled cheese was "one of the worst" he'd "ever had." A declaration I would not take lightly.
To be fair, the Evil Genius Brewpub is at the nascent point of its life. And like all journeys, there are many obstacles. My hope is that the individuals who run this establishment will address some, if not all of these issues before they escalate, and become the sand in the gears.Excellent beer...lots of choices... Fun place to sit with friends... Good lighting for game play. Large room to gather.Nice beer garden to enjoy a beer with your dog if you'd like and amazing happy hour specials!Went here with a group of friends for the brewery tour. The tour wasnt a tour at all but a talk in the brew area of how they started and make beer. Pretty disappointing. However, the actual brewery is bomb. The variety of beer and food selection is superb! There's also an outdoor area with benches and games.Full disclosure, I do think Evil Genius is one of the best Philly area breweries around. Since I always enjoy their bottled concoctions (and have never had any of their stuff on tap), I was excited to give their brick and mortar location a try. 
I love this place! The brewery is on a lonely stretch of Front street but I kind of like the isolation. The building is spacious and I really like the set up they have going on, with the back of the brewery. Wing open air and having such a large outside patio. 
Everything on tap was great and a completely different experience from their bottles. Perhaps their most famous beer, Purple Monkey Dishwasher, is really amazing on tap. You can really get the peanut butter flavors on the top notes which are usually subdued in bottle form. Other stand outs included 'And it don't stop' which was their saison offering, which was very tart but still pleasant to drink, and 'Ermahgerd! Hrny!' which is their blonde ale infused with honey. The honey was very prominent but not overpowering or cloying.
So this brewery gets a big two thumbs up from me. Their beers are well crafted and walk the fine line between traditional and outrageous, somehow managing to please everyone in the process. This might be my favorite brewery in Philly, and it's definitely worth the trip.Beer and atmosphere are fun, but the food isn't great and the staff isn't terrible friendly. All of the food tasted like I could make it at home. My friend and I ordered tacos and the bartender asked if we wanted hard or soft shell. We asked if we could do two of each and his response was "yes but the kitchen will hate you." ???? The tacos arrived about two minutes after we ordered so it didn't seem like a hardship.I really like the energy and vibe here. It's not the best beer I've ever had, but they get extra points for creativity and style.
I had a flight (which at 11.95 isn't the cheapest option, but the most fun with friends) and my favorite beer was their chocolate peanut butter porter. 
Had the toast with Nutella (impossible to screw up) but also had the Italian hoagie dip, it was pretty decent, not unreal, but decent snacking food.
The ambiance is great, very casual. It's a good little brewery in a blossoming part of town. It's nice for a drink and then a walk down bustling Girard Ave.Cool, relaxed, and fun environment. Large indoor space and decent sized outdoor space. Bring your friends, enjoy the sun and sip some beers! I wasn't a fan of the beer, but we still had a great time!Evil Genius is becoming one of my favorite breweries in the city. They are constantly putting out new and creative beers, including their recent Eagles themed beer Fly like and Eagle, a cherry wooder ice flavored IPA. Their Chocolate Peanut butter porter they call Purple Monkey Dishwasher, is an award winning porter that people really enjoy.
The environment in Evil Genius is very cool and relaxed a lot of seating and different places to hang with your friends and enjoy a very tasty and unique beer. On warm days they open up their beer garden which gives you a nice place to hang outside and drink some beers with your friends.
They offer a pretty unique food menu, including classics like peanut butter and jelly and grilled cheese and tomato soup, they also offer some desserts like their dessert nachos.
So if you're looking for a good place to hang with you friends have some beers and try beers you won't get anywhere else Evil Genius is a great place for you.Love the beer garden! I have been to evil genius more times than I count in the past 2 years. There beer never disappoints and they always have around 12 beers to taste. On a nice day the outside is wonderful and of course dog friendly which is always a plus! Just visited on July 12th with 7 friends who all enjoyed their flights and beers. We also split the pretzels which came with cheese and spicy mustard, yum!I went here intending to try the purple monkey dishwasher but they ran out of the tap. I was disappointed but was immediately excited to see they had a black lager. Loved it. Black lagers are hard to come by but anywhere that has one gets a thumbs up from me. Hopefully next time I will get to try the heavenly purple monkey.It pains me to write this as I'm a huge proponent of expanding out this area under the El and love local craft brews, however this place was underwhelming. The decor inside is awesome, it has a modern urban feel and plenty of seating. We apparently went for their Grand Opening weekend so I won't complain about the crowds and line as that's expected and my fault for not realizing it was Grand Opening. With that being said, the beers were nothing special. I ordered 3 beers at once as the line was too long to come back. I ordered 1IPA, 1 Ale, and 1 sour raspberry beer for the wife. Mistakenly, by the time I got back to the table I forgot which beer was which and figured I'd easily be able to distinguish the IPA at least. NOPE! I had no clue which beer was which as they all tasted nearly identical, beers were kind of flat and not much hops as one would expect an IPA to have. 
I really TRULY hope they work out the kinks and maybe I just got the bottom of the kegs, I'm willing to give this place another try and I hope they do well.Just stopping by Philly for a day and Evil Genius was our last stop. There was so much to do in Philly that we really had to narrow down what we get to do. It was our first time visiting Philly and Evil Genius is one of the breweries that we had to check out. 
The brewery was pretty big and they had plenty of seating available. We went on a Thursday night so maybe that's why it wasn't that crowded. The staff was really friendly and there wasn't a line to get beer. 
One thing that really stood out was the name of their beers. We ordered a flight of 5 oz pours and it cost $11.50. The ones we got to try were: 
Han Shot First * 8% Double IPA *
Gwyneth Paltrow's Head was in the Box * 7% Blood Orange New England IPA *
You Done Messed Up A-Aron * 5.5% Motueka Pale Ale *
New Phone Who Dis * 6% Caramel Macchiato Porter *
I'll Have What She's Having * 9.4% Chocolate Hazelnut Imperial Stout *
My favorite was Gwyneth Paltrow's Head was in the Box and New Phone Who Dis. The caramel macchiato flavor was good and I haven't tasted a beer like it. 
They didn't have a private lot but there was plenty of street parking available and we didn't have a hard time finding parking. 
Can't wait to go back! Definitely check them out!Great beer selection and surprisingly nice food with a big spacious location. 
Love the beer names, which is reflective of their overall style. The menus are on VHS cases. There is an SNES you can play. The decor has a nice weird feel to it. Very large indoor space as well as a nice outdoor space with lots of tables and chairs. Dog friendly. Had the Buffalo chicken dip which was very simple but surprisingly delicious. Came with very nicely toasted pieces of bread. Plates and utensils were all bio-degradable. 
Cons I suppose were that its right next to the subway which was kind of irritating in the middle of the day. Not a huge food list. But hey, you should come here for the beer, not for a five course dinner. 
Great addition to the brewery scene of Philly!Love this place. Great outdoor space, huge beer hall esque indoor space with cool games like card trivia, and classic boardgames. They even have a Sega to play on a tube TV. I've never been a huge fan of a lot of the beers they distribute but "the Lab" seems to offer a lot of one-off beers that I always like. I think having them fresh on site makes a big difference with the really hoppy beers as well. Haven't tried the food, but I know they offer some snacks here too but nothing really substantial. Come here for the beer and the vibe. Also, they're Instagram game is on point.Great atmosphere and great beer. The outdoor seating was awesome. I went with a group of friends and everyone loved their beers. Nobody complained about any of their beers. Decent food too. This place is definitely a must stop if your in fishtown. Possibly my favorite brewery.This place has such an amazing selection of beers. I happened to go here when there was a cool event of cookie eating for christmas. The place was all decked out in christmas decor and looked beautiful. They also had info about their roof bees! On the roof they have a small set of local bees where they use the honey for their beers. I love this so much!As their shirts says say, really silly beer names, really serious beer (or something like that). 
We came here after the Phillies game to escape 95 traffic for a bit, and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere is fun, funky, early 90s meets steampunk, and it's own quirk. They streamline how to order beer so you aren't just crowding up the bar, and I think that just makes it all the more efficient. There's ample seating inside, as well as an urba beer garden outside. 
I couldn't pick one, so I went with a flight - 5 pours for $12 - and had the killin me smalls, adulting, for the gram, purple monkey, and something else. One was a watermelon (delish - way better than 21st), a raspberry (also very tasty), coconut lime glitter beer (tasted too much like how an old lotion of mine smelled), PB porter (hands down fav), and a guava IPA (super drinkable and kept the IPA bite). Every beer was quite unique, but all enjoyable, to the point I had a hard time picking my next. And for those of you non-beer drinkers, they do have wine and spiked seltzer (no hard liquor though). 
If you're anywhere near the area be sure to check this brewery out, you won't be disappointed.I can't believe all the positive reviews of this place. It's really close to where I live so when it first opened I went a handful of times. The decor is nice and the prices are good. But that's all I can say that's positive. The beers are not good at all and they come in really atrocious, almost Jelly Belly-like flavors. I don't need my beer to taste like candy, people. And the food is shit. There are literally a dozen much better places within walking distance. Avoid.I must update my review to reflect the awesome bartender Brian and how the embarrassingly named beers "Hashtag Adulting" and "Stacy's Mom" both juicy fruit IPA's, have eventually slowly stolen my icy cold heart. And 6-packs of to go beer for $11 THANKUFun beerhall. We went on a Saturday and it was backed to the brim; was there for about an hour and couldn't get a table. However, we were able to order beer at the bar and find a place to stand. Great selection of Evil Genius beers with quick service, as long as you don't mind standing on more packed days.Love the beer and vibe. Nice place to hang out. 
I truly love it! 
They have really good beer.What a cool little brewery! Was in town for a meeting and stumbled upon this quirky little establishment with comfortable chairs and couches full of board games and fun beer names! We did a sampler and I could not find one of them I didn't like! One of our beers had edible sparkles in it, sounds weird but made for a neat presentation. Pro tip: sit out on the patio boys, trust me on this!I enjoyed a recent visit to this brewery.  The space is large, I found street parking without too much effort, as you serve yourself, you don't have to wait too long for beer.  On my visit, there were three "laboratory" beers on tap--beers that were only available at Evil Genius.  Confused when I saw One Time at Band Camp on that list after seeing it at Total Wine a few days prior, I inquired and learned that One Time at Band Camp is made with different hops every batch (and thus is always different), so the version I sampled at the brewery was different than the version at Total Wine.  With about ten beers on tap, there is plenty to sample.  Evil Genius does pretty much everything, but the focus seemed to be on pale ales (of all kinds) and darker porters and stouts.  
I thought the beer was great, the industrial space was nice, and I didn't mind the self-serve nature of the spot.  Why only three stars then?  In a city and surrounding suburban area with many, many excellent local breweries, I thought the prices here were too high.  A sample of five, four-ounce pours was $11.50 (whereas one 20-ounce beer is $3.50 cheaper).  A standard pour of 16-ounces is around $6.50.  At these prices, you can actually get Evil Genius at other area bars and pay less than you can at the source.  
The beer was good, but with these prices, I may choose another brewery first.I love these guys. I love this beer.
Take the El to Berks, then walk south a block and it will be on your left. 
It gets really busy. If you're going on a weekend, go early. I love many beers - one of my current faves is Trust the Process. 
Bites are good. Take a little tour. There's a beer garden area too.  
When you're waiting in line for beer, you can practice your putting on their little mini golf area.I liked their beer before I came here, but I LOVED their beer by the time I left. I ordered a couple different flights, plus a pint I enjoyed during their tour (brief, but informative and fun). There were still so many beers I wanted to try! I tried to hit the ones that I haven't seen on draft near my home in Allentown. The decor is crazy and fun, the menus are on VHS cases (I LOVE ironic anachronism), and there are board games available to play at your table. I had the most amazing grilled cheese sandwich. We went on a Saturday morning, soon after they opened, and it quickly became jam-packed. When we got up to leave, several different groups descended upon the table, preparing to battle it out for the valuable real estate. I had such a fun time and am hopeful to go back again soon.Great spot to kick back and have a few beers. They have a great selection of beers from IPAs, stouts, porters and different ales. Personally, some of my favorites are: Hazy IPA, Stacy's Mom, and the Double IPA. They also have board games and cards so you can pick up a game and kick back and relax.Love this place. Great beer options, awesome beer garden, and fun atmosphere. Never taken a tour but they do have them. Great place to hang with a group of friends!Evil Genius definitely captivates the uniqueness of the Fishtown neighborhood from its open, industrial feel, to its unique names for beers. That being said, coming into this bar, one does not simply order a single 16oz beer. If you want the full experience, a flight is an absolute must. $12 gets you 5 samples of any of the beers on draft (which is nice because I've noticed that quite a few places in Fishtown will charge a premium for certain beers in a flight). I think my favorite beer from the entire selection is the Purple Monkey Dishwasher, which is a chocolate peanut butter porter. The peanut butter taste is very strong with a subtle hint of chocolate, which makes for the perfect dessert beer. I also really loved the "But Marge, It Works", which is a Vienna style lager made with sesame seeds and adds for a unique flavor and the "Bye Felicia", which is a passion fruit IPA. I'm not a fan of fruity beers, but this one in particular changed my perspective. The food, for what it is (think crockpot/panini press) is also decent. We ordered the grilled cheese and vegan tacos, which were both excellent and hit the spot in satisfying the inevitable munchies that come with consuming a few beers. If you're a craft beer lover and find yourself in Philly, this spot is definitely a must! 
Side note: definitely a fun place to bring my pup as well when the weather is nice enough to sit outside!What a great name for a brewery, right? The atmosphere of this place is awesome, both inside and out on the patio. Lots of people, great music on the speakers, just a great vibe. 
The beer is delicious, which is probably the most important thing to know. I've tried many of what they have on tap, and most of them are really really good (a few aren't for me, but that's ok). The names of the beers are amusing too.
The food is solid, can't complain about enjoying a good sandwich with my beer(s)!
I will definitely be back.Really loved the beer, but not the seating- or lack there of.  Honestly, we didn't plan the arrival for the two of us to have a few beers and grab something to eat we'll.
2:30 Saturday afternoon was packed! Had 2 beers and then headed out!Some of the worst beer I have had in this beer town. Have tried many beers to give a chance and not impressed. Seem to have a lot of neighborhood hype and that is good for them I guess!Really solid brewery with a wide variety of different kinds of beers to choose from. Highlight for me was probably the $13 flight to sample a few! We were able to just walk in and grab a seat at the bar but there is an option to make a reservation ahead of time. Definitely worth checking out.I probably could've waited another few months and just wrote this review during the actual holiday season, but I figured better late than never. What am I talking about? First off, beer! Evil Genus Beer Company to be exact. And that name packs oh so much more than just some totally taste-tacular brews. 
Here's the "second off" (to go along with the first), when I visited this Philly spot, it was July. And what was this zany brewery doing? Celebrating Christmas. X-Mas in July doesn't really do it for me (usually), but on a beer level, I was down.
The place was decked out in Christmas decor, though even without any garland or mistletoe Evil Genius is still awesome. Large enough to house plenty of thirsty customers while still cozy in style and setup. They have a friggin' couch area with Sega games...what more could you ask for?! (There's food too btw).
Well, you could ask for beer. At EG, you'll find your beer menu on old VHS boxes (the 90's kid inside of me was elated) and a nice selection to boot. A flight was of course the way to go and I have to say it was tough deciding. The choices did sound good, but so did the names. I mean when you brew a beer called Purple Monkey Dishwasher then you've sold me. It's those names (and their pop culture connections) that just make this experience a little extra fun. 
Okay, enough. It's actually time to talk beer. I did try PMD (a chocolate peanut butter porter) and it did not disappoint. A perfect balance of the two ingredients along with a little robust kick. I Love Lamp was also pretty perfect in its pineapple Hefeweizen ways. For the IPA in all of us, Utopian Blaster had that great bitter session balance. True to the "season", Santa! I Know Him (a festive saison) was out of this world. And let's just say the beer with the Prince name (you'll figure it out from the pic) was original and rounded out a spectacular selection of suds. There's truly some evil minds concocting these beers, but it's to our advantage!
Overall, Evil Genius Beer Company is nothing short of nuts. It's also funny, and cool, and kooky, and tasty and *insert positive adjective here*. I don't know how else to put it. Hey, Yards is a great brewery (stop if you haven't been), but if you're in Philadelphia and looking for quality craft beer, Evil Genius can't be skipped. Because 'tis always the the season for a pint.Love the beer and vibe. Nice place to hang out. 
I truly love it! 
They have really good beer.I am a big fan of Evil Genius beers and I am so happy I was finally able to visit the brewery! I loved the atmosphere and the vibe this place gives off. The outdoor area is roomy and there are plenty of spots to hangout with a group. It is also dog friendly which is awesome. We stayed here for about two hours and started off with a flight to try all the different beers. The beer names are fun and quirky and all tasted great. If you're a fan of IPAs this is your spot because they have a ton. Can't wait to come back because I absolutely loved it here!Top of the line brewery in Philadelphia. The beers are spectacular and the space is a very fun place to visit. It sits in a large warehouse with a neat corner of chairs/couches and a TV with video games. Moving back is a large bar with plenty of tenders to take your order and pour at the bar. Beyond this are rows of large tables. First come first serve. The outdoor space when the weather is nice is dog friendly. While the food is decent, this place deserves a 5 star review based on the quality of the beer. The names are very funny and often refer to pop culture such as There's No Crying in Baseball, Stacy's Mom, Santa! I know him, or You're Killing me Smalls. A hefty choice of IPAs to choose from. Definitely worth an afternoon!Great beers with the best names and an even better atmosphere! I got a cheese plate to snack on while drinking and the food was yummy too.This Fishtown bar is another good spot for beer lovers. A lot of their beers have creative names like Adulting or There's No Crying In Baseball and many more. I just stopped in for a City Wide which is popular at dive bars or smaller neighborhood bars. If you haven't heard of it then it is is a beer that comes with a shot of whiskey.Evil Genius is my favorite brewery in Philadelphia! I came across it on a hot spring day when looking for a place to drink outside in the Fishtown area, and the line for Frankford Hall was too long. Located underneath the train tracks, it has both an open indoor area, and an outdoor area with seating! There's one line for both food and drinks with multiple registers open, so it moves quickly, even when it extends all the way out onto the sidewalk. I highly recommend getting a flight (5 5 oz pours for $12) to check out the huge selection. Their beers all have funny/punny names, and you simply can't go wrong with any of them. My favorite is their watermelon blonde ale - called #icanteven; it's the perfect summer beer!How unfortunate that this place ended up being a disappointment. The space is cool and nicely designed with a retro theme. The beer is also okay but nothing special (not on the level of Tired Hands). However, nothing makes up for rude staff which I have zero tolerance for. This review is for the blonde waitress who just pointed at my unfinished beer expecting me to hand it to her before I was finished and the bartender who snapped at my boyfriend when she couldn't hear him  the second time. It's a shame because as we walked in we were talking about how everything looked so cool and we wanted to bring friends by. But after a terrible experience, I doubt that I would ever go back or ever recommend it. Evil Genius, get your crappy staff in check.Relaxed at Evil Genius Beer's outdoor garden on Saturday night. A place to grab a decent beer and chill with friends. Just don't come hungry, as the food options are severely lacking.
Quality: While Evil Genius Beer did not stand out in terms of any of the beers I tried, they had a good staple of options and a nice beer garden, at a time where outdoor bar space is a necessity. During my visit I tried five beers including Stacy's Mom Citra IPA, Everyday I'm Rustlin Oktoberfest-style Marzen, Trust the Process Hazy IPA, The Gang Gets Quarantined Fruited Sour, and Has Anyone Tried Turning 2020 Off And Then Back On Again Biere de Garde. The Biere de Garde showed they are willing to push boundaries, even though the beer did not work for me. Everyday I'm Rustlin was my favorite of the bunch, a beer that will suit with the changing weather. In terms of food, they need to figure out a better option. The Pretzel Bites were barely adequate, and the other options were sad to look at. They also had run out of beer cheese, which is inexcusable when your options are so limited. Either up the game, find a food truck, or let folks order from elsewhere.  
Quantity: Either 16oz Draft Beers or 16oz Can Beers. The Pretzel Bites is a sharable item and seemed like the best choice on the menu.
Value: $7-$9 for Draft Beers. $8 for Pretzel Bites.
Ambiance: Evil Genius Beer is located in the Fishtown area of Philadelphia. They have a large space, with a pretty massive indoor taproom and a good sized beer garden in the adjacent alley. The indoor area was only open for take-out and restrooms, but it looked like a nice space. The outdoor area they created was perfect, but a little concerning at how quickly it got cold even with a heat lamps setup. They had a big tent that covered the majority of it, with picnic tables and hightops underneath. Massive televisions split the center, allowing at least one major game to be played. A few tables sat outside the tent, but not sure how long they will last as the elements set in. The music was a little too much on the pop for me, but I'm sure someone was pumped for it.
Crowd: Reservations, especially for larger groups, are highly recommended. A few small tables remained open throughout the evening, but most of the space filled up.
Service: They instruct each table to pick one person to order everything via phone. It did not give an opportunity to tip at the end, instead I got an email the next day with tip already included. The host was super nice and accommodating, but the staff was not. Simply requests like changing the channel to a different game after the game showing was over were met with hostility.
Parking: Decent street parking in the area.I love visiting Evil Genius! The beers (and names) are unique and the atmosphere is so enjoyable whether inside or outside for their COVID safe seating.Evil Genius, where have you been all of my life?! I've been dying to check this place out and I gotta say... it definitely lived up to the hype. 
Just a disclaimer: I'm not much of a beer drinker so I can't really comment on the beers. Which might leave you wondering "what is a non-beer drinker doing here?" Well thankfully, Evil Genius also serves wine! Breweries generally aren't my first pick so needless to say this is a huge selling point for me. Thankfully they have a variety of wines to choose from. They sell some small bites if you're looking to eat while you're there. 
I can sum up the atmosphere in three words: laid back, comfy, and casual. There is plenty of seating including booths and bar seating. But if you're lucky enough, make sure you snag a spot at one of the super comfy leather couches! There are plenty of games around such as trivia, Clue, and Bananagrams, just to name a few. There is also a outdoor area. I didn't venture out there but it seemed kind of tiny when I passed by.
Prices are affordable. A glass of wine is priced at $8. I noticed flights for around $11. The employees are nice and friendly. One employee even let me sample a couple of beers.
All in all, I would highly recommend Evil Genius to others... especially to all of you NoLibs/Fishtown people who are sick of the "typical" spots (aka Frankford Hall, Garage, etc). You're definitely going to want to add Evil Genius into the rotation!