Fado is a great environment. I've only been there for soccer matches, but have had excellent service in most scenarios. Sometimes it's so crowded that the waitress can't even get to your table, but those instances are few (El Classico, St. Patty's, World Cup).
The breakfast food is very good and hearty. Irish coffees are a must first thing in the AM, immediately followed with a nicely poured Guinness.
It's probably the best place to watch soccer in center city.Big soccer bar. Brunch is delicious spot on. Great atmosphere to watch a game. Delicious food would come back. Plenty of tvs to see games. Loud venue love it.We went here last year after the Color run completely covered in colored corn starch. Despite that, they didn't mind us coming inside to sit at the bar. The bartender was incredibly friendly and even bought us a round for participating in the 5k. I'd reccommend this place for some strong drinks and great bartending.We went here before a concert at The Merriam Theater a few weeks back, and it was great.  We arrived later than we wanted because of traffic, and told the staff we were a bit rushed.  They couldn't have been more helpful, and did everything possible to get us in and out.  The beer and drinks were great, and so was our food.  Will definitely return.Visited last night with my 2 girls before seeing Wicked.  They had fish and chips and chicken and chips and loved it!  I had the black bean burger - not bad.  Would have been better with a chipotle mayo or something like that, but overall good.  My girls devoured a brownie sundae after dinner.  It must have been something - they ate it like it was a last meal.  LOL.  Good service.  Took a little while to get our check, but the place was pretty busy by then - that was the only slight negative, but all in all good food and service.  I would go back!This place sucks. As a vegan, there were hardly an options for me and the staff were not very accommodating. Also, the atmosphere is really terrible. This place is full of douchey suburbanites. I'd recommend Good Dog down the street and stay far away from this joint.The review is strictly based on weekend, late night shenanigans. When looking for a spot to drink, dance, and have a sweaty grand old time, Fado is one of the first spots that come to mind. Based on the crowd on a Saturday night, I'm not alone! Definitely a regular spot for letting loose on the weekends.Went with the family before going to the orchestra. It was OK, server was relatively friendly (but didn't get her name). Food was nothing to get too excited about. I made the mistake of getting Corned Beef and cabbage, corned beef was OK, cabbage was under cooked. We also had the fish & chips and the Irish breakfast. Sausages were fully cooked but too mushy in the middle. Fish & chips was standard American version. I've been on a mission to find a good Irish Coffee. Atleast this one was made properly, with heavy cream sitting on top (as opposed to spray cream that most use). The downside was the strong cinammon mini swirls on the top - they were too overpowering. We got in and out in an hour early Friday evening, so can't complain about that.Was let down by the quality of the food and didn't feel particularly welcome. However service was quick and efficient and atmosphere amongst patrons was great.Went here with my friend and her mother while we were going to see a show in Philly. I was skeptical of the place at first considering we could sit where we wanted and I wasn't sure if our waitress would ever get to us; the place was packed. Surprisingly, our service was friendly and pretty quick! Our dessert did take sometime to come out, but the manager came over to our table and apologized for that. The customer service was great and the food was delicious. The Shepherd's pie melts in your mouth, the rhubarb pie was sweet and crafted perfectly, and even the wrap I had was great! I had a awesome meal and will be back again (regardless of the mass overload by the bar. :D)Great authentic Irish pub. Owners are from Ireland  (though it seems to be a chain upon further Internet research) and take great care in their business. Sat at the bar for lunch and ordered an old fashioned which was carefully and very well crafted. Delicious.
Ordered tomato basil soup (just okay) and a very good corned beef sandwich. The horseradish on it was awesome-fresh and bitey.Great neighborhood bar! Fun to watch sporting events at because the crowd is always fun and everyone gets into it. The service is always on point!
Food is very Irish, which is unique, and inexpensive. Great seasonal drinks and an awesome happy hour! Quiz night every Wednesday which includes the all night happy hour.
Late night menu after a night of drinking is delicious. Best chicken fingers I think I've ever had. Good brunch as well included bottomless bloody marys and mimosas.
Crowd is fun on Friday and Saturdays. Good music and dancing.
Just an all around fun time at this place!!Ok I take back what I said about the food. Over the past few years their menu has improved drastically. I love going here for lunch now! The menu changes regularly and everything I've tried has been amazing! Also I have not had any run-ins w the nasty quizzo master since my last review. Fado is officially back in my good books!The double stack cheeseburger was cooked and seasoned just right. I've been on the hunt for a burger that's similar to the ones I have had in New Zealand. Which side note, if you ever visit the land of the Kiwi's you must get a burger with aioli. 
Back to this Irish pub... this burger was the closest burger so far to the New Zealand burger. The only thing missing was aioli! I think I will have to buy aioli and just sneak it in this place. The fries were also delicious. They weren't thin but they also weren't too thick. I also had a strongbow cider to go with it which came in a pretty tall glass. 
The service was slow however my table was in a good conversation so it wasn't a problem for us. I could see how if people were looking for a quick meal or may just want to eat instead of talking with their company that they would be annoyed with the service.Bloody Mary's are great, but the bar is very small. Tough to grab a drink, but it really depends on the night. Haven't had the food but from what I saw on some of the tables.. Looked great.Let me morph into the cranky version of Tony Bourdain for this one . . . ok.
Wanna meet meatheads from two continents?  Enjoy waiting 15 minutes for beers as you get jostled by random drunken louts?  Like overhearing inane arguments between couples whose combined IQ struggles to break into the triple digits?  Come to Fado on a Saturday night!
Maybe if you're a desperate soccer fan or you're going at a slow time, Fado is worthwhile.  If it's the weekend, however, this place is just like every other massive Irish Pub establishment in Philly . . . big, loud, and stupid.  Ugggh.Whoo, what an intense soccer bar! Full of hardcore fans, who cheer at every goal and groan at every miss. Awesome place to watch soccer and get in the full soccer spirit. I've heard this is the best soccer bar in the city.Fado's in Atlanta was my favorite place to watch Soccer games
Now Fado's in Philly is my favorite place to watch Soccer games. The best part is the large selection of European beers, the Europeans sports that they have on and the great bartenders makes it one of my favorite places in Philly again
I love the breakfast potatoes and the Franziskaner beer and of course the huge number of EPL fans
Every weekend morning during EPL season, I'll be here rooting for Manchester UnitedWe came here once while out bar hopping. There is no circulation in this place - granted this was about 5 years ago but all I remember was how hot I was. The music was good and people were dancing but with all the people and no air circulating, it got hot and stuffy really quick. We were dying in there and felt like we were going to pass out. We never came back here so I'm not sure if the stuffyness is still the same.Oh how I love Fado ! Love coming here just for casual drinks, a night out, or dinner date. Love the atmosphere inside this irish pub. Great bartenders and good beer selection. Food is incredible.Daytime - OK food, international soccer fans crowding in for a decent spot in front of the oddly laid out TVs (unless your game du jour is on the big screen).
Nighttime - where dorks come to dance, not letting the fact that there is no dance floor deter them.
If you're within 5 years of being 30, have a good job now but were the type to stay in and study in lieu of partying in college, and still regard your semester abroad as, like, the most incredible experience of your life this is the place for you.  Ya nerd.Great place for burgers and beer !  Had a great meal and server Dana who was very attentive and friendly !  Will def come again !Food was good. We had the fish and chips and an extra side of chips, but be honest, no one goes to the pub for the food.  The beer selection was outstanding. A good number of beers on tap, both local and from abroad, as well as many bottled choices. I'm a Guinness fan and they offered multiple Guinness mixes.  Atmosphere was good and the DJ took over at 11 and kicked it up a notch.  Next time in Philly I will definitely try to make it back to Fado's.  My friend and I sampled a few different drafts and liked them all!Not necessarily anything special, but the drinks are pretty much decent priced, the barbeque wings are absolutely delicious, there is plenty of seating, and Quizzo on Weds nights is fun and actually sort of challenging.  :)I've only been to Fado for drinks before, but last night I had my first meal there and I thought it was absolutely impressed. I was expecting just to be a bar with satisfactory food.
The Service: 4/5
Grabbed a table for 3 on friday night and the bar was a bit crowded. Getting our service started was a little on the slower side. Our waitress made some excellent suggestions and was pretty helpful. 
The Food: 4/5
Ordered the parmesan chip(fries) and a reuben. The parmesan chips were nice and light and nothing mind blowing, however the reuben was fantastic and is enough reason for me to return. The slaw wasn't overpowering and wasn't too thick and heavy, the bread was nicely toasted, and the corned beef was very hearty.  
The Atmosphere: 4/5
It's a Philadelphia bar, so normally you get the usual effects (smells like beer soaked in the wooden floors, sort of dim, etc.). It wasn't too loud, and their are plenty of separate rooms so sound doesn't travel or get enormously loud like other bars.
Fado is a solid establishment. A great place to have drinks or dinner with some friends or a if your date is a sports fan.Fado gets five stars from me for a few key reasons: Champions League soccer, Six Nations rugby, absolutely the friendliest bartenders in the city, and a cozy atmosphere no matter the time of day. Oh, and their bartenders are actually Irish. What a novelty at an Irish pub...The service was so bad i hate this place the bartender was a unfriendly  i cant believe how the people can be like that  too corporateDropped by to have a beer. Read the reviews and the negative ones I just don't understand. Great pub! Period. I ordered the Quesedillas based on a review. Holy Moly! Awesome!  Kudos to the chef that came up with the potato pancakes instead of a tortilla ...  Major good!  Staff is very nice. Friendly. You get treated they way you should get treated when you're a polite customer.  I'll be coming back, for sure.  Recommended this for everyone that wants to sit and have cold beer and some really really good food.The staff at Fado is really friendly.  Especially during the day.   Weekend mornings are great for watching soccer.  Great drink specials and fabulous brunch specials.  
Weekend nights can be a bit suburban and fratty what with the Patco train right in front of the bar.  The weeknight activities more than make up for it though.  They've got the best quizzo in Philadelphia as rated by Philadelphia Style Magazine. 
Overall this is a good place to go for a quiet drink most of the week, but you probably want to avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights.  Unless you like dancing, and people who wish they were cool enough for Continental.No where to stand , we were always in the way. We were leaning against a ledge and was told it was a table. I would have requested a different table if the hotess tried to place me there. It was very frustrating to not find a place to stand out of the way, we left after one roundjust the place to go when you live in the gayborhood but your out of town friends are afraid of "the gay bars." overpriced drafts but the atmosphere is pretty legit.
gets suuuuuper crowded on weekend nights around midnight, but otherwise a nice place to grab a beer. the food (yum! quesadillas!) is approved.Came for one of the Copa Americana games that was going on in Philly- USA vs Paraguay, and they gave out so much swag!! (See pic)! Fish tacos were delicious, spicy, and crunchy from the fish and veggies. Great prices, around $9, but hh is weekdays 4-7 so didn't catch it that Saturday. Place was packed that night and they have plenty of TVs of all sizes for your viewing pleasure. Could be a bit cleaner though. Friendly/fast-ish service. All in all 5/5!!Great service, good food, but minus stars for such EXPENSIVE drinks at a Pub.  I know we're in Center City, but this isn't exactly fine dining.  It's a fun atmosphere and I will definitely stop by again.my GoTo worldcup bar. Great crowds of supporters for both teams dressed in appropriate team colors. Guinness and decent pub foodyour experience here REALLY depends on why you are coming.  i come here for the SOCCER.  they have all the games going in multiple areas so if you want to see serie a you can even if a premier match is on in the main area.  
i also love that they have the soccer matches they are going to broadcast on their website - so you could even plan in advance. 
even though this is a weird small chain this place feels more like a local pub than an applebeas so whatever. i cant hate on that. but i've never been here for an after work ish happy hour or on a satuday night....  i can imagine it's filled with yuppies and could get rather obnoxious. 
 just wish they had more VEGAN options.  they have a ton of veg. stuff but it's dairy laden which is hard for me.  
also their bloody mary is NOT VEGAN.  there is fish sauce in it.  
if fado could make a vegan brunch special and a vegan bloody mary i'd move in there on weekends.I think if you come here during the not packed time, you're going to enjoy yourself.
I stopped in recently for happy hour on a Friday and I was pleasantly surprised.  When my friend suggested Fado, I sort of groaned thinking back to the one other time I had been here at 10:30 on a Saturday and it was "party mode".  Not the case this time.
We sat outside and drank our pints of Guinness.  The service was prompt and I was able to just sit back and enjoy the conversation.  We sampled their wings (not very spicy but nicely cooked) and their boxtie chips with hummus.  I enjoyed the boxtie with hummus more than the wings.
I've heard that Fado opens up special hours to show international soccer matches.  I think that's a cool feature and maybe one day I'll let someone drag me to one of them.
Also, special note, I stopped in here one other time for a beer and to kill some time before going to a byo.  Seeing that I had a bottle of white wine with me, the bartender offered to refrigerate it while I enjoyed my beer and beat the heat.  That was a very considerate move on his part.I hate to even put this on the internet because I'm ashamed of it, but here goes:  Fado is my guilty pleasure.  The first time my friend suggested we go to Fado at 11pm on a Friday, I died a little on the inside.  Lucky for her, we'd been at a beer festival for hours, so I begrudgingly wing-womened up and went to Fado.  
And wow.  I had NO idea they had a dance party.  And definitely had no idea I was going to have so much fun in it.  Yes, it's ridiculous packed and normally I would hate that - but somehow, every time I go (which is really not that often as it is a GUILTY pleasure) I somehow manage to have an amazing, sweaty time.  And there are always foreigners there.  Which is always a plus in my book.First of all, i'm sure this review would be more than 2 stars if it wasn't for horrible service.  The food was good, and to be honest, I would go back for the food, but the service was terrible.  It was a saturday, and not more than half the restaurant was full.  We had waitresses switched on us 3 times during the meal, and the only one that was friendly was the first girl who must have switched shifts.  Both of the other two rarely came back to the table, didn't get the orders correctly, and upon requesting 5 times to get a TV changed to a hockey game, they changed it for us when they brought the check.  Needless to say, we didn't leave much of a tip.  Could have just been a bad experience, but 2 out of 3 girls could have cared less about their customers.Nice place with a good selection of beers and also great food. 
I want to mention especially the bartenders which are always available for a nice chat. 
I live around Fado but even there is a huge selection of bars, I always come back. 
On weekends, around 10 it gets a kind of club style. A DJ plays great music and it is getting really crowded.Stopped by Fado yesterday around 1 pm for brunch, have 
to say I was really impressed with it being an Eagles home 
game, it was extremely busy. However the host was able to accommodate us, our plan for the day was to go somewhere else to watch the game, but the vibe we felt kept us there all day.
Our server was excellent and took great care of us the food was awesome and I would definitely go back. Always thought of Fado as a soccer bar but what they did for the game changed my mind completely.
Looking forward to watch soccer games there in the future.Me and my boyfriend LOVE Quizzo. I don't know how we really got started playing but our new favorite spot is Fado. They seem to actually care by having workers walk around looking for cheaters.  Out of Fergies, National Mechanics, and Mac's Tavern we have finally found a winner! They have tons of rounds and a nice atmosphere. The fish tacos are delicious (although I have never came across a bad fish taco). They play good music which sometimes includes throwbacks from my pop-punk years. We will continue to frequent this place on Wednesdays for their wonderful Quizzo.The food here is either really big or really small. Or at least that's what I gathered from my experience here the other night. I got there and we did a Guiness pour... I apparently don't know how to pour a Guiness. I failed.  Did I even spell it correctly? 
Anyway, I ordered a potato soup. That's it. It was teeny tiny. It wasn't bad. Just no substance to it. No bacon, no chunks of potato. Not bad, just not hearty, Irish Pubby soup. It looks like they got to it with a wand mixer. 
The other food may be better but I just wanted more. I will go back but for now... 2 stars for my $5 soup.My husband and I stumbled upon this place earlier tonight and I'm so glad we did! It's an intimate atmosphere with great food. I had the bacon cheeseburger cooked to a true medium rare and my husband had the mushroom soup and salad. Both were absolutely delicious! the staff were friendly. Alex, our server, was awesome. We will definitely be backwent here to try & watch Chelsea, that was a mistake...on St Patricks dayI really like Fado. The bartenders are cool and fast, they are real bartenders that know what they are doing. One time I was in Fado by myself and this drunk old weirdo kept coming up to me and the bartender told him to skedaddle...well the hobo came back and the bartender came around the bar and was firm but not a dick and made the guy leave me alone. Thanks for that:) 
As far as food I've only ever had the potato wedges with cheese but I've had them about 10 times they are that good! They serve food pretty late I'm not sure till when but a reasonable hour. 
I prefer to come here on weeknights or like a Sunday evening because it can get packed on weekends. 
Yes it is a chain but it doesn't have that chain feel to me. I've been to the Fado in Annapolis and I prefer this location. 
The decor isn't great but it's an Irish bar not the latest hip nightclub. 
I dress casually to come here but like I said I go on the off nights, the weekends is more of a meat market like someone else had remarked. 
Overall I really like this place and think it's a great spot to have a drink.Salmon bites are my FAV actually it's the only thing I order really. That and cider bear or Long Island which for a center city joint they make them really well. TV's everywhere...cool people...great spot to catch soccer game. Everyone is into it...good timesGet Fish and Chips! It's great. I went with my friend the day before St. Patrick's Day. It was a very nice dinner. Great service! Also, the Irish coffee is really good! Definitely gonna go more often!I continue to stand by my previous review, but would like to give a shout out to John, our waiter tonight. NYE is a busy night and we got here early, before their NYE bash. They didn't shoo us out, didn't tell us to to leave our large table even after the remainder of our party left. John was very friendly and helpful. 
P.S. Conveniently located by the PATCO station.I went here on a Friday night and it was SO DAMN CROWDED. Literally swimming in a sea of people. Yes, drinks were cheap (2 Whiskey sours for less than $15) but I'm not sure it's worth struggling not to spill it all because I'm invading 5 other people's personal space. There's definitely a wide range of age groups here, though I do feel a college vibe. I was told I'd hear some 90s throwback music that night but for the duration of my stay, that definitely was not true :( Thank god for coat check though because going out during the winter is such a struggle!! I could see how this place may be fun if I had a few more drinks but meh, I think I can find better bars out in the city!It's a nice place but there were not so many eating options, and I wanted other types of Strongbow and only apple cider was on the menu, so... so far was ok but was expecting more...I don't really like this place but can't seem to avoid it. It is a chain which is insulting but is popular with friends of mine from Ireland (figure that out). The bartenders aren't bad but they're Irish so they spend more time hitting on girls then pouring your pint of Guinness. Not too expensive. I've never been thrown out so that's a plus. It's a good place to watch soccer except for when they try to charge a cover for a game at 7:30 in the morning. Of course it is sometimes worth it to start pounding beers at 7:30 in the morning. Side note: McGlinchey's pub down the street still allows indoor smoking.Cool Irish pub located in center city. Definitely authentic. This place has it all. Love to come here and watch soccer. Great Staff. They definitely promote having a good time. If you come to Philly this place is a must visit. Great for watching games. Good for groups. Food and drinks are good with a pretty decent selection. Reasonable price. I have been multiple times and would definitely recommend.I feel like the food selection when I went in there left a lot more to be desired than when I just checked the menu online. Maybe they added a lot more stuff because now the selection looks pretty amazing! The main selling point for me on the night in question was the fact that they had SNICKERS BAR MARTINIS... and they were super cheap! I think they are discounted one night a week... something not noted on the menu. Regardless, I need to go here for dinner one night, pronto and then I will re-assess my stars!Generic philly irsh pub, with the typical beer selection. This place gets packed on the weekends. It can be really hard to get a drink in there. Its a wierd crowd, mostly mid-20's, with a high ratio of d-bags. 
Fado seems to be an active pickup joint considering I was grinded by a bachlorette party on the way to the bathroom, and my finance was groped by another woman in the ladies room! 
Not a good place for an after-dinner beer , but a good option for large groups looking to act like morons.Great place in a perfect location! Food was above awesome and service was excellent!
 Have a minute come in for a snack and a pint!Fado is great place to eat breakfast and drink Guinness while watching British Football on weekend mornings. The food is good and they have a friendly, hardworking staff. My only minor disappointment is that they no longer serve pretzels.This bar had a great ambiance and definitely easy to get in to.  However, the people there were pushy and rude and it's not easy to get around in on a busy night.  The drinks were okay, but definitely not worth all the annoyance.Yeah, it's a chain restaurant but they have some killer lunch and happy hour specials which makes this spot a common meet-up spot for my husband and myself when I meet him in Center City for lunch or after work. 
Their Guinness is some of the best poured in the city. The little nook and crannies and dark wood really do remind me of a real Irish pub. 
Get their fish and chips and you will not be disappointed!Regretfully, we chose to eat at your establishment last night before attending a show at the local theatre. We had a group of ten and we made reservations. The service was extremely poor. We were handed two menus for ten to share, no napkins or silver ware until requested. Our drinks sat empty for several minutes and our food didn't arrive for about an hour after ordering.  When our meals finally arrived, we had to rush to eat to make our show. We made reservations at 5:15pm for a 7:30pm show. This should have been ample time to have a nice comfortable meal. Its a shame that a center city establishment located in the theatre district directly down the street from the biggest theatre in Philadelphia couldn't accomodate a party of ten with prior made reservations. Extremely disappointed.In a city with its share of pseudo Irish pubs, Fado is completely authentic in its decor, furnishings, atmosphere and menu.  Initially our server was not connecting with us but he found his groove as the night went on.  The food was very tasty, well presented and an excellent value.  Don't miss the lamb and blue cheese sliders with au jus.  You could make the sliders a light entree with the addition of their excellent fries.  The spinach salad was another stand-out highlight.Love Fado and their great food and drink specials. The staff is great and customers are friendly. It is the place in Philly watch soccer and football games.Your experience at fado really depends on when you go and why you're there.  I would recommend for a weekday night (quizzo wednesdays!) to grab some grub or a beer, but unless you want to relive your college frat days avoid this place at all costs on the weekends!  There is no space, the music is deafeningly loud, and it's impossible to get a drink without elbowing your way to the bar and yelling at the bartender.  
The food is pretty decent pub fare and they have a decent drink selection.  The service is also pleasant and helpful.  
On a weekday night there's nothing particularly wrong with Fado, but it doesn't stand out in the philly pub scene.I've been here a few times before.  All my experiences have varied from good to bad.  This time happened to be a good one as we came with a large group of guys for a quasi-bachelor party on a Sunday night.  Some of the guys were quite rowdy, but the servers were extremely patient and on point throughout the evening.  They have a great selection of beer/liquor.  I'm not much into the Irish beers, but was delighted to see Troeggs on tap.  I had a couple of those during the evening.  I ordered the pork belly tacos.  They were pretty decent, but not the best pork belly tacos I have had.  Also tried some of the fries on the table (just okay) and some of the cheese puffs (actually pretty good).  Almost everyone at the table enjoyed what they had.
The place is a pretty neat space with a lot of real wood finishes.  It's an irish pub so expect soccer to be on the TV.  I've been here on a Fri/Sat night as well and it pretty much turns into a club (which I find really odd), so fair warning to those looking for a chill irish pub during those times.Where do I begin?  I am visiting the city with my brother and I wanted to go to a bar to enjoy watching a proper soccer match where I can enjoy an pint and good company. From start to finish this place sets the bar high. My server Scott was knowledgeable and attentive. Every game was on and the crowd was a pleasure to be around. I ordered an Irish coffee which was made table side and a Guinness which started my meal off right. I took a look at a fully loaded brunch menu which was filled with outstanding options. I went with the chicken and biscuit which was delicious. After the soccer match, my favorite college football team was playing and with a simple request it was not only put on tv but they even had the sound going throughout the bar which made me feel as if I was there. When I tell you this is the place to be and has top notch customer service that won't be beat!  I will be coming back to this bar weekly for the experience as well as the food and service.  Job well done Fado.Came here after being ignored at Misconduct across the street.  The experience was a very positive one - mostly because of our waitress, Katie.  She made sure everything was perfect and accommodated all our orders and needs.  Fado turns from a more relaxed/dining atmosphere to more of a club atmosphere around 11:30-midnight on a Friday night.  Their music selection is very broad, anything from hardcore EDM to Backstreet Boys... it really screws with peoples' moods, haha.
They don't have much food selection at night and the kitchen closes at 11 on a Friday, which seemed somewhat early, but we ordered 3 minutes before closing and Katie was able to meet our needs.  Overall a positive experience experience and would definitely be back.You can't go wrong with heading to Fado's for a night out in town.
This is by far my favorite pub in Center City because not only do you have the option to dance like its 1999. But you can also have the privilege to select a wide array of beers, and they have one of my favorite Irish specialities: Magners. 
Last time I was there, me and my friend met a few Irish guys, and the next thing I knew I was pulling out my Michael Jackson moves, while creating a thriller experience for bystanders. 
Needless to say, I always have a blast.Not real Irish food, mostly American Pub Grub but the fish and chip were ok. The drinks flowed.Fun place to go out to on a Friday or Saturday night. Food is pretty good though a little expensive for what you get. Overall, if you like soccer, Guinness, or a fun night out, Fado is a solid place to go.We had to wait a few minutes for a table, we were visiting on Saturday during March Madness in 2015, but the service was very good and out food was phenomenal. I ordered the steak boxty and it was delicious. I paired my entree with a a Crabbie's cocktail of ginger beer and Jameson whiskey. Would definitely re-visit next time I am in Philadelphia.I have been here 3 times in the last 2 years. All three experiences were different because they were all different meal times. Breakfast was large portions, and the atmosphere was quiet. The irish coffee was delicious. The second was for lunch and again was a quiet atmosphere. The food was very good. the third time I went was with a large group for my birthday. It was very loud, but we caused a lot of that. The space is big, and the food again delicious.
2 things to note: It is in the city so it is a bit more expensive than the suburbs.
The wait staff is quick to bring your food, but slow in checking on you when it is crowded. 
They can fit a lot of people in there, so for a good meal with a nice calm atmosphere I suggest going for breakfast. For a loud bar scene with good food, weekend nights, this is the place to be.Came here for Quizzo on Wednesday night. They have a happy hour all night on Wednesdays. Their food and drink menu were pretty great. Try the Strawberry/rhubarb infused Jameson and the pulled lamb french dip and I swear you won't be disappointed. I can't wait to come back. Shout-out to our server John for taking care of us all night.Went to a convention in Philly and stopped in here around 11pm. Good Irish food, lots of drinks, good atmosphere.Ehh, this place is only okay.  It was a stop on a hurricane bar crawl.  My group was the only one there, but they had no specials for us.  The music was pretty loud, and not danceable.  We ended up staying for a drink and then moving on.  A couple people ordered some apps, and I will say that the food seemed pretty good.Came here for he first time this past weekend and enjoyed everything. We had the cheese dip and wedges as the app which was soooo good. For entree I had some chicken bowl and my boyfriend had the reube. Mine was nothing special but I didn't expect it to be coming from an Irish pub. The Reuben on the other had was stuffed and thoroughly enjoyedParking: There is a garage nearby. For about  2 hours we paid $20 on a Sunday. There is street parking, but good luck locating an empty spot!
Ambience: We were seated quickly. There wasn't much crowd for brunch time- just a few people at the bar. The lighting inside the restaurant isn't the greatest, which made it difficult to see. 
Food: The corned beef sandwich was delicious! It came with a Chicken Tortilla soup in a small bowl that was mediocre at best. The price was very reasonable for the meal. My sister ordered a side plate of Bangers. According to her they were just as good as the ones she had in Ireland. 
Service: Our waitress was friendly and checked-in often. She made sure to keep filling the Bottomless Bloody Marys, which made everyone happy!
If you are in the mood for Irish food make sure to give Fado a try.Went for brunch and supper and don't have too much to say. The menu has good Irish food and the service was good except for a bartender which seemed unhappy with me (and anyone who knows me knows that I usually just accept incorrect orders and mistakes without saying a thing). The atmosphere is perfect though and they have a great beer selection.Happy hour, $5 appetizers.  Tried the chips with bacon and cheese, yum.  Also had the BBQ wings which were awesome.  For dinner had a bacon cheeseburger which was very tasty.  My friends had fish n chips and a beet sandwich, both were excellent.  Our waitress was very personable.  Overall a good pub experience.Food is decent. Bar is great. 
I would advise heading there for happy hour, they have some solid deals.My wife and I came here as we recently moved into the area and were looking for a good Rueben.  My wife tried that and I had fish and chips.  Both were pretty good but not special.  The prices are very reasonable and the selection of beers was great.  I would recommend going to Reading Terminal for a world class Rueben.  The place is very noisy and busy so don't go to relax.Good atmosphere, decent drink selection, and an overall good place to come out for a drink or two. Don't come expecting to have quiet or important conversations as it is far too loud for that...come for beer,and beer alone!Never had food here, but have been meaning to try it. 
My buddy lives around the corner, so I frequent this bar about once every couple of months. 
It is a rowdy time. People go here to drink heavily and party. It is very easy to get drinks and you usually can find a spot to chill that is not too packed. 
The price point is pretty good being in center city. 
One of my favorite bars to just hang out and have a couple of beers or jack and cokes.If I could give this place a zero I would. They have a "waitress" named Adeline "Addy" that works there that does not know the first thing about customer service. I have witnessed her ask the bouncer to throw out a man that simply put his empty bottle on her tray. When we questioned it, she had us thrown out too. Even the bouncers told us they did not agree with her. We would have stayed and enjoyed ourselves, spending our money, but she cut our night short, like her awful haircut. I will NEVER visit Fado again, as long as they employ servers like Addy. Good news travels fast, but bad news travels faster.For years, my friends and I went to Kildares Irish pub to do Quizzo on Tuesday nights. It remained the highlight of my week for a good 6 or 7 years. Sadly, we all eventually grew up, popped out kids and generally just lost the time and energy to keep attending. We all kept busy with our lives and had the memories of that wonderful time to recall during bad days.
This past week, I attended the Flyers Pub Quiz, to support Ed Snyders Youth Hockey presented By Flyers Faithful and hosted by Fado Irish Pub. Let me just take a minute to give a shout out to Yelps own Marcello D, for putting together an amazing and successful event. Turns out, amongst the many great decisions Marcello made, choosing Fado as the venue was one of the best. 
It definitely gave me warm flashbacks of my Irish Pub Quizzo days. Sipping Guiness while debating a trivia answer has a certain spot in my heart and Fado delivered in spades.  I only tried the wings and pickle chips, but was pleasantly envious of some of the other foods, that I saw nearby. A return trip is inevidible, as well a more fleshed out review of what Fado has to offer.
Until then, I will bask in the glow from my great time at Fado, with great company and good food, and even though my team stumbled over a few rounds, I was doing what I love and for a good cause at that.I used to work near here and every chance I got I made sure I'd check out their specials. The attitude and atmosphere kept me coming back for more. I love Fado and can never get there enough.Don't give me crap but I only come here on Fridays with the occasional Saturday. I show up at 10:15pm, wait for them to clear the "main floor" of tables and then dance till 1:59am. The music promptly shuts off, the lights shine on, exposing everybody shamefully. 
Music: a mix of today's pop songs, 80s favorites (lots of Madonna "Like a Virgin"), and then weird funny songs like "I'm on a boat" by Andy Samberg where you awkwardly/sing dance to. 
** PLEASE NOTE** the music here NEVER changes it's recipe. It's more reliable than ordering a glass of tap water -- that liquid tastes different in EVERY city. Especially here in Philly. 
Race: 9/10 people in this bar are white. Just because Usher's OMG song is blasting, doesn't magically all of a sudden make this bar not an Irish Pub. I've been here a 101 times and I think a hundred times I've cracked the whole "I'm the only ethnic person in here" joke. So if racial non-diversity/sameness rocks your world, then ... word. And if not, well-- you can always go to Pulse afterwards to mix it up.
Other warning: this place gets RIDICULOUSLY CROWDED. So if you get there and there's a line to get in, scoff pretentiously and leave. Because what's the good of going there with fun music playing and then it being so crowded you can't get your hip swivel on??
If you're trying to read this review for the food: sorry. This review is purely about the "dancing" aspect of Fado's. hehe.Fado is a good Happy Hour back up plan, when your first stop turned out to suck.
Wednesdays are fun, since they have Quizzo starting at 8pm.  There is decent bar food  and a nice selection of beer.  On a weeknight, you're likely to see suits and residents in scrubs.  
A fun place to take an alcoholiday.Truly wonderful place with a great staff and traditional Irish fare. 
Lots of books and crannys around the pub to make a unique experience based on different seating choices. Look around before you sit!Pretty decent standard Irish bar. Good beer list, decent pub food. Went here twice over the NYE celebrations due to its proximity to our hotel. I think there were better and more authentic Irish bars in the area (for the love of god they have no brown bread), but if you're looking for a standard place that is good for big groups, check this place out.The only time I visit this establishment is to dance on Saturday nights! The DJ plays a great mix from current hits to 90s favorites (including boys bands)! Fado does a great job of controlling the crowd; there is always room for my group and me to dance. Prices are reasonable. The bartenders have always been friendly and didn't seem bothered when I once asked to charge my phone (with my own charger).Ordered the Fado burger medium. Took forever to come out and it was well done, almost burned.Having been to Ireland, this is about as close to the real deal as you'll get in the States. You either are an Irish Pub or you just put that on the sign.  Fado definitely fits the former.  Drink selection, decor, and ambiance all fit the bill.I used to love Fado, frequented it and brought friends there often. However, I will never return. On Halloween 2014 I was pick pocketed and my iPhone was stolen. I crawled all over the dance for looking for my phone with no help from the bouncers or management. I came to find out that there was a vast number of us young girls that had been pick pocketed and our phones stolen. When we brought this to the attention of the management they told us to call the police and that they would not even consider having the DJ make an announcement. My boyfriend and I are loyal customers, if we feel at home at a bar we make it a priority. Fado had been one of our favorite bars. I have brought friends from  out of town to this establishment and preached to them how great it was. However, tonight myself and multiple other girls were disrespected by the management. If you value what you contain in your purse or pocket, do not venture into Fado. The management does not care about its customers or their safety. It is a rachet mess, best of luck to them.Some friends and I stopped by Fadó for lunch on a Sunday. It was empty so we had our pick of tables (there were nine of us) and the restaurant, after a bit of confusion, finally seated all of us comfortably. 
My friend and I ordered the lunch portion of fish and chips ($10) to share after giving serious thought to the Shepherd's Pie. The fish came out great - not very greasy with just enough flaky crust. My friend pointed out that the batter-to-fish ratio was excellent, and it was! The chips were also cooked well. (I'm glad I had a good fish and chips experience after my crappy meal at The Bard's a few weeks ago, blegh.) 
Another friend ordered the chicken quesadilla, which I got to taste, and for an Irish pub, Fadó did not disappoint. Everyone else's meals looked delicious (a few Shepherd's Pies, some soup & sandwich special combos) so I'll be back! 
Bonus: Fadó participates in Center City SIPS and offers Quizzo on Wednesday nights at 8 p.m.!I like Fado for the cozy nooks and crannies typical of a decent Irish pub.  You can catch whatever game is on, and there are several TV's so that if you want to watch something OTHER than the Eagles game, they can usually accommodate you.
I don't like Fado's menu, as it's not very gluten free-friendly.  Most pubs have a menu where I can get around the GF thing and figure out something appealing that's not a salad, but the last time I was at Fado I really had very few choices.  I had a good salad while I was there, but I was disappointed that I had almost no other choice.  The chicken on my salad was freshly prepared - hot on my salad, which I really enjoyed.With an hour before curtain at the Academy of Music, three of us dropped into this nice bar a block from the theater. It was 20 minutes before brunch ended, so we took advantage of $4 mimosas & each had one. Delicious! 
Our server, Joe, understood immediately when we said we needed to get speedy service. He was excellent! One person had fish & chips and loved it. Another had mini smoked salmon blinis & enjoyed them. I had 2 perfect fish tacos. It was a very good fast meal.
I hope to return one day to try other offerings. I'm so glad we dropped in!Wonderful atmosphere for soccer games with great food. The Irish themed breakfast options also taste very authentic. Recommend the "hangover" sandwich.The food here is very delicious. The prices are good and the portions are filling. The bar tenders are all very friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is pretty laid back and it's a good place to hang out. 
There's quizzo on wednesday nights, that's always fun. 
If you do go I highly recommend the Guinness BBQ wings. They are amazing. 
Also their homemade infused whiskey shots are delicious. The apple cinnamon is my favorite.This place has a completely different vibe depending on the day/time that you visit. 
I've been here for happy-hour time on weeknights and have really enjoyed the laid-back ambiance, snappy fireplace and delicious bites. It can feel like you've stepped into Temple Bar in Dublin!
However, I have also been here a couple times late on a Saturday night, and the scene is the exact opposite. It is overcrowded and sweaty, and you'll find people grinding to early 90s rock that I thought died. Meh.
Choose your scene...It's not so bad really, when it's a quiet night and you're in center city and want to get a drink and watch the game, it's easy to get to and really alright.
It's fine, I could go into the soliloquy that Louis CK said about "the rug" but I'm not sure it would pass the filters.
The draft list is poor for philly, the crowd can get a little um... how to say... it can turn in to people you really would never want to talk to, interact with, catch out of the corner of your eye sort of group.
The setup of the bar is a little confusing and has odd crooks and crannies that make sight lines poor, which is kinda disorienting, but all in all... I mean yeah...Fado never disappoints, unless your expectations are unreasonable. I had the appetizer sampler (chicken tenders, boxty quesadilla and cheese dip). Chicken tenders were delicious; breaded  in the style of fish and chips, and cooked perfectly.Disclaimer: I have never been here, other than for soccer screenings.
If Soccer is a religion then  Fado's is my temple to practice my religion. I have lost count on the number of Saturday and Sunday mornings that I have spent at this place, maybe being cheered for or being cussed at.  I even remember the first time I called them to confirm if they are open for the early 7AM games and I got ridiculed at for doubting their resolve. 
Other than the English premier league games, and the union games, they also sport Rugby screenings, the Scottish league games on the different nooks and cranny of the bar. And due to it's layout, most supporters get divided to maintain harmony during the games. They have one jumbo projector in the main bar area for the marquee games of the day, that's where all the action is. The folks that hang around are a mix of locals and expats all gathered to support their favorite teams, most of them regulars, so u kind of get to share stories or maybe even learn some chants to get u riled up.
Fado's popularity has grown leaps and bounds now that it is the official Philadelphia Union club, with even Fan buses to and fro to the new swanky stadium. The service here is impressive considering the fact that it can get really wild during the games. Molly, Shane,Marie, Jamie and the rest of the gang ensure that even though u might choke from the excitement or horror of the games, u can rest assured that there is a pint of your favorite beverage beside u. Even during the World cup with hardly place to move a limb my drinks always found a way to me, it is miraculous. Talking bout the world cup, tip of the hat for the Bloc party that simply rocked.
I have never ordered the food per say but I am in love with the fries and the curried ketchup to go along with it. They also have a couple of ciders, strongbow on draft and bottled magners, if u are not feeling the mood for a crisp Guinness at 7 in the morning. I hear they have DJ nights on the weekends and it does get pretty wild. 
All in all there is no other place I would rather be on the early hours of the weekend, sipping on my favorite libation and sharing the joy of football.I've been here a few times with friends after work and it's consistently been good to me.
Fado (when I've been there) provides a nice place to converse with your friends. It's not too loud. The beer selection is solid and the food always looks/smells fantastic, I've yet to order anything.
Although the beer selection is good, it's quite limited. I am, however, impressed that they have beer-specific glassware for just about every beer they carry.
Another sad point is that they don't have any drink specials. I've been there a few times and they have happy hour food specials but did not tell us about any drink specials, so I am led to believe that there are none, so drinks can get fairly pricey.
The atmosphere is nice and the servers that I've had have been attentive and quick. I'll definitely return here. I was not blown away by the beer selection or price, but the atmosphere and the ability to go to a pub, have a few good beers and talk without having to worry about loud music or loud people are what will bring me back.way too expensive but offers a nice dark atmosphere for drinking.Food
I've been here for pretty much every meal... because it's really close to my apartment.
A bit overpriced for regular food, but it's decent.
The happy hour portions are kinda small and the drink specials are not that cheap
The smoked salmon boxty thingies are really good.
Outdoor seating is good for people watching.
Their brunch is surprisingly good, and great for when you're hungover (because it's pretty dark and the food is heavy).  
Hangover Sandwich is great.
Bar
This place actually turns into a crazy grindfest on Friday and Saturday nights. which is awesome. They will play every song you ever memorized all the words to, and every song that comes on you're like YES I LOVE THIS SONG. and by that I mean, a lot of 90s music.
Every single guy at this bar WILL be wearing a collared shirt. just fyi.The food hear is very good. I love going to this place. The decor is old school with book shelf's packed with leather bond books, wood paneling and stained glass windows . their are many options for seating.  I lover their CHICKEN TENDERS. Their SHEPHERD'S PIE is yummy. This place is not to price.  If you are going to a show at the a=Academy of Music or the Kimmel Center this is a close place to go. The staff is very nice.  Open until 2 except for Sunday when they close at 12pm.I really love this place.  I have not come here often, especially since I don't live here any longer, but when i did, i came and tried their Irish coffee.  It's a wonderful drink to have especially on a cold winter night.  Environment is also not bad.Boy aye boy do I love this spot.. First off it makes me forget I'm in Philly, and if a place has that effect on me, I'm happy as a clam. Service has never disappointed, I've enjoyed the many soccer games there accompanied by excellent brews and surprisingly fancy dishes. Really want to try the rhubarb pie if it's still there as it's something I can't seem to find anywhere!I have been very pissed off at this place for a long time. The second star is for the sake of the bartenders. I'm a 21 year old bartender, and i look young, but I don't appreciate being treated like an ignorant child, by a hipster waitress who hates her job. 
I took my younger sister and her friend, and my boyfriend. There is a sign that says seat yourself, so I went to seat myself and the server stood in my way and told me that if I was sitting at the bar, I had to close out my tab, and when I told her we just got here and needed a table she continued to stand there and stare at me. I could tell she wanted me in someone else's section.
We sit down, and she tells us the specials on beer, in the most monotone voice I have ever heard. She then says, "I don't know if you guys are 21 or whatever." What? okay. we all get cokes and my boyfriend gets a beer. 10 minutes after we get our drinks she comes back to take our order. I really wanted the potato wedges and cheese (which are awesome), so i ask for those as an appetizer. The food runner drops our food, and we eat them all. And wait. And wait. It was absurd. She finally decides to grace us with her presence and says, "Uhh, soo do you guys WANT to order entrees? or do you just wanna sit here." I was literally staring at her with my mouth hanging open.
So onto the entrees. Shepards pie was terrible. I can't even pinpoint why. The gravy tasted like packaged salisbury steak and the potatoes tasted like nothing. The girls' chicken cheesesteak had no complaints, and my boyfriends chicken sandwich was most likely frozen and microwaved.  Good place for drinking, and appetizers. But I never want to see that server again in my life.Wow, what a way to end the night.
My fiancé and I headed to Fado for drinks and some dinner on a whim; our first two choices were packed, and we hadn't been to Fado in forever. I'm not sure we'll be going back in... oh, forever.
Dinner and drinks were great - we had seats at the bar, and the bartenders were great, especially when the hoards of people were trying to encroach on our dining space. The evening took a VERY sour turn when we had hit the 3.5 hour mark of eating and drinking, and the bouncers came over and insisted that my fiancé, me, and the girl next to us give up our chairs because it was "too crowded". I asked the giant who approached me to give us five minutes so my fiancé could finish his beer as we had already cashed out, and he started pulling my chair out from under me. My fiancé stood up to defend me, and they took his chair too. The adorable young lady in the crowd next to us had her chair confiscated as well. Just the three of us. No one else. While we had consumed several beverages during our 3.5 hour visit, the man and I were nowhere near intoxicated, belligerent, or disrespectful - until JUST the three of us at the HUGE bar were ordered out of our seats "to make more room." In a room that size, what good are THREE SEATS going to do???? You couldn't have made more room when there was a guy ordering a beer who spread his arms in front of me so wide that I had to reach over him to get my beer? You couldn't make more room when I had a gaggle of silly little girls spilling beer on me early on? No, you had to make room as I was getting ready to leave.
As we were walking out, these huge "men" were resting against the walls, asking for IDs... not clearing out the rest of the chairs from the bar area, as they had said they were going to do. When I said something about them standing around and not clearing the rest of the bar area to make room, they laughed at me.
Thank you to the bounces for ruining an otherwise fabulous night. We'll be sure to go back and leave FAR before that ridiculousness ruins another date night for us.
Four stars for the food, five for the bartenders, ZERO for the bouncers who need to get lives and realize that professionals who spend well over $100 in a sitting deserve a little respect and the right to sit on their well-earned bar stools.If ever you're a drunken mess stumbling and struggling to a bar for that final shot of Goldschlagger and Rumplemintz, and you're looking for a bartender who won't judge you for a combination that will undoubtedly put you into the abyss of forgetful inebriation, Fado is the perfect pub for your last rite...before goodnite.Stopped in here for drinks and some grub on Wednesday. I was not very excited by my Amstel Light, but the late night bar menu was surprisingly really good. I split the sliders, french fries, and chicken fingers with a friend and they really hit the spot, especially the sliders. I think they had a gruyere cheese on them with onions and they were fantastic! The order only came with two sliders, which was perfect to share with one other person. The fries weren't very exciting but they came with some dips that helped. Chicken fingers were very tasty. I would definitely come back for some bar snacks.simply put, grab a table outside, enjoy a $5.45 pint of guiness, and enjoy the people-watching.I'm rating this restaurant a 1 star not based upon my service but what I saw from another server taking advantage of a very drunk patron at the bar. I was sitting at the bar enjoying my time with friends when I noticed a very drunk girl at the bar slurring her words and being very confused. In about 10 minutes, a server approached her and acted flirtatious and then asked for her number, even taking her phone and punching in his own number. This was very unprofessional and I knew he was still working because he went to a table and took their order. The bartenders even noticed and shook their head at him. This makes me very disappointed in the craft of your staff. People get drunk at a bar, but they should never be taken advantage of by a server.Pretty solid spot to go for a drink or a bite to eat.  Weekends the place is super crowded with a lot of young people.  It's a decent time, but I prefer more room to breathe.  I really like the food and atmosphere here though.  Accomplishes the Irish pub feel for sure.  Lots of soccer fans or football or whatever you want to call it.  Again, not my thing, but kind of cool there's a spot for those who do like it.  
If you're going to eat I can give you some suggestions.   The cheese dip and wedges are incredible.  I'm nearly certain the wedges are potato but they just look like pita triangles basically.  They're amazing with the cheese dip.  Also, the quesadilla is made with these same wedges and that really makes it special.  I enjoyed the pulled lamb french dip as well.  Great lamb flavor.  Not too much going on, just a simple sandwich.  The best thing to get is on the dessert menu.  If you are craving something sweet then the black and tan brownie with Guinness ice cream is your dessert!  I know it sounds odd, but the flavors are no where near overwhelming and if they were, I would not order it.  Love the mixture of warm and cold.  Definitely in my top five of all desserts in Philly.  Its amazing.  Looking forward to visiting again.  Cool little pub.Good selection of beers but nothing special.  The place is very generic.  Good food.  Very clean establishment.  I've heard this is the best place to go for World Cup games, but that only happens every 4 years (I think).Food is pretty good as are the drinks. The place is very large and gets super crowded. The patrons seem mostly in early to mid twenties. Bartenders are professional and efficient but get overwhelmed by the crowds particularly during weekends.I love Fado.  It gets a little packed on the weekend, but it is still a great place to grab drinks.  The music is always good, and it is a young, professional, attractive Philly crowd that frequents Fado.Great happy hour deals! My friends and I ordered all of the happy hour appetizers for a light meal. The cheesy potato wedges with bacon and scallions were great, as was the pita and hummus. The fish tacos were good overall, but the use of plain hot sauce on top was a bit odd. We all loved the hot pretzel with both cheese and mustard on the side.This place is decent, in the classical American 'faux Irish' kind of way. The food is great and the selection of beer is good. I went here a few times to watch the football and really enjoyed it. It's nice, if a tiny bit 'trying too hard' if you know what I mean? I expect I'll go again, many times.One person described Fado as "fratty" and i would agree at night after 9 it turns into a meat market but for lunch dinner or happy hour its pretty reserved and the staff is one of the best in the city. Always friendly and they remember you. The food is good and the beer prices are not bad during happy hour.Great Laid-back place to catch up with friends over some great beer.
I ordered the burger the first time I came here and have not ordered anything else because it is just that good. The fries are delicious too.
Service is average and they really cater more toward guys taste. They do have a few fun drinks in the summertime though.
Great Quizzo but it's pretty packed and often pretty challenging.Unless your a big time soccer fan this place, it's tough to consider this place much of a sports bar. Irish Pub? English Pub? The place kind of has a vibe of both. The prices are reasonable here but the food isn't really good.
I do give them credit for all the beers though. Definitely a great destination if you are looking to grab a pint!I have spent a total of 78 hours of my life in Philadelphia, 72 of which were spent in the airport or mucking through 3 feet of snow for food.  The other 6, however, showed me a damn good time on a Friday night, partly due to this bar. I commend my Philly hostess for selecting such a spot-on place for good music and socializing.  The atmosphere definitely gave me a familiar vibe, seeing that I'm from Boston and might as well have been born in an Irish pub.  So Fado might not exactly be unique, but for a guaranteed good time and group pleasing evening out, it is a great option.  
The only (slight) downer was the dirty martini, or what I thought was a glass of olive juice masquerading as a cocktail.  But for an Irish Pub, I'm assuming there's more emphasis on promoting a large beer selection, and the other mixed drinks I had were fine.  Luckily, I wasn't paying!
EDIT: Went back this weekend with literally 40 people and took over the back section. We had a great waitress who was on the ball and took pictures with us.  The music was kind of generic but it was still fun. So what if it's a chain?I come here from time to time to watch the football, United in particular and their food and drink is always good. They are one of the only pubs in the region that has strongbow on tap. This place is a must go!Omg! The Brussels Sprouts are to die for.. I had a glass of Vouvray which is a white wine it's very clean and refreshing... You have to come out and try their food and drinks.. The atmosphere is very relaxed.This place is really nice. I was a Wednesday "pub quiz" regular for a long time. My friend Rory hosts their quizzo and does an amazing job at it. He even won best of philly in a recent year. He does about 8 rounds, including a music round, category round and picture round. It starts at 9 pm so be prepared to be there for a couple hours and I'd suggest getting there at 8:15-8:230 to guarantee you get a table. They have cheap pitcher specials during quizzo, it used to be sam adams, not sure if it still is. They also have really good food. Everything I have eaten there has been delicious. You also get really good prizes for coming in first-third place in quizzo ($$ off your bill from the night!) 
4 friends and I went to their halloween quizzo a couple years ago and won best costume dressed up as the breakfast club. We won $500. I will upload the group picture to my yelp pictures so you can all see, if you'd like. 
The bar overall, is very, very nice. It is large, with tons of seating, a large bar, and lots of tvs to watch sports on.  I think it is a beautiful bar with dark wood throughout. 
I've only been on the weekends a couple times but it has always been really crowded so we've never stayed long. If you get there early enough to get a table, you'd be set for the night though.Very friendly and helpful staff as well as patrons. The wings are awesome and seating plentiful (unless highly anticipated games are on!) Stopped in several times to watch the Copa America as well as Euro Championship games. There is seating outside, decent on tap menu and your standard pub food fish and chips, wings, etc.They are really nice when you actually get to talk to them. Service at the bar is always SLOW. Always.Aside from an obnoxious (entitled) crowd, the establishment was great. Fun atmosphere, great bartenders (Marty rocks)--quick with a joke, pouring good drinks, and putting up with a**hole customers who can't keep track of their own damn purses.Fado Irish Pub is where I watch all my soccer games.  I've been by at night but it definitely isn't the younger crowd that's there during the day to watch English soccer.  The menu is limited on vegetarian friendly selections but the food available that i've had is great.  Honestly though I usually end up eating a lot of appetizers like french fries and wedge dips (which i highly recommend) while watching a game.  I do understand it's a pub though and food takes a back seat to the wide selection of brews that they offer.  The servers are very friendly and often you can engage in a talk with them about the current soccer game being shown.  Fados is a large place which I definitely appreciate because as a non-smoker I don't leave the place smelling like an ashtray.  This is a top reason I prefer going here to watch soccer over a place that's generally more packed across town.  Go Arsenal!  :DI must say I was pretty wowed by this place!  Was in Philly for a conference the other day, and Fado is where we decided to go for lunch.  We were so glad that we did.  It was a rainy Wednesday right around noon and it was pretty empty, so we received a lot of attention.  Our waitress was super sweet and very patient with us as we perused the menu for a while.
Anyway, the house salad  (mixed greens, cucumber, red onion, marinated tomatoes, dried cranberries, pickled beets & carrots, toasted almond & asiago cheese with red wine vinaigrette) was seriously one of the best I've ever had and the corned beef boxty rollups with horseradish sauce topped with a really nice slaw were the bomb (they were on the specials list but should be on the menu in my opinion!)!!!  
My two coworkers both had bacon cheeseburgers which were huge and looked delicious... They really enjoyed them.
I don't get to Philly as often as I'd like but I will most definitely keep this place on the list.  I saw so many things I want to try, so I just might have to make a point of going back soon!Can't really comment on the food as all I had was fries but I did like that they gave you a plethora of options for dipping sauces not just ketchup and ranch. Great place to grab drinks but a bit on the expensive side. I paid $10 each for whiskey sours.Being only a few months out of college, I can handle college-type bars, and this place is basically just a frat scene. Meh. On Saturdays it's crowded, there's really no where to really stand. They play decent music but beers are pretty expensive. You have to really be in the mood to enjoy this place, and if you're in that type of mood, there are probably better/more fun places to go. There's nothing really wrong with the place, but there's nothing great about it either.I must admit that I go to Fado for all the wrong reasons. The primary appeal of this place seems to be to watch sports games, particularly European sports. It's one of the few Irish pubs that I've ever visited that seems to usually be filled with actual Irish and European people.
But I generally go at lunch time, and for the actual food, which is a cut above general pub fare. Though it is pricey, it's worth it. This afternoon I visited with my husband and an out of town friend for lunch. The three of us were served by Andrew, a kind of hippy/nerd hybrid who had a great sense of humor and provided above average service.
Our total bill for the three of us came to a little over $60 with tip. That included a burger, a cheesesteak, a salad, 3 drinks, some quesadillas and a bowl of soup. Everything was excellent and they always find a way to prepare "normal" food with a twist. (For example, their quesadillas are prepared with potato pancakes instead of tortillas.)
If you're up for some quick, delicious food in the daytime, I would definitely recommend Fado. I can't speak for the nighttime fare, however, and that seems to be what people go for the most.Denny, "LET'S GO HAVE SOME BEER!"
Elisa, "OK"
We head out to FADO!
Talk about ambiance!  I feel like I should be smoking a cigar in my smoking jacket.  The thing that disappointed me a bit was that this pub is part of a chain of FADO's.  It lost a point there.
The staff, though busy does try to help you out the best they can.
But be prepared.  It can get really crowded in here!  There was a family seated behind me and the kids kept banging into me.  The seating where we were seated was a bit tight.  Other than that.  Awesome place to just hang and have a beer amongst friends!Great bar/restaurant. Service is on point and the wait staff are super friendly, accommodating and personable.I've been here mutiple times, either it's great or horrible service. foods ok.The later you go at night, the more noisier and cramped this place gets on some days. We've been here a few times with hardly any standing room. So you think you can dance? (Pun intended) Cause there's hardly any room to move on the "dance floor"Great place to watch the world cup. They have plenty of TV's and have a projector front and center for all the big games. It has an authentic Irish feel with friendly staff and servers. My only complaint is that the portion sizes are pretty small and I left hungry after ordering the bacon cheeseburger. Overall, solid pub and a great place to watch sports. I would recommend to a friend.We have been going to Fado ever since they opened way back. I am a lover of good shephard's pie. When this placed opened, their pie was about the best in the city. Good Oxo gravy, and vegetables incorporated into the minced beef. The potatoes they used were always fluffy and had only a hint of crisp over the top. Excellent!
We went last night before a concert. The place had changed since we were there last. Of course I ordered the shehard's pie and was very surpirsed to have a dish put in front of me which was sub par. To start, the portion size seemed to have shrunk. Then I tried to put a fork into the potatoes. I could hardly break the surface. The potato top was as hard as a rock. Devoid of any moisture at all. Secondly, the steam I usually see escape from the hot filling was not there. Was this a previously frozen product? It seemed so to me. The minced beef was also very dry and over cooked or processed. Gravy? Not much and certainly not anything like it used to be. I think when we need a fix of our heritage comfort foods we will have to go elsewhere now when we are in center city.I struggled between a 2 and 3.  Nothing was really wrong, I just didn't like this place and won't go back unless there are no other choices.
We ordered a cheese dip with boxty pieces.  Boxty is potato bread.  Delicious and filling.  The cheese dip was only ok.  Nothing special, probably frozen.
I had a salad and my boyfriend ordered a cheesesteak.  He received a chicken cheese steak and it was burnt.  So burnt, in fact, that he couldn't tell it wasn't beef.  Also, it was not only tasting of burning but it was old burning, like old grease.  He didn't finish it and my boyfriend, though not a fatty, eats like a champ.
Like I said, less than impressed.My favorite place to go!!!  The crowd is chill and the music is good.  I always have a great time when I go to Fado.  Anytime my friends want to go out, I alwasy suggest going here...you can never go wrong.  The people who go here are always fun - not the snobby, obnoxious types.  Great drinks, good music, always a fun time!!
Downside, parking can be a pain...This place has THE best Bloody Marys, bar none. The Guinness Barbecue wings are really good, too.Classic Irish pub feel. Great place to grab some drinks & beers as they have a decent happy hour. Try the Happy hour tacos while you're at it.My first time there tonight and the urge was based off of a picture of a beef pot pie my friend posted on Instagram and of course my pregnant a$$ had to try it out! 
IT WAS PHENOMENAL! Not to mention the service was great. My waiter was this guy, he was bald, and was a complete sweetheart! He was very attentive and he was obviously very appreciative when I said that I'll be back for sure! I think his name was John! 
The beef pot pie was DELICIOUS. The salad it comes with is pretty darn scrumptious too! The pastry on top of the pot pie was ... I want more lol!
Four stars because that's all I ordered. I didn't know it turns into a night club after ten on Fridays and Saturdays and of course my happy a$$ got there at 9:50 and I almost cried but wonderful John made it work!! :) for sure a happy gal! Any who.. I'll give it a five star when I come back and eat everything lolNo complaints. What you'd expect. Nothing less.
Been here a bunch of times with friends that wanted good old 80s music to dance to and were sorely disappointed again and again by the grind up on me type that encourages 4x the number of people to squeeze onto the tiny dance floor.My group of four stopped by Fado on Friday, July 3rd to enjoy drinks and appetizers in their outdoor seating.  Not too long after we received our drinks a homeless man started accosting people on 15th Street.  First he started with two men that were able to distance themselves by getting into a cab, then he came over and started with guests seated outside at Fado. He harassed several tables while the waitstaff just stood inside the door. When he started with our table, we asked him to move along, after over a minute of him delivering both compliments and insults, we were finally able to get him to discontinue harassing everyone and leave the area. Moments later a woman identifying herself as the Manager finally comes out from the doorway and what does she do, not apologize but speaks aggressively to parties at our table stating that they shouldn't have spoken to him, she had called the police and was dealing with it and that if he came back we were not to say anything to him under any circumstances or else. Wrong way to handle the situation! Where was she during the 5 minutes he was harassing guests at outdoor seating, why didn't she ask HIM not to speak to her guests and to move along, we were the ones to get him to finally move along, not her and her poor management skills and attitude. She claims that she didn't know he was bothering other patrons and I told her that's because you weren't outside during his 5 minute rant and just exasperated the situation when finally showing up only to be rude to your own guests.  I even informed her that I could show her video of the last minutes where he moved from harassing guests at another table to our table. All of us have lived in Center City for quite a few years and have never encountered an establishment where the Manager blames the guests for being harassed. We were extremely disappointed with how the staff, especially the Manager, handled the situation.Came in on a Saturday to watch footie. The bartenders were soooo not friendly...never smiled and so not friendly. Then we ordered 2 shots of patron...and got banged out for $21. I'm not on the upper east side of NYC....wtf? No thank you on our way out...we both felt like we annoyed them having to order drinks. Not a good experience...& I'm saying this as a bartender who worked in NYC for over 6yrs...and in the industry for 12.Charming pub with friendly staff. I got the pork belly tacos for a reasonable price (2 tacos for ~$7). The pork was very good and the slaw on the side was delicious. My friends got the Rueben and the Boxy and they both enjoyed it. Wish the AC wasn't on so high, very chilly!We went to Fado prior to a show at the local theater. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised that the pub was not very busy- even though it was the end of the business day.  We were seated promptly and that's when the problems started.  Please note the food, although small portions was quite good.  It came out hot and was presented well.  But the service was terribly slow.  Took 15 minutes for drink order, followed by a walk away so we couldn't order- even though we were ready. Had to get another server to get our server.  Then 40 minutes for our burgers and fries.  No follow up concerning the food or if additional drinks were wanted.  Again we had to grab someone else to get our server.  There were plenty of people staffed, and the place was not at all busy.  There was a number of staffers simply standing around chatting, and endlessly organizing menus.  I'm not sure if it's competing with melting pot as being the slowest dining experience but it's doing a good job at it.  I would recommend this place as long as you have a scrabble board or deck of cards to fill the large amount of time you will spend waiting.I love Fado.  It has decent and appropriately priced food, and the Guinness and Smithwicks are top notch.  The best bang for your buck is Happy Hour, where they have cheaper drafts and food.  It's a great place to go.I'm pretty sure this place is connected to a restaurant group in Boston. ...one that I happen to like most of the restaurants that belong to it. The staff is helpful and friendly. The food is pretty standard Irish-American fare. My burger was delicious. The fries just eh...perhaps simply not my style.
We went on a Sunday night, so it wasn't too crowded. I would like to apologize to anyone in there that night, some members of our group were a little on the loud and obnoxious side.
It took a little while for the food to come out and staff was a little scarce...but some members of our group discussed whether we thought that was standard for the night or if they were avoiding us; I'm leaning towards the latter.
Why three stars? Good food and atmosphere, but pretty standard and nothing out of the ordinary or particularly special.I have never been to a Fado location before, but this weekend on a getaway to Philly I found myself gathering a group of friends here for a drunken brunch....and holy...moly...
Their Bloody Mary's were strong, their food was off the chain, and the ambience was dark and cozy. We sat around a large wooden table and sipped on oversized cups of joe while downing deliciously Irish breakfast fare - bangers and rashers and boxties galore! 
There were a lot of patrons watching the Arsenal game, which made our morning even more eventful. We went on and had a successful day of day drinking and shopping - thanks, Fado!PROS: Cheap drinks ... usually have pretty good music ... it's in the middle of CC.
CONS: It's always packed especially 11PM on ... sweaty ... immovable mess at times.Feel right at home for soccer matches. There is nowhere else we ever go for games besides an actual stadium :)
Solid beer and bar food selection with plenty of TVs.
I used to come here for Quizzo and that was always a good time as well.
It gets a little crowded and seating can be an issue, but that's nothing unusual for a bar.I did Fado years ago for dinner but most recently I visited for a weekend brunch. If you're a football fan (soccer to most Americans) check this place out on a Saturday or Sunday morning. They have a ton of games on and some good brunch food and deals. 
It was a great experience in a very friendly atmosphere.I like the fish and chips at Fado. I think compared to some of the other irish pubs I have tried in center city I get the most bang for my buck here. Other places I have paid the same amount if not more and the portion size is much smaller. For example, when I got fish and chips at Moriarty's I left feeling not full and a little jipped. Whenever I'm craving fish and chips this always hits the spot.I usually visit Fado on Friday or Saturday night for drinks.  Some friends brought me to Fado on Sunday morning raving about the brunch.  I was skeptical to say the least.  However, Fado took me by surprise.  Great food and excellent drink specials without the typical rowdy bar crowd. 
Drinks: $15 bottomless Mimosas and Bloody Marys.  Great deal.  The server brings out a refill as soon as you take your last sip.  Otherwise, standard coffee.  
Food: Pretty solid brunch selection.  I had the Breakfast Boxty.  Delicious twist on an Irish classic. I requested the cheese sauce to come on the side, although I probably should've stuck with the normal preparation.  Some friends had the egg white omelet, hangover sandwich, all-day irish breakfast, and the lamb hash.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.  Best deals are probably the all-day breakfast and the hangover sandwich. 
Service: Excellent service, but we were the only people in the place.  
Decor: Standard Irish pub. Pretty dark for a Sunday morning but exactly what you expect from this bar. 
Overall, Fado has a solid brunch menu that is reasonably priced.  It could be a new favorite for me in Philly.Saturday lunch before a show.  Soccer crowd, really good pub food.  I had Reuben and husband had shepherds pie.  Strawberry rhubarb deep dish pie for dessert .  We were delighted with the food and fun atmosphere.My last visit to Fado on 5/14/12 was extremely unpleasant. 
Jody, the bartender, was great, but the manager was a complete asshole. When my group asked him to put the Rangers/ Devils Eastern Conference Final hockey game on a bar TV, I was told that the bar has a strict policy towards only showing the games of Philadelphia teams. Since the Sixers and Phillies games were over and the bar was nearly empty, I didn't see the issue with accommodating a patron's request. Don't they show international soccer matches on the weekend?
Rather than tuning into the game, the manager turned the televisions off and suggested that we try socializing with the other patrons! Some nerve! Seeing no one but two drunk couples to my right, this did not seem like a very appealing option. Our interaction with the manager got my entire group angry and prompted us to immediately leave the bar. 
When considering that the entire back section of Fado was taped off due to a police investigation into a theft at the bar, I was really turned off. There are far other Irish pubs in Philadelphia where I can get a $6 Guinness and not have to deal with arrogant, condescending mangers. 
Go to Moriarty's. They have better food and less expensive drinks.I came here after work for a work holiday party. It was fun! My company blocked off a section of the restaurant and platters of food were put out buffet style. The waitresses were super attentive with taking drink orders. They had a wide selection of alcohol, various styles of wine/beer/microbrew/cocktail for everyone. I like that the drink menu wasn't so big or the selection so obscure that it would be overwhelming. 
The atmosphere was great. I loved the coziness almost European of the place especially with the holiday decorations. It's definitely a less rowdy Irish bar.
For the food, we got satay chicken and beef skewers, BBQ wings, lamb sliders, sliders, caprese, sausage rolls, mini sheperd's pie. The food all looked very good but alas almost everything was extremely salty! It was like someone just poured a whole carton of salt over everything. 
For group events, this place is great! Just tell the kitchen to lighten up on the salt.I have been to this pub twice in the past several years and always enjoy myself while there. The place has a true pub feeling, a bit dark and low-lit interior. It is a popular hang out for happy hours and watching soccer games (and other sports). The clientele is definitely younger. 
Last time I was there, I had the chicken quesadillas, which were delish! They used a boxy tortilla and it was so tasty. We also shared some of the sliders, which were perfectly cute and yummy at the same time. 
I had two glasses of wine and my husband had Guinness. We had an excellent bar tender (we sat at the bar) who was very chatty and friendly. The place was busy but he took great care of us.Fado:  always good, never great.  Wish they had more vegetarian options.Oh Fado, great spot, good dj who plays whole songs and fun atmosphere.  Always able to get a drink fast!  Only downside is how crowded it gets which is very and NEVER use coatrack in winter coats are taken.I must second the previous reviewers comment. I was with my friends who were pick-pocketed this past Friday night on Halloween. We spent quite some time trying to search for her brand new iphone that we thought was misplaced, with no help from the manager, or anyone, whatsoever. When we finally went outside we found 2 police cars and multiple other girls that had their phones stolen as well. After speaking with the police we found that this is a common occurrence at this establishment- for the last several months pick-pockets have been stealing at least 5 phones per Friday and Saturday night. When I spoke with the manager, they are not informing the patrons whatsoever. I realize that it is not directly that manager's fault, but they are aware there is serious problem and they are not warning their customers which is wrong on so many levels.I was on the fence about giving Fado either three or four stars. I wrestled with it for a bit but I think service tipped the scales in their favor. I've always had positive experiences with their bartenders. 
It's an Irish Pub, I'm sure it's all been said in previous reviews. Just like many of you, I cut my teeth in Irish Pubs when I started going to bars. Places like these leave a little of a "been there, done that" taste in your mouth as they all follow a fairly similar formula. Yet there is something to be said for the places that make an effort to excel and stand out among the rest. 
I believe Fado is one of those places. 
I don't know if it was the bar themselves or a member of the drinking public who originally made the claim that Fado pours the best pints of Guinness in the city, but either way, I wouldn't contest it.My favorite thing to do at fado is grab drinks and watch soccer with friends. A lot of fun. Quizzo is a blast there, as well. The dance atmosphere on weekends is a bit odd for the space, though.My favorite place to watch football... real ENGLISH football.  Great atmosphere for the games and the food is delicious. Service is excellent as well. Parking can be tricky sometimes, depending on time of day but I usually do pretty well. There is a convenient parking garage across the street that charges $10(I believe; haven't parked there in a while).  I specifically recommend their Irish breakfast w/ Irish coffee or their Guinness wings w/ a pint of Guinness stout. Delishousness!!!What a great place! Their food is great, especially the lamb french dip sandwich and the Guinness beef stew. They also have all of my favorite Irish/English imports on tap. They have a great St. Patrick's Day event which is definitely worth going to, as long as you get there on the early side. The place fills up fast! The atmosphere here is great, and I've never had a bad experience yet.I only go in this bar once a year and since what when down last year will not be going back! I go to the annual Saint Patties day breakfast every year I can make it! 
I went and waited in a big line as usual to get in the place. I thought all was well and was having a great time socializing and drinking with the people. When I got ready to leave the rest room the guard / owner of the place pulled me aside and Said "I don't know how to put this but people have been complaining about you running into them." I said no I didn't notice I did not do anything and said excuse me if I ran into anyone. Then he told me you have to leave, but you can come back anytime but on this day! So if you are young and like a big place and not visually impaired like me then enjoy on Saint Patties day which you will not find me there ever again!The energy in this place during the World Cup was great fun. I was also impressed by the wait staff! They hustled and did a great job with service.Worst piece of shit place in town. Full of ratchets and horrible service. Bouncers barely know english.When you're an American obsessed with the British Premier League, breakfast and drinking and soccer become very closely related, because the matches are aired in the morning. Fado gets the job done on all three fronts. I have plenty of praise, and my criticisms are all pretty muted.
Full disclosure: this review is written from the perspective of a football fan who first crossed Fado's threshold in search of a decent venue to view the morning matches. I was very happy with what I found, but I'm less inclined to discuss the nightlife scene, cause I rarely end up at Fado for that.
More full disclosure: I'm a Liverpool supporter and there's always a good crowd of fellow Koppites in Fado. Lots of Spurs, United and Chelsea too. I don't imagine you'd get any aggro if you showed up in another kit - but I've never had to worry about it. Might have to be taken into consideration if your situation is different. Technically, it's a Celtic supporters bar, but it's mostly prem fans watching on the weekends. Maybe if you walked in wearing Rangers gear you'd get some stick. But let's be real, this is Philly, no one is going to punch you over soccer. Hockey, on the other hand... :)
Positives:
The staff is great. Friendly even at 7am. Knowledgeable about what matches are on, which is HUGE. And - this is the best part - they stream matches that aren't aired on any of the major networks, and are happy to put yours on if it isn't already. There are usually enough nooks and crannies with their own TVs for you and your squad to post up and watch your team, even if you're the only ones interested.
We stopped in on New Year's day last year, at the height of Mummers madness, and still got great service. It was crowded and we had to stand around for a few minutes until a table opened up. But when it did, the waiter brought out a couple extra chairs to accommodate our group even though it made the thoroughfare a little more cluttered. Solid move.
Breakfast is yummy. It's sort of an American gourmet twist on Irish pub fare. That means boxties and black pudding alongside the omelette and potatoes. But everything is thoughtfully plated, not just slopped onto the dish, and the grease level is much lower than you'd get at the neighborhood diner. Portions are big. I recommend the smoked salmon bagel or the Irish breakfast sampler. If you don't know what the black pudding is - don't ask. Just eat it, yank.
Prices are high compared to greasy spoon places, but not through-the-roof. 
It's very accessible. Right next to a SEPTA/PATCO stop, and on the weekends there's plenty of parking on 15th or Walnut. I've never seen it super-crowded and never had to wait for a table, except on the last day of the season.
Negatives:
People day it doesn't have a "genuine" Irish feel. I guess they're right. Doesn't really bug me. I came looking for a football bar, and that's what I found. I've yet to find a better one in Philly. Until I do, I'll put up with the Hoolihan's vibe at Fado.
Others gripe about the beer selection. Again, probably a valid concern. I don't see a lot of microbrews or obscure selections. But they have the British market covered pretty well (Newky Brown!). My buddy always gets black-and-tan's, and swears they make a good one at Fado. So no complaints from us.
Apparently the nighttime crowd gets a little douchey. Call me old fashioned, but in center city Philly (or center city anywhere), "a little douchey" is the best-case scenario.  I've been here a few times at night, and the vibe was way more chill than most places I end up at - but my favorite bar is Silk City, so to me, anything short of pure mayhem registers as "chill".
All in all, Fado is dope! Me and my hooligan crew will continue to show up hungover as balls on Saturday mornings for football and a little hair of the dog :).actually pretty fire. thought it was going to be ight bc like jawn looked like any irish pub but like it was rly good if youre getting simple stuff like wings or whatever. i like:)Nicer than the average Irish Pub, quite nice place with nice atmosphere, clean.  on a Saturday night  around midnight it was very crowded with a mostly 20-something clientele.Traveling in Philly and stumbled upon this place by accident. Loved the atmosphere, and the bottomless bloody mary's were clutch.Fellow Yelper Dana H. and I came here to watch the England-Italy match during the 2012 Euro Cup.
Jam-packed with a fairly even mix of England and Italy fans - we found a clear-ish area in front of a television and spend the next two years (the game went down to penalties thus breaking this English bird's little heart) yelling, drinking beer and chanting, "Ole! Ole! Ole!"
Service was prompt and friendly, despite the chaotic atmosphere and I'm pretty well stuck on the notion of returning during the World Cup in two years.
However this time, I'm arriving well before match time starts and ordering a real meal. The food looked pretty good and if a girl's gonna get all drunk and rowdy, she's gonna need some fuel for it.Forever grateful to an employee who drove 25 miles to help my daughter & 2 other 18 year old girls who were loss and scared. Thank you for your kindness & compassion. I will give you 5 stars because I'm sure this love of yours pours into your food.I cannot say I've been to many "Irish" pubs in the US, but I've been to a few in the UK. Because of this I'm basing my review on my personal experience there as well as observations from the many dozens of times I've walked past.
During my time in Philly I lived literally 1 minute from Fado, walking past in the day time it looked rather quaint. People seemed to be enjoying sitting outside munching on their food. Now I should have tried going during the daytime, because I ended up going in the evening.
My first attempt going here was with my girlfriend (whom had been and enjoyed it before) was not overly exciting. It was very empty. A few people at a few tables. We decided to abort.
Our second attempt was more promising than the first attempt... until closer examination. It was packed, the usual Friday night crowd from what I was told. Essentially that translated to obnoxious, drunk, confrontational student crowd. Especially from the guys. Now while I don't like to do reviews based on the crowd as it is such a wild variable, but when you go to a pub/bar in the evening, the crowd makes the establishment. The girls seemed to be acting fairly decently, but the males were dancing aggressively, knocking into girls, essentially acting only in their own interests. Even upon being asked politely to mind ones space (something a decent person does in a packed establishment) I was told to *insert impolite insult*. At which point I had enough and we decided to leave.  Hopefully that is not every Friday.
Fado probably doesn't care about what the crowd is like on days like Friday nights, but the establishment itself is nice, convenient and visually welcoming. If my experiences were nicer I would probably have frequented it a few nights a month. 
All this in disregard, if I ever return to Philadelphia I would like to patron Fado during the day and enjoy it as a proper pub setting, and I suggest you do the same.My friends and I love coming here for any type of Match weather its World Cup or MLS this is our favorite place to watch any game. It's nice to see a real style Irish Pub and one that isn't scared to be different and love soccer as much as I do! The beers on tap were so fresh and crisp, we had the Cheesey Puff's app and some Fish and Chips which were amazing. and Our bartender Steve was one of the nicest bartenders and kept our pints full the whole time what else can you ask for! Great staff/food/ and great all around time. Can not wait to watch the Brazil game there this week!Rude bouncers. I would never come back. They take your money and hustle you out. Really rude. Will never return.Ate there about two months ago, place was very lively with great food. I definitely recommend it to people who are in the area.Bar is awesome, everything is great except bottomless mimosas. All OJ and no champaign. Grab the Irish coffee instead, real good.Awesome happy hour and very cool environment. We went there around 5:30 on a Thursday so it was quiet, not too busy. Happy hour beers were $4 and all well drinks were $5. They also had a nice selection of appetizers and small plates for $5. The wings were great, especially their weekly special called garlic pepper. Also ordered the pork belly tacos and wasn't as satisfied. My friend said the fish tacos were good and the Rosemary parm fries were cooked perfectly with great seasoning. Definitely will go back to try more. Eat it!I've been here three times now in 3 different situations and each time Fado has exceeded my expectations. 
My first experience here was meeting a friend here on a Saturday night. The dance floor was in full swing while it was still possible to order drinks at the bar relatively easily. The night grew fuzzy but we all had fun drinking and dancing. 
The second time I had to suggest a Sunday lunch spot and chose this for the simple fact that it's right by the train and I knew where it was. I had a bagel breakfast sandwich with potatoes which was hit the hungover spot to perfection. The bartender was very nice and chatted me up while I waited for my date. 
Third visit was earthquake day after a job interview; I was stranded in the city til the trains to NJ started running again. I stopped in around 3pm and the place was packed due to everyone waiting on patco. I hadn't yet had lunch and they make their drinks strong here! I had a captain and diet double tall and felt a buzz halfway through. Definitely no watered down drinks here!
Based on these 3 visits I'll definitely make a 4th!Great for groups, great Guinness and Smithwick's on tap. I remember it being really dark inside.The only food that you should order here is the kind that you drink.
Most of the time I am there is to catch a soccer match.
Their food is, at best, average.  
However, I must say they have one of the best Chicken Tenders in town.  Unlikely most places where they are made dry, hard, thin and dull, the ones you get at Fado are crispy, juicy and tender.  If you don't think they are awesome, I will fight you.
I am basically there every weekend.
The End.Already, maybe I was being a little too harsh. Everything I said is true about the line waiting in the cold, etc. I would suggest that Fado invest in some outdoor heaters or something given that this place ALWAYS has a line on the weekends. 
Anyways, this last weekend, my friends and I started in the back corner which was really empty and the servers kept coming up to us to make sure we were ok. Love that kinda service so I'm not bombarded while getting a drink! 
But the main reason I'm bumping them up is that there are really few cool bars in Philly that have a designated dance floors. The others one I can think of are Smiths & National Mechanics. The rest more so have standing area where throughout the course of the night begin to resemble dance floors (aka drunk girls lol). But I love getting mah dance on, so I might suck it up every one in a while to stand in line just to dance. Also, the crowd seemed much younger than I remember... maybe because last time I was here I was 21 and anyone not in college seemed  35.Its nice to have friends. And its nice to have a place that encourages friends to hang out together, drink/eat together, and wrack one another's brains for answers to Wednesday's Pub Quiz!! We're now regulars at Fado's quiz night every Wednesday since this past summer, and if things go the way they have we'll probably continue to do so until...well, at least until my bf gets his PhD and we have the option to move, but that's 3+ years away and many, many pints to go through to reach that point.
Gotta love quiz night! Sometimes its PACKED, other times its just the hardcore fanatics, but its always fun and usually pretty challenging (grrr music round *shakes fist*). Since its sponsored by Amstel they always have a $3 pint special, perfect since we're usually there for about 2 1/2 hours. The food is okay, mostly hit or miss, and its typical bar fare; the curry fries are a good choice, but skip the wings if you have standards because most likely they won't meet them. Portions are pretty big, and at least if you're a girl an appetizer will probably suffice. 
The service is usually pretty good - I think only once or twice have we felt neglected by the staff - and the servers are generally friendly and nice and will joke around with you and try to help you answer questions. One time we arrived a little late and could only find a small corner for our party of 7, but our waitress came over 5 minutes later and said that she would move us to a table after clearing it off. Awesome! I only wish that the girl who helps out with the pub quiz had a slightly quieter, less piercing voice while speaking over the mic because at the end of a long day, after banging one's head against the dark, wooden bar surfaces trying to think of answers to questions, and especially after drinking a few pints, my head can't handle her loud, piercing questions. Even after two Advils.I had my first visit to Fadó on April 10, 2012 before a concert at the Kimmel Center. I was very impressed with everything about Fadó, from my initial phone call to inquire about reservations to the service and the food. Upon entering, my friend and I were greeted immediately by Colleen (who also turned out to be our server). 
Great first impression, friendly yet professional. Since they weren't too busy on a Tuesday night we were allowed to seat ourselves and we picked a table in a semi-private room off the main dining area. We were told about the specials and asked about our drinks while we waited.
Good selection of beers and drinks available and they were brought quickly. The food was very good. It was served promptly and looked terrific. We had the Shepherd's Pie and the Corned Beef and Cabbage Boxty. Excellent! 
The entire time we were there, our server checked back with us, made sure we had refills on drinks, and asked how everything was. All in all, it was excellent service, but at amazingly reasonable prices. I will definitely come back to this restaurant again.Overpriced. Over rated. Decent beer selection but the food is horrible American version of Irish and not recommend. Best thing about this place is the location. Go somewhere else. Mcgillians, Moritarys, Tir ne nog, are all better Irish pubs in walking distance than this place. Oh, and avoid on Fri & sat nights if you're over 25. Place turns into an overcrowded dance party filled with youngins.Came here on Sunday with my boyfriend and sister to watch the Chelsea/Liverpool match. Good spot to watch games. Being a pharmacist I also thought the decor was cute (but couldn't figure out the correlation to Irish and pubs). 
Menu was pretty extensive. I ordered the shephard's pie, my sister ordered the smoked salmon on a bagel with cream cheese, and my boyfriend ordered the breakfast boxty. All were pretty good.
Would come again if in Philly and in need of a place to watch a game!This place is like stepping in to Ireland...right down to the accent of the bartenders!! A must-visit on you pub tour of the city!!!I've been coming here off and on for years and I actually really like this place. I was initially skeptical because when you see Irish pub you think ok this won't be the experience you want but it really is almost every time. Food might be pricey but it's center city and it's pretty good. I like coming here early on the weekends to be amongst real soccer fans. That is an experience this place was made for. The place gets packed but the atmosphere is fantastic, and they know how to properly pour Guinness (may have to do with the fact the staff are a majority from Ireland). The one thing I can say that keeps me from giving it a 5 star is the evenings on the weekends. I made the mistake of stumbling in one Saturday night and the place turned into a freaking dance club and that ruined it for me. So if you avoid those times and scene, I can only highly recommend coming here.As a restaurant and bar its great...the only reason I give it 2 stars is my Soccer bar rating. It only shows Premier League, some MLS and of course the World Cup. La  Liga and Series A are out the question...its an Irish pub after all that doesn't even televise a Rangers/ Celtic game. The bar caters well to the new fans of soccer. Experienced fans with strong loyalties will have some trouble creating a cell here. I think it was meant to be diverse enough that new comers cannot tell the difference btw Man City and Man U. If your an experienced fan with loyalties and travel around hunting for "that bar" then you know exactly what I mean. Otherwise roll in here deep and make your stand.It never disappoints! I started going here for the World Cup games. Good prices decent food big enough space n the staff is super nice. Is a chilled place. You can grab a table drink beer for hours or Fridays n sat stay in the front room n dance! Great DJ no cover. Tons of space If you r not into dancing go to the back where theres enough tables. The bar is very large. Is just my fav place no matter what I'm in the mood for.Only good part of my visit was the beer. It was not very busy when we arrived. Our Server was very friendly, but after the initial greeting, he pretty disappeared. I think he was taking care of too many tables. Saw him running around, but couldn't flag him down for another beer. We ordered the Skillet Chips appetizer...they were terrible. We wanted to order a main course, but ran out of time, as we were attending an event at the Kimmel Center. Also had trouble trying to pay the check. We had to walk around and find someone who worked there to ring us out. If the main dishes are anything like the appetizer, I'm glad we missed out. I would consider going back, only for drinks, and that would be a stretch, since Monk's is close,Good food and great place to have a pint and watch a Soccer game.
However I have 2 minor issues. 
The staff although friendly seems a little indifferent. They seem to take their time to serve you. Not necessarily a bad thing but just a little weird.
Very few choices for vegetarians. They probably have one item on their menu. Some of my friends are vegetarian and we had a tough time ordering for them
I recommend the Bangers and Mash and/or the Boxties, Good stuff.Definitely, like the other reviewers have been saying, a great place to watch soccer. Good brews, good food. Decent prices.
I've also wandered into Fado a few nights with sort of, err, drink-chat- meet people expectations, and every time I do that -- I know, I know; why would it take me more than one time to learn my lesson -- every time I do that I remember that it's no place for someone in their twenties. Well, low to mid-twenties.
On the weekends, Fado becomes a hangout spot for people in thirties and forties, probably a lot of singles, a lot of folks with throw-down-a-few mentalities.Love this place. The fireplace, so cool if you're lucky enough to catch the table open. Cheese wedges and wings are the best. Been here with my wife and daughter, as well as out with friends.