Super delicious old school east coast deli. The best in Philly. I got the pastrami Reuben and potato pancakes as the side and it was holy crap good. They also hook you up with an appetizer of vinegar based coleslaw and homemade pickles and some mixed breads. They also serve old school sodas too which are a treat. The best treat of all is the desserts which are mega sized and mega tastey. Sometimes this place can be expensive but it's well worth it.I actually can't tell you exactly why I feel this way but this is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly. For me, this is Philly eating. 
They serve hamantaschen year round and maybe the deliciousness of this pastry was the kicker for me. Every corner had a good amount of apricot in it and the texture was like the most moist butter cookie you could imagine. It was so delicious that i stopped by again later in the afternoon to pick up another for my road trip that evening.
I like that they have novie, a less salty lox, amongst a billion other options. 
Every time I've eaten here it's been delicious. Even the coffee is fantastic. I've always left stuffed but still wanting to try more. Can't walk past those desserts, breads, and meats and not want to try ALL of them!I loved the food here. They give very large portions, and is very tasty. The atmosphere was excellent, almost giving a New York feel. I'd definitely go back again.It is just too much of everything. If you want the good, ORIGINAL take no names cookie, find the original owners in the back of the reading terminal market.  I can't go back here because the challah french toast so overwhelmed me that I almost lost it.This is a restaurant with EPIC PORTIONS! No I didn't mix my words, I meant portions. The matzo ball in my soup was the size of a softball and Dining Partner's corned beef sandwich required him to dislocate his jaw in order to bite into it. The free fresh baked cookies at the end of our meal was a bonus treat. Quick service on a Saturday afternoon around 11. Best Jewish deli in the city!Wow. Sandwiches are huge! I was with two big dudes that can put down a lot of food and not even they could finish more than half a sandwich. It is a little pricey, but if you go with someone else and split an entree it wouldn't be too bad. The strawberry cheesecake was amazing. I like the atmosphere. Overall a good meal with plenty of leftovers.How could I have missed writing a review of 4th Street Deli after all these years??? I never go "home" without stopping here. Ever. 
Forget the fact that this is the real deal. Forget the fact that ogling the monster-sized deserts in the front is a sport. Forget the fact that the sandwiches, with fantabulous and fresh ingredients, are big enough to feed a family of 6. Forget that the pickles and coleslaw that are served at every table remind me of my childhood. And forget the fact that the matzo balls in the most delicious soup I've ever had are the size of my head. 
The cincher is the fresh, yummy cookies they serve with the check!
Now if only the owner would open in San Fran....If i were to recommend a place to have a great sandwich in philadelphia this would be the place I would recommend. 
First off, come with an appetite, because the sandwiches are seriously huge! get the Zaftig if you're REALLY hungry. The meat is so fresh and tasty and the staff is really friendly. 
Get the smoked turkey Reuben you will not regret it.May family and I came here for brunch.  We tried their signature pastrami sandwich and also the pastrami and scrambled eggs that we were hearing about.  The food was good, but not great.  The pastrami was fresh but somehow on the plain side to our taste.  Overall, it's a nice place, the staff are friendly, and the prices are ok.I was taken to 4th St deli because of my love of pastrami. I only got take out and the pastrami sandwich I got was huge!!
I got it on a roll. The roll taste fantastic I would go back just for the rolls, very fresh and tasty like it was baked on the premise
OK back to the place, very clean, courteous  service, great food the pastrami tastes good but not as good as Katz in NYC I will return again.I LOVE Famous 4th.  Not only do they have the most amazing sandwiches (you can not finish one...  it's absurdly large), but they have the cutest mini-matza ball soups that are free before your meal.  Amazing pickle bowl and onion rolls... mmm.  Free cookies when you get your check - but I highly suggest buying a black & white cookie for later on!
UPDATE:  I would hate for anyone to think I'm a liar...  therefore, I have to report that the deli no longer gives the mini-matza ball soup.  Sad, but true.consistency is key, and that's what you'll find at fourth street. 
this has to be one of my absolute favorite restaurants of all time. sure, around breakfast, lunch, dinner, and all those "second meal" times, the place can be as crowded as a new york city subway stop, but just like the subway rush, the constant flow of people ensures that you won't wait for long.
the nova has the perfect balance of smoked flavor and salmon taste. usually a dairy loather, i love the cream cheese, which is as basic, thick, and spreadable as it is wonderful (for a change, try the chive cream cheese complete with chunks of chive!) 
and the billion layer cakes? phenomenal. a heart attack in a box if you get it to go...deeply satisfying, and enough to last a week...until your next fourth street visit.What a great deli. Philly is lucky to have this place. In DC, there's nothing even close. Found ourselves here while walking around South Philly and in the mood for a nice sandwich. Nice clean old school deli with white tiles and servers in butcher's smocks and ties. Past the register, you have an awesome selection of pastries, cookies, and cakes. For the kids, a black and white cookie the size of a hubcap. Made the mistake of ordering a slice of chocolate cake. What you get is a two-inch thick slab that's the size of a shoebox lid with an inch of frosting that's so dark and dense not even light can escape. We were still eating this thing three days later.
I decided to keep it simple and stick with a pastrami/corned beef combo on rye. For $18 you get a mammoth meal: two fist-sized rolls of meat sandwiched between three thick moist slices of rye, smothered in swiss, thousand island, and fresh crisp slaw. Enough for two, maybe three eaters. The meat was moist and tender, and the bread wasn't the cheap dry storebought nonsense. This tasted like real rye and although it held the sandwich together, you really had to eat this with a fork and knife. We also got a side of nice pickles, a mix of fresh, half sour, and sour dills, served on a bed of slaw. This isn't the milky, runny slop you find at most sandwich shops. This was coarse shredded in a simple vinegar brine seasoned with pickling spices. A nice fresh snappy clean taste, perfect for cutting through the rich fatty meat. We also got an order of the potato pancakes: nicely fried, crisp, and potato-ey. Addictive.
This isn't a cheap meal. If you want cheap, you can go to any streetcorner, order a 9" Subway "footlong" for $5, and spend the rest of the day in the bathroom. The deli sandwiches here are solid affairs, meant to be shared. I'm sure some gluttons would be able to finish one before dropping dead, but I can't think of a better last meal than that pastrami/corned beef stack.Quality and authentic deli selections. Food portions are huge, expect leftovers! Best chocolate cake I've ever had!Excellent pastrami sandwich!!!  This is how it's done!  It's always nice to get food this good without having to go to New York.YAY FOR JEWFOOD!!! I was thrilled when on a Saturday morning, there wasn't even a wait! But -- it would have been worth it if there was. The portions are enough to feed the entire Jewish population of Philly. I think my omelet had nine eggs in it. Service was fast and friendly. THERE ARE FREE COOKIES AT THE END OF THE MEAL! FREE! COOKIES! Now THAT is how you run a business. This is a family-owned place and it's clear from the service that they really care about the customers. Very comfortable and casual place.I've been coming here at least weekly for I don't know how many years, and it's just awesome. I've read the reviews about crappy service and wonder who they're takin about. There used to be a really snooty girl at the counter years ago (I had a nickname for her from a certain Seinfeld soup-related episode) but I find everyone there now very friendly. 
Anyway, there are plenty reviews about the corned beef and Jewish staples, but my favorite thing there is, ironically, the bacon. It's thick cut, crisped juuust right, and a healthy sized portion. Their breakfast sandwiches are probably my fave in the city. 
The nova is always fresh and delicious, highly recommend the tuna, shrimp and egg salads, and the elephant ears are flaky with a perfect coating of freshly dipped chocolate.
Chicken soup is good, salads are good, breads/bagels are good... It's all good!Pretty good place but $18 for a sandwich is very questionable. I think it's worth trying once, but will not be a place I frequent.WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME HERE?!!!
i've lived in the philth for 8 years, and i've never come here? ever? wtf? what was i thinking? it's almost as good as canter's back home, but with gigantor-er portions.
i got the regular-sized tuna fish sandwich, with a side of potato pancakes. freaking deliciousness!!! the child and i shared one half a sandwich at the deli, and the other half the following day, at home.
my husband actually ate an ENTIRE turkey reuben, all in one sitting. i was kind of taken aback, man...he was serious about his sammich, that's for sure.
at the end--delicious chocolate chip cookies!!I used to go to the 4th Street Deli all the time as a kid.  My dad and I would each get Nova sandwiches.  From what I remember the food was great and so was the service. We would ask for the same waitress every time and she'd hook us up with a little extra of everything. Speaking of little extras, those jumbo chocolate chip cookies are amazing! Eat some at the table and grab a couple on the way out of the door. They're just that good.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I haven't been here for  a long time, sadly. So I can't speak of the customer service now. I'm sure the food hasn't changed though, and it's a landmark, so it's worth a try.I wanted a plain bagel with cream cheese an my boyfriend got me a bagel with lox. Sad to say I was disappointed. It was so salty I couldn't eat it. The bagel itself was delicious at least. He got the pastrami and it was tasty. Not too over powering and not salty. If you don't get the lox, I think you will be pretty happy.This place is so good ! Portions are huge. They also give you a cookie at the end which is delicious! Staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our waiter was super friendly. Great little spot to check out!My girlfriend and I stopped in to grab a cookie. We ended up ordering a bite to eat.  Well to our surprise her comes our corned beef special. In my younger years my mom took us to Jewish deli for this.  I have never tasted corned beef til I came here. Two weeks later we took my mom . The look on her face wad priceless.  Even better when she tasted the food.These sandwiches are huge. Pretty delicious but the overabundance of meat can be overbearing sometimes. I take the rest home and split it up into multiple sandwiches :) don't judge.
The complimentary cookies are the bomb. Wish they sold THOSE.On our way to this deli, my girlfriend and I got caught in a huge thunderstorm without an umbrella and got completely soaked. It was miserable. Despite this, I can gladly say that this place is worth walking through a thunderstorm for. 
Each sandwich comes in two sizes: regular and zaftig. The server explained that the regular is under a 1lb while the zaftig is over a 1lb. My girlfriend and I split the zaftig pastrami sandwich and it was delicious and really filling! You can definitely share a zaftig sandwich between two people. We also ordered their famous chocolate chip cookie to try and it was also fantastic. I almost ate the whole thing before my girlfriend had a chance to try it...What I didn't know beforehand, was that they also give you a mini cookie after the meal to take home with you. For some reason though, I felt that the smaller free one didn't taste as good as the regular size famous cookie so I would recommend trying one of their famous ones on top of the free one they give you. On a side note, they have a cookie stand in Reading Terminal where you can also try their famous cookies.This deli is like Jack & and the Beanstalk meets Jewish deli. (For real, I've been to Jewish style delicatessens before, and this place had the most massive portion sizes I have EVER seen. EVERRRRRR. But, more on that later.) 
When we walked in, I was a little dismayed at the line ahead of us waiting for a table. Starving, and drooling a little from the pastries displayed around the cash register, we decided to wait for a couple minutes to see how the line moved. Fortunately, it moved along very quickly, and we were probably seated within 10-minutes. Our waiter was a little strange, but we eventually got our orders, and my eyes bulged out of my head at the sheer quantity of food we were given. 
My "challah" french toast looked like it was literally an entire loaf of challah. (Yeah, I'm trying to say it was Enormous.) The french toast was a little different than usual though, and it was almost like they deep fried each piece of bread? I'm not sure what the secret is/was, but the resulting food on my plate was amazingly delicious, and made up my breakfast for the next 3 days. 
My dining partners each ordered a bagel with lox, and again-- I could not get over the size. The cream cheese was easily an inch thick, with probably about 2 inches worth of lox on top. Neither could finish even a half. 
Amazingly, the prices for everything was about what you'd expect for the same things at a normal size. I loved my experience here, and can't wait to come back. (The only reason they didn't get 5-stars was for waiter weirdness... have to be a little discriminating about the 5-stars I'm dropping.)Huge portions,but according to the price
The meat sandwich are well done, specially the pastrami. 
The knish was delicious, although a little bland
Great service and variety of Deli foodDesserts are wonderful.   Cheesecake great.  Would be 5 stars if it had a graham cracker crust.   Sandwiches huge.  However.  The corned beef is not very lean even when you ask for x x x x lean and not very tasty. Hymies is much better.  Sorry.  Fun place. One issue.  Must have the worst Jewish pickles that I have ever had.  Not sure why. Too much garlic? Pepper ?  Try a Vlassic Jewish pickle . They are better.   Sorry. Health salad is great.  Square challah great for French  toast.Had brunch here today and it was amazing! Come with a big appetite, because the portions are huge! Great quality as well as service. In the end, the sever gave us chocolate chip cookies! Prices are definitely reasonable for the amount of food that's given!Favorite place! The food is great! I recommend you go hungry because the portions are huge! I love everything here!Ok so the portions are enormous. That's clear. And there's value in that for sure. The food is ok not excellent. I got the matzoh ball soup.  The matzoh ball was enormous. The soup was made from chicken stock and there's chicken inside. There's also bowties and carrots. It was impressively huge but nothing to write home about flavor wise. The latkes were delicious. Also tried the beef brisket which was pretty good and came with latkes and 2 sides (we ordered kasha/bowties and derma). The kasha to bowtie ratio was perfect. Another guest on our table had the zaftig sized pastrami sandwich. I didn't try it but it looked impressive.damn good! high quality food! great sausage! and potato pancakes!brilliant. the sandwich was ENORMOUS.
that is what you will think after you leave here.
the complimentary pickles were good, but the slaw was the big hit.  the potato pancakes - also delicious.
i had some size of reuben, i think it was their version of "small," but there was an entire cow.  had to order a side of russian dressing to go with it - not included, but delicious to dip it in!
this is definitely the place to order a sandwich from.  beware the bagel and cream cheese-there's an entire tub of cream cheese on there.
it was packed, so we made sure to get there early enough so that our tummies weren't grumbling too much.  the day after new years day - we didn't expect any less.
speedy waitstaff, even though they didn't seem to be the happiest to be working, they were definitely on point.  excellent time.  go go go!Only crazy great huge zaftig sandwiches. Sure they are really expensive but I think they can feed four. They make a smaller one for wussies. I only get corned beef.  Hot, moist delicious!! The brisket can be bit dry. The turkey is good but too heathy for me at this place. Outstanding matzo ball soup. Wonderful rye bread. Get a cookie on the way out because the ones they give you at the end of your meal are not enough! It's a great place for breakfast and get the latkes. "Potato pancakes". Best bacon in the city. Thick tasty and crispy. This review has made me really hungry!I was craving some matzoh ball soup and the reviews said this was the place to go. While yes, the soup was delicious, it was a bit more expensive than I would have expected ($8!!). I would be willing to go back and try one of their $20 Sandwhiches. Maybe next time I'm in towMassive portions, great service, amazing food. I'm a big guy, and rarely in any given year can I not finish the food in front of me. This is one of those places. I had the pastrami and eggs with a side of potato pancakes and it was incredible.Okay, so first off, I'm upset that I didn't listen to the other reviewers with respect to the portion sizes. They are absolutely massive. I have a huge appetite and am somewhat gluttonous, so I ate half of my sandwich and just the meat portion of the other half. Now I feel like arse. 
Having said that, next time I will definitely order 1 regular and split it with my friends. They were smart enough to save half their sandwiches for later, but being the glutton that I am, I hate saving it and went for the meat. Food wise, it was alright. Not the best deli ever, but definitely had a traditional feel. Their menu is outrageously large with every classic dish under the sun. Prices are on the high side, and if I was local I wouldn't come here often, but their portions do make up for it. So as I said, split the sandwich and the price in two, and you have yourself an excellent meal. Next time I'd do that for sure. 
Note: I had half a corned beef sandwich and half a liver sandwich (minus the bread on the liver). Liver was very meaty, which is nice. It could've used a touch more onion. The corned beef was okay too, not hot enough for my liking, but very easy on the palette for many. 
Their pickles were fine and the coleslaw was actually pretty good. They also give you these nice cookies at the end, which was a pleasant surprise. The service was quick and friendly, no complaints there. 
I'd say, food wise, it's a 3.5, establishment/atmosphere-wise, a 4. So 4 it is.Chilled little big neighborhood deli. A lot of noise but quick prompt service. Table coleslaw with pickles are like WHOA!!! Inhaled in 5 seconds. Prices are steep but food portions are ginormous!!!! I felt like a total oinker with all of this foodSo, I was originally going to go solid 5 stars for this place.  I love it here.  And everything I have ever gotten has been unbelievable.  I LOOOOOOOOVE the huge pot of traditional chicken soup.  If you are in the mood for soup.  GO. HERE.  THE.  END.  I've also had the Rueben which is bomb and last night I had the Nova Lox platter which was reallyyyyyy good.  I ate so much that my date was calling me "porky" by the end.  I know.  Rude.    Reason for the minus one star is because I tried a breakfast sandwich for the first time ever there.  Sausage, Egg, and Cheese.  Eh.  Nothing to right home about.  I really want to try to smoked salmon hash and eggs.  Love it here.  Definitely check it out for some deli action.When friends visit and they want something other than a Cheesesteak, we end up at 4th St.  The portions are almost too big, and honestly, after visiting some of the "famous" delicatessens in NYC...4th St is better.  The fries are steak wedges with the skin on.  The Reuben, or any sandwich for that matter is the size of your head.  Probably bigger because I'm comparing it to my enormous melon.  The feeling of the restaurant is old school and simple.  Lots of black and white tile with the traditional photos of famous people meeting the owner.  The service is attentive and friendly without being too nice.  After all, it is Philly.  If someone is too nice to you in this town, they're selling you something.I am a member of a profound and prodigious club called the B.E.C., or Big Eaters Club.  There are two ways to gain entry into our debauched society.  The first is to go out with three established members of the B.E.C. to a restaurant with an approved, sizable menu, and with the group, order and devour all the restaurant has to offer.  The second is to completely finish a Zaftig at the Famous Fourth Street Deli.  The first option is easier.
Ezekial F., one passionate member of the B.E.C., first introduced this behemoth of a sandwich to us by bringing an unfinished half of with a scale that dictated its weight: 1.6 pounds.  Half.  1.6 pounds.  Half.  Fitting both slices of bread, with all that meat, between your teeth is akin to trying to fit a bowling ball inside a zip-lock bag.  
The corned beef is surprisingly tender, and generally falls apart with the slightest application of force.  This is particularly important, because towards the end of your meal, if you make it that far, your jaws lack the energy and strength to chew.  The one thing that keeps you going is the high quality of all the ingredients.  
The most die-hard of B.E.Cers will follow this monstrosity with dessert.  Each slice of Checkerboard Cake is as big War and Peace in 14 font.  And the eclairs are as big as my Danskos.  My wife, the founding member of the B.D.E.C. (D for dessert) will split the two of them with me.  The ensuing walk home is spent in a unique balance of comatose, pain and pride.  And then we don't eat for three days.So I only stopped in here to calm my chocolate craving after having a great Cheesesteak from Jims just blocks away.  I decided to go with the peanut buttercup choc cake.  I thought it was a little pricey for a piece of cake ($9.00)  but then she handed me the to-go container.  WOW!! There was essentially a whole cake in there.  I ended up getting 5 servings out of it because it was so big.  It is a dense cake with several layers of peanut butter type icing.  So rich but so good.  Will definately go back and try some of their deli fare and may stay and enjoy the restaurant feel this time instead of taking it to go.One massive piece of carrot cake and I'm in heaven.  I have to resist every time I walk by.....dammit, if only I didn't try it in the first place.  The best and biggest carrot cake with awesome cookies to boot.  This is definitely my sin bin!Sandwiches seem pricey, but the Chicken Noodle soup is out of this world. The staff was very friendly when I went in and the baked goods are ENORMOUS. It's like giant-sized everything!Seriously, every sandwich here is so big it's like a cow with a cracker on each side. I can usually only finish half of a corned beef on rye, the other half goes home and becomes two more meals. Don't let the prices scare you off, quality costs money and you won't be dissapointed by anything on the menu at 4th Street. 
Fun fact....almost every time I'm here I see the owner working....gotta love dedication like that.the portions here are MASSIVE - i mean each order is probably enough for 2-3 people so you definitely get value for your money. 
ingredients are top notch, but the fare is pretty standard jewish deli stuff. the taste is good, but not head and shoulders above any other jewish deli i've been to. they get points for the overwhelming portion sizes, but take that away and its just a good, average jewish deli. 
not spectacular, but would definitely go back once in awhileAmazing sandwiches, enough meat to clot your arteries! But tastes too good to pass up!
Came here for the 1st time with some friends, and really glad I did.
The sandwich portions are huge and the price reflects that also.  I paid $22 after tax and tip for a corned beef reuben.  The sandwiches comes with crispy pickles and some crunchy cole slaw.  The soft bread that comes with it are addicting so you really have to resist getting full on them before your sandwich arrives.
The service is extremely friendly and fast, I love the traditional clean white uniforms the waiters and waitresses have.
It was big enough for me to be full after just eating half of it.  The other half was a delicious leftover meal.Finally, a decade after leaving Los Angeles, I've found a Deli that not only compares to Canters, it's actually better!
Don't let the menu prices scare you away - it's more than worth it in quality and quantity!
First you start with Coleslaw, Pickles, Salted Rye Bread and an Onion Role.
Then comes your sandwich, with a choice of side from a few different salads or potato pancakes.  The size of these sandwhiches are HUGE - enough for two meals, easily!
Lastly, comes the fresh baked Chocholate Chip Cookie for dessert (included).
All of high quality and very tasty!I'm not sure if Fourth Street Deli knows how to get anything wrong! EVERYTHING I have had here has been TOP QUALITY!! But let's get beyond the food here, as delis have to have KILLER desserts in order to claim their place in deli infamoucy (spelling?)....at least in my mind. Here are a list of my favorites: 
1. Peanut Butter Cup Cake (sinful...but worth the visit to confession afterwards)
2. Red Velvet Cake (I'm a southern girl originally...so this is saying A LOT!)
3. Strawberry Shortcake (this might be tied to a childhood fatuation with strawberries)
4. Eclairs (they are as long as a men's size 10 shoe!...."That's what she said!")
Don't forget to sit in the Obama booth with the special plaque! If you come often enough....you are destined to run into a celebrity eventually...they all stop through here! And for good reason!In my opinion the portions are way to large.  Not everyone can or wants to take home an enormous amount of leftovers.  My daughter and I went for lunch and after sticker shock ($22 for a corned beef sandwich) we settled for a breakfast sandwich $7 and a Reuben Deli $8.50.  Both were fabulous!  If they offered a mini version of the sandwiches (roast beef and turkey were $22 each also) it would have been a five stars experience.   The table next to us ordered a slice of confetti cake and they were actually annoyed with it's gigantic size. It literally looked like half a sheet cake!   Nice environment, fabulous wait staff.  Just be forewarned, the sizes are humongous.Portions are ridiculously huge and food is slamming! Fresh meats and breads, tasty...great old school diner atmosphere. The complimentary fresh baked chocolate chip cookie was the icing on the cake to a five star rating!Incredibly rude waitress.  We called and asked when they close.  They said 9.  We arrived at 8:15.  Our waitress was insanely abrupt and told us we had to hurry up because they were closing.  Her attitude was just rude and obnoxious.  After our food came I complimented the kugle and she turned away in the middle of me talking and cut me off saying - "I have to go clean the floor, I cannot talk to you."
Best noodle kugle and best hamentashen I have ever had.
Potato pancakes. Meh?  Sable, pretty good.  Will certainly be back and hope for a waitress who is slightly nice.Definitely the place to visit if you're starving!  Friends and I visited Philadelphia from CA and were astounded at the portions of food.  We decided to order various items from the menu and have a family style meal.  After ordering the corned beef hash with two eggs (scrambled), I expected to see the typical side order of corned beef plus small mound of eggs.  Not so!  The platter brought out to us was a heaping mountain of food with a sliver of eggs sitting on top.  Wait staff was very courteous, other patrons around were friendly.  Next time I'm in town, I definitely would stop here again without hesitation :-)Love It!!!! Went here for breakfast while on the road back to Georgia; FELL IN LOVE! The portions can feed a small army. I had the French Toast... Amazing! Next time I'm in Philadelphia I will define tell be back!!Best Jewish Deli in Philly. I moved here from NYC and this place rates right up there with the Carnegie.  2nd Ave Deli etc..If you don't get to this place you are really missing out....just please please go.  Pancakes, great smoked fish, friendly staff..... irritable old Jewish people waiting and line and complain about everything (my father).  It is just in our blood...  Food is a little steep but I just cannot really say enough good things.
PS, they have added a few burger options now, pastrami burger, corned beef burger, pastrami cheese steak.....hmmmmmMy partner and I got a corned beef sandwich, which was big enough to split. It was an incredible sandwich! Delicious and filling. The only reason this is 4 stars and not 5 is the price. No sandwich should cost $18.Went later in the day to avoid any Sunday brunch crowds. Sandwiches were huge, service was prompt. This was my second time here and it did not disappoint! Will definitely be going back.Amazing bakery. I love their enormous black & white cookies and they make the best chocolate chip cookies in Philly.Got a huge slice of German Chocolate Cake for $9.50. Absolutely delicious and will last our family of 4 days before it's gone.The atmosphere is awesome- I love the window seating and the tile floors/windows.  I like all the ads showing 4th's history on the walls.  I like the layout and hustle bustle.  I worked at the now closed pink rose across Bainbridge for years and lazily never ventured over.  I want to come here every weekend- maybe try some weekdays after work also.
I got a salad it was fresh and humungous and I loved their honey mustard dressing.
My boyfriend got some type of huge ruben sando.  
The pickles put on the table before the meal are so yummy.  Portions are huge.
The only disappointment was the baked goods.  Psyched after the meal, I wanted to get some bread.  The bagels, in my opinion, may as well have been bought from a super market and the loaf of rye was all around too soft and wonder-breadish for my liking (although makes for some killer grilled cheese bread I found out later that day when I was home).  The flavor of the bagel was good, but I am a texture and consistency kind of person.  I got a chocolate dipped macaroon because I was obsessed with those when the pink rose was open.  Yummy very very yummy and the chocolate chip cookies were also very yummy and well done how I like them.
The prices for the baked goods were surprisingly inexpensive!  The sit down menu items are more and should be because the amount you get and the superb quality.Houston, we have a problem! Or shall I say Philadelphia! Their cakes! These cakes are the best cakes I have EVER eaten. Im a cake aficionado and these are it! Moist, fluffy, perfect icing to cake ratio and just YUM! Oh, and did I mention they are HUGE! You get a huge slice of cake big enough for 4 people! I have tried their Banana cake, checker board cake and lemon coconut. I cant wait to try the rest. I look forward to eating these once a month as I have lost 70lbs and only treat myself once a month and let me tell you, this cheat is well worth it! Go get a slice!I've made a personal vow to never live more than 3 blocks away from Famous 4th Street Deli. Luckily, there's two locations.
The sandwiches here are absurdly massive. The pricing is a bit steep but considering any item on the menu could be satisfyingly consumed by 2-3 people, it's not too bad.
I'm a human garbage disposal but regardless I don't operate under the expectation that I'll be able to finish any one of their sandwiches by myself. I eat half, be stuffed, and plan to take the other half home.
As I found out, even their Famous Chicken Soup could easily feed 4-6 people a single serving. (They suggest it serves 2...)
At any rate, everything I've had here is absolutely phenomenal, their chicken soup is probably the best I've had, ever.My wife and I and two small daughters moved to Philly from Brooklyn a few years ago and this place makes it feel like we never left.  (In a good way, to be clear.) To anyone who says the breakfast is expensive, I say this - eggs, a bagel and potato pancakes - $7.  done and delicious.  Yes, the coffee is $2.75 and if you want meat the price nearly doubles ($5 for a side of bacon!!), but you can get a wonderful breakfast for under $10 and let your tourist friends buy the $20 option.
I've never been to the location on 19th, but the one on 4th Street is, well, the "4th Street Deli." Anyway, I prefer not go to 19th Street to go to "4th Street" - I like the 4th Street "4th Street Delicatessen" because its on 4th Street and I like my restaurant names to make sense.  Got it?  (disclaimer - I live a block away.)
Screw brunch, this deli is fantastic.  And they know what "over easy" means.My boyfriend calls 4th St.  "The Land of Giant Foodses"...
There's just no way to argue with that.  I got a ham sandwich, and I think it was probably the largest one I've ever seen in my life.  The food was quite good, and of enormous portions, followed by a slice of tasty godzilla-sized cake.  We shared it, and then finished the other HALF the next day.  I can't fathom how it was cut, except with a saw.  (See posted picture, with forks and hand included for perspective!  Eek!)
I'm not sure that this is the sort of place I'd go on a daily, weekly, or even monthly basis... but it's definitely a great place to go to show off a local eatery to folks from out of town.REVIEW based solely on take out cookies!
The chocolate dipped macaroon was just ok.  I need crunchy exterior and hard dark chocolate sheltering a moist white coconut interior and my needs were not met.
Plus, I bought 3 cookies and the bill came to $8.50! wow.  That is just too expensive for me.  but i wanted.What a perfect sandwich for a cold rainy afternoon. Smoked turkey reuben-awesome eats!  Just funtastic messy yummy goodness that I ended up splitting with my sister. What a freakin huge sandwich!!! I love pickles but sometimes the deli ones are too strong and upset my stomach for days. Today I discovered a "half-done pickle"! Its more of a cucumber taste than a pickle. Crunchier and less vinegar and pickling spices. Very fresh tasting! What's great is you get a big pile of them while you wait for you food. I love this place. I must come back and try their breakfast! Just when I thought I couldn't eat another bite they give you a piping hot chocolate chip cookie-fresh out of the oven! And I thought that was all could shove into my petite little body (well not after today's lunch) when I spotted free samples of huge chunks of  black forest cake! Just as good as the Kibbitz Room in Cherry Hill!I love this deli. We went with our great friends to the 4th St. location, and had an easy time getting in - even on a recent spring Saturday. The food was delicious, the service was excellent, and the portions were out of control (which is the mark of a great deli in my opinion). I had to walk 3 miles afterward to feel normal again, but this place rivals anything in NY - and could even be in my Top 2 deli's of all time. My other favorite is in NYC, but Famous 4th St. is right there in the mix. I will keep going back and trying new things from the menu.Great historical atmosphere. Large doesn't even come close to describing the portion sizes here. Be prepared to share, or take home a bag full. Love taking out of town guests to Famous Fourth Street Deli.Pros: Very large sandwiches that you wouldn't get anywhere else! Ordered Corned Beef Reuban with potato pancakes. The same meal President Obama ordered at the same table. Service was good with even cookies at the end of the meal :) 
Seated right away.....HINT: come 15min before Noon to beat the lunch rush. After finishing our meal the line was out the door
Cons: Price was $22 for meal or $24 for the larger one. A tad salty, but what to expect from lunch meat. 
A lot of famous people have came to this restaurant and would recommend for the enormous sandwiches and experience.This is the best breakfast place in Philadelphia.  Never a line, and more food than one person can comfortably enjoy.
Try the omelette (6 eggs), or the corn beef hash.
Pickle and sour kraut dish that comes out after you sit down is great.Last Sunday we took a friend there for his birthday-we had a party of six-two of whom had never been there-and everybody loved the food! My bialy with nova was to die for, my husband's enormous pastrami omelette was fantastic, my friend who had never been there had a lox and onions omelette and was delighted with it. The oohs and ahs were palpable. I wish I could have brunch here every weekend. Plus, although they don't serve liquor, you can bring it, but they are not permitted to touch it. So we brought a bottle of champagne, and added it to the delicious fresh OJ to make Mimosas. What a feast!Very traditional deli. Extremely generous portions, which are great for sharing. The mini chocolate chip cookies that come with the check are an added bonus. I would go just for the cookies!Delicious food and a great spot for breakfast. The portions are HUGE so my suggestion is be prepared to share. I can certainly see why this spot is famous!I was first and only customer to enter the deli for breakfast.  As I approached the dining area I choose to sit at at table along the low wall .  As I sat down the manager told me to move to one of the tables near the glass wall. I looked at him in shock. He said he has every day cu stomers who come in and he would like them to sit at this table. As I walked over to the other table I realized I must be crazy to except this. I decided to leave. I purposely sat in my car for awhile to see customers  come. In the mount of I time  I would have had my breakfast. Not one person entered during this time. This would not have happen if Russ Cowan still owned the resturantI went to this fine Jewish style,but not kosher delicatessen twice last week and I liked it very much.I had a delicious,humongous pastrami sandwich on pumpernickel bread with a few tasty potato pancakes,plenty of cole slaw and pickles.I also liked the ambience and service at this haimische establishment near vibrant South and 4th Streets.This place is a massive pig out.  Portions are HUGE.  Sandwiches are really good, as was the french toast.  The cookies and rugelach are really, relaly, really good, but I'd stay away from the rest of the desserts.   I liked this place, and it was part of my routine when I lived in the neighborhood.  The biggest problem you're going to have is the feeling of regret after pigging out like that.  To avoid the problem, share a dish between two peopleThe food is great. Everytime I come in I try something new and I haven't had anything bad yet. The portion sizes are ridiculous. You will have left overs guaranteed.good food and large portions.... leave hungry... its your fault.  I do love lunch service far better than breakfast.  Bagels are good !   Corned beef sandwich is a heap of well over a pound of great corned beef cooked to perfection.  The bread is the signature top off.  Don't forget to have dessert on the way out.. that too large portions.... love the cookies!Great monster size sandwiches. Go for the pastrami on rye you won't be disappointed. The health salad an pillars are too notch. And the free chocolate chip cookie is a touch at the end.This is without hesitation probably the best Jewish deli in the country. Sandwiches are unbelievable and will have your mouth doing backflips. I now live in Seattle and could only dream of having a place like the Famous out here. I grew up in Philly and can remember going to the Famous as a small child with my uncle on Sunday morning who only lived a block away from this place. The Famous is a must if you are in South Philly. Put this in your must do list as you won't regret it.I got the Zaftig Pastrami.... OMG. It was $25 (bill ended up being $31/32 after tax and tip)
I wasn't able to eat even half of this so I would def recommend to share it. 
The good: The portion was HUGE, i had leftovers for days. They give a side on the side (I got potato pancakes) and as you wait they give you pickles and coleslaw.
The bad: after about 10 minutes, I was sick of the taste and just felt gross.
I will def return to try some of the other items and dont worry, I will share this time :DOur favorite deli in Philly.
We love breakfast: the potato pancakes are a guilty pleasure. Usually get the nova lox - what a treat. Great omelets - fluffy rolls of delight. Good service. Sometimes they give us free danishes while we wait for our breakfast. 
We often go for lunch, sometimes on the same day: huge sandwiches, great for leftovers. And the cookies - they give you some small ones with your check but go grab a dozen for home.This place it top notch!  I have tried many corned beef sandwichs in my days and this is as good as any in NYC! Shared the gian special soup featured on food network.  This might be the best soup we have ever had.  It is giant but serves 4 people.  Theyt did wrap the rest to go for us.  It's bow ties, rice, chicken, carrots, fried onion and this fantastic delightful dumplings with beef brisket inside.  We shared that and shared the corned beef on rye with swiss cheese.   I wish I lived a little closer to this gem but it's closer than NYC or Harold's in Jersey.   The coookie everyone raved about was good but not as good as everything else.  My only regret is not saving room for the coconut cake.  Next time will get the beef brisket sandwich and the cake and get the soup to take home! Also the service was great too.I dream of the smoked turkey reuben, best and largest sandwich I've ever had! Everything here is great, service, ambiance, cookies etc.I admit, after walking by here many times seeing the massive cakes in the window and guests attempting to eat sandwiches piled high with meat..I was a bit intimidated and it took a bit of convincing before I agreed to pay 4th street delicatessen a second visit.  I ordered the eggs- over easy with a side of fresh fruit and a bagel.  My eggs were cooked perfectly-not too runny not too overdone. The bagel was fresh and toasted to my liking.  My boyfriend got the eggs scrambled with potato pancakes and a bagel. His eggs were perfectly cooked as well, potato pancakes were delicious.  We shared a side of nova salmon which was probably the best I've had in Philadelphia- very fresh and tasty.  Our waiter was friendly and very attentive.  Overall, a simple classic breakfast.  I will definately return.    
Chocolate chip cookie was the quintessential end to a perfect breakfast.The 4th Street Deli is Always good. I recommend the matzoh ball soup and the hot Pastrami Reuben, but there isn't anything on the menu that's bad. I just love this place and its old school charm. Go and make it one of your favorite Philly spots too!This review is for the service received on the take-out bakery side of this business. There were no other customers in line. My daughter and I were gawking at all the yummy pastries in the case. Nothing was labeled. We ordered 1 eclair to go. I asked the server if he could cut the eclair into 4 pieces and he said that he couldn't. Huh? He did point out that there were plastic knives available. The eclair was huge! Too much filling for me, but the rest of my family enjoyed it.To quote Tracy Jordan in 30 Rock "I love this place so much, I want to take it to the back of the middle school and get it pregnant." 
I've been here twice within a month, and that's unheard of for me. I'm a bit annoyed at myself for not coming here sooner. Especially before my health kick phase, since I won't allow myself to eat a whole pastrami sandwich now. I just nibble at my companion's fallen pieces that escapes his sandwich. No shame. 
So far I've gotten the lox platter, chicken soup, and lox and onion omelet. I love the little additions you get, from the before meal pastries, the various side options, and the after meal cookies. All of the food have been generously portioned and delicious. To top, I've always had friendly service here. One time when I was waiting in line, they had samples of cakes on the counter. 
I think I'll go back sooner rather than later.The portions here are insane! You get so much that you will have to save some for later.  I have been here twice and if you have time to sit down and enjoy a good sandwich you should the atmosphere is great and relaxed.  I had a turkey sandwich and enjoyed the pickles that came with the meal.  YUMIf you like stuffing yourself until there is sandwich coming out of your ears, eat at Famous 4th and eat the whole sandwich.  There's enough meat in one of these dealies for an entire weeks worth of lunches.  So what might seem like a hefty price to pay for a turkey club works itself out if you don't mind spreading it out.  The cookies are really good.  I even broke the dairy-fast for a bite of chocolate chip.  MmmMmmMmmmmm. Oh, and black and white cookies actually contain no dairy so SCORE!
Also, the bagels are real and not just lumps of dough with holes in the middle.  I'm a big fan of that scenario.Every time I'm on South Street, I see this restaurant/bakery, but had never had a chance to stop in.
However, I ended up stopping in to grab a drink while I was walking back to my car from a night of shopping. 
They had huge treats in their bakery cabinet; the cakes could feed a nice sized party or gathering of people, and the eclairs were the size of hoagies. Lots of oversized goodies in that display, and from the other reviews, it sounds as if the regular food is that way as well.
Next time, if I happen to have $8 in my pocket, I'm going to take it as a sign of fate and get one of those eclairs!I love a good hot pastrami sandwich.  I heard a lot about this place and their behemoth sandwiches and monumental corn-beef hash dish.  I decided to visit to see what all the hype was about.  First of all, the menu items were a bit pricey for lunch and breakfast.  However, the portions are ridiculously huge.  I'm talking a mountain of hash and a sandwich you would have to unlock your jaw in order the take a full bite from top to bottom.  The pastrami was probably the best I've ever had and the corn-beef hash was saturated with chunks of delicious corn-beef brisket.  No skimping here!  I could only eat half of the sandwich and some hash.  I took the rest home and enjoyed the same experience the following day!I've lived in Philly for four years, and let me tell you, football Sunday would not be the same without Famous 4th. I wholeheartedly recommend some things that have never let me down: 1. Corned beef Reuben. Standard, delicious, gigantic. 2. Shrimp salad sandwich, for when you want to be slightly "healthier" (real, big, beautiful shrimp, touch of dill, just delicious, and while I love seafood, shrimp is my least favorite type. But I swear they must lace the shrimp salad with crack, because it is straight up delicious). There are other delicious things: the pastrami, lox platter, challah french toast. 
I recommend going easy on the omelets, the husband loves them, I do not. We did receive a soggy omelet due to the mushrooms, beware the mushrooms (omelets surrounded in mushroom juice are just unappealing). But who are you kidding? If you get a mushroom omelet at Famous 4th, you're asking for it. (Go with the omelet filled with pastrami or corned beef instead, or really just go for the sandwich.) 
Service is always spotty, but friendly. Perfect place to bring in the paper, order yourself a sandwich, eat half (a quarter?) and then bring home the rest for dinner and the next day's lunch. 
Take some hamentaschen for the road. Prune and poppy are traditional, but I like 'em all, including the nontraditional cherry.We had a great dinner here tonight. The service was great . The soup, the quality of the corned beef , freshness of the bread, all great. 
I grew up in NYC and have eaten in all the great Jewish restaurants, this one is as as good if not better .Literally ordered the menu and everything was such a great experience... I am leaving them at a five star because of the food and the atmosphere but the service could use a little help. Some of the attitudes in this place aren't the best and it's not the first time I have had this conclusion here.Massive home cooking portions. Always hits the spot. The little sides that come with everything are awesome. Efficient friendly service that's not afraid to give you recommendations or warn you when you're about to order your own weight in food.Maybe New Yorkers need to come to Philly to get New York deli. Try the chicken soup with kasha for a twist on the traditional soup. The lean corned beef was delicious, sour pickles are nice and garlicky, and potato pancakes like mom would make if she made them.Oh my, this place is amazing. It's a definite must do when in Philadelphia! I got the Pastrami Rueben, and it was better than Katz deli in NY!!!! Do it!Best deli ever! We came and stopped here again on our way  from Boston to DC just for the best Reuben sandwich ever! Huge! And I love the salad and pickles and the free cookie at the end!The sandwiches are too big for my preference, but the service and the decor are good.
But, really, I'm only leaving this review to say they have THE BEST chocolate chip and chocolate chip and walnut cookies around!!!  I often stop in to get 1 for $1.35.Yeah, it's expensive... But if you'd pay $8 for an 8 ounce burger, why not pay $20 for a 22 ounce sandwich?
Try the pastrami!I haven't been there in a while, but they're the best. I love the lox, cream cheese, tomato an onion on bagel...mmmmm goodThe best deli in town. Amazing latkes, bagels, fish, chopped liver, corned beef, pastrami and cookies!  Serious competitor to the best of NYC like Katz's and Russ and Daughters.If you have not been to famous 4th street - you're missing a real treat. The turkey sandwich with potato pancakes was perfect, the " Franklin " sandwich was unbelievable!! The staff was great, the menu was tremendous - I'm going back for breakfast.Our new favorite place to eat. If only we didn't live in California!! We found this place off of yelp and decided to try it. We ended up going back a second time within 2 days!! We ordered he Franklin ave and my husband and I had to split it because of that size! It was well worth every penny!!!got the sandwich on monday, finished it on thursday.  damn tasty corned beef, even after a few days.  can't wait to go back for more meat.
$19 for the sandwich/4 meals = $4.75 per meal
heyooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooI went here with my wife, my father, and my wheelchair bound grandmother. There was no wheelchair ramp in the front but no big deal; I carried my grandmother up the steps into the restaurant. Once we had ordered the waitress came back out telling my father that the lean roast beef he had ordered would not be to his liking. He was confused and asked why and how they cut the meat when the owner (who had been sitting at a table I'm guessing to make the place look busy) stood up and told my father that he REFUSED to give my father roast beef and would only serve him turkey. Now my father had only made an order and asked for "lean roast beef" at this point. We were so confused as to why the owner would stand up and make a scene; embarrass himself and his establishment. I asked the owner if we could at least see a slice of the roast beef to make sure everyone would be happy but the owner refused us even that. No manners, no service, no customer enjoyment, and in the end we got up and left because the owner is such a raving lunatic. What owner stands up and yells at a family with a crippled old woman and refuses to serve items off the menu? Obviously the meat was bad that day and the owner is a moron. Stay far away unless you enjoy eating in the company of a shameless business owner who has no morals or dignity. We were absolutely disgusted with this place and felt awful for the work staff who apologized to us and had obviously been through this circus show more than once.Talk about a Philly staple- this place is THE place for authentic Jewish delicacies. Got a friend in from New York? Take them here!
The serving sizes are more than generous and you are sure to leave full so make sure you come on an empty stomach.
On my opinion, this is the only place to get a lox bagel or pastrami.I had a cheesesteak and my husband had a turkey sandwich. Yes, the portions were huge, but that doesn't really make up for the mediocre food and high prices. Sandwiches do not come with French fries, but you can order some for $6 (on top of your $18 sandwich). We don't regret trying this place because it seems to be a staple in Queen Village, but we won't be back. There are so many places with better food, more reasonable portions, and better prices. I think you should try it if you like giant sandwiches in a traditional deli setting, but don't expect the moon here.Went here for lunch today. Two of us split a smoked turkey sandwich. The rye bread is excellent--soft in the center with a chewy crust. The toppings were generous and fresh. The turkey itself was very good--although it tasted more pickled/brined to me than smoked--but there was a ton of it. I was expecting that, which is why we decided to split a single sandwich, but I don''t know how someone eats one of those things with that much meat on it. I mean, who can actually take a bite that big?
We got the potato pancakes on the side, which were great. And at the end we were surprised with two chocolate chip cookies, which were pretty much perfect--crisp at the edges and chewy in the center with chips that were still slightly melty from having been freshly baked.Let me start off by saying that I have LITERALLY been coming to this place for over 20 years now. It's my dear and darling grandparents' favorite deli in Philadelphia and we usually celebrate at least one birthday a year here. I've seen every staple "life" server, mourned one or two deaths of them, and experienced this restaurant through all 3 owners of the place. Please don't find me full of myself when I say that I am probably one of the few people on Yelp who can write a "true" review of this place because I've seen every incarnation of it. 
Famous' at this point in time is definitely a tourist attraction, especially considering they now have other branches of the deli throughout the city. This one is the original and therefore the best. It's a large (yet cramped) restaurant covered in white and black that transports you back in time to the 1960s or 1970s due to said decor and all the pictures of famous customers on the wall. The first thing you will see when you walk in is a huge counter full of pastries, followed by a fish and deli counter, soda/juice coolers, and finally the open kitchen. Trust me, any good deli will have the majority of those things so you know this place is legit. 
The menu itself can be overwhelming. It hasn't changed TOO much over the course of the years, but it contains all the staples that you would hope to find. For a good half of my life I only got the mazto brei with cheese because it's just that damn tasty, but you really can't go wrong with anything. The nova and onion omlette with american cheese (which I had today for brunch, thank you very much) is my new favorite, but definitely choose that over the salty lox. It's plenty salty by itself. The reubens and sandwiches are worth every single over-priced penny and just may be bigger than your head. You seriously get like a pound of delicious meat. Pro tip: ask for extra bread and split it with another person. The sandwiches will still be huge but at least you'll be able to fit your mouth around it. 
Also they have Doc Browns soda. My heart sings every time I drink their diet black cherry liquid of Hashem. 
Why not 5 stars? Like I said, I've been coming here for YEARS. Over the course of it being sold by the original family to someone else to BACK to the Auspitz family, the prices have practically doubled. Yes, the portions are huge. Yes, you can make your brunch there last through dinner. But it is extremely intimidating to see an $18 price tag attatched to some of their sandwiches. Also, as delicious as their free chocolate chip post-meal cookies are, the quality has gone severely downhill, which leads me to believe that their cookies and pastries in general have gone down hill. What used to be a warm and gooey sphere of diabetes-inducing heaven is now a small, cold, hard, and crunchy (but equally good tasting) brick. Don't get me wrong, if you put a cookie in front of me I'll eat it but it bums me out because I know what it used to be like. 
I definitely still come here several times a year, though because let's face it - there is not a single good Jewish deli in the city besides this place. Make your bubbi proud and go here often. You're looking too thin anyway, as she would say.What an outstanding authentic deli!!  The pastrami was unbelievably tender and when combined with fresh rye bread and sauerkraut; the perfect sandwich.   Unfortunately, the sandwiches are rather large, so I could not try the five layer chocolate peanut butter cake.I'm a New Yorker and I love a good Jewish deli. The sandwiches did not disappoint in size or taste. Love the pickles, bread and slaw that came out at the beginning of the meal. The only slight disappointment was the matzo ball soup. The matzo ball was huge and good, but the broth was underwhelming in flavor.
Our check came with a cookie.
Definitely plan on heading back for latkes and perhaps their amazing looking dessert case.I have lived in the city 10 years within walking distance to Famous Deli- We have been there many times- The owner alone is a good reason not to return. He is the rudest person ever and it has rubbed off on his employees too. After hearing they were sited for health reason on TV we didn't return for years . I recently ordered a Passover dinner. The brisket was so dry and full of gristle.  For $25 per pound it should have melted in your mouth. When I called to tell them, they hung up on me.  Hymies is $17 per pound and always fantastic. Next time I will make the trip. I usually go to Hymies but I decided to try Famous again- Never will I go back. I learned the hard way.I challenge anyone to find better corned beef and pastrami in the city.  By the way, Murray's and Famous in the Northeast are incorrect answers.
Their smoked fish products are top of the line, as well, and their chicken soup is to die for.  Oh yea, the knishes, roast beef, and turkey are amazing too... really, everything here is great.  And don't forget the rye bread; toast it and butter it up... outstanding.
Their meats are fatty and salty, but that's the way it's supposed to be.
Deli prices are high, but its the best.  Sit down prices are not bad when you consider that leftovers will last a week.This is the best deli I have been to in Philadelphia hands down.  It is everything one would want from an old deli in an old part of the city.  Casual, a sense of history, sandwiches the size of your head, GOOD sandwiches.  I did not have desert, but by the looks of them, I would have not been disappointed.
They provide a cookie for desert (I did not eat mine), but the cookies are so good they opened an other shop in Reading Terminal just to sell them (I have had them, they are just as good as the sandwiches).
The sense of community is so great here, I doubt any local politician has passed it up in half a century. 
Go here, you will get great food and enough to filly you up, and to give half a sandwich to someone in need.Such a gem of a deli. The best NYC-style deli around. The sandwiches are huge but delicious, the the matzoh ball soup is a must-have, and the breakfast is great! Come hungry, leave stuffed!!the prices here definitely border on obscene, but they do give you a good amount of food for the money and the quality is high.  if you can afford it, it's worth it as an occasional splurge.
every now and again, i get a hardcore craving for their kasha knishes and it gnaws at my brain until i finally give in and go buy one.  they are just shy of dripping butter and require a few napkins.  the filling is heavy on the black pepper which always tastes freshly ground and is wonderful. they make a great (although admittedly junk-food-ish) lunch and in the winter they keep your hands warm as you walk! twofer!I had the chance to stop in for a late lunch around 3pm on a week day.  When I walked in there wasn't anyone at the counter so my order was taken immediately.  The sandwich I chose was the Franklin Avenue: Corned Beef, Pastrami, Swiss, Cole Slaw & Russian dressing.  One of the highlights of this sandwich is that the meat was warm.  Obviously its a huge sandwich ($22.50) so I got three meals out of it.   The only negative part of my meal was the pickle.  I think it was the worst tasking food item I have ever had.  I'm not knocking a star off because I came for the sandwich and it was the best I've had.  I will be back. *400th ReviewI had to take a break from eating, feels like Thanksgiving!  Food portions huge, I have enough for maybe two breakfasts! My husband got the "2 egg scramble", more like 6 eggs, wow! Friendly staff, worth every penny! Wish we lived in the city or they open one in the burbs!This place is amazing. First, you get pickles and slaw, as a free appetizer. Next comes the bread and roles, the rye bread is wonderful.  Now order ANYTHING from the menu, anything...  I guarantee it will be delicious, and enough for 2 people, and you will still take some home as leftovers!I grew up a few blocks from this place, so when I and some of my high school friends were back in town for Thanksgiving and I was craving  classic bagels and lox, I thought The Famous!
It was a Sunday morning, pretty busy, we had to wait a bit which was no problem except that the staff was rude. I felt a bit embarrassed that I had suggested the place.
When we took a look at the menu, it was impossible to get a bagel with lox for less than $25. This is Philly, people, not Paris! I was shocked that it was so pricey. Not only that, but there are all sorts of complex rules about which dishes allow a side of lox and which don't. When the mightily expensive lox finally arrived, it was tiny, just two very thin slices, hardly enough to cover your bagel. For what they were charging, I expected almost the whole fish!
Those who didn't order bagels got egg dishes. They were so-so. Enormous, yes, but nothing to write home about. We didn't get doggy bags. All and all, I was upset that I had suggested the place. It didn't provide the food nor the ambiance for the kind of reminiscing with friends that I had anticipated.
That said, the decor is lovely, really a beautiful place.Fantastic.  A real great deli in an area that doesn't have a lot of great deli options.  The serving size is massive and the price fair.  Really an awesome meal and the cookies at the end were worth the trip alone.If you are in the center city and  really hungry, go to this place. Just don't forget to share. Portions are huuuge and delicious! Pastrami sandwich is amazing  and enough for two or three people! I was here 3 or 4 times and food never was bad.If you want to feel like you can't move for 3 weeks or go into a diabetic coma, come here. And I mean that in a really really good way.  
Just eat here if you like things that taste good.  
And I highly recommend the french toast. And the lox.
And you get free pickles. 
One time the corned beef destroyed me, I felt uncomfortable for 3 days. But it was so good. 
And I will probably be here again this weekend.
Don't forget the free chocolate chip cookies with the check.How have I not written a review for this place yet? I've been coming here since I was in college! What a wonderful Philly staple. What I love most about this deli is that the food is as INCREDIBLY delectable as it is impressive (size wise.)
I just love a smoked turkey sandwich with lettuce, tomato and cheese with a side of potato pancakes. What makes it even better? I get to have the other half for lunch the next day. The meat is so incredibly seasoned and FRESH. 
Not a "lunch meat" person? Get the challah french toast. You'll thank me later. It is a mountain of fried deliciousness. 
You know what else is great? Their matzah ball soup. Why you may ask? Because the ball is the size of a softball. 
And on your way out, get a piece of cheese kugel. When you're able to fully inflate your lungs again, pop that bad boy in the microwave for 30 seconds and dig in. 
I just love this place and its old school charm. Go and make it one of your favorite Philly spots too!Right off the bat, 5 stars for cleanliness.That might be strange thing to start with when there's so much to be said about the food, but everything on that table was just so clean!  I'm so sick and tired of sitting down for breakfast at even a "good" restaurant table where the condiments are grimy, the menus are sticky, or the silverware is stained. Here, everything gleamed.  A good start.
That being said, we had a perfectly delicious meal. My friend ordered matza ball soup and potato pancakes.  I ordered a toasted onion bagel with whitefish salad, cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, and onion; and potato pancakes.  We both ordered coffee.  It's been said a bunch of times how huge the portions are.  It's no joke. I couldn't finish even a half of my sandwich.  I would have liked to because the whitefish salad was so fresh and full of lovely, little chunks of fish.  I took half home with me.  Fifteen dollars for a sandwich is a splurge for me, but given the divine taste and the fact that it was 2-meals size, it was worth every penny.  My friend felt the same way about her soup.  She kept saying, "I'm too full," but she kept eating that soup. She did leave a little behind. The coffee was good.  Coffee preferences are personal. I like a mild cup of coffee.  So, I thought the coffee was good, maybe even delicious.  
Did we just get lucky getting such an attentive server, or all the wait staff so good at their job? I don't know.  This was my first visit.  I just know we had a great waiter.  He was attentive but not intrusive.  He brought my friend milk for her coffee without being asked because he overheard me asking her if she wanted creamer and she said, no, she usually used milk.  He brought me a take-out box and plastic bag without me asking.  He kept an eye on our coffee. He patiently answered our questions.  A great server for newbies like us. 
We had no wait for a table at 9:45 am on a Sunday, but by the time we left, all the tables were full.  I wouldn't have minded if we had had to wait though. For something like this, I would wait.  On the way out, I picked up a half dozen bagels and some whitefish salad to take back to Western Maryland with me where we don't have great bagels or fresh whitefish salad. I must say how much I appreciated that the lady put my onion bagels in a different bag from my plain bagels.I have been searching for a long time for a place that sells that sandwich the size of your head filled with tasty deli meat. Maybe these are easier to find in the east coast but I'm from a place where they stuff skinny sandwiches with arugula and goat cheese. 
I don't know if the corned beef was inferior or the pastrami was just so much better. If I came back I would just do pastrami. It was well seasoned and a little bit juicy. Cole slaw has a little sweetness which I love. But the rye bread I felt really set the sandwich apart. It held up to the meats and the crust had a little chew. 
It's also one place where the value might be a little off but I don't care. I'll definitely be back if I'm in the areaLet me start by saying that the portions here are huge. Like it's impossible to eat the amount of food they give you. I ordered matzo ball soup and a grilled cheese. It was like nothing I've ever seen before. This is a place is a real gem. The food is great. The bakery section is mind blowing. The service was fast considering they were busy it was lunch time. I'll definitely be going back!!amazing !! 4th st has amazing food and huge portions !! I've only been here twice but def will continue coming back. I had a burger today and could barely finish it because it was so big ! deliciousness in every bite. the service has been good each time and I enjoy the complimentary pickles/slaw and the cookies ! small homey touches that keep people coming back.I don't even know where to start when it comes to 4th Street. My husband and I took a Friday off to come to the city to get my rings cleaned and stumbled upon 4th Street after an arduous search for breakfast food at 11am (choices are minimal and apparently, since I'm not a big "bruncher" I didn't get the memo that brunch is only served on weekends at most places.  I'm so glad we didn't end up at a fancy brunch joint too because 4th Street was exactly what we needed. 
After being warmly greeted and seated our server brought over what is only to be described as a complimentary bowl of pickled cabbage with pickles on top. It was delicious and I even brought some home to put on my sandwiches for lunch next week.  We were starving and ordered the corn beef hash with eggs and chocolate Babka French toast to split. After our server gave us a sly grin, I told her we were starving and she said "Oh yea you have plenty of food coming your way". The people that began to sit near us ordered one meal to split between the entire table. I knew we were in for it and boy were we. 
It was an incredible amount of food that we barely made a dent into. We ate it for 3 days afterwards.  The corn beef has was the best I've ever had with the perfect balance of meat, potatoes, peppers, and onions. I loved how I could easily find crispy pieces of corned beef mixed in.  The chocolate Babka French toast we very rich and a little went a long way. Each meal came with a side of fruit or toast too! 
The amount of food was just beyond what I'm used to for a Philly restaurant and it was easy to see why this place is so famous.  I know exactly where I'll be stopping the next time I'm in the city craving a solid breakfast.There is no substitute for this place. Wish they stayed open past 9:00 on weekends as they came to table to tell us we needed to leave at a few minutes before 9:00. So we packed it in to go boxes and they followed us to lock the door. Good thing about late there was no line and food just as good as always!Delicious cakes. We got the strawberry cheese cake and the peanut butter chocolate one. Huge portions and they're worth the price.It was a beautiful Monday in Philly and four associates visiting from Raleigh decided to patronize 4th Street for lunch.  As it was a cold day the silly fools each ordered a soup and a whole sandwich.  Four soups and 4 sandwiches for 4 people at 4th Street for lunch.  It's a miracle they're still alive.  Read on as the story gets crazier.
If you have ever been to a Jewish Deli in NY City you know what to expect at 4th Street. Delicious ginormous everything at commensurate prices.  The sandwiches are so big that no normal person can eat one in a single sitting.  So go with someone with similar tastes and share.  There is another trick that savvy New Yorkers figured out years ago.  Ask for (buy) an extra couple pieces of bread and turn one monster sandwich into two huge sandwiches that you can almost get your mouth around.  By the way the matzo ball soup is unbelievably good.  Expect to pay $20 or maybe a little more for lunch but it will be great.
A weekend breakfast is also fantastic here but be prepared for crowds.  It pays to arrive early and they open at 8 AM.
So back to my four visiting fools.  Their day was done at 4:30 so they jumped in a car and headed to Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse for the all-you-can-eat Monday night buffet!  I can only imagine the tales being told back in Raleigh about Philadelphian's eating habits.As related to Philly Deli's, yea this is the Prime.
Prices are as huge as the sandwiches but their "Hook" is to give ya a HUGE portion and you take home the left overs. In essence, you pay and receive double the Portion.
The quality is good, the service is part of the fun. 
Very good food, and delicious Left Overs.
Next time we will try non-sandwich items. 
I don't think there is another Deli on Philly which does it like Famous which is a shame because it not like Famous reinvented the wheel here. Just think Philly just isn't a Deli type of city.Some of the best corned beef I've ever had. Go with a friend for lunch and if you're lucky you will both want the same sandwich...why?, because these sandwiches are huge enough to split. The Rueben (with corned beef) is a classic and my all time favorite. All sandwiches come with a choice of one side...I highly recommend the potato pancake or as some know them by, latkes. These are perfectly friend with just the right amount of onion to potato ratio. 
The desserts look absolutely amazing...problem is I'm so full I never order...that and they give you a complimentary chocolate chip cookie with your check. Service is friendly but at times not very attentive (refills on water or iced tea), that aside it's worth the trip to have lunch at this true Philly landmark.I hinted at my love of Famous in my not-so-glowing write-up on Zeke's. I hadn't been here in awhile so I was happy to pop by for lunch on the go, as a little reminder about what I liked so much in the first place. First, portions are gigantic and, if you don't have a huge appetite, are to be ordered with the intent to share or save for another meal. (Disclaimer: On my first visit, I attempted to dream the impossible dream and finish a corned beef sandwich on my own. Big mistake. Don't be a hero.) I don't know who's polishing off the supersize sandwiches, short of having a death wish. Famous is known for its chocolate chip cookies but the jelly cookies, which are the size of a Frisbee, are yummy. Same goes for the chocolate eclair, which a friend brought home one day and asked me what I thought was in the container. I weighed it with one arm and guessed that it was a chicken parm sandwich. How wrong.My wife and I hadn't been to the 4th Street Deli for about 20 years prior to our last visit. We had an evening event and stayed over in the city and decided to walk there the next morning for breakfast. I can tell you that nothing there has changed which is comforting. I hope they are around for another 100 years. The quality of the food is top notch and the portions are astounding. I had an omelette as well as the salmon hash and there is no way I could have finished both for breakfast. We brought the hash home and it made another meal.
My wife had the chopped chicken liver sandwich which we also brought half home and it made another meal.
We started out with a bowl of coleslaw and pickles which were a great start to the meal. 
Our server was prompt and polite and decor in the deli is something you can't find in too many places anymore. 
Great place for regulars and an even better place for people trying it for the first time or every 20 years!I only stopped in for carrot cake, but it didn't disappoint!  DE-LI-CIOUS!  It had a nice cream cheese frosting and wasn't overwhelmed with nuts.  The cake was moist but dense.  
I overlooked the chocolate peanut butter cake this time, but I'll be back to try all things sweet!I stopped pass with co workers..never witnessed or was a victim of abusive service ..or badd service..The food is plentiful, and served with a smile...You get alot of food and its quality....Anyone that I have suggested this DELI to, also enjoyed it.Wow, how amazing is this place?! Everything is exponentially enlarged here. Sandwiches are great and some of the best Nova salmon I have ever, ever, ever had...and I love Nova lox. The pickles are so good I got some to go home. We ordered the blintzes (they claimed 3 but it was more like 6) and the Nova platter.  It was enough food for 4 people.  The potato pancakes were done "right"! I would definitely come back here again.Really awesome soft chocolate chip cookies!! The cakes are also huge! Also the prices are pretty cheap which is great!I had been here once before and thought the food was quite good (if not a bit pricey) but after my most recent experience with Famous 4th Street Deli, I wouldn't eat here again.
Three weeks ago, I called to see if they could host an engagement party for me and 25 of my family members.  Nothing fancy, I just wanted 25 seats reserved in the same area of the restaurant (at an off-peak hour).  I was told, "No problem - just call back two weeks before and we'll set it up."  
Well, I called back today and have never been met with ruder service.  First I was told that there is no reservation policy.  Fine, I get it, the person who talked to me the first time made a mistake.  But I'm in a bit of a jam here because of her mistake - I didn't make a reservation anywhere else b/c of this and now I'm stuck trying to make a reservation for 26 people two weeks out.  So I ask to speak with the manager.
Instead of the manager, I'm given the most vile and rude owner I've ever spoken with.  Without even hearing my story, he gets on the phone and tells me (in a nasty voice) that "Nobody ever told you that we would do this for you because we don't take reservations."  He wouldn't even hear my story or my pleas that I am put in a super-terrible position now because of the mistake his employee made.  He told me several more times that no one ever told me this and then hung up the phone on me.
Good restaurants are not only about good food, but they are about good service and supporting nice local businesses.  You will never get my business again.I was extremely disappointed in my recent visit. I flew in from CA and went directly to the deli. $50 later for breakfast for 3 people .. really??Passover is only a few weeks away, but I was craving matzo balls. Badly.
I pass the 4th Street Deli on a daily basis. I've always wondered what it would be like to be on the inside of the window seats with plates piled high with pickles and gratuitous amounts of corned beef. I stopped eating red meat a year and a half ago and I do miss eating corned beef.  #jewishgirlproblems
Sunday morning came and went thanks to Daylight Savings and it was suddenly 1pm. Zack H and I walked the block to the Deli and Zack shook his head. Not waiting in this line, huh? I told him to give it 10 minutes and we'll assess the situation then. 15 minutes later, we were seated. Not by the window, unfortunately. By the bathrooms.
It was busy and we waited a bit to order. Zack got an egg and cheese sandwich with a side of hashbrowns which he loved, but my big ol' bowl of matzo ball soup was seriously disappointing.
Lukewarm, flavorless soup with a giant, dry matzo ball (steaming hot, clearly microwaved) plopped in the middle surrounded by overcooked bowtie noodles and a few pieces of chicken. College Inn chicken broth would have been better. 
The table next to us ordered a gigantic bowl of lentil soup, french fries, and a whole sandwich per person. I couldn't stop staring- the scene was gluttonous at best. 
I guess I'll never know if the corned beef is any good.This morning it was 20 degrees and the air was crisp. My fingers were almost blue. At the time, I was just hoping to find a yummy place to eat, I wasn't expecting an experience. I was drawn in by the many windows that allowed you to see the activity of the streets and secondarily because I was cold. I had no idea that I was walking into a renown foodie cuisine spot. I've never been here, so John my waiter assisted me in my order. He said they were known for their corn beef sandwiches, but what I didn't know until being served the corn beef omelette, was how insanely huge the portions were. 6 eggs.. packed with cheese... loaded with corn beef of an incredible flavor.. thennn you get the choice of fried potatoes, potato pancakes, or home fries.. (huge portioning) and THEN a bagel or toast... AND finally but certainly not least, a cookie with your check! Who is supposed to finish this? Not me, but I tried. The coffee is a classic cup of joe (it will warm your belly). The atmosphere is everything you would want of a downtown diner. Superb. I left with 50% leftovers, but I found a needy person who may be in want of food and shared the Famous love. Be kind and give where and when you can, yelpers. Thank you, Philadelphia!What a great place the atmosphere fits perfectly, and the food was great. I and a friend ordered the corned beef hash separately, well the portion could of feed the whole table of 7. My other buddy ordered the Reuben which was also gargantuan, insane establishment we'll be back for sureRidiculous portions. I would prefer more uniform quality to having to take home lunch for a week. Seriously, my wife ordered the corned beef hash. It was flavorful but dry - needed more binder. The portion itself was four lbs. I brought it home, added some mashed potatoes to bind it and made 14 patties. A lot of their menu items are first-rate, but it's just stupid to put that much food on a plate.Absolutely loved Famous 4th Street Delicatessen.  One of my favorite things on this earth is a reuben, and they really do it right.  Tons of meat (and we didn't get the zaftig, just regular), delicious sauerkraut, and a good amount of cheese and dressing.  I tend to be the type that wants extra dressing on the side to dip, and didn't feel like I needed it here.  
When my friends and I sat down they immediately brought out fresh rye bread and butter, cole slaw and an assortment of pickles.  It was all fantastic- the cole slaw had a distinct pickle-y flavor to it, the bread was soft and flavorful, and it was all prompt and bountiful.  My boyfriend and I split the reuben with a side of potato pancakes (which is apparently the meal that Obama had when he came to eat here) and wow it was fantastic.  We can both eat a decent amount, and one sandwich split between 2 was PLENTY.  Good thing when they cost $20!  The meat is piled so high (again, not the zaftig extra meat option) that you have to do some maneuvering to get it into your mouth.  Also the potato pancakes were fantastic!  Crispy on the outside, soft inside, great onion flavor.. I only wish they were bigger! 
At the end of the meal they brought out (free!) warm chocolate chip cookies which were also phenomenal.  Our server was quick and super friendly, and at about 8:00 on a Friday night it was mostly empty inside so we were seated immediately.  They have a ton of beautiful-looking sides, smoked fishes and salads on your way in that are really difficult to walk right by.  All in all, it was fantastic and definitely in my top 5 reubens I've ever had.  Can't wait to go back!A good deli is hard to find.
I'm from NY, so I have high expectations.
I've been here before and know they have good stuff.
So while I was in the City I decided to get takeout.
Pastrami/corned beef sandwich.
Hamentashen
Babka
Kishka (stuffed derma)
Chopped liver
Kasha varnishkas
Did I forget anything???
OK.
The sandwich was hefty and good, but can clog up your arteries.
The Hamentashen were surprisingly good.  Not 100% there, but even my husband liked them
The $18 Babka,,,,,,,,chocolate?  Where?  DON'T bother.  This must be a Philadelphia Babka.  
Kishka, ah they don't make it like they used to.  Yeck!  Looks like congealed fat.  
Chopped liver................taste it before you buy, mine turned sour within a day.
Kasha Varnishkas...............This was very good, but G-d forbid, don't put the gravy on it.
OK.  I will be back for sandwiches, but will be very selective about the remaining options.
The girl at the front desk who helped me was very nice.I'm sure some of you are mad to see three stars with this review, but let me plead my case.
The cookies here earn themselves five stars. The food here, however, I find lacking. The reason you'll find this deli on every Philly list is because sandwiches here are filled with about 56 pounds of your chosen meat. It is common here to see your fellow eaters unhinging their jaws like a python to get one bit of their sandwich. And because the sandwich is so jam--packed with meat, it is very dry. For a real sandwich I would recommend just going to Primo's.
Large portions go the same for other foods; the French toast platter is probably equal to a whole loaf of bread. And although you get free cookies at the end of the meal, they won't help you understand why a turkey and cheese on white is $11.
Of course, when it comes to large portions, there is one pro: desserts.What can I say about this place?!?  This is by far the best Jewish deli in Philadelphia.  I live on the other end of the city but I make it a point to eat there 3/4 times a year.  I have been going to 4th Street for over 10 years and I'm not exaggerating that I never had a bad experience with my food and the employees.  I'm craving a corn beef sandwich as I write this haha.  Additionally I give them credit for showing their support for the police when it's not the trendy thing to do nowadays.  Thank you Famous 4th Street Delicatessen; keep up the good work!!!EVERYTHING was delicious! We had the pea soup and each got a sandwich for lunch. We will have food for dinner for sure.I love the Obama's seat lol. Delicious food with huge huge portion. It's been around for a long time so definitely a place to go. I love their almost everything I had. Once you tried cakes here , you won't wanna go to other places :PI always get the challah french toast -- it's deep fried and the order comes with 6 big pieces which is usually enough to split 3 ways. It also comes with a side of fries or home fries.  What makes this french toast so good is that it's crispy outside, soft inside and the challah bread gives it a great eggy flavor. Every order comes with a bowl of cole slaw + pickles and chocolate chip cookies at the end.I'm so glad this place lived up to the reviews!  Every one on the staff was very friendly and helpful. Free appetizers, free cookie dessert. Huge sandwiches and desserts. We only spent 36 bucks for two people, we were both so full and had to get our apple crumb dessert togo. Awesome place!Jewish delis are my weakness! This one falls maybe 3rd on my list of favorites right now. Its much better than Harold's or Hobby's but not even close to Eppe's or Carnegie! I love that they give you a vinegar based cole slaw to start and fresh chocolate chip cookies to finish. Our waitress was ridiculously sweet and cute.  My corned beef was awesome I just wish the bread was a little better. I got it with a side of really good Russian and regular cole slaw. It took me 3 sittings to finish it so well worth the money.Had brunch on Sunday with friends.  The service was efficient and fast, and the food was quite good.  I ordered the lox, onion, and eggs.  It's a HUGE portion, so be forewarned.  I was hungry, but couldn't finish it.  It comes with a bagel, potato pancakes, sour cream, etc.  The lox was a bit too salty for my taste, but my dining partners said that is to be expected.  One of my friends ordered the Nova lox, onion, and eggs.  I tasted her dish, and it was much more palatable.  I would recommend that you get the Nova lox if you prefer your food less salty.  The pickles are excellent (got a container to go), as is the cole slaw.  Again, just be forewarned that the portions are very big.  One order is probably okay for two people to share.  I've been here a number of times over the past 10 years, and the food is consistent and good always.  You may have to stand in line to get a table, depending on the day, but well worth it.I am so unbelievably impressed with this place. For years, I would walk by here never giving it much thought. To be honest, I always thought it was just a corner store deli/bakery. I didn't know it had a whole seating area with a huge menu.
It looks like it was frozen in time from a more romantic, bygone era. The signage, the layout, the tile - everything just feels like you stepped into the 1920s, and it feels authentic, not forced. 
A group of friends and I stopped in for a late breakfast. We first noticed and commented on the variety of omelettes available and that it was all priced appropriately. What we were not expecting were the huge portions. I ordered the western omelette with a side of wheat toast. I feel like they gave me a half a loaf of bread and a whole carton of eggs. So impressed! 
Of bigger importance was their ability to cater to people with gluten sensitivity. Two of the people in my party have Celiac disease and need to avoid gluten at all costs - and for those who don't know, that includes cross contamination with utensils and cooking surfaces. We first noticed that the bread was being baked on an opposite side of the deli as the kitchen, which is a plus. Second, they were able to assure us that they can prepare the food in the kitchen gluten-free as well.
Everything was delicious (and gluten safe). Our server was excellent. The coffee was hot. The people-watching from the window was fun. I can't recommend this wonderful establishment enough.Not the best corned beef sandwich I've ever had, but it was pretty tasty. Definitely check this place out in Queen's Village. Authentic deli feel with great service. Also the chocolate chip cooks and fresh breads are to die for!This is one of my favorite brunch spots in Philadelphia. I've been coming here for years. Every year, my family buys half a dozen pounds of the smoked nova to take with us to the beach. It's excellent. 
Sometimes the staff isn't the most punctual, but the food makes up for it. Be prepared to spend 10-15 bucks a person. 
Recommendations: nova on a bagel, corned beef or pastrami on toasted rye, soup, corned beef hash. 
Fourth street, get some new bagels. Your bagels are 3 star in an otherwise 5 star food place.This place is a mainstay and it ain't goin anywhere. But it's a bit overpriced for what it is despite the fact that the staff are always super nice.Biggest sandwich ever.  My dad and I got take out here.  I am fairly certain the tuna fish sandwiches were an entire tuna fish. There had to be a pound of tuna fish on both sandwiches.   Each sandwich came with a side (fruit, chips, potato salad, etc).  The tuna fish was good and easily made another meal. 
We also got cookies and cake.  The cake is still in the refrigerator but the cookies have been delicious 
Would definitely go back! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because it was fairly expensive, especially considering it's a deli.  Sandwiches were $15 a piece.If you want a true NYC deli experience, this is where you need to be! Such a craving is exactly what sent me to 4th Street, and the experience is what will send me back!
I ordered the reuben on rye (amazing bread by the way) and it did not disappoint at all. Definitely the best corned beef in Philly! Sure, some say its a little pricy ($17.00) but I will be eating for days to come. Between the  complimentary pickles and cabbage to start and the awesome chocolate cookies with the check, the price was well worth it.
The best part, though, were the staff and fellow patrons. Everyone is friendly, chatty and warm. I felt like I was in my grandmother's kitchen surrounded by close friends and family. Can't wait to return!4th Street Deli is a must if you're in the market for fresh meats, breads and copious amounts of food.
Take it for what it is and don't complain about the portions, don't come if you don't plan on sharing or having leftovers for 3 days.
I'm always game for some type of Corned Beef situation, although this past time I got the Bay Street...it had 3 slices of bread and more meat...I just simply couldn't handle it.
Their matzo ball soup is outstanding although their traditional chicken soup is just ok.
Potato Pancakes and french fries are always fresh and potatoey.
My word of wisdom: Go with 4 people, get a soup to share, 1 sandwich to share, extra green pickles and a piece of cake to share. You won't need to be rolled out of there like Violet Beauregard!
Love me some 4th Street Deli...for days!I always go here for breakfast or brunch. What's great is even though the food is a bit pricy, you always have enough for a second meal. I order the platters or the sandwiches but I have had the matzo ball soup there and it is delicious. Just like my grandmother used to make and the matzo ball is light and fluffy. One of my favorite restaurants in Philly.Make sure to spend some time at the deli counter, checking out the delicious, and huge, offerings.
I must be honest and say I have never actually sat down here and dined.  I use them exclusively for their take out deli counter.  That said I have never had a meal I didn't like.Went there for a birthday treat. The zaftig pastrami on rye was immense and deliciously satisfying. The sandwich was so big that I was stuffed after only eating half of my share even after splitting it with a friend. The pastrami was some of the best I've had. Eschew the typical sides and get the potato lotkas. Fried,crispy and deliciously crunchy. The rye bread was toasted to a golden crisp just how I like it.
The waiter was friendly and attentive without being pushy. The waitstaff genuinely looked like they enjoyed working there, which I always take as a good sign. 
After the sandwich, the waiter gave us chocolate chip cookies on the house just because it was my birthday. We left a good tip and I'm definitely going back.This is a great little place to get a bagel and coffee in the morning. It's reminiscent of jewish, new york-style deli's complete with all the smoked fish options you can imagine. Their home made cream cheeses are SO good (go for the veggie) and their bagels are plump and perfectly toasted. The coffee is a little weak but good enough for a few refills.Wow- this place packs them in and turns tables fast, but I see why people keep coming. The hubby and I split an awesome corned beef sandwich on rye and fresh cut fries and it was SO MUCH FOOD! Granted the sandwich is $15, so it's def. meant to be split or at least feed you for two meals at the least! 
It was nice to finally get here and the sandwich was damn good, but I don't know how often I feel like paying that much for a deli sandwich and the fries were another $5.75. Kinda ridiculous, as it gives a real touristy feel because of that, but maybe that's because it is one. 
Service was quick and painless.love the portion, had the brisket and pastrami sandwich stacked high while my friend feasted on the dekalb and sumner.  didn't have the opportunity to try the infamous chicken soup...Call it the Infamous Deli and call it a day. Bad food, and plenty of it. Huge portions, for sure. But towering matzo ball in soup tasted awful. Ditto for the mound of kasha varnishkes. It was piled so high, impossible to eat. Tasteless, and hardly any noodles.
First and last time for me.Amazing place for meat lovers! Their portion is huge, two people can share one sandwich. The service was attentive and friendly. Will go back when craving some meat!WOW is all I can say... Went there this morning for the first time... We have lived in Philly for five years now and I am quite embarrassed that we have not been here sooner!! I ordered the Challah French Toast and they literally brought a LOAF of challah eggy goodness to the table.. I ate two of the pieces and brought the rest home for later.  SOOOOO GOOOOOOD!!! My husband got a ham n cheese omelet and it had to have been like 10 eggs.. SO MUCH FOOD!!! We now know for the next time to split something!  
It is  a cool place to bring out of town guests too!  The bakery/deli side looks amazing; however we did not try any of the goodies.  My husband said he wants an eclair cake for his birthday next year! LOOKS AMAZING!!! YUM YUM YUMThe Famous 4th Street Delicatessen definitely lives up to it's name! If you like pastrami this is the place for you. They start you off with a plate of cold slaw and various pickles. Your sandwiches arrive with delicious tender pastrami so thick that you need to nibble in from the corners. Just when you think you can't possibly eat anymore the check comes accompanied with chocolate chip cookies. Basically, you need to be rolled out of this place when you're done eating.Coming from New York, it is not going to be easy to find superb pastrami or corned beef with just the right texture, texture and melt-in-your mouth flavor.  I can't say the 4th Street Deli would top many New York Deli's in that area, but if you want
gargantuan (and I am not kidding) portions, and a true downtown experience you will find a home here.Potato pancakes are amazing!  My sausage and cheese omelette was superb.  The sausage was high quality, unlike much that you get at other breakfast spots. They also give you some pickles and coleslaw to start off with.  I normally don't like coleslaw, but I really liked theirs!Over rated but a classic.  I still enjoy going back every few years to get the feel of the deli. But enjoy pastrami more at other city venues more. I recommend going here and having a good timeThis deli has the most impressive sandwiches, overflowing with enough meat to feed a small army. The desserts are out of control, but the strawberry shortcake and the Boston cream cake are irresistibly delicious. This place should become a staple in every Philadelphian's "eating out" life.Definitely one of the top cookie spots in Philly. Chocolate chip and walnut chocolate chip are pretty perfect. They have just enough of that moistness a fresh chocolate cookie should have. And they always have plenty!As a Philly native, I feel lucky to have a place such as the 4th Street Deli.  I've been here a few times and I love the food.  From their pickle salad to breakfast sandwiches to their out-of-this-world soups, everything is super-delicious.
The only complaint I have is the portion sizes.  I was floored after a long hiatus from the Deli to go back and discover that not only did the prices triple, but the portions tripled alongside it.  I was there a few days ago and I saw a woman ordered a piece of strawberry shortcake and her expression (as that of her friend) was classic.  Her and her friend's eyes bulged out of their heads at the size of the piece.  Mine's did, too.
The size of that one piece of cake would be good enough for 2 or 3 days.  The same thing applies with their burgers, cheesesteaks, and soups.  Everything they serve is good for two and three meals.  
Other than that, the food is out-of-sight.  The service is great, too.I'm a fan. The sandwiches are huge and it's just such a solid place to have lunch. It's a little pricey but really I just eat half the sandwich there and I always eat the second half of it at home in the box. So it's like two meals. Really they bring out this little pickle bowl as a starter which is cool. Plus you get free cookies at the end that are tasty. So it's like a full meal and you have the second half of the sandwich. I always eat the first half for lunch and the second half for dinner because it's so tasy I can't wait till the next day. Try this place out for lunch with a friend or a date. Also check out the baked good on the other side. They always look and smell awesome.This place needs 10 stars to really let everyone know how amazing it is. The sandwiches are the freshest and enough for seven. The corned beef hash is amazing. The service is fantastic and the selections of Jewish style treats is second to none. We go there often and it's like home.I remember this place being a dump when I would go here with my grandparents. 
New owners, L&I came in and cleaned it up. Now its a respectable Jewish deli that Obama and his new healthcare plan may shut down for its artery clogging portions. But don't let your liberal bleeding hearts stop you from going here.
Breakfast is always a solid choice with a 5 egg omelet. Always bet on potato pancake (latke) as a side. 
Lunch/Dinner/Last meal: Deli sandwiches. I think they have this down to a science. Corned beef, pastrami, tongue, whatever they have you covered. The corned beef special or pastrami special or tongue special is always a good way to go. 
If you can eat a monster sized deli sandwich, you are a brother to me. (if you can eat it one sitting all the better)
Their smoked fish selection is also fantastic, Lox, Chubb, whitefish is all fantastic. I dont know where they get it from but I've been to Jewish Deli's all over and they have the best, freshest, tastiest ever. 
If I could afford it and fit it into my sandwich hole, I would order the entire menu. 
Fun for the hole familyI use to work at this deli and I'd have to say I miss eating these sandwiches three times a week!  Every time I revisit, I remind myself that it is the absolute best sandwich in the city.  Service is soso but when you have a line going out the door its not a priority.  
I love the smoked turkey rueben.  I swap out the crout for slaw.  The taco loco lunch truck and this sandwich are probably the most anticipated meals I can dream of in philly.You can't get a better sandwich in Philly, literally. Or bake goods. The pickles in the beginning are so good. Tuna salad is to die for.Stumbled upon this deli while walking down south street looking for a tattoo. On 4th st there is are 3 or 4 good tattoo parlors and the end on one of the far corners is this deli. We ate in the restaurant part. We had no expectations when we walked in just hungry. The food was awesome. I had the pastrami and egg sandwhich and my buddy had the french toast and we could not get enough of it. We both shared a side of potato pancakes were were so good. They were like fluffy deep-fried crowns. The price was average not cheap but definitely not too expensive. Staff was very nice and with all the pictures on the wall you get a real homey feeling.They weren't lying about the portion sizes: enormous. For $17 a sandwich, they should be so either decide on a sandwich that you can share with someone, or don't plan on eating later that day. I ordered the turkey reuben which was delicious, even the bread was a perfect compliment. Its the layers and layers of meat that make the sandwiches huge, and honestly, I think I would have preferred it to be smaller because the proportions are way off. I'll admit that I was super excited for the cookies that came with the bill. Kind of want to go back just for those cookies...Since I was dining alone I could order much but then it's hard to order light here.   
Bowl of Matzo Ball Soup and a side order of corn beef hash.   Love my Matzo Ball Soup.  Friendly service and I went at a great time so no wait.I stopped randomly with 3 friends after the South Street Festival last weekend. Everything about this place is big. The space itself was bigger than I expected and the food portions are insanely big! We ended up getting two sandwiches- the open faced hot brisket and the Lee Avenue (pastrami, turkey, Swiss, cole slaw, Russian dressing). We decided to split to save room to share one of the scrumptious desserts we saw in the case walking in. There was definitely no room for dessert! The sandwiches were huge. Our server told us, and we guessed based on the prices, but the four of us could have probably split a sandwich. The brisket was pretty plain, but I really enjoyed the turkey sandwich. The pastrami was warm, which was a really nice touch. The rye bread on both sandwiches was thick and hearty. Overall it was a pretty average deli experience. They get an extra star because I was so overwhelmingly excited to get a small warm chocolate chip cookie with the check. Bravo, free cookie was the icing on the cake!There are not many places I would give 5 stars to, but if there were more than 5 stars I would give 4th Street deli that and more. The pastrami puts Kats to shame. (originally from NY) Everything here is amazing.  Come hungry and you still will most likely leave with leftovers. You will not be sorry.THE BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICHES! Took my wife there for the first time. She loved it. Good old fashioned East Coast deli. Short walk from down town Phili. We ubered it there, then walked back to our hotel.Ok, this is almost embarrassing....we have been going on weekend trips to Philly for years and have never been to the Famous 4th Street Deli!!!! Why???? It was AMAZING!! Like stepping back in time, made me miss my grandparents. Super clean, old fashioned deli! Great atmosphere, great service, great food!! First the nosh....awesome cole slaw and pickles to start...then the food...to say that the portion would be an understatement...they were HUGE!! A side of corned beef hash came in a bowl that was filled as high as you could possibly go. Filled with meat, and perfectly cooked...eggs over easy again perfectly cooked and comes with 4 mini potato pancakes with this insane homemade apple sauce. Check comes with homemade chocolate chip cookies. Needless to say, we'll be back!!!Stopped by here on the way home from dinner looking for some dessert to go with our coffee.
All I have to say is: eclairs longer than my arm and as thick as my muscular calf.
P.S. German chocolate cake costs $8.50 and serves a hefty six slices. That's a well-spent $1.50/slice. UPDATE: It's more like eight slices. For those of you who are lazier than my cat that's about $1/slice.As soon as you sit down, ask for a to-go box - you'll need it.
This is my favorite place in the neighborhood for takeout.  Whenever I can't deal with cooking I drop in and pick up the matzo ball soup, which is made with *actual* chicken and vegetables and lasts me a few days.
If the price tag seems steep, just know that one serving of soup lasts me 3 days.  WhenI get the corned beef sandwich I get a week's worth of dinners so I don't mind paying $15.00. 
The baked goods are pretty amazing, too.  Make sure you take a look at the bakery case in the front and check out the pre-made salads.An absolute must stop every time we are in philly.   Everything from the cookies to the sandwiches to the chicken noodle soup is fantastic.This is my favorite place to get a huge meal. The atmosphere is consistently bright and cheery. The wait staff are experts. If you are looking for gluten free options please try ordering there turkey Rachel with no bread. Way more than enough food for two meals.Overpriced, greasy food.  Unfriendly service.  Absolutely no reason to go there.  So many much better places in the neighborhood.
Also, the huge portions are a waste of food.I don't offer 5 star ratings often but this was deserved.  Food, Service, and Atmosphere were all great.  Parking was not fun but you are in Philly . Amy was the pleasant and speedy waitress.  Walked in to smiles and the place was clean.  I had the pastrami Reuben and I only get it when at Carnegie Deli in NY (well I ATE THE ENTIRE THING) exceptional, mrs had the turkey club (way too big for one person) ingredients were fresh and delicious, princess had the thin grilled cheese she loved every bite.  We will be back soon!!!  So good!!!