After visiting for brunch this past weekend, it's really challenging to give Fare any less than 5 stars.  Fare is an upscale restaurant in the Fairmount district of Philly, just across from the Eastern State Penitentiary (which is a museum from a former jail that was closed in the early 70s). After learning that Fare closed at 3pm for brunch, we rushed over to see if they would still seat us about 2:50pm - there was no one else in the restaurant at the time (they close from 3-4:30pm to switch and prepare the kitchen from brunch to dinner service).  
With smiles, they welcomed us as long as we agreed to order somewhat quickly. That was only the beginning.  
Our server, Danielle, truly exceeded our expectations.  She offered exceptional service, while not being overly attentive.  The appetizers and food we ordered were amazing (from the Pikilia of Spreads starter, to the Gyro Platter, the Eggs Benedict, and both the Mixed Greens and Greek Salads with Chicken (and mediterranean spices)). Even the cocktails were delicious and on point.  
When one of us couldn't finish our meal, the restaurant offered to hold on to our to-go bag so we could pick it up after we visited the Penitentiary across the street.  
Fare really has it together and I would definitely return anytime I'm in Philly.I enjoyed lunch here with my parents. We decided to sit inside because it was a little too hot outside. The ambiance was nice and the restaurant is chic and comfortable inside. The service was just okay. Our waitress was very friendly but we found ourselves waiting too long for simple things such as having our water glasses filled. I ordered the burger and it was quite good. Really juicy and flavorful. My mom had the tuna melt with guacamole, my dad had the fish tacos. Both dishes were fresh and flavorful. I wasn't wowed by anything at Fare but I would return there for lunch. Overall a pleasant experience but not outstanding.I have been here several times and mostly enjoy sitting outside when the weather is nice. I have been here for lunch, dinner, and late night bites. More recently, I have enjoyed the bucket of pumpkin beers for $16. Food-wise, I have had their mussels, truffle fries, tuna melt, ceviche (not a favorite), kale salad with fried egg (not a favorite) and fried calamari. They have a happy hour but you must sit in the bar. I seriously hate when restaurants do that. I found out recently, they deliver too, which is a pretty cool service.Five stars for the food and two stars for the service. We went here with a party of eight for a birthday.  Our server greeted us but neglected to take our drink order. When we finally did have an opportunity to order drinks they were slow to come out. Other notable service fails - -- we were not offered any bread - as a rule I think that restaurants that charge over twenty dollars for entrees should have some type of bread offering. After our server took our order he disappeared and did not check on us. We told him one of our friends was having a birthday and clearly identified who but a desert with a candle came out and was given to the wrong girl. Other notable fails - out of the Pumpkin Creme Brûlée even though three people at our table wanted to order it. My friend's chair broke while she was sitting on it (the back fell off and she had to reattach it)
Now for the highlights - everything that came out of the kitchen was presented beautifully and tasted wonderful. We tried the salmon, the squash soup, the beet salad, and the fig creme brûlée. Other friends had the strip steak the bison burger and a flatbread.  A plus for food - -- staff just needs a bit more training and or a bit more incentive to get the job done right.
As a side bar a 20% gratuity was added to our bill.  I wouldn't have minded this if the service was good...but we already had that conversation.We arrived early for our tour of Penn State Penitentiary and we were starving. My husband absolutely loved his grass fed burger. I really liked my fish tacos as well. I was ecspecially happy to find a restaurant like this on our first day in Philly. We started our road trip looking to eat at locally owned restaurants and were happy to find a place with local fresh fare.Food serviceable, service awful. I would expect a higher level of interest/engagement from a counterperson at Taco Bell.This place is awesome! My wife and I just finished dinner here. The truffle fries are loaded with parmesan cheese and served with a chipolte mayo that is out of this world. The crab cakes are served with a sweet-and-spicey chili sauce that leaves you begging for more. The seafood pasta has more shellfish than the Chesapeake Bay.  If you're ever in the Fairmount area of Philadelphia, you have to check this place out.The food wasn't awful, but not worth the price and the ambiance/service did nothing to redeem it. The service was awful- our waitress was just the worst. She tried to embarrass my friend because he asked for bacon instead of ham on his eggs Benedict. Strange choice? Yes. What he wanted? Yes. That's all that should matter. I will say: the fries were bomb.Was in Philadelphia for the Army-Navy Game and the family decided to try Fare for dinner - yep based on YELP. Excellent choice.
We had twelve people in our group. Our server Leyla took excellent care of the group. We came in early so when we left they were getting really busy.
Food was good. We had the Crab cake entrée, flank steak (2) and chicken breast. 
Bathrooms very clean.
Only negative some of the food could have been a bit hotter (probably sat for a while waiting for the other foods). But I understand that - big party and hard to time 12 meals.
They are located near the Eastern Penitentiary - very interesting neighborhood. This place is worth a try.I was so excited to visit Fair during my visit to Philadelphia, that I studied the menu tonight before and knew exactly what I was going to order the "apple ricotta pancakes" they were calling me! Also perhaps a lovely cocktail to go with it. Yet when we stepped inside, instead of a friendly "hello" as you get in most establishments we were greeted with a nonchalant "may I help you?"  Ok, fine whatever, the hostess did say she was "on break" .  Then as we were hesitantly taken to our outside table where we were then ignored. A couple that came right after us were greeted warmly , the server went to them first and took their order . Suffice to say we left and went across the street to another establishment.  I probably will never eat apple ricotta pancakes ever again, not cool!I had high hopes for this place because it looked cute from the outside and the menu was nice. To start off with, we got seated at the outdoor covered side area which was way too hot. They need to have a fan or something going on! The air was completely stagnant and not fun to sit in (especially with screaming children). It got a little better when one of the waiters opened up the ceiling a little to let some air circulate. Then, the hummus plate had wilted celery that wasn't crunchy. Ew. Then, my meal was nothing great (the short rib wrap) and my friend's eggs in her eggs benedict could have been cooked more. The home fries were good though. Not impressed especially for the prices.Found after a day at the Philly Art Museum . Menu was amazing , started with scallop ceviche and the tuna tartare . Then the most delicate beet salad lightly dressed . For our main we had the Crab cake and seafood pasta . Both were succulent and seasoned to perfection . We finished with a flan that even being totally stuffed was worth every bit. If you are in Philly this is a must ! I will be back .Went here for a brunch with a group.
The service to the place's credit was excellent. Ordering to table was prompt. The wait staff was helpful and not pushy. Ability to make a reservation was a plus.
The food was ok, not bad, I expected better. Lobster grilled cheese was way over salted, grilled sweet potatoes were too mushy, shortrib Benedict was basically a shortrib beef sandwich with the egg and holandaise sauce on top. Way too much bread, none of the cheese as listed on the menu. It was served with a salad which felt, and tasted out of place on the plate.
Inside the decor was just kind of bland compared to it's close-by competitors.Visited Fare Thursday and enjoyed it very much. We spent the afternoon at the Art Museum and it was a short walk to the restaurant. We arrived early and sat at the bar while waiting for my brother. They have nice wines by the glass in the $8 range and offer "snacks" (like walnut/lentil dip or mini chicken meatballs) for $3 or $4. We tried the avocado, grapefruit, etc salad and Caprese, which were good. The duck confit, flank steak and salmon entrees were tasty, too. Nice apple cobbler for dessert. The service and ambiance were pleasant and the noise level provided a nice buzz, but didn't interfere with conversation. Overall, a good spot and a good value, too.Came here for a dose of Eggs Benedict, some smoked salmon and a good old fashioned Bloody Mary. Environment was chill and not crowded which always makes for better service. Food was hot and fresh with a tasty kugel fried style shredded potato pancake brick. "Fare" pricing for the quality, will be back another time. Good service too.One star with a large asterisk.
The asterisk is on account of the owner. We met him as we were getting ready to leave. He seemed like a genuinely good guy who cared about the restaurant and his customers. He was going around the place, table to table asking people for feedback. He informed us that they are having a very hard time because they were not prepared for the high volume of customers coming in, so they didn't have adequate time to train the staff and get into a rhythm like he would have preferred.
This is hardly a good excuse, because quite frankly, it wasn't that crowded, and telling someone you aren't prepared rarely sits well, but I respect that he had the gaul to offer it; therefor, I plan on going back in about a month or two because it has potential and it's always nice to see new places succeed in the area. Hopefully they get their act together.  
So on to the review...
Went to Fare last night with my girlfriend, and the entire operation was completely disorganized. The entire experience can be summed up with one word...waiting. 
We walked in and the hostess told us there were tables by the bar we could sit at as they had a lot of reservations that were going to be coming in, which was fine with us. We took our seats, and waited...and waited. After an awkwardly long wait, where we watched Fare's staff members running all around a random girl walked past our table and placed menus on our table and kept walking. 
Then we waited...and waited....and waited. 
A separate woman eventually came over after about 15 minutes and took our drink and food orders. She was nice enough I guess, but she left after taking our orders and not once for the remainder of our meal did she ask if either of us would like another drink. 
Then my girlfriends meal came out. 
And I waited, and waited and waited and counted 10 minutes. 
She ate the majority of what was served to her because I told her it was pointless to let it go cold while waiting for mine. After she was nearly done her meal my food came out with absolutely no apology or explanation.
Additionally, the girl who brought our food was seperate from the girl who gave us menus and the girl who took our order.
How many people does it take to wait on a table in a relatively small and uncrowded establishment on a Wednesday night? Weird.
The food was ok but I'm not even sure. I was so mad by the time it came out I wasn't even paying attention. The side of potatoes that came with my meal was barely cooked. For what it's worth, my girlfriend had the caramelized onion soup with grilled cheese, which she loved.
But when we were both finished, it was back to the waiting game. We waited forever for our check, and then once we paid, as expected, we waited again for our change. 
So like I said, I'll give them another chance, and hopefully they get it together because it has potential, but they have a LONG way to go in terms of service.Been to Fare lots of times, stopped in for dinner before a show last night with the boyfriend. We were greeted by host right when we walked in and seated. They had a few additions to the menu, but we ordered off the menu. We shared the Greek salad and a burger. We both had two rounds of delicious martinis :) The salad was very fresh and a big portion. The burger was cooked perfectly and the meat very tender. We were excited to see changes to the outdoor area coming along, it is always very nicely decorated with fresh plants and colorful flowers - which make the outside so inviting.Went for the Sunday Brunch with my husband.  The Breakfast Egg Burrito was delicious and quite filling, and the eggs were light and fluffy in the omelette - lots of fresh vegetables.  Even though restaurant was quite busy, service was excellent and friendly.  Will definitely go back again for lunch and dinner!!This place is growing on me, I must say. I've been several times with and without wifey and it just gets better. they have a great patio and a good happy hour. Some menu standouts are the farmhouse flatbread with bacon, apple and gruyere and the truffle fries.Leckeres Essen. Kann man nichts falsch machen, bestes Restaurant in der fairmount area.Wonderful experience at Fare. Servers were very helpful and friendly and it's situated in a great hip area, Fairmount. The food was great. I enjoyed every plate except that serving was a little small so I wouldn't suggest sharing. Other than that I would recommend this place for you and your girls or even for you and a date!Food was great, service was as well.  It was evident that everything was as fresh as it gets, and the ambiance was a perfect fit, it felt very "at home" .  Get the Farmhouse Flatbread, but as our server told us, "eat it slowly".  Thats a challenge indeed!I frequent this restaurant about every other week now. I love their expansive wine and beer menu. The new additions to their menu are truly great, the flatbreads, kale salad and especially the grass fed beef.Stopped in with a couple of friends for dinner and drinks. Had the soft shell crab. They were very small but they did have three of them. Preparation was good and dish was tasty. Service was ok. I would recommend as a low key place to grab a drink and something to eat if you were in the neighborhood.This is a great spot ... Great service and good organic food ... The Bronzino is the best in the city....The service here is not good at all, they dont seem to care to accommodate you pretty much take it or leave it attitude. If you're going to have that kind of service Im expecting the food to atleast be a 5 star..but that wasnt the case at all. It was dry, over cooked, and way too salty. I would skip this place overall, theres too many good resteraunts with great food & service on that strip!Simply amazing. Tuna roll was cooked perfectly. Pork Osso Bucco was fantastic. It fell off the bone and was very savory. The bison Burger was great. FYI, it's served open faced, so don't expect a typical Burger, but it was very tasty. Everything felt healthy since this is an organic food restaurant. Oh, and the vegan cheesecake (that my lactose intolerant girlfriend can eat) was very yummy. I didn't even know you could make cheesecake without cheese!Reading the raving reviews makes me feel like other yelpers obviously had a completely different experience than mine.  I'll start off with the positive, the place has a very nice layout, comfortable seating and nice outdoor area.  The bathroom was also nice and had products available if you need to freshen up.  Our server was also very nice, so no complaints there.  If you're wondering why the 2 stars, it's simple, if I'm going into a restaurant my main concern is the food everything else is secondary. We were told by our server that they were in the middle of changing from brunch to dinner and that only the bar menu was available, we didn't think that would be a big deal and decided to order.  We ordered the sliders,  truffle fries, oysters and the "fish" tacos. 
The sliders are only 2 tiny burgers with no cheese, lettuce & tomato. These sliders were completely overcooked, think charred hockey puck with absolutely no flavor. The so called truffle fries tasted like regular French fries with not so much as a hint of any truffle flavor.  The absolute worst were the "fish" tacos, they arrived covered in aoili  sauce but you could make out the pieces of the mystery meat. I eat out a lot, at this point in my life I think I've seen and eaten enough chicken and fish to easily differentiate the two, however the meat here had an odd coloring that did not look like any fish I've ever had.  We basically felt like Jessica Simpson asking ourselves is this chicken or fish???? Either way it was still inedible. My sister even asked our server if it was chicken but we were told it was fish.  The food here was not as described, tasteless and overpriced.Ok so, the atmosphere of this place is phenomenal - specifically the outdoor seating area! So cute with the fire-lit heating, string lights, and paper lanterns. Sadly, the food did not live up to the expectation. It was underwhelming, to say the least. Not bad, just....mediocre...slightly bland...and insanely overpriced!! The only pro was their pumpkin beer bucket, which was decently priced, but unfortunately they were all out of bottled pumpkin beers when I was there on a Saturday night. Wamp wamp. If I ever do return here, it will be for the pumpkin beer bucket, and not for the food.Only came here for drinks, so I cannot speak to the food, but they have a great drink menu! My friend and I got a couple of unique ciders (and imported organic one and a cranberry-apple one), which were both really good. There's also a cocktail menu and a whole page of wines as well as whiskeys.Came here for brunch! The outdoor space is adorable, and the service was so excellent. Reasonably prices, as far as outdoor-city-brunch is concerned. Food was good quality, though nothing world-renowned. i was a big fan of the potatoes and the french toast. The coffee was pretty decent, and the table settings/accessories are adorable.We ended up showing up on a busy Friday night, and the place was full, inside and out.  We were greeted by a friendly hostess, and decided to sit at the bar, since we didn't have a reservation.  After some delicious wine and a lima bean? dip, we tried the crab cake which was recommended.  It was so soft, light, and tasty.  This was followed by the black sea-bass, which comes as the whole fish.  I like to get the whole fish, despite the fact that it has the bones still in.  I loved the food, and the fact that it was organic and healthy, made it even better.  Reasonable price for what you're eating, and an atmosphere that I found out was also created in a "green fashion".  Overall, well put together, and I will definitely be going back.Great place for food. Love it. Nice patio out back that's hidden away. Drinks are very good too. Prob fav spot in fairground area.
RecommendedWas there for my birthday dinner and we genuinely enjoyed ourselves.
This is one restaurant in Philly that gives you a bang for your buck.  Everything is beyond reasonably priced, including an eight dollar "really clean" specialty martini and a seven dollar glass of Portuguese wine.  The martini was made with white grape juice and organic lemon vodka, much like the rest of the menu that is organic, free-range, sustainable, or locally grown.  There are many veg or vegan options as well, which in many restaurants proves to be a challenge.  
We started with the tuna tartar and the clams with cappellini and garlic.  The tuna was a bit cliché for my taste, made with tamari, sesame, and rice crackers.  I crave tuna tartar that is not Asian fusion!  The rice crackers overpowered the flavor of the rest of the dish.  The clams were delicious; however, on the menu they were listed as littlenecks, and they were delivered as top neck clams or larger.  I was disappointed and would have opted for another appetizer if we were informed of the change.
The entrees were nearly perfect.  For thirty bucks, my boyfriend enjoyed a huge rack of lamb with a spicy mustard glaze that was cooked to rare perfection.  For twenty bucks, I had a lovely striped bass with avocado salsa which would be more accurately described as guacamole with a little extra tomato, but delicious nonetheless.  The bass was slightly overcooked, but by no means well done or dried out.  Both entrees were accompanied by generous sides; the lamb with potatoes and haricots verts and the striped bass with brown rice and sautéed broccoli rabe.  
Dessert, second to the drinks, was an amazing value as well.  For NINE DOLLARS we enjoyed the dessert combo, which included 3 large portions of their specialty desserts.  So satisfying, perfect ending for my birthday, and it even came with a candle.
Added bonus: Complimentary filtered water, still or sparkling, bottled in house.
Service was a little slow, but expected at 10:30 on a Friday, and no bread service was offered at all.  But still, no complaints from us, for a fully rounded, spectacular meal that would have cost us twice as much in Center City, and is 8 blocks from our apartment.I've been here two or three times now and the food is flavorful and each dish is wonderful. Bison burger is great! Chicken meatballs and especially the pork shank! Great restaurant. Will be back again.In the immortal words of Howard Jones, things can only get better. I went to Fare on it's second night. Hardly fair the review it harshly since they are were so receptive to feedback. 
Super friendly staff and attentive. 
Food was somewhat on the low sodium side. Great for the hypertensive but I think some of the dishes could have used more pizazz.
Prices seem reasonable considering the food is organic, fresh and the portions ample. Would have liked to see the farms and food sources on the menu...unless I missed it somewhere.
I liked the yellow + blue malbec...and the free fizzy water! No bottled water here. Hooray for their efforts in serving food and beverage that is organic, local, sustainable, and well, practical! Still or sparkling tap water just makes sense!
We enjoyed the 'braised leeks and fennel, nicoise olives, goat cheese' and the 'lentils, potatoes, peas, raisins in red wine tomato sauce'. Both were hearty but the former needed more pizazz (herbs? salt?) and they both needed more crostini (of which they happily accommodated). 
We shared the whole-y mackerel (sorry, couldn't resist).  I'm thankful my husband has the skills and the balls to filet his own fish because I alone would have needed server assistance.  I thought it was cute that our server gave us an early warning that the whole fish would, in fact have a head on it. Yes, for those of you weak in the stomach or who care to avoid knowing that your food had a face, your whole mackerel will come with head, tail and bones attached. And it will be delicious and cooked perfectly. Well, ours was. Would definitely get it again. 
Also enjoyed the sweet potato semifreddo with oranges. Interesting textures and flavor combo that I didn't expect for Spring. 
Ambiance is modern and clean. Lots of eco-friendliness going on. Boy, do they have guts in putting such plush (recycled) carpeting in a restaurant, if you ask me!
A great addition to the conscious consumer's list of decent places to grab a healthy and fresh meal or a good glass of organic wine in Center City.I came her for a business meeting and the menu options were really great for a group with diverse tastes. Loved the tuna tartar, grilled octopus salad and mushroom flatbread. I had avocado crab cakes and truffle fries for my main and both were good. I think this organic fare was fresh and enjoyed!Fare is one our favorite spots in Fairmount! Great spot for a dinner date. One of the best cheese plates and their salmon entree is delicious! Would definitely recommend it.Nice people.  Good service.  Tasty food.
They sat us at 10:45pm, when the kitchen clearly could have closed up shop instead of serving us.  But, the gave us a full on dining experience with no "can't wait to get home" attitude from anyone.  
They brought hummus to the table that was just really chunky, bad stuff and I was worried about what was in store for the meal.  But I had the pork osso buco and thought it was very good.  Polenta was creamy, asparagus done perfectly, the osso buco sauce was savory sweet goodness without being too sickeningly rich.  The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender, not too fatty, and had a good flavor.  My husband had the stripped bass.  They made the sauce for him upon request to suit his dairy allergy with no attitude or fuss.  He said it was a really tasty dish and he'd have it again.
I had the fall fruit cobbler for dessert.  There was nothing wrong with it, but I could have easily made better apple cobbler myself.  It was missing a sauciness from the apples, kind of off.
Happy to have finally tried this place as it is right down the street from us and we will be back again.We ended up getting a last minute reservation here on a Friday night and really enjoyed ourselves. We ordered the hummus platter to start and he had the sea bass special while I had the salmon. The flavors were very interesting and melded together in ways I didn't think possible. We ended up sharing everything because it was all so delicious. There was a large party that had children and that was very annoying because the kids were seated right next to us but honestly, they give you more room than most Philly restaurants in terms of movable space between tables. We will definitely come back here!4 of us came here for a quiet meal and we all enjoyed our dishes. I had their fish of the day, a branzino, and it was so good. I love branzinos served whole and grilled - which was what they did. It also came with some sauteed spinach and brown rice. I left feeling very satisfied.We walked into Fare because the coffee shop a few stores down was packed full. It's pretty cute on the inside, but the food left very much to desire. I had the grilled chicken on ciabatta and my aunt tried the breakfast burrito and we both agreed that the dishes were a bit bland and tasteless. We had also planned on ordering fries as a side and the waitress said they were all out. I thought that was a little bizarre. The upside was that this place had wonderful music playing but unfortunately the soundtrack couldn't distract from the meal.I live in the neighborhood but am hardly ever drawn to go here.  It is hit or miss from 2-star to 4-star depending on the night.  
My last visit involved a chewy as hell octopus salad, ridiculously slow service, and a flavorless steak.  I wish I knew what other people saw in this place as it is near my house and I wish it were better.Was here not to long ago with my husband and another couple. When we arrived we were seated right away. We ordered a bottle of red wine and we also got individual drinks. My girlfriend and I both ordered a moscow mule. It was honestly one of the best moscow mules I've ever drank! When a drink is done right I'm always excited for what is yet to come. For appetizers we shared the tuna tartare and the octopus. It was my second time trying octopus. My first experience wasn't so great, but Fare completely changed that for me. It was SO, so good. The tuna tartare was good as well, but I wasn't a huge fan of the chips they provided. For my entree my girlfriend and I both got the Avocado Crab Cakes. OHMYGOD, so incredible. It came with a sweet chili sauce and it went so perfectly with the meal. 
The vibe of the restaurant is very pleasant. It's decently sized, but kind of small. Not too small where you are sitting on top of each other though. I would love to try Fare for brunch on day and I'm sure I definitely will!We went here for brunch. Parking is a bit tough in this part of the city so be prepared to walk a few blocks and allow sufficient time to search for a spot (there is also a lot a few blocks near Eastern State). The cocktails were delicious. I had the Clean Martini and it wasn't too sweet despite the strawberry flavor. The truffle fries are soooooo good. The entree options were plentiful. It was hard for me to decide but I ended up with the fish tacos, which was a good choice. I definitely would come back here again. The food is good; yummy cocktails and a great vibe.Our evening was not planned, we just really wanted a romantic time to sit together and have a great time and something good to drink.  Thanks to great service from everyone on staff, including the bartender, servers and even the owner, this was a stellar evening.  Great martini, great energy!Good food pretty good variety menu . My favorite thing about this place is their outdoor courtyard which is very nice at night w/ the heated lamps & fireplace its a pretty cool place to visit even in the winter. In addition they are an excellent gluten free optionFare is a little hit or miss. Some of the salads are consistently great. I tried the leek and fennel salad last week, and I loved it. The entrees seem less consistently great -- the food just doesn't seem fresh when it arrives on the table, like it was cooked too early or too long. So, if you're looking for a fun salad, I'd recommend going (the Brussels sprout salad is delicious), but if you're looking for a more filling meal, you might want to venture elsewhere.This was my first time here, and I couldn't be more thrilled. A reservation that I had made at another restaurant was dropped due to overbooking. As it was Mother's Day I was in a panic to find someplace nice to eat brunch with my mother. The staff here went above and beyond to accommodate me and not only make room for us but set a place for us outside so we could enjoy the weather. They were attentive and the food was spectacularLive 1.5 blocks away so tried to make this a go to place, especially because we generally eat organic, but just can't. What's good: the octopus is really good. The watermelon salad is really food. What's so-so: the branzino was eh. The skin was kinda soggy and there wasn't much flavor to the fish. What's not good:  we've gone 3 times and each time ordered the burger medium rare. Each time it came out well done and dried out. If you are in the mood for a burger, just go across the street to hickory lane. Perhaps their other food is better.I found this place while walking/looking through Eastern State Prison. Wonderful Place, Wonderful location. We got seated as soon as we entered during the brunch time of day. I myself got the flat bread and pickled beets, arugula salad. Top notch all the way. Then for lunch got the breakfast burger-- did not disappoint in any way!!!. All serving sizes  are truly more than your stomach, No small portions at a Big cost. I am truly coming back for the area has more to see and explore.  A.G.We had a lovely time at Fare, which was our first stop in Philly. The bartender service was really great, and I got to taste a lovely rose before purchasing a glass that possibly could have been too sweet. I had one of the lovely fish specials where the fish came served whole, but had been deboned. It was very tasty. It came with rice and steamed green beans, and a lemony, almost horseradish tasting sauce. I also tasted the steak, which was delicious. I was going to go with the vegetarian option, but at the caution of the server, decided against it. I was really glad for what I did get because it was so tasty. We had a server in training that was also helping us, and she was trying, but you could tell she was new and a little awkward, but I have no doubt she will improve. They are also very accommodating for us gluten free folks.Fresh and delicious food.  Excellent service at lunch time on a Saturday.  The spreads with warm pita were soooooo cravable with the dirty martini.  Had a lovely afternoon.Had an early dinner around 6pm and it was fantastic.  Service, food and setting was solid.
The salmon was very fresh and the flank steak cooked perfect to order.  I like this place for what it is, nothing fancy or delicate.  Just good food.
Also to note, our chocolate lava cake took a bit of time.  Turns out it was burnt the first time so they apologized for the wait and comped it.Fare is an attractive restaurant in the heart of the Art Museum District in the Fairmount neighborhood of Philadelphia.  They also have a large outdoor eating area during the warmer months to the side of the restaurant.   The food here is advertised as both locavore and sustainable ... and you can often add tasty to those adjectives.  I especially enjoyed the bacon, cheddar, and apple flatbread appetizer.  A main course consisted of a decent grilled chicken sandwich served on a ciabatta roll with a large serving of homefries.  A homemade and excellent coconut rum raisin sorbet completed the meal.  Service was friendly.
Why then only 3 stars when the food was prob worth an additional star?  Well this was an Art Museum Area restaurant week lunch and I was totally surprised to find out it had a base price of 25 dollars.  Say what?  25 dollars for a restaurant week lunch special?  That's the highest price ever in Philadelphia.  Center City restaurants are $20 for special restaurant week lunches and some of the other restaurant weeks taking place in neighborhoods and locales in and around Philadelphia even have a lot of their special lunch menus pegged at 15 dollars.  I never expected 25 dollars.  Of course they had no price listed on the Art Museum Restaurant Week or the Fare websites.  I should have asked but didn't think to because I just expected it would be either 15 or 20 dollars ... in line with all the other Restaurant Weeks that take place in the Delaware Valley.  Anyway it's disappointing and it annoyed a couple of my friends when I told them the price as they had informed me about this particular Restaurant Week when they heard I was going to be in the Art Museum area around lunchtime.  I was also testing this restaurant out for a dinner party I'm part of later this month following a visit to the Philadelphia Museum of Art but we def won't be going to Fare at this point.  However, do read again the first paragraph of my review and you can see I am still able to say a couple of good things about the food and service.Service, food & ambience all very nice.
Food very good & prepared as ordered
Wine & beer list reasonable if uninspired.First time here and definitely not my last. Good food and good service. Looking forward to trying it out for dinner. Fare is in a great area as well.We enjoyed our dinner here, and will probably return. The Greek appetizer assortment (Pikilia of Spreads) was excellent, the octopus was done very nicely and was tasty. The fish tacos were a little below par, but everything was fresh and well-prepared. The staff was friendly and attentive, and the patio seating was nice.Love the neighborhood!  I came here for dinner with a large group the other day.  The restaurant has a clean and sleek look to it.  Very trendy indeed!  The food was good, but the portion sizes small.  We actually left hungry.  ehh! maybe try it another time and see.After a couple hours at the art museum, we headed over the Fare on a Sunday afternoon (around 4:45) for an early dinner.  I was slightly disappointed to hear when we walked in that we could only order from the bar menu, and I wish they had told me that when I had called and asked if there was space for us.  
We had a bunch of small plates: the sliders, cooked perfectly (rare, which is hard with tiny burgers!), and the fig pizza were my two favorite.  The fish tacos were not as exciting (a little bland) and the truffle fries were also just OK, not amazing.  They have a good beer and cider selection.  I'd go back to try their full menu.It was a dark and stormy, cold afternoon. After being chilled to the bone both literally and metaphorically at the Eastern State Penitentiary, and feeling the pangs of hunger for hours, my boyfriend and I stumbled into the beautifully welcoming restaurant. Conveniently located just across the street from the penitentiary, we ended up coming here for two lunches after beginning two days worth of photography adventuring. 
The door looks upscale despite having a casual feel. I would imagine it would be a great place to take your parents.
Service at the bar was great and the brunch menu provided sounded very delicious. I had a large Irish coffee.
The Short Rib Benedict.
Generously portioned with a hefty side of greens and delicious! I'm always a sucker for short ribs on a menu and this did not disappoint.
Lobster Grilled Cheese:
The bread was beautifully toasted yet soft enough to bite into and had something of a cakey taste to it. There was a generous amount of lobster that mixed deliciously into the mozarella cheese, allowing the savoryness of the lobster to not be overpowered. It included a very large side salad. After having it I understood why it would be sold out the day before on our initial visit to the place.
The value was good. You should definitely stop in.Service was great, but unfortunately the food was not good. Paid $22 before tax for two avocado crab cakes that were about the size of a golf ball. They were paired with a sweet chili sauce that did not compliment or enhance the flavor. The potatoes that came with it tasted like they had been sitting under a lamp for a while. The brussel sprouts were very good, though.Ok, I'm giving them three stars only because not everything was off the mark.  My wife's fish taco were good but my burger missed the mark.  Sounded good on the menu, who wouldn't want pastrami on their burger.  Trouble was the pastrami was cut thick and I couldn't bite nor cut through it....Very disappointing. Also the fries were limp, the is one of my pet peeves, I love fries and when they are not done right...very sad. 
Also, the bread they brought to the table before the meal was burnt, cold and soggy.  Whoever let that leave the kitchen is not helping your restaurant.  The chef would be better off skipping the bread if he/she can't get a simple thing like this right.Good clean "Fare"! Came here for Sunday brunch starting at 9am (which is a rarity in the city). Service, food, portions and price point was all a plus. Fare is a great place for those who are eating "clean".
Ordered: "Fare Bloody Mary" made with pepper vodka and garnished with sweet bacon, eggs any style (def more than 2 eggs) with sweet potato and sausage, breakfast burrito (stuffed with scramble eggs, chorizo, sweet potato, light cheese, cooked spinach) with jalapeño salsa and spring salad. The breakfast burrito was def enough to share. Next time we will just get that and add one pancake on the side. The eggs any style for $8 was very generous, my bf couldn't even finish the eggs (he usually complains about restaurants with small portions). What's brunch without a bloody Mary? It was delish, the pepper vodka added the perfect kick and the sweet bacon garish rounded out the drink very well.
Service: all the servers there were very attentive. They filled our water glasses before they were empty. Checked on our table at the right times. Good friendly service for a Sunday morning.
Overall: we will be back! Looking forward to trying their dinner.
Side Note: I am in love/obsessd with their stemware and dishes made by Degrenne.On my first visit to Philadelphia, I had brunch at Fare. Friends who live their raved about the food and it did not disappoint. I'll definitely be stopping back through on my next visit. Uploaded some pics to my blog http://www.livin2live.com/2014/06/visitphilly/. 
Enjoy!Fare is easily in the top 3 new restaurants I've been to this year and I never saw it coming. It's nice to be surprised.
Words like organic, local, and sustainable get thrown around a lot these days. Too frequently in a concern to be granola friendly, restaurants forget another  important  word:  "delicious". 
Fare does amazing organic with aplomb (and without the dreadlocks). The space is well appointed and chic without being cold. 
Even better, their staff is invested in the concept - knowledgeable beyond the rote citation from most servers. We talked about everything from sourcing to flavor profiles to technique. 
Our wide tasting menu, recommended by Fare's gracious owners and staff, had plenty of highlights:
- Farmhouse Flatbread - Get this immediately. Go now. Green Apple and Vermont Cheddar and House Bacon drizzled with Maple syrup. I could not stop.
- Bison Sliders - Best Bison I've had east of Colorado, amazing herbal notes, lovingly seasoned and seared.
- Gazpacho - Unbelievable nuance and depth. Sumptuous is not too strong a word - and we are talking about cold soup here.
- Crab Cakes - Very solid, but not "Baltimore" Solid. Still better than most outside the Chesapeake
- Grilled Octopus - Well balanced, not overpowered - allowing the meat to speak clearly. Perfectly fork tender.
- Zuchini Fries - Paper thin, airy, deep fried. The real secret is the zing they get from powdered Red Wine Vinegar. Scintillating.
Yknow what? Stop Reading.
Go Now - Surprise yourself.My husband and I went last night for dinner and everything was perfect!  The octopus special was so tender and full of flavor.  The crab cake excellent as usual...the lamb - so tender the filet excellent!  
The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is relaxing and everyone that works there is so nice.  Love Fare!
I do wish they had one menu item that was kid friendly...like a pasta dish.Dined at Fare last night with another couple. Food, service, atmosphere were all top notch. The menu is excellent, and the server's recommendations were just right. Prices for food & wine (they have a nice bar too) are very reasonable, given the very high quality of ingredients. This is the most Celiac-friendly restaurant I've been to in the state of PA, so if you have a gluten intolerance, I highly recommend FARE. The three people who dined with me all felt their food was excellent. This is my new favorite restaurant in Philly.Started with Brussels sprout salad. Great new way to serve them. Shredded like cabbage with walnuts and cranberries.
Moved on to the lobster grilled cheese. Perfectly fried and great cheese.
Lastly had eggs Benedict with crab cakes and potato pancakes.
These were very tasty but a little on the small side.
They offer a phenomenal twist on an Old Fasioned. Maple syrup and bacon infused bourbon. Fantastic drink. Cool out door space as well.I have been back a few times and wanted to update my review.  Every time I go to Fare I think - wow I really like it here! The menu is varied and everything is marked whether it is vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free. I really appreciate that in a restaurant. I am a huge fan of the "very clean martini" and have tried a few of their wines which have been really good.  Even their house wine at $6 is really good and very reasonable.  Their tofu scramble is great if you like tofu scrambles - I must say this one is great.  It is a great place for a lot of different occasions: date night, dinner with the parents or in-laws, dining with picky eaters or dietary restrictions.Only come Tuesday Wednesday and Saturday...Brenna is the best bartender in the city! She was funny and poured amazing drinks!Awesome place!
Went there for the first time on Wednesday this week. For a Wednesday, it was very much alive. However, we were able to get a table for five with no problem at all. The ambiance is very cheerful and the service was pretty good too.
Everything we ordered tasted fresh and was DELICIOUS!!! The pricing was also very pleasing, for the five of us we spent less than $200 and left the place stuffed.
Highly recommend trying this place if you're in Philly. Can't wait to go there again!Food was average.  Had a grass fed steak, which was a special, didn't taste like grass fed and came out over cooked.  Service was less than average.  A good place if you are doing something around eastern state penitentiary, but not a place I would return to.The food is pretty good, but service was really strange. At brunch, my friend ordered the same waffle, but I have a nut allergy so I asked for mine without the walnuts. My waffle came out with berries on top, his did not. He asked for berries and about 15-20 longgg minutes later, the server brought out a little dish of sliced melons. So weird.
Not my first choice for brunch in the area, but I would go back.Delicious meal at Fare Friday night.  Group of six tucked in back corner.  Started with a couple of the creative flatbreads and candied beets, very tasty!  I had the night's special of soft shell crabs over a thick corn chowder or mash.  Flavors were great.  Others indulged in delicious strip steak, pork osso buco, sea bass, crabcakes and chicken meatballs.  Everyone thought the food was great.  Service was terrific and loved the ambience/vibe.  Definitely a great addition to neighborhood.I have dined at Fare twice now and have really had good experience. It is wonderful to have a new addition of finer restaurants in the neighborhood besides the usual watering holes that serve greasy food. Fare's service is friendly, accommodating and unpretentious. Our server, Jessica was a delight. The 1st time, my friend and I had the beets salad, polenta with mushroom and wine (thank God they have a good wine list). We sat outside for more than 2 hours for dinner. They never kicked us out or interrupted us. The 2nd time I was there, I had ordered the salmon, very light and perfectly made. My friend ordered the chocolate flourless cake, dense and a little on the dry side though. I like Fare's food because its very clean and simple without "frills." I personally feel that sometimes, too much accompaniment can get too overbearing that you can hardly taste the food. Hence, I describe Fare as simple and tasty.Fare has a nice atmosphere and prompt service but food is just OK, I mea...FAIR. My bacon dressing kale salad was basically a bowl of fried kale, I couldn't taste any bacon, just heavy oil not balanced with acid. A vinaigrette dressing would have been nicer. I did squeeze lemon on it and it was tasty, but without it it just doesn't taste right. May go back and try something else...YAY: delicious food, free sparking water, cool layout and interior, great to see Fare is part of more development happening in the area
BOO: service was much to be desired -- the waitress walk by us numerous times without checking in, forgot to give us bread, forgot we wanted to desert, and we had to go find her for the check because she stopped coming by the table.Medium rare skirt was rare (moooo!) even though I ordered medium-rare; with a group so sampled a bunch of sides - sweet potato gratin (very good), brussel sprouts (good), cauliflower (good, recommend), kale (terrible, zero flavor).  Deserts were terrible, do not waster your time or money.
The cocktail list, however, was pretty darn good.  Had the old fashioned special which was made with a bacon infused rye and that made for a memorable cocktail.
Place is okay, would not go out of my way to return.I came here for brunch with my boyfriend a few weeks ago. I ordered a vegetable omelette; it was good but I prefer omelettes that have the vegetables cooked into the eggs rather than placed after the eggs are cooked. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito; he was very happy. We both ordered bloody Mary's. They were good.My bf and I only sat at the bar for drinks, mine tasted like a juice box no alcohol and very sweet and my bf asked for Scotch On the rocks, his glass was almost empty and we paid 32 dls. Insane, I'll never go back.Three of us stopped in for brunch and waited half an hour without acknowledgement.  The two waitresses that were working did not even ask if we wanted a drink.  We decided to walk out.  If you have all the time in the world to wait for a glass of water that you'll never get, walk in.I'll begin by saying the only reason I deducted one star was that this place was out of truffle oil. Is that a legit reason to deduct a star? You may wonder; but you wouldn't understand how I feel about truffle oil. Also it was expensive. 
That being said, Fare was the shit. I got the Morning After cocktail and the Lobster Grilled Cheese. The drink was spicy and bitter and unlike any drink I could have ever made myself which is exactly what I'm looking for when I order a $10 drink. And the food?  My sandwich was creamy and crispy and hearty, full of flavor and juiciness. Perfect. I wasn't crazy about the side salad that came with, it was super salty. Kind of like a giant olive.
The atmosphere was great, right across the street from the Eastern State Penitentiary. We sat outside which I was a little concerned about at first, as it was kind of cold, but the heat warming lamps worked like a charm and Fairmount Ave was just the right amount of busy that was fun for people watching but not obnoxiously loud.
Overall, I would definitely recommend. Oh, also, we came at like 1 on a Sunday without a reservation and were seated immediately which is pretty trill.Unfortunately we think we ate some bad oysters. So in 20 minutes, this review could go down and it could have been higher. But they were good that they did not charge us and they took the initiative to give us a lovely small plate.A friend  and I were immediately seated for lunch. Service started out great, and continued to be excellent service throughout our meal. We both ordered the fish tacos, my food of choice at the moment...no disappointment here! The fish was excellent, very well prepared...and a hearty portion. The taco shells had a surprisingly delicious taste, not at all bland. The sauce and fresh veggies in the taco complimented the taste, nothing over powering. Generous portions of rice and beans completed the meal. Thank you Fare! I will return soon.I've now been to Fare five times, two dinners and two lunches, once just drinks. They've done a great job with both the atmosphere inside and out, especially outside with the new fireplace and wall designs!
The menu is unique! Three meals out of the four were fantastic except last night. They don't offer a regular burger on the menu but offered one as a 'special' last night...definitely not a good choice (ordered med-rare received med-well, burger weirdly thick and small in diameter) so stick to the menu and you won't be disappointed.
Why only three stars? Kitchen speed; it's ridiculously slow! The waitstaff is great though! All four times we waited way too long for the simple meals ordered. (This is why I ate the burger because I was wildly hungry at that point.) The last three visits had very few tables eating so it's not as though the kitchen was over loaded. Once I can let slide, twice maybe, but third and fourth time?? That's not a fluke; it's their speed.
So, all in all, I will go back for the great food, but only when I don't have plans after.This review will only have questions, not answers. 
When will I be able to have faith that a server has accurately taken my burger order? How will I know if the cook screwed it up or if xe never received the right instruction? And when it's wrong, do I inadvertently insult the waiter, the cook, the entire establishment by mentioning the error, thus pointing out that my simple request was unable to be fulfilled? How can I live with myself if after a few bites of my meal I realize it was not properly prepared, prompting a debilitating inner conflict of "say something and wait longer, waste food, ruin everything, or suffer through an overcooked meat-wad in stoic, tasteless, silence"? What can be done in a world where we have lost so much faith in the ability of our fellow xan that simply relaying preferred burger temperature begets doubt, panic, cynicism, and finally, despair?
These questions have no answers. They only lead to more questions.
The octopus was really good, I obviously should have gotten the halibut special, the Pearl Driver drink or whatever it was called was delicious, the attitudes of the servers were great.I have been to Fare twice now, once eating at the bar, and most recently a full dinner.  The avocado crabcakes were the star of my meal.  I am a fan of the decor and ambiance as well.  I will be back!This is a review for just the cocktails! And it happened to be on the Pork & Vodka Fairmount food crawl day. 
Modern ambiance. Friendly bartenders. Comfortable bar-stools. Awesome cocktails..until that last one. I was having a vodka cocktail with raspberry sorbet in it and was loving the hell out of the combination. My friend was enjoying her Farmer's Tonic (cucumber gin, fresh lime, cracked pepper). After 3 rounds, we clearly thought a fourth was needed for some reason. The bartenders either were on break or switching out.. because this guy we thought was the bar back but was actually a bartender? He made that fourth cocktail- told me the vodka drink i was enjoying ran out (it probably was just the special of the day), so we both got the Farmer's Tonic. Not enough lime, and too much pepper. Choked down what we could of it and adventured home with Uber.
I'll be back to try everything else. Great location. Food that was coming out of the kitchen looked delicious.We have eaten at Fare dozens of times as it is located in our neighborhood.  It is obviously one of our favorites.  I particularly LOVE the scallops.This is quickly becoming our go to restaurant for family outings. Good food, ok service, perfect location and atmosphereI was drawn here due to my diet restrictions (no meat/dairy) and I'll definitely come back. The menu had plenty of vegan options and where they didn't, they were willing to take requests to make other dishes work. The waitress was very helpful and patient with my overload of questions.
I ordered the carrot cakes with edamame hummus and my date ordered the crab cakes with bok choy. While the crab cakes were "the best (my date) ever had", my carrot cakes were very delicious and a fantastic change of pace, being on a restrictive diet (and consuming the same preparations everywhere else).
I would confidently recommend this to others. I came for the menu, and I'll definitely be back for the taste.Went with a part of four on Saturday at noon, not exactly brunch not exactly lunch 
The decor of this place is pretty tacky, while the menu and website has a rustic feel, the furniture and wall pieces are trying to look new york-ish, but failing miserably, and fall somewhere in between a faux-nice place, and just a mess. 
The staff: well, this is where the problems begin. All of the staff seem to have a stuck up disposition about them; again, you are not in new york. 
We got a table at 12:30 but took forever to have someone acknowledge that we were at a table, and thirsty, and hungry. 
after flagging one waitress down, she seemed appalled that we would ask HER to help us, and not our waitress
when we finally ordered, and got a salmon flatbread as a starter, the waitress then came back and informed us that it was no longer available, but we could get a cinnamon bun... ummm, no thank you.
and then we waited......
and waited....
(oh, and thank you for serving me my 'fare mary' with a piece of bacon on top of it.. i don't eat meat) 
finally one in our party got a the breakfast omelet, and another got the baked bananas (with plain yogurt on it... meh) [besides the fact that it should have came out before everything else, about 40 minutes earlier) , but the rest of us sat around waiting for our food
so then we got 2 more plates, but the person who got baked bananas also got an eggs florentine which still didnt come out
i got the fish tacos: dry, no flavored, served on a plate with beans and rice.. i don't recommend it
the breakfast burrito: forgettable,
eggs florentine: not bad, the salad dry and disposable
the best part of the meal was the tuna melt, served open face with guacamole (i was a doubter, but actually great combo!)
ultimately, we were still pretty hungry, had spent way too much time, and what was supposed to be a nice saturday (birthday) brunch, was something we would all rather forget.
no, i will not be coming back. 
get it together fare. get your sassy waitresses in order, and tell that one girl to not wear ugly gold space boots. 
get someone to work the front of house, to pick up my credit card when i just want to leave. someone to check in on us when we are waiting for our food, and to assure us that it is coming.Met Friends here for my Birthday celebration and we all loved it. The Brunch menu was diverse, fresh with very generous portions. The cocktails were tasty and creative. We sat at their outside patio on a beautiful sunny Summer Saturday for hours. It's located across from Eastern State Penitentiary in a very cool neighborhood!The boo and I ate here last night on a whim.  We sat at the bar and were greeted by a strikingly handsome bartender named Andrew who had fancy purse hooks and presented hummus out of thin air.  The beer list is pretty diverse so we were happy about that - I had some Red Ale that I LOVED.  Onto food..
Meh.  I like the entire concept of organic, local, fresh, etc.  I like it a lot - I like feeling good about what I ate and knowing that it was healthy.  But I also like to eat and be full.  We got the bar snacks thinking we were getting a deal on an otherwise pricey regular menu option.  Not so.  For $9 we got tiny bison sliders that were on top of a slice of bread the size of a wheat thin....for another $9 we got two mini fish tacos where the fish was more like a fish stick, and we had no idea what kind of fish it was.  And we got fries for $4...they were good but it was like 6 french fries!  So, obvi we were still hungry and to avoid being gluttons we split an entree and a "salad".  
I say "salad" because I got the roasted kale with bacon dressing and a fried egg.  For $8 I got a bowl of roasted kale with a fried egg on top.  It was bland (I know they don't season because they want the food to stand on its own) but with salt it tasted just like the kale chips I cook in my own oven for $2...oh I mean $2 for 2-3 servings the same size as what I got.  The egg was different, it made me think oh next time I make kale chips I'll put an egg on top.  But this was nothing special.  The boo ordered the flank steak with chimichurri and we subbed brussel sprouts for green beans.  That was a very good meal - the chimichurri was fresh, the steak was a good size, and the brussel sprouts were served with caramelized shallots or red onions.
If you're gonna go here, expect to drop some bones and wind up eating again later into the night.  The concept is cool, some of the food is very tasty, but you just need to order smarter than we did.I have been to Fare twice now, once for dinner and then again today for brunch and found both times to be totally meh. Not bad by any means, but just meh. My boyfriend put it really well when he said that Fare is like a track home of restaurants. There are some good elements, but overall, it's just not somewhere I want to be. The bar space is decorated really well and has potential, as well as the wall decorated with birch trees. But, the rest of the space is disjointed and has no comfortable appeal at all. On top of that, the music was awful and unfitting. 
The place was packed today when I headed over with two others after finishing a 15K. It was full of runners wearing their medals, and was busier than I have ever seen it while walking by during brunch hours. We snagged the last tall table available in the bar, and received very 2-star service the entire time. Granted, they didn't seem used to having a full house, but it was almost 10 minutes before they took our drink order. The food that sounded so enticing on the menu was good, but not great. I split the tofu scramble and the breakfast burrito with my boyfriend. The scramble was good, but could have used more spices, although the tempeh bacon was a nice touch. The burrito could have been killer, but it was on a wheat tortilla (boo!), and was swimming in its own juices, making it super soggy! It had some good ingredients, but didn't leave me with any wow factor. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast home fries and received a basket of french fries instead. We were never checked on to see how our meals were. A different person than our original server dropped off a check and then no one returned to our table for 20 whole minutes. It was laughable the amount of times we tried to wave at someone or stare them down, only to be ignored. I was hoping brunch here would be really good and we would want to come back and enjoy the dog-friendly patio when it warms up. However, I doubt that will be happening.We had an awesome time at Fare.  We had a private party in the courtyard where they served excellent drinks and food with great atmosphere. Excellent kielbasa soup, spicy sausage, and bourbon drinks.  It's worth a visit!This is something of a mixed review. The atmosphere in the restaurant was perfect, great place for conversation, great service. We got the Mediterranean platter, and it was delicious, especially the baba ganoush. We also got the gingered beet salad. Beets were so-so, and there was not the slightest taste of ginger. My wife and I got the specials - red snapper with orange beurre blanc, and pappardelle with crab. The snapper was good, but it came with spinach and cauliflower/chick peas. The vegetables were not well matched with the fish. The pappardelle was a disappointment; very little crab, lots of bacon. My wife's dish came with a lot of crushed pepper. They ended up taking the pappardelle of the check.Hovering between 3 and 4*. TLDR: Flatbeads and bison burger were good; the fish tacos should be renamed slaw tacos (at least on this particular visit). 
------------------------------------
The sister stopped by to visit us in Philly, so we rounded up the troops to grab some grub in the Fairmount area. I was told that Fare had bacon Bloody Mary's round the clock, regardless of whether they were serving brunch. And sure enough that's true.
But alas, they were somehow out of them when we stopped by. Not sure how that happens, but they did have food at least! There's a modern farmhouse-vibe of a bar to the left and to the right, there's plenty of seating for dining. 
Farmhouse Flatbread [$12]
Bacon, sharp cheddar, Granny Smith 
We got the farmhouse flatbread to start. Sweet and savory elements were featured here. The crisp Granny Smith apples imparted some tart sweetness that was accented by the honey. This was balanced by the heft of the bacon and the sharpness of the cheddar. The crisp flatbread lent some nice texture to each bite. 
Short Rib Flatbread [$12]
Port reduction, fig gorgonzola 
Not to be outdone, the short rib flatbread came with a foundation of savory short ribs, with a nice port reduction. The sweet figs were balanced by the funk of the gorgonzola and the peppery arugula, which was nicely seasoned. 
Greek Salad [$11] with Chicken [+ $4]
Tomatoes, cucumbers, red onion, olives, feta, red wine vinegar, EVOO
While a bit of a small portion, all the standard flavors were there - the sharpness of the feta along with a melange of tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and olives dressed in red wine vinegar and olive oil. The grilled chicken was moist and some lightly grilled bread accompanied the salad.
Fish Tacos [$13]
Citrus slaw, black beans, brown rice
The fish tacos should have been renamed slaw tacos because clearly, the fish was not the star here as it only made a small appearance. The slaw had a nice citrusy brightness, but again - where was the fish? The stewed beans were nicely seasoned and some rice was studded with bits of carrot. Definitely a lighter option. 
Bison Burger [$19]
Spinach & feta bison burger, opened faced, lemon herb yogurt  
I opted for the bison burger, which was served open faced. It was surprisingly moist and had traditional Greek flavors, with the herbs accented by the lemon-herb yogurt. The pickles were great and really shined - the slight sweetness balancing out the sour. The accompanying potatoes were nicely spiced and were creamy rather than crisp. The green beans had great snap, with a spritz of lemon providing some brightness.
Truffle Fries [$8]
Truffle oil, Parmesan cheese, chipotle aioli, salt
We also got a side of the truffle fries, which were perfectly crisp and had hints of truffle oil and salty Parmesan. It came with a pat of chipotle aioli.
Overall, Fare is a decent option in the Fairmount area. Do try the flatbread and while the fish tacos were lacking, there aren't many places in Philly that can cook or even offer a decent bison burger.The food was excellent . Kids enjoyed the flat bread pizza and rick the burger. I had the beer salad and green beans and it was satisfying. Many drink choices.If you want a nice dining experience after a night of terror at eastern state penitentiary, this is the place for you. It is walking distance and has the best butternut squash soup you will ever find. The restaurant is good for small party size of people but accommodations can be made if you make a reservation. It can get packed overnight too. I would recommend the farmers flat bread over the Mediterranean if you have a sweet taste bud and craving for flat bread. I would warn you in advance that the portion sizes are small for its price.Great Place!
Cool menu!
Not too pricey!
Great Restaurant in the Neighborhood.
You must try it!!!Went there on a fri night. It was crowded as expected. This is my second time at fare. I came here a few months ago with my mom. Thought it had potential. Went back with bf. 
So... I really want to like this place. I like the area. It's walking distance from my neighborhood. This time, mostly disappointment mainly with their preparation of the chicken meatballs. 
We had glass of wine and 2 beers with our meal. Nice beverage selection. If we were to go back, I'd consider the bar only. 
Started out with crab cake appetizer. Had that the first time too. It doesn't have a lot of filler but dill could be strong if you don't like dill. The avocados are diced up in the crab cake. If you don't like guacamole, you won't like the crab cake. 
For entree, I was going to order the flank steak but the bf wanted to try chicken meatball and we also got the sloppy joe special. Sloppy joe (turkey) came out first. Frankly, nothing spectacular. A little bit cold. The potatoes were not fully cooked. But my bf doesn't like to say anything in situations like this. Then the meatballs came out. I looked down at three whitish pink looking balls sitting on top of hardened cheese under some greens. Ok. Took a bite and the meatballs were sour. Not slightly tangy or acidic. But sour. The bf took a bite and he agreed that it was sour. The waitress told me that the meatballs are tangy. I'm like "what?". I told her it was sour. And since the meatballs were white/pink, I didn't know if it was spoiled. Nevertheless, they replaced it with the flank steak that I wanted in the first place and it was delicious. The steak was cooked to medium and very juicy for flank steak. 
The service was nice. Our waitress was very accommodating. Wish the wait staff would be in uniform. I can never tell who is part of staff. 
Overall, would probably not go back again. The food is just ok.This isn't for service. Our waitress was polite, prompt, and professional. It was a packed Friday night, but she still managed to get everything to us quickly and was great about refills and making sure our table of four was taken care of.
The food, though sounding delicious on the menu, left a bit to be desired. The grilled octopus that first came out was overly chewy. But the second one was great! Perfectly charred and drizzled in olive oil and hint of truffle salt. The avocado crab cakes are supposed to have, well, avocado in them. I'm sure it was mixed in there somewhere, but the sweet syrup added onto the crab cake kind of overpowered any hint of avocado. 
The tuna tartare was on point! Great little wafer crisps that came with it. And a nice avocado purse at the bottom of the tuna heap.Have been here a few times for brunch and happy. They have a nice selection of craft beers on draft and bottle. I'd definitely recommend the sliders during happy hour. Food is tasty and healthy. 4 stars for taste but quality and service brings it up to 5.I've come here a couple of times recently. Their food is pretty good in general, with a reasonable selection of beer and wine. They're definitely on the pricier side, so perhaps save for a special occasion.We had a really great early evening of drinks and apps at Fare!  The atmosphere was cozy but comfortable (didn't feel cramped).  The waitstaff was friendly and checked in on us appropriately (just to note, it might have been the owner who was waiting on us).  Of course, the star of the show, the food, was really good too! We split everything we ordered and we collectively enjoyed all the dishes.  I also want to mention a real stand out moment when we ordered the baklava for a friend who has a sweet tooth and in passing, we mentioned it was her birthday. When they brought the baklava out it came with a lit candle so we could wish our friend Happy Birthday (with really no prompt from us). To seal the deal, they comped the dessert too.  It really is the little things that allow places like this to shine when they can easily get swallowed up amongst all the other restaurants in the city.  I would 100% go back to this place and recommend for others to try Fare too.Everything was delicious! We ordered the tuna tartare without the sour cream and it was so much better without it. Our dinner was great. We will be back for sure.We decided to try Fare while dining across the street at Hickory.  We were seated immediately but waited a long time for our server to pay any attention to us. We were seated by a group with lots of small children and the children were all over the place.  That was a mood blower! None the less we moved to the bar after the children kept running around, being disruptive and they even stopped at our table a few times. An adult in the party apologized but it continued to happen :\
The hostess mentioned to the bartender that we'd been there for a  long time and hadn't been served; she also told our server that he'd kept us waiting for a long time.  The atmosphere at the bar was much better, the bartender was attentive and she made really good drinks (I like when bartenders sample their creations before serving them)
We started with the baked banana which was very good, i then had the apple ricotta pancakes, also good.  My honey had the meat omelet of the day, it was chorizo, caramelized onions and a few other things but very tasty.
Given the large number of great restaurants in Philly, I'm not sure if Ill make it back to Fare.  My experience was simply 'ok'Came here to duck the rain by the Eastern State Penitentiary and was glad we did! Extensive and varied selection of drinks- ended up getting the cranberry-flavored apple cider. Strong, just the right amount of sweet and sour, and unique!I am VERY happy to say that Fare has redeemed itself many times over.  They have worked out their service issues and have developed a cocktail menu that makes me melt.  Let's take a second to talk about their very clean martini.....BEST.MARTINI.EVER, and it's only 2 ingredients.  I don't know if the magical ingredient is fairy dust or a little bitta love from the bartenders, but it never fails to be delish!  Way to go Fare; I am a super fan :)Really disappointed.  I was excited to try their crabcakes eggs benedict.  When they brought it out, I cut into my eggs and they were completely overdone.  I mentioned this to the server when she came back, and she was not apologetic at all despite the fact the dish was made wrong, just stared at me.  I asked to have them redone, since eggs benedict require eggs to be cooked the right way.  She brought it out again, and this time the egg was only a little overdone as to completely, but whereas the first plate there were 2 eggs, they only gave me one this time.  The manager never came out to apologize, as I've grown accustomed to n most restaurants when they are the ones making a mistake, or if there is a concern the customer is unhappy.  There wasn't anything taken off my bill, which I didn't expect but bringing up a solution or fixing this issue is typically appreciated.  So all in all, I would NOT recommend this place for brunch.When I moved into the neighborhood I went to Fare and was not a fan.  However, a friend convinced me to go back and what a difference! Courtney was our bartender and she changed my mind about the place entirely. The service was friendly and attentive plus she knows how to make a proper drink. As a result I came back again,  she remembered my name and, more importantly, how I like my drink! The rest of the staff was great as well. This is now my go to for a neighborhood cocktail. (4 stars only because I have not tried the food yet)Stopped there for dinner and sat at the bar. We had the octopus, mushroom flatbread, an arugula salad, and sautéed green beans. Everything was great. Had a few drinks- the bartender was efficient and friendly. We'll definitely return.Had a nice romantic dinner with my boyfriend. Upon recommendation, we ordered the soda water which is made in house. It was very refreshing. The onion soup with grilled cheese sandwich was a perfect start to an overall very nice meal. My boyfriend had the duck confit which was cooked perfectly. I had the chicken meatballs. They were very flavorful and filling. 
Great beer and wine list. Excellent decor and atmosphere. A little noisy but we will go back when we're in the area.
Be sure to order the El Soul if you are looking for an interesting and delicious cocktail! I was a little weary of the unique mix but was delighted to try something new and yummy!The food is always great. Decent amount of vegan options. The very dirty martini is made with a Greek mix rather than typical Spanish green olives. Delicious!This was our first visit to the restaurant. We went on a Thursday night at 6:30. It wasn't crowded at all.
We're vegetarians, so that colors our perception.  They had several vegetarian options on the menu. We ordered the beet salad and the roasted leeks to start, and the BBQ seitan and the wild mushroom cakes for entrees.
In a word, underwhelming. We really wanted to like the place, but there were just a lot of missteps with the food. They have to be a little more assertive with the seasoning, because everything came out bland. They also didn't seem to understand how to make the seitan tasty. Specifically, the polenta was flavorless, like cream of wheat. The BBQ seitan should have been grilled or at least fried to give it some texture.
Some elements were very good. We really liked the white bean hummus with crostini that they served as an amuse bouche. The mushroom dish came with an excellent savory carrot cake and edamame hummus.
The service was friendly but mediocre. The host was a bored young person who seemed like a family member dragooned into working. Our server was friendly but not especially professional. it's not a very expensive place but for a $14 entree I think you can get better service. 
The decor was just weird. For a place that positions itself as a natural food restaurant, the inside was like a Kubrick movie. There is a tree motif on the wall, but the trees are gray, and the light fixtures all stark white, while there is a 70s-era crimson rug on the floor, with faux-wood tables.
The dessert options sounded uninspiring and seemed to revolve around a surplus of coconut, so we passed.  There were a few other interesting menu options that  that would make us want to return at some point. But not anytime soon.The service was good, but I'm sure there are better restaurants in Philadelphia. I was excited to try Fare, as it had over 4 stars on Yelp and touted local organic food.
The room is nice and we had a great table. But the coffee was bitter and actually pretty bad. Our meals (I was there with my wife and 2 teenage children) were okay, but the food was not great and some of the choices made by the kitchen were questionable - for example, my omelet with apple, cheddar and bacon sounded good, but I was expecting cooked apple chunks. Instead the omelet was made with cold apple slices, which completely threw off the balance. 
I wish we had experienced the food that everyone raves about, but as it is we won't be returning to Fare any time soon.So we went out for Saturday night. We got there around six and didn't have reservation but luckily, they had a table for us. It was our first time and we like the place immediately. The wait staff were all nice and we liked our Farmhouse Flat Bread, Seafood Pasta, and Flank Steak, finishing with chocolate lava cake. I think the portions were just right and priced right. We will definitely visit again!I've been here for lunch and dinner before and have always had a great meal. This time I went for Happy Hour. Overall the restaurant is a 4.5/5 but the Happy Hour is an easy 5/5. They have amazing beer, wine, cocktail and food specials. It's rare that you get great drinks and great food in the same happy hour. I started with beer $3 Palm and moved to cocktails. The cocktails were $6 and despite tasting very refreshing and light seemed to do the job when I stood up. The food was outstanding for $5 and the staff was very friendly and nice. It wasn't very crowded because of the weather but the bartender was very prompt but not overbearing. The decor inside gives a great feeling and mellow vibe but they still have sports on at the bar so you won't miss anything if you want to watch. It's nice to have good cheap drinks without drunken coeds and post-grads fighting you for a space at the bar to get shitty beer. I've lived in this area of the city for a year and a half and can't believe I haven't been here for Happy Hour before. Can't wait for a warm spring day to come back and do the same outside. Probably one of the best upscale happy hours in the city.Great place for quick bites and happy hour. Only sat at the bar so I can't speak for table service. The clean martini had very few ingredients but was smooth and tasty. The forbidden romance is made with St Germaine but ends up tasting pretty similar to a glass of Rose. Fish tacos were made with Mahi Mahi and were delicious. The sliders were just okay. Buns were toasted to perfection however the meat was under seasoned. Will return for more small plates and drinks.Went to Fare tonight with high hopes. The braised leeks and fennel, nicoise olives, goat cheese was good. The gingered beets, baby arugula and goat ricotta, walnut chutney salad was mediocre. The lamb shoulderblade was NOT GOOD. Very disappointing dining experience.Loved it!  The "house" salad was  chock full of the freshest ingredients.  We recommend the crabcake.  Not as impressed with the mussels.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The manager spent plenty of time providing the history of the restaurant - very enjoyable conversation.  Looking forward to our next visit!Really amazing neighborhood joint.  Great service. ..I drink copious amounts of water and never had my glass less than half full..the place was full. Saturday 7pm. You must get the shredded Brussels sprouts salad. The crab cakes...never had anything like this..avocado and crabmeat. Everything was stellar. $75.00 for 2 no drinks for us.Went the Saturday night before Easter...I guess the staff was unhappy with working a holiday weekend. While the staff was "nice", they were not what I would call restaurant quality. The waitress kept aggressively place things on the table...so each drink and plate  would come down with a thump. She also asked us, the 2 people sitting furthest from her (we were at a 4 top) to hand her our water glasses, once filled... They were left in the middle of the table. Then I ordered the $30 rack of lamb...she returns from the kitchen and says, "you got an old menu..so we don't serve that dish anymore, we could make it...but we don't have the pistachio crust anymore" Um..does that mean I'm eating last weeks meat??  That is NOT the way to remove one ingredient from a dish. Just say you don't have the pistachio. Needless to say...the food was good...but the service really ruined the experience. I will NOT be back. Too bad. Ps. When we left there was only two other tables seated... You think we received a goodnight or thank you? NOPEWe have been waiting for a long time for Fare to open for fine dining in fairmount.  We've dined twice and had a wonderful experience. I love the choice of sparkling water at no extra charge. The wine list is great and I highly recommend their house wine. The food was fresh, healthy and had reasonable portions. They don't try to get too fancy. Its just simple, elegant flavors.  I had the avocado crab cakes which were quite different than any preparation I've had.  Overall, we really like Fare and the friendly staff.I have been to Fare three times for brunch and was very pleased with the experience; This was our first stab at dinner. We were greeted by a numb hostess and it didn't get any better from there. We ordered a mixed greens salad, scallop ceviche, wild mushroom cakes, and the open face bison burger. The salad was delicious, the ceviche tasted like pasty coleslaw from a bad deli, the cakes were...proficient, and in spite of requesting medium rare - the burger was blood red on the inside. Fare bills itself as locally grown, yet there were tomatoes on the burger. Where in the Mid-Atlantic region can you find tomatoes growing in February? A more accurate name for this mediocre eatery would be Fair.Fare is Fair.
AP & HD ventured to Fare one friday evening in hopes of finding our new happy hour spot in Fairmount.
When we arrived we were told that happy hour only takes place at the bar, which was packed! So we opted to sit outside and forgo the specials...
The atmosphere is great! And we definitely enjoyed our drinks and food however, we think things might have tasted a little better had we not still had a bad taste in our mouth about Happy Hour specials only being offered at the bar.
We definitely would go back, but would take into consideration that we should probably go on a week night or get there a little earlier in order to receive the Happy Hour pricing.Horrible experience. We sat at the bar and the female brunette bartender was absolutely rude, inconsiderate, and unfriendly.  She made it seem like we were requesting so much just by asking for water, menus, ketchup, etc.  She never asked if we wanted refills, how our food was, or if we would like our check.  The passive aggressive behavior was unacceptable and she does not deserve a job in the service industry. I though the food was decent and had a previous good experience here, but I will definitely not be returning and will be telling others not to go here as well.  Service can ruin your entire experience!THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 10
Food - pork tacos / titos punch
Got in, got a drink, got food, left.  Overall, fairly average.  The tacos, compared to others seemed skimpy with the portion of pork being strictly rationed when compared to the size of the tortilla shell.  With the tacos at 2 for $3, though, it was a deal worth trying.  The drink was decent, however lacking any real flavor except for the bite of titos that hit you in the frontHad brunch here on a Saturday morning, nice calm atmosphere. The Fare Bloody Mary was really good and spicy. I would recommend the burger and the pancakes, only disappointment was the lobster grilled cheese but in hindsight mozzarella and lobster was a strange combination.Dined here last night with a group of friends for my bday.  Having read the reviews here prior, I would say most were pretty on par with our experience.
The ambiance is lovely.  It's whimsically charming with a calming essence.  The filtered (and free) sparkling water that came in delightful glass bottles was a hit and very refreshing!  The bread basket with hummus was also really good.  It had a good hint of garlic, without being overpowering.  We took a bit to order and the waitress was patient and answered any questions we had.  
I started with the ginger beets and arugula salad.  The beets were firm and fresh and the added walnut chutney was full of flavor.  The goat cheese ricotta was smooth and creamy.  Everything blended together well and my taste buds were in bliss.  The artichoke app was also full of intense flavor.  The artichokes were fresh and soft, and the romano cheese cheese and peas came together nicely.  Last was the avocado crabcake.  It was filled with lump pieces of crab and avocado and the breading was not overpowering or deep fried like some I've had in the past.  The kicker was the sweet chili sauce that had me craving more.  Definitely recommend!  It can be made as an app or entree.  Also can be prepared gluten free for anyone with an intolerance.  
Another thing that we were a fan of?  The salt and pepper shakers... instead of twisting to grind, you press down on a button and it was quite fun!
The only part that was lacking for us was the dessert.  I had the apple crisp and while I wouldn't say I didn't enjoy it, it felt more like a breakfast of oats and apples than a savory end of the meal treat.  
Great food, scene, and service.  I'll be back and grateful for this new addition to the neighborhood.1st time here....not disappointed. Started with oysters that were icy cold and fabulous. The drinks were NOT watered down. Had 2, and felt it. The meal.....where do I begin.....hubby got a ny strip that was soooo tender and flavorful...the potato croquet was amazing...even the broccoli was better than most...NOTHING WAS SALTY.  I had the seafood pasta....tremendous....just enough heat...perfection to max...will Def b back. Did I mention everything was fresh.....fresh....fresh!!!!Stopped in for a quick bite with a friend in between their menu changes . Our bartender Brenna informed us that they had a lite bite menu available and drinks . She was very helpful and informative about the drink list and the food items and even offered us a taste of the Striped Bass special for the evening and it was great . I definitely would recommend it for anytime .A friend and I went to fare for dinner last night. She had been telling me about it. And for good reason!
We had the hummus... So good! And the hummus was topped with these crazy good olives! (I know doesn't sound that crazy, but I work with fine foods and know my olives... These were really good!)
Next we had the grilled octopus salad. And I was taken back... At first i thought that our server (who was wonderful mind you!) and given us the wrong dish. The octopus was so soft that I thought it was chicken! Blew my mind!!!!
Then I had the vegetable cakes. It came with two cakes a mushroom cake and a carrot cake. The mushroom cake was great.... However it had nothing on that carrot cake!
My friend had the soft shell crab and she said she loved it!
Now I have never written a review on yelp... But this place is so good! And I can't wait to go back!!!!
Also they have a wonderful wine and beer list. Tons of seafood and vegetarian food. Really some thing for every one... More places should be as welcoming to people of all diets! 
Thank you fare!!!! Ya'll kick ass!!!!The food at fare is fairly fantastic. The leeks and fennel over creamy goat cheese combine three of the best foods known to humanity and allow you to experience something so amazing that you just might opt out of an entree and order another round. 
Paired with the Water of Life drink, you're on your way to ensuring centenarian status. It's rare that a cucumber laden beverage would impress a Jack-and-Coke fiend, but this sprightly beverage is as refreshing as bathing in the Irish Springs.We decided to eat here while visiting Eastern State Penitentiary. The food was pricey but looked good and the decor seemed pleasant. At first things looked down as we had arrived in between lunch and dinner; all they had was bar appetizers and mixed drinks. The hostess was kind enough to let us sit there for an hour, eating an appetizer, while dinner was prepared. Sure, it was a bit awkward being the only people in the establishment while the staff had their dinner pep-talk about 30 feet away, but we were hungry and the dinner menu looked so good.
By the time dinner started, we were ready for more food. The appetizer was very tasty but not very filling, plus we'd both had some good mixed drinks. Once the food started coming out, I can say it was well worth the wait. I had the bison which had a strong gamey taste that went well with the feta and spinach. We also had some truffle fries which were nicely done, with just enough chipotle spice for flavor and a slight burn. Our entire dining experience, although long, was well worth the price we paid.
If you're not into organic, fresh foods, with full natural flavor, I don't recommend here. We loved it, though, and will definitely be back in the future!I was very pleasantly surprised when I happened upon this restaurant on Fairmount.  It was hard to decide among all of the tasty-sounding items on the menu.  The place is bustling; there's a hum of activity and conversation.  The staff is friendly and attentive.
I've been twice.  The first time, I had the scallop ceviche and the krispy (their spelling) kale salad.  They were delicious--fresh and flavorful.  I returned and had the kale salad again, with a cheeseburger.  This time, the egg on the salad was undercooked.  The server said she comped the entire salad but she only took off $2.  I didn't balk at that, since I ate all of the kale and just left the egg behind (very easy to do when it's RAW).  The burger was delicious.  I didn't finish the hand-cut fries but they were tasty.
I will give them another try.  There are many more menu items I want to taste.Even dessert tasted light and healthy. Not sure if I can buy in to this healthy eating!
Seriously, nice ambiance and attentive service. We enjoyed our meals, but certainly short of  "amazing". Also, pricier than the $$ rated here on yelp though perhaps if you came here for the flatbread that rating will fit.
There are a lot of restaurants in this neighborhood so I'd like to try some others before deciding on a return visit.Better experience this time! We went for brunch instead of dinner. The lobster grilled cheese is excellent. Fish tacos were good. Good Bloody Mary not excellent. Great outdoor seating. Will be coming back to give dinner a second try!My friend and I ordered the following:  braised leeks with fennel goat cheese, olives and crostini, gingered beet salad with arugula, goat cheese and walnut chutney. For main courses we got the chicken meatballs with kale and fingerling potatoes and the BBQ seitan with polenta and broccoli rabe. The braised leeks were a winner - though it was undersalted. Once we salted it, it was fantastic.  Gingered beet salad was OK, though it was also underseasoned (salt and pepper).  The BBQ seitan was disappointing, I won't order it again.  First, it looked unappetizing (both seitan and polenta were plopped onto my plate). Second, the seitan was too soft for my liking. I think it should be grilled or pan fried until it's brown and firm. The BBQ sauce was great but they lost me on the seitan itself. My broccoli rabe was a little wet (too much oil?) and undersalted but the other seasoning was great. The polenta was salted appropriately but the appearance could use a little help. Maybe a polenta cake or slice would have been more visually appealing. I didn't taste the chicken meatballs but my friend seemed to enjoy it. I did taste the kale in the dish and it was really flavorful.  
The service from our bartender and waitstaff was very attentive and entertaining (they definitely had distinct personalities and were not shy about showing them.) Portion sizes were definitely shareable.
I'll go back again just for the leeks and to experiment more with the small plates (and the chocolate cake that  a guy at the bar was eating joyfully) but I think their vegetarian entrees need a little work. There was only one other choice (mushroom cakes with edamame humus and carrot cake with asparagus salsa.  Maybe the meat eaters will have a better experience.I'm a fan of Fare, but my last visit is causing me to reevaluate how much I like Fare. Don't get me wrong, I love the concept of a restaurant that serves organic, local food. The food is fine, the beer list is good and the mimosas were mostly champagne with a splash of orange juice. My last visit was just a little off-putting. 
For one, I just found myself struggling to pick something off the brunch menu on my most recent visit. I was feeling an omelet but neither the meat or veggie special of the day did anything for me. The meat omelet consisted of salmon and lox, and the veggie omelet consisted of mushrooms. I ended up going with the breakfast burrito even though I didn't want that massive of a meal. 
The southwest burrito was stuffed with eggs, pulled pork, black beans, cheddar, pico de gallo and topped with chili. The burrito itself was tasty and very enjoyable. I just remembered it being bigger and coming with a side salad. I know I just said I didn't want a massive meal, but it's never a good thing when portions get smaller and sides are removed. 
My second issue was the service. I was there with a large group after the Hot Chocolate Run. Everyone has certain expectations of large group dining scenarios, and I always enter them with an extra drop of patience. While our food came within 30 minutes of ordering, it was hard to get a server to even stop by our table to take our drink orders. Some beverages were forgotten, some extra beverages were added to the bill and some food items just came out wrong. With the number of races scheduled each year in the Fairmount area, one would think Fare would be prepared and thriving with large group brunches. Although my group dining service expectations are never high, I was fairly disappointed with the service we actually got. 
I still like Fare and would absolutely go back, I just need to bump them down on my Fairmount priority list.My fave, had an amazing birthday dinner there. Get the flat bread and sliders!!!Yum!  Did the price-fixe Eastern State Pent deal and I was not disappointed.   We had a bit of everything -- memorable dishes include the Beet Salad, the Salmon, and the Crispy Tuna Roll.  They even accommodated my request to have the sauces/glazes on the side.  Definitely will be returning to check out brunch.warning: hummus is positively loaded with garlic.
the farmhouse flatbread was delicious and cooked perfectly, even though i dislike bacon. it was a good starter. my ceasar salad was very good too, and my friend enjoyed her beet salad. overall not a bad experience. the space is warm and inviting, and i can see why people love this place. some of the other menu items sounded delicious but were a bit out of my price range.Came in on a Friday night and was seated promptly in their cozy out doors area, I'm a sucker for al fresco dining and would opt for it at any given opportunity. The al fresco seating was great and roomy. 
We ordered a calamari, tuna tartare, and a seafood pasta. They also gave us complimentary bread and hummus. The bread and hummus was good but a little bland and maybe they can toast the bread next time. The calamari was light and airy albeit also bit bland in my opinion. The tuna tartare was good no complaints there. The seafood pasta was also good and had plenty of seafood. 
The service was attentive and prompt. I really only had minor qualms about this place but nothing about it blew me away. I found the food good and service just as good. I would love to give it more stars. I can't even pinpoint what can be done to go from good to excellent but just as a whole I found it as an ok experience with nothing particularly compelling. I would like to try it again and hopefully raise the review.I so wanted to give this place 4 stars, but I just couldn't. The main reason being the service. I had made a reservation for a party of three for a Friday evening at 9pm. Our assigned table wasn't immediately ready so we were told it would be a few minutes. I get it, it's Friday, they're crowded and you can't force someone to leave their table so another party can be sat. That being said, I just wish the staff would have been more attentive. The hostess told us our table was still occupied when we were first told to wait then... that was it. For the next 25 minutes the hostess stared at us as we waited awkwardly in the front entrance (they don't really have the room to wait). Not once were we offered a seat at the bar, or a drink, or even a menu while we waited. 
Once finally seated, the wine was delicious. They had a fairly large selection and the hummus app I ordered was tasty and very filling. Our waitress never said anything to us about our wait, and was quasi-attentive throughout the evening.
I would most likely go again, but with the notion I may have to wait awhile to get my wine.Fare is a great place to go when you want an amazing cocktail and little something to eat and don't want to break the bank. They currently have a Manhattan on the menu that has bacon infused bourbon in it and it is safe to say I'm in love. All the entrees they offer are amazing. Not one flop of an item. I tend to sit at the bar and love watching the bar tenders skillfully and charmingly make cocktails while engaging all their customers. I know they have outdoor seating and a patio but I have never sat there. Fare is a great spot to begin a night out!Truffle fries are amazing! Great pita and dips. Helpful, friendly staff and ouzo on the house!I really love the design and concept of this place (interior, exterior, and logo), and the menu descriptions looked very enticing, but I felt the food did not live up to the vibe given off by the external appearance, menu descriptions, and pricing. For the price point, I would expect a bit more care and complexity in flavors. We had the Crispy Tuna Roll, Scallop Ceviche, and Southwest Burrito, and were not blown away by any of these selections. 
The Crispy Tuna Roll was interesting: encrusted seared tuna, sliced and served over some type of vinaigrette and embellished by some micro greens. For $14 and its small size, I felt like there needed to be more flavor and complexity in the dish. I felt the same way about the Scallop Ceviche, which is listed as accompanied with cilantro, jalapeño, onion, cucumber, coconut milk - except I could only taste the coconut milk. The dish could have used some citrus flavoring (I thought that was a central aspect of ceviches) and a pinch of salt and pepper. 
The Southwest Burrito tasted OK. It was essentially a breakfast burrito with pulled pork, eggs, black beans, cheddar, and green chili. I didn't mind it, but given its price of $13, I definitely was not wowed by it. I could have gotten the same burrito elsewhere in town for half the price, especially if eggs and beans are used as fillers. I wonder if the upcharge was because they cut it in half and placed it on a white plate. Overall, I did not lose any sleep over this experience (only a bit more money than I should have spent), but I would not be rushing back to experience it again.I really liked the atmosphere here. We were seated outside and the outside setting was great. The service and the drinks were great.  However the food in my opinion was disappointing.  I ordered calamari as an appetizer and it was not crispy and very greasy, which usually means the oil was not hot enough. The main courses where ok at best. I would recommend this place for drinks and the ambiance but I don't think I will be back for dinner.Excellent flatbread. Breakfast burrito was good although it would be much better with salsa. Relaxing patio seating next to building. 
Also a nice beer selection. 
I would come back if in the area.Fine dining comes to Fairmount. I must admit, I was somewhat expecting a super pretentious place given the culinary point of view of this place: all organic, local, blah blah blah. I appreciate that stuff but I generally associate it with experiences like the first episode of Portlandia... "the chicken's name was Colin, here are his papers". 
With that being said, I couldn't have been more off-base. We sat outside and enjoyed a lovely Friday evening meal that was all vegetarian. And a word about that: with the exception of Belgian Cafe and Mugshots, there is no vegetarian food in the neighborhood. But I digress...
The plates we had were awesome: the cashew cheese, pink peppercorn salad; the baby artichokes; and the bbq seitan. 
Nut cheeses are awesome. The cashew cheese at Fare is a perfect example. It was slightly salty, very creamy, and perfectly seasoned with crushed pink peppercorns. It came with sprouts and oranges. Delicious.
The artichokes were nice because they were savory and slightly garlicy with whole cloves of roasted garlic. A nice balance to the sweet salad.
Finally, the seitan was insanely good. How do you get burnt ends like on a beef brisket on wheat gluten? Well they figured it out. It was so good! and the spicy sauce was a nice touch, I just wish there was more of it. 
Washed down with a half liter of Argentinian white wine was great. And that wine held up to the spicy bbq and the garlic in the artichokes.
Good addition to a neighborhood that already holds its own in the restaurant landscape.Perhaps the worst place I've been to for brunch with my family. The service was extremely poor. The food was okay. Simple things like toast was burnt. They ran out of things but they never told us at the beginning of the meal. Simple things like potatoes again. The weights are extremely long for at best okay food. I would certainly not go back again. The food is okay. The service is much below average. The prices are not fair for the what you get. I suggest looking at alternative options in the area. There are many. Would not go back here.It was very good. I didn't come home raving about it, but I'd give it a second shot without hesitation. 
The Malbec we ordered was fantastic. Wine is served either by the glass or 1.5L which made sharing among 4 people tricky. We had to order two 1.5L which absolutely makes them money. 
I ordered the duck confit which was superb, and the others ordered the steak, the braised lamb, and the veal chop special (all of which had exactly the same sides). The veal came out looking and tasting like pork. When the waitress set it down on the table she even said pork and then corrected herself. I have never seen veal so tough and thick and white on the inside. 
About halfway through the chop, my boyfriend asked the waitress if it was really veal, and after scoffing at us then inquiring with the chef, she came back to say that apparently grass-fed veal has a tougher texture. I'm still skeptical. Kind of funny to think about taking care to grass-feed an animal and then kill it when it's young. Somewhat of an oxymoron, I'd say. But he very much enjoyed the chop.
The scallop appetizer was great but only came with two scallops. The butternut squash soup was a huge bowl, but was over peppered and watery. 
Overall, I'm leaning more towards 3.5 stars, but the quality of the ingredients was high and I will come back to give it another try.We had family coming to town for brunch so my husband and I had our usual dilema...where will we go?? After weighing the options- new spots, old favorites, staying local or heading across town- we decided on Fare. What a great decision! 
We were able to easily make an Opentable reservation. Although when we arrive we were even more easily able to get a good spot in the little outdoor courtyard. It was so cute out there! So I always knew they had a courtyard from passing by but I had no idea that the wall had such a cute decor and the tables had little cushioned benches on one side. 
We started with the hummus plate for the table and a mimosa for myself and my husband. The drinks came out almost immediately after ordering and the hummus plate came out pretty quickly thereafter. The  hummus plate was the perfect size for our party of three people and it came with carrots, celery and pita for dipping. In the hummus, there was roasted red pepper and olives, which all sat on a bed of lettuce. The dish was pretty tasty but I wasn't in love with how the pepper came out. There was one long piece that we needed to divide amongst the group- unless I'm missing the point and it was just there for decoration. A lot of the hummus also got stuck to lettuce, which made it difficult to scoop up. All in all, it was very enjoyable and we appreciated the abundance of carrots/celery- versus a pita heavy dish. 
As an omlette lover I was curious about their veggie and meat ommlettes of the day. Neither piqued my interest so I went with the Breakfast Burrito. As much as I love Breakfast Burritos, I usually try to avoid them as they can just be fattening food wrapped in huge carb. I truly didn't feel it was the case with this breakfast burrito! To start, it was wrapped with a whole wheat wrap. The egg was only in a very thin layer next to the wrap, which I appreciated. The burrito itself was stuffed with spinach, roasted sweet potato, ground chorizo and a light touch of cheddar. By no means was this the typical "heart attack on a plate" breakfast burrito I am used to. I really enjoyed the huge role that the spinach and sweet potato played in this dish. It came with a side salad, which was a nice touch and complimented the burrito well. The salad was mostly greens with a small amount of cherry tomatoes and some celery.   Hubby ordered the Brioche French Toast and I barely heard a peep out of him once the food arrived...that's the sound of pure enjoyment when we dine. 
Our waitress was friendly and fairly attentive. There were several other severs helping with water and food delivery. There were several times the table could have used a water refill but the courtyard was probably at 75% occupancy by the time we finished our meal. 
And there we have it...another restaurant to add to the "favorites" list when selecting a spot for brunch.Great fresh food... Great service!! Especially enjoy their gingered beets, baby arugula and goat ricotta, walnut chutney and duck confit with ginger rhubarb sauce, roasted radicchio! Really great place with a comfortable yet classy atmosphere. Highly recommend!!We were a bit rushed for another appointment so we just had entrees, but our meals were very tasty.  We had the duck confit and avocado crab cakes.
The duck is definitely recommended and well made.  The crab cakes overall were good, but I didn't get the avocado... it didn't add anything (either taste-wise or texture-wise) to the crab cakes and it probably could have done without them.
I'd come back to try a full meal here.Understanding and appreciating what Fare is attempting, the food gives me little pleasure.  Two meals and I've had the same reaction to each - simply too subtle.  Even the chocolate torte lacked flavor.  The service was good and the atmosphere was very pleasant.  And it's not too pricey.  But I can't recommend it to people who like conventionally delicious food.  For people who like natural and subtle flavors, may be worth trying.Fare was only fair.
We had dinner there on 5/25/18, in their outdoor patio.  Room was nice and comfortable.  Food was overpriced, given its quality and the service we received.
My wife had fish tacos with roasted potatoes and corn and pronounced them OK, but nothing special.  I had their cheeseburger with, the menu said, mushrooms, pastrami, and the usual accompaniments, plus a huge pile of French fries.  The burger had two tiny pieces of pastrami and was cooked to order, medium, but just seemed to fall short, with little toothiness to it.  The fries weren't hateful, but were not crisp.  Both entrees were listed on the menu at $19.
Our check priced the burger at $21 and was adjusted when we brought it to the server's attention.  She said that the pastrami used to be extra, so she hit the pastrami button and it added $2.00 -- way too much in any case for the amount provided.
We had had brunch here a few weeks ago and had found it good and interesting enough to come back for dinner tonight.  Although we live only a 5-minute walk from Fare, we're unlikely to be back.Fare is a great addition to Fairmount.  It has a nice bar area.  LOVE the "very clean martini" made with white grape juice!!  The food is organic and clean.  The crab cake was excellent - and I don't eat crab cakes!  We had a nice casual dinner by the bar by ordering a few appetizers.  Another thing that I love about Fare that I haven't seen in other restaurants is: they bring you your own water jug and you have the choice of sparkling water or still water. I love that!!  We will be back! 
note to restaurant: I wish that you would extend your happy hour! It goes until 6 during the weekdays and I can't get there in time. Would love to stop in before 7 for a very clean martini :)This place has a great looking menu which I hope to work through over the next couple of months. Everything on the menu has some sort of flourish without being too exotic. So far I've had the onion soup, cauliflower mash, barbequed tempeh with polenta and bison burger. 
(1) Complicated enough food that I probably couldn't cook it at home.
(2) Cheap enough to go regularly.
(3) atmosphere nice enough to go for a special occasion. 
Reminds me of Audrey Claire.Wow! This place was phenomenal! I loved the modern decor. The bathrooms were clean and the food was great! We ordered the truffle fries, eggs any style, and the strawberry French toast. We were beyond satisfied. Portions are big...so be careful! We did not like the vinegary sauce they put on tho potatoes...not sure what it was. But other than that, great places for brunch!The food here was great! Great place for a nice date night. I had the flank steak that was cooked perfectly and my lady friend got the crab cakes. I highly recommend the crab cakes! While the steak was delicious, the crab cakes were easily the best I've had! The staff was also incredibly friendly too! I definitely recommend eating here at least once if you ever come to Philly.Food was good, decent brunch menu. Service was a little slow for not being very busy.Would have gotten fours stars, but no cats allowed and we found homeless cats in a window two doors down = minus 2 stars.  We arrived unnoticed by the waitstaff and hostess. We can only assume who was the hostess by our own inquisitions as to what table we could sit at. All the wood is brand-new, overall the restaurant has an eclectic modern flair, literally. We accepted the complimentary still water.  Beth had a Gus Lager from Russia and Gus had a cocktail entitled, The Water of Life, which naturally is served on the rocks. Gus was enthusiastic to see that not only was their menu vegetarian friendly, but there was a pescatarian flatbread, literally.  We started off with our complementary hummus served in a plate shaped like a hat and a fresh salad with nuts in it, mmm tangy. In the end we got the BBQ seitan with brocoli rabe and risotto and chicken meatballs served over a bed of Betty Crocker scalloped potatoes topped with crusty tomato sauce and spinach. $16.50. For dessert we had a special dessert with... the desert wasn't very good at all, it sucked. Beth thought it was nutty and fruity. $7. After spending $90, we left... sustained. As we walked east on Fairmont towards Spring Garden, our pockets empty, we realized we learned a valuable lesson, 'fair is not fare".My wife and I were there for the second time,last weekend,this time for lunch.The first time was for dinner.Both times we were treated to delicious cuisine and the service was good as well.We have a hard time finding Organic Restaurants when we go out of town,but we have been very pleased with Fare,on both occasions.We have been very fortunate,since we went organic 4 years ago to find such excellent dinnig in Philadelphia.We will be back again.I went to Fare on a first date and it was a very good choice of venue because it was very quiet and we could hear eachother speak. We went on the hottest day of the year, for Saturday brunch. The restaurant was all but deserted. we sat there for 12:45 to 3pm and there were maybe 4 other parties over that duration. Probably people were just staying in due to heat.
The brunch menu is small but varied. I ordered the potato cake (latke) with smoked salmon and some sort of yoghurt sauce and little salad. The salad was very flavorful. and the potato cake was crisp at the edges and ok in the middle. I think the sauce really caused it to uncrisp. It was a very tasty meal, just the right size too. My date had the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and he  said it was good. For dessert I had coconut ice cream which was so refreshing and he had the chocolate mousse which really looked divine. 
Service was very attentive and good, and the prices seemed very reasonable. I would definitely go to FARE again!Wow, farmhouse flatbread was ridiculously tasteful. Also had the softshells special and it was so good.  So many choices on the beer and wine list, but would love to see a beer or two on draft.Unbelievable place. Magda (my server) was great and helped me pick a great meal. Had a "first date" and the bartender Courtney was just as great. Definitely will come back more oftenSomething for everyone. Have a vegan relative? Got it. Have a family member that only eats gluten free? Got it. Steak lover? Got it. Organic? It's their specialty.
The menu changes once in awhile. My favorite dish was their seitan and orange vegetable rice dinner. It was amazing. Too bad they don't have it anymore. On their current menu their mushroom cakes and broccoli is pretty good too. 
This place tends to be a little pricey, so I would suggest coming and sampling their dishes during happy hour. I also hear they have great brunch. I hope to update my review with that soon.It's a cute, trendy restaurant. Our drinks were good as were the chocolate lava and cream brûlée. The avocado toast plate was disappointing. No seasoning on the avocado or the eggs. The bread was too thick and not toasted. The staff was wonderful but here's the biggest disappoint. We called to be sure this is an organic restaurant as is advertised online. I called and they told us it is. As it turns out it used to be organic and no longer is. We will not be returning.This was my first time here, and I couldn't be more thrilled. A reservation that I had made at another restaurant was dropped due to overbooking. As it was Mother's Day I was in a panic to find someplace nice to eat brunch with my mother. The staff here went above and beyond to accommodate me and not only make room for us but set a place for us outside so we could enjoy the weather. They were attentive and the food was spectacularFood is always great. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Fairmount, but we stopped going because the service has been horrendous a few times. The waitress we had was rude and complained about her bad day and treated us like dirt. The manager George stood in as our waiter one day and he told us he was too busy and to quickly give our order. Before we spoke he took our menus for us. Both Terrible experiences.Fantastic newish restaurant. Had the Pork Chop and my husband had the chicken thighs. The food was amazing. I loved that everything was sustainable. The cocktails and beer list was thoughtful and delicious. Service was great. Possibly one of the best meals I've had all year. Definitely check it out!First time at Fare last evening.  Looking forward to this restaurant that prides itself on being organic.  Service was attentive and professional.  The decor was welcoming and charming.  The wine list was extensive and well thought out. Most of our food was delicious.  I was disappointed in the bison entree.  The ground bison meat was dry and tasteless.  I was looking at some of the other entrees and regret not going with seafood or a salad.  My dining companion had a wonderful salad with octopus that was delicious!  I recommend this restaurant but caution you to avoid the disappointing buffalo.This is the real deal. Food is simple, fresh, good for you AND it tastes GREAT. We arrived there famished after walking for a couple hours through dubious parts of town. We ordered the fish tacos and the veggie omelet. They were so good that we decided to go for desert. A blueberry tart and citrusi all-vegan cheescake. These people really know what they are doing! Both were delicious. Besides the food, the place is really nice,  loved the simple decor with tasteless touches, and service was prompt and friendly. In sum, I'd be there every week if I lived in Philly!I was pleasantly surprised to find a place right around the corner with a good brunch. I've driven by here a thousand times & thought...what a cute place to hang outside, eat & people watch while getting drunk. The brunch menu was pretty limited but still covered all the bases. I went with the Hanger Steak Eggs Benedict. I'm not really into runny eggs but thought I'd take a chance. The steak was cooked to medium rare perfection & very flavorful with a blackened exterior...two-thumbs up. Although the the hollandaise sauce took my mind of the egg situation...I was only brave enough to burst one open. Although it looked good, my stomach is just not built for yellow gooey egg all over my plate. I'll definitely go back for brunch & maybe happy hour!!I was in town for the weekend and went to Fare with the family and girlfriend for my birthday dinner. 
Overall it was a great experience. Our waitress was attentive and engaging, the atmosphere was modern and cozy, and the food was delicious. 
I loved the spanish bbq flatbread - it's now on my all-time favorite appetizers list and was the most memorable food item of my trip.  
I got the New York Strip steak - very delicious, nothing absolutely spectacular but my culinary acuity isn't sharp enough (yet) to distinguish a more detailed evaluation. Just know that it's worth going!Great restaurant, great service, great food, a Phila treasure. Do not bypass this placeWe were looking for somewhere reasonably priced with outdoor seating for brunch in Fairmount. On our way to the place we had picked, we passed Fare and were immediately attracted to the fabulous outdoor patio area that was full of sunshine. We were seated immediately and our server stopped over within about two minutes. We ordered coffee and then proceeded to wait at least fifteen minutes (literally) for our server to bring it out. She said she had to brew it fresh...
We ordered our food which was enjoyable: brioche French toast with bananas and caramel sauce, crispy bacon, a breakfast burrito with yummy chorizo sausage and sweet potato. I've give this place two stars because of the super slow service and because while good, the food wasn't as great as staple brunch places like Cafe Lift or Sabrinas. If I'm going to spend $20+/person for brunch it needs to be great.I wanted to love Fare, but it wasn't meant to be.  It was just okay.
The pork osso bucco was a huuuuge piece of tender meat, but the apricot/plum glaze just didn't work well with it (even though I generally love meat and fruit combos).  The polenta was decent by itself but didn't compliment the pork at all ... I ended up eating the meat and polenta separately as a result.
The BBQ seitan had much more of a spicy *tomato* sauce instead of a barbeque sauce, unfortunately.  It wasn't bad per se but they should honestly change the menu wording to reflect the difference.  It didn't sit well with my wife (who never EVER sends back food) so we ordered the apple/cheddar flatbread instead.  The flatbread was pretty good and I would recommend it.
Great location, atmosphere, service.  Organic, local, sustainable.  Lots of reasonably priced wine-by-the-glass options and fun menu choices on paper ... but unfortunately, the food itself wasn't at the same high level as everything else at Fare.i've been here a couple of times for brunch. huge portions for the cost. ability to make reservations. alcoholic beverages for that extra special drunk brunch. gluten free bread option (though NOT the best gluten free bread.) what else do you need?The service here is terrible. I went in yesterday and the bartender was very unwelcoming. I read previous reviews about the bartenders acting less than pleased about serving guests, and by serving I mean the bare bones.. Asking for water, etc.
Our food took so long too. 12-15 mins for a mixed green salad? The bartender noticed too. She said "sorry, the dining room just got full." There were like 3 tables. We were trying to leave so we asked for our pizza to be boxed up and then the bartender said, "oh, is it because it took too long?" Well, yeah. 
Their happy hour specials are awesome and so is the space. But, the service is awful and the food takes forever. Expect to wait 20 mins for fries and a house salad.I have to first say that I REALLY want to love this restaurant, so the fact that I am giving it 3 stars is difficult for me.  Fairmount is due for a more "fine dining" restaurant, so I am glad that Fare is a part of our neighborhood now.  The decor is beautiful, and the restaurant itself has a great vibe.  Everybody is friendly, but the crux of the whole operation is the service.  The waitress that we had was very prompt with bringing us fresh glasses of wine, but the food took an extraordinarily long time to come out.....like 30 minutes between app and entree.  I can understand if it is a very busy night or the plates are very complicated, but it was thursday, and my husband and I got more basic meals.  The food itself was good, not great, not bad....good.  
I would definitely like to come back and get something different to prove myself wrong!  I guess to sum it up, I am not dying to go back in a week, but I wouldn't say no if some friends suggested it again.Meh. The food is not very tasty. I won't be returning. I had the pasta shells in vodka sauce and it was mediocre and my fiance had the bison burger which tasted bland. Service was good.A friend wanted to take me out for dinner to celebrate my birthday so we came here. I chose this place because of its proximity to another event I was attending later. The reviews seemed "iffy" but the location was convenient for me, so I went with it. I called to see if I needed a reservation for that evening and was told it wasn't necessary. I arrived around 6pm on a Thursday and the restaurant was completely empty. There were a few people at the bar but we were the only table seated the entire time we were there. This also gave me pause--I considered leaving but I'm glad I stayed. We started with the oysters and truffle fries for appetizers. Both were great choices! The oysters were fresh and served with cocktail sauce and vinegar. The fries were amazing and went perfectly with the aioli sauce. For dinner we had the lamb chops, shrimp flatbread and Caesar salad. The salad was huge, the flatbread was flavorful. The lamb was over cooked (I ordered it medium and it was mostly brown throughout) but it was seasoned well. I didn't care for the sauce that came with it but I enjoyed the beets that I got as a side. For cocktails we tried the industry sour which was horrible and apparently gets sent back frequently, and a bourbon, ginger, maple syrup drink (I forget the name, grandmas cocktail or something) that was very tastySat at the bar last night and it did not disappoint. I had a few cocktails which were excellent and very unique. I rarely order cocktails out because I feel like my tastes are different from most people (but I do love a good margarita) but I found 2 that I loved on their menu. I was pleasantly surprised to find they had real Creme de Cassis available, first time I have seen that in PA. 
Also the baked sweet potato fries were delicious! Although I am a sucker for anything with sriracha, so that may have had something to do with my loving them. I also had one of the cheeses they have on the bar menu and they give you about 3 times what I would expect for $4 so that was an excellent deal. 
Still my favorite place in the neighborhood, will definitely be enjoying their cocktails and bar snacks again soon.Went on a busy Friday night for the "Terror Behind the Walls" and Dinner special. Staff were clear in their communication and friendly. They worked quickly to find us seats even though we were 15 minutes late to the reservation. Once seated, the waitress quickly took orders and recommended good drinks (including a great smores cocktail).  The food selection was varied for a Prix fixe with 3 courses. We made a point to try a different food item with each course. The food was good but not exceptional. The main issue and common theme with the majority of the courses was the amount of salt used was simply too much. Whether the arugula in the beet salad, salmon, potatoes, or beef, all had a level of salt which made ours lips burn by the end of the night. The food wasn't inedible by any means and I know some friends who would prefer food cooked like this. The dessert I ordered was a play on an ice cream sandwich and tasted great. However the cookies were too hard to be eaten as a true ice cream sandwich. 
We were in a rush to make our scheduled "Terror Behind the Walls" reservation so were not interested in sending food back ( which was only considered with the salmon). However, when the manager delivered our tickets for the event we mentioned the salt and he immediatly apologized, gave us his card, and asked us to come back and ask for him so he could treat us. His response to our feedback is whatmade this a 4 star rather than 3.I enjoyed the pineapple, coconut water infused cocktail. Had the octopus to start and salmon for my main course. Octopus was a bit bland, the grilled salmon was great. Plate sizes were decent. Over all great atmosphere, reasonable priced and not too overdone. I felt relaxed and enjoyed my meal and conversation without the noise I've grown so accustomed to in restaurants here in Philadelphia.I like that Fare promotes fresh and local eats, but feel their delivery is lacking. Even though I've been here a few times now, they haven't done much to impress me yet. They have a great location/outdoor area and attractive menu, but every dining experience I've had here has been pretty average. My latest visit for dinner was during Art Museum restaurant week. It was a good deal for 3-courses, but still nothing to rave about.
For now, I'll keep Fare in mind for drinks more so than dinner. I stopped in for pre-dinner drinks on Saturday and just enjoyed a martini at the bar.My friend and I went here for dinner on a Saturday night- we got seated right away and the hostess/waiters were very friendly. Very modern looking- I enjoyed the whole interior design.  
We shared the chicken meatballs and the turkey sloppy joe- both were very flavorful and awesome.  I was quite satisfied with my meal- definitely will be going back!Fare was amazing!  Some of the best food I've had in a long time.  The atmosphere is welcoming while also being attractive and modern.  
As a table we tried at least 6 dishes and they were all great.  Everything is organic and healthful and incredibly tasty.  The flavors in each dish are perfect.  The crab cakes are to die for and I don't like crab cakes normally.  The leeks as an appetizer were one of the favorite things on the table.  Everything was amazing!  I wish this were closer to me because I would be here at least once a week.  Oh, and all the waitstaff were friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  Overall a wonderful dinner experience!Very nice place for drinks or dinner. Staff is great and the menu is very fresh. In a great location too for site seeing.The food here was perfectly described by "Meh".  It was not bad, but decidedly not good.  The onion soup was maybe actually bad.  It was watery and lacking flavor but was at least offset by a decent piece of grilled cheese (but really how hard is it to make good grilled cheese?).  Across the board the food looked good, was well presented, but lacked in completeness.  The flavors in each dish were not carefully considered at all, or if they were, unsuccessfully.  This place has potential if a talented chef were brought in to revamp the menu.My go-to brunch menu item is the Veggie Omelet of the Day. It comes with a nice side salad that includes watermelon radishes, which is an excellent touch. This dish used to come with roasted sweet potatoes, but Fare has recently switched to serving fried potatoes -- not good. The potatoes are now really thinly sliced and deep fried - almost like potato chips - and get way to crispy. They are not special at all, and kind of unhealthy - since almost all surface area is fried (hello acrylamide). PLEASE, PLEASE BRING BACK THE ROASTED SWEET POTATOES AS AN OPTION - I'LL PAY EXTRA!Appropriately named restaurant, the food is just fair. Ive dined here 4-5 times and each time something has been very good and something else pretty off. Inconsistency and plenty of bad items to order make this place okay at best.Really not awesome.  Asked for a wine recommendation between two reds and we were served an extraneous rose.  Fried cheese appetizer was far too greasy and required several bread requests to be edible; later made us both sick.  My salad was fine and the flatbread was fine, according to my partner.  Bottom line:  nothing was very good, everything was pricey, service was mediocre, and sickness followed the meal.  Can't say i'll be back.Cute restaurant/bar on Fairmount Ave.  I think of it more on the restauranty than bar but their bar section is good for meeting a friend for a drink.  Good variety of beer options at the bar.  Happy Hour seems to attract couples/dates and they do a pretty good brunch  where it gets pretty crowded on the weekends.I met 2 friends with 2 small children here for brunch & I can describe the experience with one word: perfection!
My friends ordered the omelette of the day & I had the strawberry Creme French toast. We had strong coffee & strong drinks and a very attentive & sweet server (I forget his name but he told me he was from LBI). They were very busy for brunch! With 2 small children with us, we were grateful they took reservations.
This is a must stop for foodies & those who prefer fantastic organic food.