Came Saturday w/ friends at 11:30am. Half off happy hour top shelf liqueur. Had the best Bloody Mary EVER.
The crab cake omelet was outstanding I went without the hollandaise sauce not necessary if you want to taste the sweetness of the crab, fluffy eggs and fresh vegetables. I was surprised at the size of the potions and the amount of crab and vegetables in my omelet excellent value for the money.  
Salads looked wonderful and the French toast smelled amazing. Wonderful tea selections and good coffee.  Come hungryTip: Happy hour is until 7 on weekdays. 1/2 price beer, wine, and cocktails.
Now on the my review. I've been to Farmicia many times in the past. I really enjoy taking friends here because they have vegan and meat items on the menu. Something for both os us! Farmicia is BYOB, which is a huge plus. The restaurant is clean and I enjoy the atmosphere. 
Being vegan, I like having some menu items dedicated to me. I'd like a few more options, but I think what they have is solid. There is usually a vegan soup to choose from and some menu items can be made vegan upon request. I've always had good service at Farmicia. The staff is friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend Farmicia.Went for Restaurant Week and we were pleasantly surprised! We like to try places we've never been for RW which makes me nervous, but it was very tasty. Hubby had the meatballs, pork, and sorbet, and he really enjoyed it all. I had the crab meat salad with the avocado and pears and it was delicious! So much crab meat and the pears gave it a nice fresh, sweet bite. My entree was the chicken, which I don't usually order in restaurants because it's not very exciting. But I asked the waiter and he recommended it over the fish I was considering. It was moist and had a lot of flavor. Creme brûlée for dessert was good as well, but that's hard to mess up. We look forward to trying Farmicia for brunch next time!Awesome brunch spot! Food was amazing and very filling. Philly's gem of a spotMy new favorite. My husband who is not a fan of out of the ordinary vegetable has been more open minded since we had dinner together at Farmacia. The crab salad with asia pears and a mint dressing is something I could eat everyday in the summer. I love to cook and this restaurant has been such a inspiration to me.We came here for Sunday brunch around 1 and we didn't have to wait at all, we were seated right away. The service was great and food was above average. I just didn't think it's outstanding compare to other chicken and waffles I had prior to this. My one friend got salmon Benedict which I tried and it is pretty good. However, I really didn't like the quantity of the food, it's considered small and none of them come with any sides.Farmicia worked out well for Sunday brunch with a group of seven, who all enjoyed their meals. I was very happy with the shrimp-and-grits entree. The shrimp was plump, firm, and full-flavored. The grits were decadently creamy but not excessively so, and the bits of crispy bacon made the meal seem very luxurious.
I've been to Farmicia a few times over the years, and found it to be somewhat hit or miss. In this case, however, I enjoyed a very fine meal.
Even with the restaurant being packed, the food came out reasonably fast and our server was present and attentive. The acoustics in the restaurant are very good--we were able to hear one another speak, even from across the table, without shouting. I appreciate this in a place, especially when you are with a large group.All I can say is yum! Delicious and inspiriting food for vegetarians and meat lovers alike. Beautifully plated, thoughtful dishes that look as wonderful as they taste. Warm atmosphere and attentive service. Definitely a not to miss spot!Went for dinner.  Environment was nice with a bit of welcome space between us and other guests.  The hostess and servers were pleasant, our waiter not so much.  The flavors in all entrees were very good, but suffered from being precooked and served warm instead of hot.  Skip dessert, there are better options in Center City.Farmicia has hands-down the best brunch I've ever had. I've been twice so far and can't wait to go back again. They have a "happy hour" during brunch where you can get any specialty drink for $5. My favorite is the Farmhouse Sangria. For food, the lump crab omelette is amazing. You can really taste the "farm fresh" quality in everything.Everything I ordered was delicious including the drinks. I had the two bourbon drinks on the menu and both were delicious. The French toast is a highly recommend and the lobster omelette is a must..The brunch is very tasty and the menu is quite good for brunch. I liked the morning happy hour and the ability to order single slices of french toast--It really allowed you to diversify your meal and try multiple things. The drink menu was affordable and the food was very good. The service was wonderful, and the waitress was very attentive and explained the menu well. They also do the OpenTable check which allows you to pay for your meal through the app and the check shows up on your phone--very cool! You don't have to pay for it that way but it is an additional option. The atmosphere was warm and very nice. The space wasn't cramped and there was plenty of room between tables so you didn't feel like you are sitting on top of one another. The decor was very cool throughout the restaurant and the bar area was very cool.Wonderfully pleasant meal at Farmicia last night.  Four of us.  Ordered cocktails for happy hour prices (great!).  Breads and herbed butter were yum.  Duck, chicken, grains/vegetables and a salad with crab were the choices for dinner.  Everybody was *really* pleased with their entrees.  One of us ordered the creme brulee for dessert -- incredibly creamy.  
I very much appreciate that they allow BYOB on wine even though they serve alcohol. That's a welcoming policy.  The service was good.  The kitchen a wee bit slow.  Atmosphere lovely and they even kept the music off for parts of the evening (which I would encourage them to do.  Our international guest *really* appreciated that.  There's enough noise without music.)  I hadn't been to Farmacia in years and was delighted  to rediscover it and be so pleased with the choice for our out of town guests.One of my favorites for any meal, but esp. brunch!! Always crowded though, so if you have a crowd call ahead or be prepared to wait, otherwise smaller parties, sit at the bar!! Good drinks, great food!!Great food (grilled ham and cheese, turkey club, pancakes and cheese burger). Service was quick and price for portion was good. Great find.There's about a million reviews for this place so I'm just gonna keep it short and sweet.  Great place to dine.  If you like food that is tastes fresh, healthy (an assumption) and different from the norm, this is the spot for you.  Very hip and unique decor.  Staff is extremely knowledgeable and pretty friendly.  (Chef came out and talked to us for a second as well.)  You'll probably find some new that you've never thought of before.  Can't wait to go back and try more!I visited for breakfast at 10:30 on a Sunday morning, during my sightseeing in Olde City, and the restaurant appealed to me because of its use of local, organic ingredients. As a tourist to Philly, better to try to eat healthy before I attempt to eat my way through a cheesesteak or two.
Since I was traveling solo, I came to eat by myself... and never has eating solo felt like such an awkward experience as it did at Farmicia. The restaurant was crowded and happening at this day and hour, and I was seated at a table near the window nearby a couple on a brunch date sorting through their own issues and a lively crowd of brunching friends. This must be a good place for breakfast/brunch!
I ordered the lox & eggs, which was nova salmon served over scrambled eggs, with two slices of tomato and two slices of toast, as well as a small glass of orange juice. The lox & eggs tasted exactly like what it sounds like... and when the dish arrived within a few minutes of my ordering it, I decided that I should have ordered a more complicated dish to prepare, if only to ensure that the cooks are earning their keep. There was nothing original or special about it, and I don't particularly recommend that anybody ever go out of their way to order it here - at $12.50, you can go out to the store and buy all the ingredients for this dish and make it yourself 5 times over. However, if you do order it here... it tastes fine. The fresh-squeezed orange juice, however, tasted spectacular.
I realize that I sound slightly ridiculous, and that I can't expect lox & eggs to taste like anything other than exactly what it was, but I was still underwhelmed by my food. Especially so, considering that my total bill came out to $20, which I think borders on slightly outrageous. I guess local and organic demands a premium... (is smoked salmon really local here, really?). However, the service was great - fast and attentive. I actually left this place within what must be a record speed of 30 minutes. 
And what's the deal with the apple centerpieces? OK, it's cute, but I kinda felt like eating it.a light, airy atmosphere, and extremely competent service.  although busy, they made a table for us on the spot.  their menu is on the smaller side, but decent.  they have a vegetarian dish that changes with the seasons that i enjoy -- basically a plate of vegetables that are in season at the time, which i recommend.  i have mixed feelings about the place - it was a fabulous experience for me, but my friend tried the trout salad, and ended up w/food poisoning (thus the three stars).  she still swears that she'd go back and stay away from the trout.I made a reservation a week in advance. I arrived and they didn't have my reservation on file. They were still able to accommodate my party. They did stick us on a small wall table. My husband is a stocky 230lb dude that needs more space. Could have used a little bigger table. But, we're not complainers. The atmosphere is a little pretentious. Hipster vibe for sure. We love that it is a farm to table type of place and they have local ingredients from PA. The service was ok. The waiter wasn't anything spectacular and felt very jumpy and rushed. We definitely would have stayed longer for the half priced beverages on Sunday brunch if we didn't feel so rushed. The food was good. If you have had southern chicken and waffles you'll be disappointed with their version. Overall, the pricing doesn't match the atmosphere. But, I'd go again just for the half priced beverages during brunch.We went for a work lunch at 12:45pm and made reservations in advance which was a good decision since it was pretty crowded at that point. In the 2 minutes we were waiting up front, we had to step out of the way of 3 different servers, there's not a lot of easily maneuverable floor space.
They came by with a bread tray of sliced french baguettes but only left one tray of herb-butter spread for a table of four and it ran out fast. The previous two times I've been here, they had multiple bread options, including multi-grain and rye. I'm not sure if this is a permanent change or if they just were running short.
I ordered the Roasted Eggplant Cannelloni while my coworkers had varying sandwich/burger options. There were plenty of fries to go around but it was a mix of steak fries and pomme frites on the same plates. My coworker fished out the largest slab of pickle I've ever seen included in a burger and was sad that it was a bread-and-butter pickle instead of dill.  
The Roasted Eggplant Cannelloni had a good mix of tomato-cheese flavors but the texture was ruined by undercooked white kidney beans. They weren't as mealy or as hot as they should've been. It was a visually impressive plate for the price but I would've better enjoyed a decent-tasting burger at $13 than a underwhelming entree at $11.
Our server was perfunctory and gave me a very annoyed stare when I stopped him as he passed our table to ask for our checks. Unfortunately, that's the reality of serving a work lunch crowd. The other reality is that there are many places around our office where we can get a quicker, tastier meal for the same price.Excellent!  I didn't study the reviews, but I was surprised this place didn't get 4+ stars.  Everything looked great on the menu.  We were there during Brunch after 10am, before that, they have a separate, but similar, Breakfast menu.  I got the Cheddar Grits with Sausage & scrambled eggs.  The grits are very thick, barely leaves a mark on the plate after you pick some up with a fork.  These are REAL cheddar grits, you really taste the cheddar flavor unlike any other "cheddar" grits I've had.  The scrambled eggs are the juicy milky kind.  My wife got bacon, which was cooked very well done ... the way bacon should be.  To top it off, this is farm to table or something.
I ordered an Iced Coffee off menu.  The waiter commented he is a coffee snob, so he took the time to chill their regular coffee the right way so not to water it down instead of just pouring hot coffee over ice and calling it a day.
The waiter was extremely friendly.  The one negative thing was that over half the tables were empty, yet they initially tried to seat us in the most horrible corner on a table not big enough for 1 person and on the laps of a large group (the lady next to the table literally had to push her coat FURTHER underneath her to make room).  Why do restaurants always do this???  After we voiced our objection, they gave us one of the many perfectly wide-open tables.  I would deduct a star for this because I HATE this and it always seems to happen to us - but the food was sooo top notch.My husband and I stumbled along this gem a couple years back while in Philadelphia.  We love the food, the atmosphere, and the service is always fantastic!!!!!!! I have had many things on the menu but my favorite is the Crab and Apple Salad with Lemon-Mint dressing. It is out of this world. So much so I duplicated it (as best as I could) the minute we got home! The breakfast and brunch is also wonderful. I can not stop gushing about this place. You make our stop in Philadelphia great!Great atmosphere! We went for dinner and will probably try them for brunch. Dinner was ok. The pork chop was cooked perfectly, but sauce was tart. Rosemary potatoes were tasty, but overcooked, slightly hard and too oily.  Tomato basil soup was fine. The crabmeat salad was a generous size, and the very light dressing was just right. The chicken was just okay, it had no distinguishing flavor at all. The duck was enjoyed, though a much smaller portion than pork chop or chicken. We enjoyed the Sangria very much.The fish was outstanding, I loved the Eggplant canneloni and the kids loved the grilled cheese. Parking is a bit challenging. Well worth it - highly recommended!!Well presented food, but underwhelming. The crab cakes seemed to be a sort of crab souffle-like  concoction - very light with a mayonnaise(y)  sauce w/ fresh spices(I think this same sauce was served again with my fish entry - presentation was lovely, but the"crabcake" had no crab flavor and a search for crab inside the cake found little - Disappointing. For an entry, I had a sauteed fish. It was okay, again, the presentation was nice, but the fish itself was meh. It seemed like the fish had been prepared well in advance and reheated. The overwhelming taste was of butter - not particularly interesting and the mayonnaise(y) sauce with fresh spices appeared again. For dessert, I had the chocolate tart with chocolate sauce and chocolate ice cream. It was very chocolatey and fine, but probably a bit too rich. The chocolate was in desperate need of a few raspberries or something fresh to cut the richness and the monotony of the flavors. As for the decor - a little tired. I liked some of the large paintings, but there were too many chotchkes. Also, the bathroom looked like it needed a friend - the garbage can was overflowing and the sink was begging for new grout. Overall - Meh.Catch name, cute place.  Great atmosphere and vibrant even at lunch - we at lunch there while visiting the city.  Server was very accomodating - let me add chicken to a sandwich that didn't usually have it.  Daughter loved her grilled chicken and her big giant chocolate chip cookie (they are in jars at the bar and you can't miss them!).  Great beer selection and everything on the menu sounded and looked delicious.  We'll return next time we visit Philadelphia!this south jersey girl loves farmicia. recently went for brunch while i had family in the area from out of town. it was superb. the ingredients are local and fresh without a doubt. the menu is creative and fun! 
i'm confident you will never have a bad meal here. 
staff is super nice and obviously love what they do and are proud of what they serve. go...now!Delicious food. We had a great experience. Our server was outstanding. They were gracious and accommodating when it came to my son's food allergies. The only negative was the vegan cake I ordered for dessert. It was very dry.Had brunch here on a Saturday morning prior to seeing a show at the Walnut Street Theater. I called about a week ahead to make reservations for a party of 8 but was told that they only accept reservations for up to 6. Seemed odd to me, but OK. When we arrived, I said we need a table for eight and the hostess asked if we had a reservation. I was like WTH?!? She said all they could do would put as at two different tables and we would have two servers. I wasn't happy and although our tables did wind up side by side, not sure why they gave us two different servers. That caused issues for us as the server we had at our table was great, but the waitress for our other table was pretty much non-existent. We had our food ordered and had to flag down their waitress so that she could take their order and hopefully have our food come out at roughly the same time. Then she never returned to ask about refills or anything. While the food was good, the poor service is why I can only give this three stars.
We started with the Large Skillet Nachos which were very good and lots of yummy items covered the chips. Other items we all had included the French Toast, Brunch Sandwich, Buttermilk Pancakes, Jumbo Shrimp and Grits, Waffle, and sides of the Applewood Bacon. My wife said her Shrimp and Grits ranked right up there with some of the best she's had and there were lots of shrimp in the dish. She did have to pull the tails off though. French toast was pretty good, and bacon was delicious. The rest of it was pretty standard fare, but overall, everyone did enjoy their entree.
We may try this place again for dinner the next time we are down to catch a show, and hopefully the service would be much better.I really wanted to like Farmicia. Who wouldn't? It's a cute spot, features farm-to-table dishes.  However, this meal was far too easy to forget and the dining experience felt rushed and unorganized. This explains why it was so easy to get seated at 7pm on a Saturday night. And it wasn't particularly fresh, which I thought was the whole point behind their concept. 
I'll end with one positive-- I like that they've partnered with Metropolitan Bakery and have reused their old space in a creative way.Although the vegan options are limited, what they have is good and the atmosphere and service are both great. My partner and I often come here for a quiet dinner. I really love the tofu capellini and the tamales are yummy, too! I definitely recommend this place. It's also a good choice when dining out with nonvegans.I ate at Farmicia for the first time this morning with my boss and colleague. I ordered the brunch sandwich and it was delicious. The others enjoyed their meals as well. However, I was really disappointed with the service. We arrived 20 minutes before the restaurant opened for brunch and waited patiently; however, the workers seemed very annoyed that we were there before opening hours. The hostesses did not greet us with a smile and, instead, acted very aloof and bothered when I asked if we could have a table near the window. I watched them greet other guests the same way throughout our time there and was very turned off by their dispositions. Furthermore, the woman who poured our waters and set our table did not address us or make eye contact with us, and seemed very annoyed. Our waiter was adequate and a bit friendly but even his disposition didn't make up for the others' attitudes. It's very disappointing because the food and restaurant atmosphere are great! I am sad to say that the service spoils the good qualities.Would NOT recommend this restaurant especially for a large group event e.g. birthdays.
The food was mediocre. I am giving two stars for ambience and wait service only. We did not like the hostess or the manager. My husband and I will definitely not be returning and will share our negative experience with our friends and family.
Since we had a large group of 20 we had to sign a contract and make a deposit prior to the event. The reservation on the contract clearly read 6:30pm. However, upon arrival the hostess was adamant that the reservation in the system was for 7:00pm even though the table was ready. In addition, previous to our reservation date, it was discussed with management that the restaurant could provide us with a small table to display our cake and birthday celebration decor. Of course, again the hostess was adamant that a table could not be provided and explained that it could not fit and that it would be too busy of a night to use any of the tables. Again, this was already discussed prior to our arrival via email. After her spiel, I requested to speak to the manager.  Tim did not appear very happy, but got our table right away and placed it in the corner and left. Fast-forward to dessert. We are about to light the candles for the big birthday celebration. Before we could light our chandelle candles, Tim stops us in our tracks and says that they can not allow those to be lit in the restaurant. Are you serious? They're not even normal sparklers. Which Buddakan actually lights on a daily basis. Although I'm not sure why I'd compare this restaurant to Buddakan as they're definitely not even in the same ballpark- far superior. We were forced to use regular candles, but we lit one of the chandelle candles anyway. It was a 30th birthday. Aside from the poor experience with the hostess and manager, the wait staff was very polite and courteous.Our server, Andrew, and the chef made extra effort to meet our special dietary requirements. Food was yummy, too. Would definitely recommend.You know how people come to Philly from out of town and they want something kind of funky and different but with good food?   
    I take them to Pod if they like sushi, Buddakan if they are paying and Farmica if they aren't adventurous eaters but want something a little off the beaten path. 
    Good food. Lots of options for veggies  (particularly at the bar menu). Fabulous drink menu. But EXPENSIVE. 
   I've been here three times and it's always good. I'm a meaty kind of girl, but was feeling all healthy like, so I got the vegetable plate the last time. It was awesome.  Some sort of lentil something. Some sort of bean something.  Roasted veggies. All good.  OK, mashed potatoes would have been excellent. 
   I'm not getting the bread raves. The past two times I've been there, they've had sourdough bread.  If this is what is going to make you cry tears of delight, OK.  But uh, it's bread. And it was cold. 
    Little twinkly lights make it a touch romantical and the drink specials are really particularly yummy. Mango puree with vanilla vodka and grenadine? Yes please. 
    Dinner for three - without drinks - was $127.  We split two appetizers (squash ravioli yummy) I had steak and my friends had duck and another had the salad.  So $$$ for Philly.I have been here a bunch of times and each time I like it less than the last time. It is awesome that you can bring one bottle of wine per table, but they also have a full bar so you can order drinks. (hybrid byo)  I also like the organic focus and they have vegetarian options for our vegetarian friends.  It is a good place for a big group.  I brought my parents there once and they didn't really enjoy it.  Went for brunch once and thought it was okay.  With so many great dining options, this is not a top choice.Was buzzing during brunch hours. Nice ambiance and cute restaurant. My boyfriend loved his omelette. Lots of vegetarian options but I didn't LOVE my tofu burrito.I really like this restaurant. I did a solo work day lunch not to long ago and could not wait to get back with my lovely wife for her enjoyment. 
Both visits were off-peak and for lunch. 
Simple food with some minor innovative twists. Fresh ingredients of food I love make for a delightful dining experience. 
Mar had the winter squash with peanut soup and I had the corn chowder. Both were flavorful and fun. For lunch entrees we ordered the grilled tuna and the grilled goat cheese/pesto sandwich. Both were expertly prepared and flavorful. We tend to be picky about our tuna and this was a nice piece seared ever so lightly. 
Service was friendly with a few minor and easily corrected oversights. We were double charged on a coffee (which was excellent! The coffee not the double charge) and never re offered bread or butter when we had used up our portions. The restaurant was certainly in casual slo-mo during our visit which made for a unhurried enjoyable lunch.Love the brunch here! Great atmosphere and friendly service. A+ food as well. Came on a Sunday and was seated right away (we did make a reservation on open table). Our server was happy and nice, something that's very important to me when going out to eat. Overall a wonderful experience I will definitely be going here again.We had delish buttermilk pancakes & Canadian bacon, scrambled egg, English muffin. Fresh orange juice, was great not too sweet.Great experience. There were 7 of us but they were happy to accommodate. They were able to accommodate multiple needs from vegan, to meat-lover to a ten year old who wanted a grilled
Cheese. All of the food was good. Excellent service. Clean restrooms. Reasonable cost.Came to old city  looking for a fun brunch and saw the reviews here and felt it was a safe bet. At first glance I realized that it was more then safe and that there were almost too many good options. Once I saw their chicken and waffles I had to get them and they were one of the better I've had. With rich syrup and creamy gravy each bite was better then the previous. Will need to come back and have more options especially for their brunch happy hourStopped into Farmacia yesterday to grab a bite after looking at the menu posted outside. We were pleasantly surprised to see they were still serving lunch at 4 pm. We wanted to eat dinner, but dinner didn't start until 5 pm. We ordered smoked wings and 4 pc fried shrimp. Waiter advised the restaurant was all out of wings. We thought that was off since it was only 4 pm and this place had to stay open until 10 pm at least. We weren't with the 4 of shrimp app & cheese plate. Both were great. I had a peach tea (can't recall the exact name). My tea tasted more like a lime infused drink than peach. 
I would return to try this place for dinner as the food was fresh and our seat seating was ok.Within walking distance of our hotel was FarmiCia restaurant...American, local and organic...we made reservations so were seated pretty quickly. Not too much time passed we were presented with a tray of pumpernickel, whole grain and sour dough bread along with herb butter...the pumpernickel bread was delicious. Because it was restaurant week, we had to order from a set menu. What a shame because I really was looking forward to trying the Butternut Squash Ravioli...that being said, we (4) placed our orders. French Lentil Salad w/baked goat cheese; Farmicia Salad lettuces & garden vegetables, croutons, herb vinaigrette on the side and a Crab Cake. The French Lentil Salad was amazing ~ but the others...I've forgotten already (sigh).
Again, having to order off the set menu...we ordered our entrees...Lancaster Chicken Breast with vegetables au gratin. The chicken was pretty good, but the vegetable au gratin ~ not so much. I wish I had swapped it out for the mashed potatoes that came on the other 3 plates which were the Ribeye Steak dinners. Our DIL's steak was so full of fat ~ she returned it. She ordered it medium rare but IMO it looked really rare! My husband ordered his steak well done and requested "no pink"...sadly, it came pink and had to be done again. Our son enjoyed his medium well steak (which honestly looked medium rare) and I truly believe he just didn't want to say anything negative! However...they all loved the mashed potatoes!
For dessert we all ordered the Peach Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream. The crisp had no other flavor other than unsalted oatmeal ~ and certainly wasn't "crisp". 
Although the atmosphere and service were great, the food was certainly not worth the high prices!! Underwhelming for sure.A few things here were excellent, while others were hugely lacking flavor. Came here for restaurant week with a few friends. They sat us right away. Definite PLUS!!! After getting sat, they filled our waters and came over with bread. Service here is top notch. So nice and they definately knew what they were doing. Now onto the food review.
Crab Cake - Mmmm, so much crab meat and so flavorful. Not much filler at all in this. It's not jumbo lumb crap meat cake though (incase anyone is wondering). The crab meat was more on the shredded side, but it was delish!!
Crabmeat and Asian pear salad - also absolutely delish!! This had lump crab meat in it and the pears were so sweet. It tasted so fresh.
Beet and Fennel Salad - this is the first time I'm having beets, so I really don't have much to judge on it. for the first time having it though, it wasn't bad. Would I order it alone..not sure, but I would eat it again if my friends ordered it.
Rib-Eye - I asked for the steak Med-Well, meaning it should have a tiny bit of pink in it. The thing came out charcoiled!!!! :-( so sad. It was like chewing on a piece of leather. I normally order my steaks med-rare, but bc I was pregnant, I'm not really allowed to eat red red meat. I did not enjoy this at all as it came out extra extra well done. The kale side that came with it was really good. My husband basically ate my entire side of kale.
Duck Breast - Mmmm, this was the best meal at our table. So nice and moist and delicious. The sauce on it was perfect. Definately give this dish a try!
St. Peter's fish - very moist and flaky. I thought it was pretty flavorful. My friend thought it was just ok.
Yellow fin Tuna - Friend asked for this Med and it too came out extra well done. It was so dry that she had to send it back to get it redone. I didn't get to try this dish, but the way they cooked it didn't really seem appetizing. Plus, by the time her dish was redone, I was already full. The redone Tuna did look a lot better then the first one.
Desserts - I thought all was delicious!!
Oh, btw, they do not have Salmon on their menu for RW. It's on the website, but when we got there, they said it was out of season.
I would definitely give this place a try again. Portions were good sizes and food for the most part was good except for a few dishes.I just loved this place! The ambiance is uplifting and casual. To start, we ordered the trio of cheeses, which was great (although the smokey goat cheese was way too smokey - it was like eating a creamy fireplace). For my main brunch plate, I ordered the fresh tofu and vegan chorizo plate (which came with a few slices of what seemed like fluffy pita), fresh salsa and guacamole. The plate had just the right amount of food. The ingredients were fresh as well. The service was top notch! I'll be back.mandy was exquisite ! her personality was better than the meal itself! the tuna was a bit over cooked for my tastes i ordered it medium rare and it came out med no pink but its ok the sauce was subtle  although  flavorful the grain on the saffron rice could have been a little longer for my tastes , but over all it was gpod the dessert was good the coffee superb. the mussels excellent,  but could have used a piece of bread to mop up the sauce a few easy fixes , but again the food was gpod the service even better! we walked away from  Commonwealth across the street no server ! waited sat no service literally left after studying the menu!NYer in Philly - wandered into farmicia, curious about promising fresh/farm to table hints in the name and curbside menu.  Lots of stuff i think I'll enjoy.
In I go!  Solo, so I head for the bar.  Interesting and varied wine list, but I play it safe with an argentine malbec.  A dozen things I'd like to try on the menu, so...appetizer-tapas time!  Gazpacho, Vietnamese crispy squid, and trio of cheeses.  Eclectic you say; yes but all would work well with my silky malbec.
Decor is a comfortable crafty mishmosh.  Service is impeccable, both from behind the bar and the waitstaff.  I should repeat the service was impeccable.
So imagine my surprise.  Gazpacho watery with chucks of sweet peppers as the only texture/mouthfeel.  Not untasty but reminiscent of the juice at the bottom of a can of pomodori pelati.
Great sour dough whole wheat bread.  Fresh, perfect crust even in the pre-hurricane 300% humidity.
"Vietnamese" crispy fried squid.  Well (light, dry, good tooth) fried frozen calamari.  Ok they were good calamari rings, but let's explore the Vietnamese part.   Whatever I was expecting, (sriracha? sambal?) these things were served with a barely disguised ketchup.
The cheese plate was fine, too much thinly sliced yesterday's baguette "crostini" and a huge mound of indeterminately sweet chutney, but the smoked "fresh" goat cheese was one of the best and most distinctive things I've tasted this week.
Did I mention the service was impeccable?  It really was.  Right there, helpful, and then out of the way.  No pretense.  A big credit to whomever is hiring there.
A little more effort on delivering the promise of the menu and this is a great place!I've tried Farmicia a few times and am very underwhelmed. The cliff notes? Over-salted, over-priced and just not that good. The cocktails are sub-par, the service is slow and the food just always seems messy- either the way it's presented of how the flavors come together. For brunch- National Mechanic's across the street is a much better option. For dinner: literally anywhere else in old city would do it better.The experience here was a bit disjointed.  We ordered the appetizers (Crab Cakes and Baked Brie) and cocktails at the same time.  The appetizers arrived before the drinks.  Then, we ordered wine and it showed up midway through the entrees (Tuna and Duck).  All of the food was good but lacked that little something extra to make it great.I cannot speak for the entire menu but the vegan risotto croquettes were unbelievable! It was a great combination of flavors that just blended so effortlessly in my mouth. I highly recommend that everyone (even the meat lovers) try this dish. The cheese plate and the lentil salad were also well received by the rest of my table. 
Other thoughts: 
I stumbled upon this restaurant on a Saturday night around 6pm and a table for four was available immediately. The ambiance is very classic and festive, filled with holiday decorations. There is bar seating and plenty of tables to accommodate various party sizes. I did notice the crowd was mostly older couples and families, but I'm not sure if that was simply because we had an early dinner on a Saturday. Service was friendly, maybe a bit on the slower end but we received 10% off the bill because we paid in cash! 
Food and decor = 5+, what more can I ask for from a dinner?Food is good and decent portions.  Great brunch spot. Nice ambience and clean environment. Service is good, but wait staff is not as personable as in other places.I had the pork medallions and my wife had the chicken. Both plates were tasty, but neither were outstanding. I love that the produce and meats are from local (when available) and small farms. I asked about the menu and the waitress gave the actual names of the farms! Excellent! Pretty good food, nice atmosphere, attentive staff. But for the price I expected slightly more in the taste area. But if I come back to town I'll definitely try again.He staff let us stay forever as I rekindled a relationship there over brunch with someone. Really attentive and great coffee like martinisI've never been to Farmicia for any meal but brunch.  One thing strange to watch out for when you go is that they have a different menu for breakfast and for brunch and I think if you get there before 10:30, you can only order from the smaller breakfast menu... 
In any case, their brunch is delicious.  I love their goat cheese omelet.  The goat cheese has a really subtle, creamy flavor.  Their food is really fresh.  Even the grits taste clean and healthy (I don't think I'd ever been able to imagine healthy grits until I had them here).  The coffee, too, is yummy.
Oh... one more thing to watch out for: try not to get seated near the air vents on the floor.  They blow really cold air and can be really uncomfortable.  If you can avoid them, you'll have a much better dining experience.I try at least one new place a week and have just a hadnful of places I go to regularly. Farmacia is one of those regular spots for me. With a huge menu of tasty, local fare with food pleasing to both vegetarians and metatarians, it's great for families, groups, friends, and anyone looking for well-priced, good portions. Brunch is an especially fantastic deal with half price happy hour on their cocktail creations (try the peach sangria) as well as a huge menu featuring sand-bys like a gourmet breakfast sandwich, pancakes, as well as more creative dishes like a breakfast quesadilla, and a steaksandwich to die for. Happy hour also features specials, and the cocktails are well accentuated by a trio of spreads on Metropolitan bakery bread. Service is generally friendly, it's both casual and slightly upscale, and when nice, there are a few outdoor tables (though they overlook the bumpiest street in the city, so I imagine it's loud and smoky when the 3rd street bus drives by....)I've been to this place twice -- once for my 18th birthday and it was the best meal I ever had, and last week, with a much more mature palate. This review will be about the second time. 
For starters, this place closes early. I get that it isn't a bar, but the fact that the kitchen closes at 10 is a little crazy given its location on a restaurant corridor. Other than that, the food is generally tasteful, if not small. I recently had the yellow fin tuna. The tuna was decently prepared, a little too dry for my tastes. Chickpeas were carefully seasoned and delicious. 
What prevents this from being a five star rating is how hit or miss the appetizers and desserts. A friend I dined with ordered the jumbo lump crab cakes and the sundae, which though hard to mess up, were fantastic. I ordered the potato and cheddar croquettes, which were mediocre at best, and the vegan lemon ginger cake, which was frankly disappointing. As a meat eater in vegan and vegetarian circles, I have a high bar for food free of animal products, especially when it doesn't necessarily require them either. The glaze was dull, and the cake itself was a little dry and unmemorable. All in all, I'm going to come back, but I know what to order on the menu this go around.My husband and I came here for brunch on recent and quick trip to Philly during which we witnessed the Knicks get crushed by the Sixers at Wells Fargo. (Sad face.) This place didn't have great reveiws but it was cold outside and it was really close to our hotel. Loved the high ceilings and laid-back feel of the restaurant. I ordered the two-egg and roasted potatoes with a side of well-done bacon. This restarant features farm-to-table food and I loved the organic egg offering on the menu. My meal was fantastic. Eggs were perfectly cooked over-easy and the potatoes were crispy and flavorful. The bacon was the real star of the show though; cooked well-done as ordered. We asked the waiter about it and he told us that the bacon is cooked entirely on the grill and therefore sturdy and crisp, not sloppy and greasy. I declared it the best bacon I have ever eaten. I would most definitely return to this restaurant.Happy hour and two more Cobb salads, very good.  Nice place, Farmicia, I like its medium size, the busy but friendly staff, and the range of customers.  The Cobb salad on the  bar menu has been good twice.  The bar is semi-separated from the dining room, and it makes the barroom feel a little cozier, also good.  They make the most out of this Old City space.got nachos and the tostitos and guac for lunch recently.  mmm, mmm good!  the grilled cheese looks killer, but a little pricey for 2 pieces of bread and some melted cheese....I made a reservation here since it was nearby and had lots of vegetarian options for my friend. We were off to a good start with the cheese plate appetizer though they ended up charging us 50 cents for extra bread (the cheese to bread ratio was way off). Low and behold mid entree we noticed the table next to us being offered a variety of bread from a tray. We had to stop the bread server and ask to have some. He was nice and offered us each two pieces with chive butter. 
For dinner, I ordered the eggplant cannelloni which had no mention of beans on the menu but there were so many in the dish they were impossible to pick around. My friends both had the ricotta gnocchi which they enjoyed but the portion was very small. 
The dessert was by far the worst course. The sugar cookie was hard as a rock, the avocado coconut ice cream tasted like frozen avocado with nothing else added to make it taste better. The ice cream on top of the brownie wasn't cold to the point that we debated whether or not it was ice cream or whipped cream. 
All in all, it was good to try but with so many other options, I'm not in any hurry to venture back.This place was supposed to be a special place where my girlfriend and I shared a special meal. It was the biggest let down on so many levels. The waiter turned out to be this fruity, sarcastic guy who had the flair for the dramatics, but acted very poorly. The bread servers wished everyone they served went straight to hell, and the people in there had the most smug looks on there faces. I ordered the ribeye, medium rare, and got it mooing. There was so much blood ozzing out of the thing. I couldn't send it back for the thought of someone spitting in my food scared me away. My girlfriend ordered the duck, and it was like chewing rubber. $6 for a Yeungling, are you kidding me?! At the end of the 'meal' we tried to pay with their coupon, but wouldn't you know it, the fine print says,'only vaild Monday thru Thursday.' Don't go to this place!!!farmicia looks great.  they have a great website, great reviews and a nice happy hour.  i've ridden my bike or walked past many times and always felt a desire to go in, though for some reason or another never made it happen.  i ordered a restaurant.com voucher quite awhile ago so that my girlfriend and i could sample a bit more of the menu at a bargain and finally used it this evening.  though, i think we made a mistake by going for dinner rather than brunch though, based on all the other reviews. ..
the food was just... blah.  all of the dishes looked sloppily put together and were all lacking in flavor, color, display, etc.
cheese plate - the smoked goat was delicious but the cheddar and feta were just ok.  the fruit chutney that came along with it would have been much better if it were simply sliced fruit, especially seasonally selected summer fruits which would have added some nice color and fresh flavors.
avocado/cucumber soup - pretty good, but a tad salty and overpriced.
crab/pear salad - the individual ingredients were fine and there was a generous amount of crab, but the dressing was quite bland.  the salad needed some zest or acidity to pull all the flavors together and make it really good.  the salad was pretty huge too and could easily be an entree on it's own.
vietnamese fried squid - this was just not very good under-fried calimari with some spiced ketchup (which didn't really taste or look house-made).
pork chop entree - when it came out my girlfriend and i both remarked that it looked like a tv dinner or cafeteria lunch.  though the chop was cooked decently, for $21 i expected better than a huge mass of mashed butternut squash separated with a handful of overcooked asian-style snow peas - the presentation was absolutely horrible.
overall - overpriced and unispired though decent quality food.  staff was very friendly and accommodating at least.  would not go back.This is a 2-3 star restaurant that acts like it is a 4 star restaurant. The food is ok, but its definitely not worth 25 to 30 for a main. I'd also suggest the waitresses get a bit more of a tutorial on the beers they carry and their meals. Our waitress had no idea what any of the beers were, or portion sizes, etc. We ordered the flourless chocolate torte. It more like a moisltess chunk of chocolate. Bill came to about 80 bucks for two people. Not worth it, and wont be back.Came with a group of 14 for work lunch and we had one single server who was great! (Blonde girl on thurs the 15th) Delicious lunch! Lots and lots of options including lots of interesting vegan and vegetarian ones. Loved the hummus, amazing cheese plate, butternut squash soup, nachos, veggie burger and fries. I thought I was making a healthier decision ordering the toasted sourdough with goat cheese rather than the grilled cheese but it came out looking worse- buttered or oiled bread with the pesto dripping off and not the dry toast I expected. Of course it was good but wish the menu had laid it out better. I would come here over and over again, recommend to friends and try dinner. Lunch prices were very reasonable for old city! Every single dessert on the menu is amazing! Surprised they didn't charge gratuity- I hope you let them for larger parties. Our service was excellent!I was pleasantly surprised by my brunch experience at Farmicia. I am used to the Philadelphia standard brunch experience - a long wait, rushed service, expensive cocktails. I had almost forgotten a brunch without these things was possible!
I really enjoyed the atmosphere - it felt like a much more expensive restaurant. Service was prompt and friendly. We did have one minor snafu - the waiter put in my friend's order as french toast rather than pancakes, when bringing the food to the table he immediately explained what happened and fresh pancakes were on the table within 5 minutes. The brioche french toast with apple and cherry compote was DELICIOUS, one slice was a perfect portion. I really enjoyed the side options, which were very reasonably priced. 
Perhaps the best thing about brunch was the HALF-PRICED COCKTAILS! Seriously, who does this ?! I am so used to being overcharged for drinks in order to enjoy them with my eggs. I had a Bloody Mary, which had just the right amount of heat, and was strong without being overwhelmingly alcoholic. 
They do accept reservations - although you wouldn't have needed one when I was there, if you know in advance when you'll be there it can't hurt to reserve your spot. They also have a small enclosed foyer where you can wait for your friends to gather, which was great since it was freezing this morning!Not many places in Philly emphasize fresh, crisp, produce, so that earns Farmicia 3 stars.  They don't actually prepare it very well though.  Service was OK.What I love about this place: the atmosphere, delicious/wholesome food  AND its byo with still a bar option! Everything tasted really fresh (which it was)... you can't go wrong with a soup or a salad here. I had the butternut squash risotto croquettes with caramelized onions & collard greens... it was so delicious that I would get it again in a heartbeat (& I like to try something different every time at a place like this!) The veggie/vegan friendly options were impressive & the duck dish was also delightful. Creme brulee was so so when compared to the pear/cherry tart which was exceptional.We came here while visiting philly and independence hall for brunch. They have an amazing happy hour with half off cocktails and and expansive cocktail list for $6. I had the hacienda eggs which was deliciousness light but filling. You can get your eggs cooked however you want and I went with over hard. It comes with jalapenos which actually have some spice to them so that was great and a perfect addition. It comes with a side of potatoes which i recommend getting extra crispy because who doesnt love crispy potatoes. I would def come back here and try some additonal menu items.Another great dining experience in Olde CIty.  We snagged the table in the window (best seat in the house, in my opinion) on a Thursday night with no reservation.
Wine list is minimal but adequate.  The menu has a nice variety with something for everyone from meat eaters to vegans.  I had the pork chop and hubby had the tamales.  Both were delicious.  The ingredients are high quality and portions are large.  The presentation of the tamales could use some improvement as they come out on what looks alot like a TV dinner tray.  Minor distraction though as the flavor was fantastic!
Nice selection of after dinner cocktails.  The food desserts weren't as good as the entrees though.  We had the vegan banana pudding (bland but the ice cream that comes with it is really good) and the brownie (a little dry for our tastes.)
Service was excellent and staff easily answered all questions we had regarding ingredients and cooking methods.Tips: cheap drinks during weekends brunch - $5.00!  (half off drinks)
We were sat outside - I would avoid it as the seating is slanted so you need to lean the whole time.  Limited seating anyway.  Also, we were forgotten about for about 15-20 minutes!  They did come and apologize for the confusion after we spoke with someone, but still...not even anything to offer for this.  The busser and other servers even saw us as they came to bring food out....disappointed, hence the 3 stars. 
The food:  Eggs were fantastic, Chef seems to know how to cook some eggs, and as most of you may know, eggs are the hardest thing to cook properly!  Salmon was good, a bit rubbery at certain sides.  Ask for the jam with the toast.
Will be back because it's so close, but I sure hope we aren't waiting 20 minutes for server!I had drinks here years ago then recently I had brunch.
The happy hour brunch is wonderful.  Yummy choices and great tasting cocktails.  I had cheesy grits, eggs, and sausage.  Portions were huge.  A nice place to be with friends.  
I will be visiting again this month.  I can't wait.  Next will be the dinner!I am writing this as a cautionary review to alert people that the food at Farmicia is not as 'gluten-free' as they might claim.  Last week my coworker went there for lunch, he has celiac disease, he ordered a item from the menu that was noted as being gluten-free.  About an hour later he exclaimed "I think Farmicia lied," and then began dry-heaving and had to rush to his car to make it home or else he would be stuck in the city all night. I was not aware that the reaction to eating wheat when you have celiac was so severe.  When his wife called to express her feelings about the situation the management was more argumentative than apologetic- they sent him a $20 gift card, no note, no anything.  Needless to say, he will be returning the gift card and not dining at Farmicia again.  I need to note that I myself have never eaten at Farmicia and that I arrange business meetings there on a regular basis for my boss (he does not have any dietary restrictions) and he always seem to enjoy it.  Just want to warn those out there with restrictive diets!I think Farmicia has a fun and inviting menu along with a welcoming restaurant design.  After dining here a few times, I'm happy to recommend it to others for an enjoyable meal.
Let's start with happy hour.  From 5-7 (at the time of this writing) cocktails are half price.  That's a significant savings and you can get some tasty beverages here.  They don't keep their drink menu online but suffice to say that you can enjoy yourself with their cocktails.  I had one that featured bourbon and Root that really stuck out to me.
If you come here for brunch you will find a menu that's slightly large for a Philadelphia restaurant but not overly so.  I enjoy the amish cheddar grits and pork sausage for its decadence and simplicity.  They also brew a nice cup of coffee.
For dinner, I've tried the duck, the mega dose of grains/greens and the skirt steak.  All were prepared expertly and the kitchen did a great job of omitting any allergens that my wife has.  We felt very comfortable dining her and it was clear that our server and the kitchen really listened to us.
I've added Farmicia to my growing list of Olde City standbys.  Service and food have really stood out to me here.We really enjoyed our brunch while visiting Philly last weekend.  My teenage son liked the scrapple (a new item for us) and I thought the grits were excellent, but the winner at the table, hands down, were the pancakes.  They were amazing!  I thought the hubby and I liked them so much given that we are completely carb deprived, but the kids were devouring them too!  The waitress was friendly and the decor, pretty cool. We enjoyed sitting near a huge canvas glued on the wall and the ceiling fans were a nice touch as well. It was a great experience.Outside seating has table and chairs on an uneven sidewalk. Drinks beware. I did feel as though we were forgotten about while seated outside. 
Vegetable lasagna and skirt steak were main entrees ordered. Both were good, broccoli accompanying the steak was a tad bit salty. Kids' grilled cheese was good and arrived quickly at the table, which is always a plus. 
I'm unsure if I would return with many other options in Old City.I went here for brunch one time and very much enjoyed it. The Benedict was cooked perfectly and tasted great.  They also had a happy hour brunch which I can never complain about. I got a spiked coffee drink and enjoyed it thoroughly.
I went out for brunch with four people and everyone ordered different things and enjoyed them all. I would definitely recommend this place for brunch to friends.I'm tripping over the 3.5 star rating this place has. 
Beautiful dining area? Check.
Moderately paced and kind service? Check.
Really good food for a decent price? Check.
I mean I really can't see what's so bad about this place. Maybe it's because it takes a lot for me to really dock on the rating, and usually one foul up isn't enough to warrant a really low score, but I genuinely can't even say anything bad about this place.
We were greeted and sat immediately. We scored a great spot near a window for a nice outside view. A waiter was always around to refill our water and they even do a bread service.
The nachos we ordered for a starter were amazing. Seriously. All the cheeseeee.
I did a hummus and avocado on pita with a side salad and everything was excellent. I tried a bite of a ham and cheese and it was just as good. And at least for me, a fresh avocado and hummus sandwich with tomato, as well as a very tasty spinach pesto, and served with a salad for only like $9.50? I'd hardly call that expensive for a downtown city price.
Who knows. But I sure as heck didn't get anything wrong with my experience.I met friends for brunch in mid-August.  The place was nice, and the food was fantastic.  Our server was awful.  Every time we wanted anything, we had to find her, (she stayed at the server's station on her phone).  We had to search for her when we wanted to order.  We had to send someone to find  her every time we wanted a refill on coffee / drinks.  Not once did she come to our table of her own accord.
Everything else was good, so I would be willing to try it again.  Hopefully our server was an exception and not the rule.I am so excited that I tried this restaurant.  It serves high quality food for a reasonable price.  Also, for my fellow celiacs:
1) It has a gluten-free fryer, which means I get to enjoy some rare treats like calamari (breaded in corn, not wheat) and french fries.
2) It has a gluten free menu with lots of appealing options.
I had calamari, French lentil salad (special ordered with non-breaded goat cheese), and a few of my husband's fries.  
CALAMARI: The calamari were pretty good, but semi-ruined by being drowned in chipotle aioli.  Next time I'll know to order the aioli on the side.  (It was an insane amount.)
FRENCH LENTIL SALAD:  Outstanding.  It was a large portion of delicious, fresh lentils over luscious greens, dressed perfectly, topped with a generous portion of warm goat cheese.  I could feel myself getting healthier with every bite.  (I cannot say the same for the calamari...)  I ended up taking half of it home.  But I wish I could arrange with the restaurant to pick up this salad in the mornings on my way to work--it would be the perfect lunch.
FRENCH FRIES:  I may be biased because I hardly ever get to have french fries due to fryers usually being gluten-contaminated.  But these ones were *really* good.  Thin--but not too thin--and flavorful.  Skin on.  Just the right amount of salt.
I look forward to returning soon to try their other tempting salads and the gluten-free brownie sundae.
Service note:  The waiter was friendly and helpful.  My only complaint is that he stopped coming back to check on us, even though the place was nearly empty (it was 4pm)...we waited so long for him to pick up our credit card, that we ended up paying with cash just so we could leave.We found this place looking for paleo friendly restaurants in Philadelphia.
Being Floridians, we weren't excited when we saw that the restaurant had their doors/windows open since it was a hot day.  We were ready for air conditioning. 
The food was okay. I had the duck which is highly rated on Yelp, but I should have had it cooked medium well because it was very tough.  They serve bread at the table which we wish we would have known because we ordered an appetizer and wouldn't have needed to do so.  Their bread is yummy!One of my favorite places to eat in old city! Great cocktails, good vegetarian food, and amazing service. Side note, the bread they serve before the meal is the bomb!Strange decor, giving off a midwestern feel, and with lite rock and smooth jazz playing in the background, I felt uneasy as I sat down at farmicia - but once I was able to ignore the odd choices of setting and music, the food itself wasn't half bad. and half off drinks? of course i can get down with that. 
fruit and GRANOLA: good, hearty granola with big juicy fat blueberries. solid. 
side order of FRENCH TOAST. what a sad, sad version of french toast. two exceedingly dry pieces of french toast on a lonely plate...even with syrup there was nothing succulent to enjoy :( 
THE HACIENDA EGGS: worth coming back for, and what brought a 2 star rating up to a 3. obviously huevos rancheros have been done a million times over, but the hacienda eggs taste phenomenal - i don't know how farmicia transformed a done classic into something new and inventive. but, it's a relatively small portion, not for sharing!! it comes with 2 eggs and 2 tortillas, so nix sharing your food with a loved one, and keep that plate all for yo' self.I have been to Philadelphia three times--and thus, to Farmicia three times.  :)   I'm already figuring out how I can get back here so that I can go again.  Delicious local, seasonal food prepared beautifully and flavorfully.  Plenty of veggie options.  Hipster and mainly friendly waitstaff.  Desserts to die for.  Creative cocktails and "tonics" that deliver antioxidants with your liquor.  Good stuff!
I think they're famous for brunch, but I've actually only been for supper, and all three times, it's been 100% on the mark.  
When in the City of Yore, hie thee to Farmicia!Delicious food, great service
I had the Eggplant Cannelloni which had great flavor. They also offer different breads and butter before your meal.
Note you can bring your own wine and there is no corkage fee.
The service throughout the night was exceptional--friendly, accommodating staff.We did some research before our trip to Philly and Farmicia looked great.  We called ahead but they told us if we came right when they opened dinner at 530pm we wouldn't need one.  When we arrived we were seated right away.  The service was good.  The three cheese appetizer was very pricey for what it was.  The yellow fin tuna was good.  The tres tamales were so so.  During happy hour, an appetizer, one beer and two dinners with the tip ran about $70.  The atmosphere was nice and the menu has a nice selection.Went here for brunch on Saturday and really enjoyed it. Can't say there was anything out of the ordinary on the menu, but this was great comfort food, and it was served quickly and HOT. I had cheddar grits with scrambled eggs and sausage with toast. I enjoyed it a lot, while my girlfriend had a crab omelette and really liked hers as well. Best part about this place is that there is a brunch "happy hour" until 2pm and cocktails are 1/2 off.  This makes for an extremely pleasant and affordable brunch experience. Will definitely go back.We've been here dozens of times and don't have any complaints at all. The food is always delicious and the service is always quick and consistent. Very polite staff and excellent atmosphere!I came here for brunch and got the goat cheese panini and added avocado as recommended by my waitress and it was delicious and so satisfying. I liked the different options for brunch because I can't handle eggs Benny every week. They had half off drinks for brunch bringing most drinks down to $5 each. Not a bad price for most of the cocktails!This place is good. I came here on the 4th last year (because I wanted to hang out in Old City - you know, history and all that). I had made a reservation through OpenTable and they did not have it. Luckily, there was no wait...but if there had been, I would have been angry. 
The coffee is really good. And I had the BLT&E (which i don't see on their menu anymore). It was really good...only they forget the fried egg on it and brought it out after the sandwich was brought out. I guess at least they brought it out?
Not sure if they had their B-team out because it was a holiday but the atmosphere and the food were good.This is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city, but it's equally good for breakfast and brunch. Easy to get to, reliably good food, excellent service and usually a quiet atmosphere. One of these days, I'll get to try them out for dinner. 
What to get for Breakfast: Hacienda eggs. It's my dream breakfast. Perfectly fried eggs every time, well-seasoned beans, chipolte salsa with just the right kick, and to top it off, a perfect queso fresco. 
Apps to Try: The grilled brie is great, especially if it's not that late in the day, but they make a mean hummus, too, served with olives and airy grilled flatbread. 
Lunch: BEEF AND CHORIZO BURGER. The brie-stuffed burger gets honorary mention here, but seriously, the beef + chorizo is an amazing combo. Just don't expect to go do anything active after lunch because food coma reasons.  Even the sandwiches are a mouthful! I haven't had a chance to try any of the sourdough sandwiches, but the turkey avocado club is a classic crowd pleaser. And the fries that come with all these options are always delicious and crisp.  
Want something even lighter? (Why? I thought you came here to eat??) The Kale salad is trendy, but on point, and the Farmicia salad is satisfying, but get the herb vinaigrette instead of the blue cheese. Makes a big difference.Only wanting a light meal, we decided to sample across a few items: 
-Dos Enchiladas de Pollo - delicious with very tender chicken and flavorful sauce
-Pumpkin Soup special - flavorful and rich without being heavy
-Apple Salad - generous portion of smoked cheddar and refreshing apples on greens - a nice autumn saladWent there for brunch - it was underwhelming. 
My Eggs Benedict was par - nothing spectacular. I wondered how they managed to price the Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon the same as with bacon - turns out they use mushy, low-grade salmon. 
Another person in our party was happier with their chiorzo omelet, however. It felt it was decent. 
Our server was inattentive, but friendly. The menu states that "Great food takes time", and while it took a quite a while to get our meal, I wouldn't call it "great".Have had brunch and dinner here. Both meals were outstanding! Can't wait for another Philly overnight so I can go back!!!Yuck! I really expected this place to be better, as we always walk by and see people dining in the windows. But, after the lack-luster / gross meal we ate there... I can't imagine what else people are ordering that's so delish!
I adore both salad and lentil - yet my lentil salad with chicken was actually revolting. Something about the taste was just off - tasted sour and the dressing was so thick that it was almost like hair gel, as if it had curdled and gone bad. The chicken was strangely cooked - still pink in the center in some pieces, and really gooey as if it were also covered in gel. 
My partner barely touched their sandwich - quite plain, bland, and the fries were incredibly overcooked. Certainly nothing memorable, if not disappointing.
The nachos were enjoyable. I'd go back for those, but nothing else!
Not to mention, the entire meal was incredibly overpriced - especially considering how we barely touched our meals.Farmicia used to be excellent. However, over the last year, their food has become increasingly greasier and saltier to the point where it really is just sub par. Last night was the last time I am ever going to go there. I had the salmon for dinner and it was the last thing I ate that day.  In he very early hours of the morning I woke up feeling sick to my stomach and not long after, I was very ill.  I have not had food poisoning this bad in my entire life.  I'll spare you all the details but the degree to which I was sick had my girlfriend and my parents thinking I might need to go to the ER.For $18, I got a small piece of bland chicken, some inedible polenta drenched in some sort of grease, and a few beans. My server allowed me to select two pieces of bread from an assortment, as if they were made out of gold. Fortunately, the olive bread was tasty. After the morsel of chicken and beans and two slices of bread, I felt like hitting McDonald's to top myself off, as I was definitely not full. (I probably would have been full had I eaten the disgusting polenta, but I digress...)
Food aside, the decor was pleasant and pastoral. I was surprised that the place doesn't have a pharmacy theme. The only nice part of the experience was that I was able to use a restaurant.com coupon to reduce my bill. This is a place with great service and ambiance but mediocre food.I found myself in Old City looking for a new place to dine, and remembering the buzz I've heard about Farmicia in the past, I decided to finally drop in.  The menu looked appealing as there were a lot of fresh, modern options.
I was delighted when my Dad sprung for a bottle of bubbly, although the server waited around 20 minutes after opening the bottle to bring a chiller.  My Dad and date split a cheese and apple salad over spinach, which when it arrived looked exactly like something I throw in a bowl at home.  No presentation and equally lacking in flavor.
I was very excited for my "Mega Dose of vegetables and grains" (I was kind of meh about the menu name, but whatever) and that was no overstatement!  I was tantalized by the fresh grilled veggies, tomato and avocado compote, wild mushrooms and wild grains with beans.  The hummus I avoided completely, it had an odd almost banana flavor, but the rest of the dish was fulfilling and provided good leftovers.
One member of our dinner party did order the Ahi Tuna, and this was a big flop.  She ordered it rare, and it came out more on the medium side.  The most bizarre note was the tuna came out with a huge heap of tatar sauce on top.  Not what you would expect on what should be a very raw piece of fish that should stand on it's own.
The sorbets were delicious, each flavor is definitely worth trying!
Overall, if Amada and Budakkan are a bit out of your price range and you need a decent meal in Old City, Farmicia would be an easy bet.Have visited here several times since our first visit, and just love this place.  We went for dinner last year, made friends with the waitress, and have even been down to Philly to see her !  Its like dating a woman with your family !!  : )  She's great, and so is the food when we go.Of course I am a fan of Farmacia's focus on food and drink crafted from local, seasonal, organic, and artisanal products. This I like a lot. Sometimes though, judging by the small plates and salads that I've tried, they could stand a bit of local, seasonal, organic, artisanal salt. I'm not even an overly salty person, unless you're referring to my general use of language or my many years at sea. 
My last cobb salad (hopefully not my last one on Earth, I mean my most recent), fresh and excellent ingredient-full as can be, was lacking seasoning in that blue cheese dressing. So that's how come I had to use those salt and pepper shakers. 
I'm mostly acquainted with the small plates of the bar menu, as mama likes a half-priced tonic or two. Happy hours... They were such happy, happy hours... fruit and herby infused tonics are tasty. Beers, interesting cocktails...half priced booze is a draw and with that  I've enjoyed the trio of spreads.  Artichoke pesto, Tuscan bean, and olive tapenade are served with ample amounts of skinny baguette. And I point this out, the "ample" part, because one of the things I despise in life is when there ain't enough dipping pieces for the dips, ya dig? So, the Tuscan bean, on its own is a little bland, but when topped with a little of that citrusy olive tapenade, is lovely. You're sitting there making a nice little appetizer for yourself. It's a good snack.
Happy hour brunch is from 11-3 is good stuff too. Cause I like a drink with my artisanal breakfast sandwich. 
In summary: Fresh, local, organic, snacks, breakfast, booze. These are a few of my favorite Farmacia things.Decor, check. Service, check.
The host was kind enough to offer the only bay-window table, replete with Christmas lights for added romantic-effect. For some nights, beautiful company and an inspired view is all you really need in a big big world. 
The food commands 3 1/2 stars at the very least. The Vietnamese crispy-fried squid ($9.5) brought sheer mirth -- easily the best dish of the night. Corn, as opposed to the standard flour batter, gave the calamari a distinctive texture and invigorating crunch. The dipping sauce had a spicy kick to it. Also memorable was the complementary Metro bread. Olive and rustic were choice.
My partner's Yellow Fin Tuna ($21.5, cooked well-done) was dry and insipid. I wasn't so adventurous and ordered the conventional grilled Angus burger ($15.5, medium-well). As far as burgers go, it tasted, well, like a burger. But sometimes, a plain American burger is the only thing that will hit the spot.
Presentation intertwines with taste just as ambiance cannot be divorced from inspiration. Farmicia is, therefore, a healthy marriage of both food and feeling.We braved the bitter cold rainstorm into Old City to try Farmicia. The restaurant is much bigger than expected. It is spacious and open with a nice bar along one edge of the restaurant. Each table has an apple from a local farm that is there for you to take home. In fact local produce and meats are a big influence on Farmicia's menu. The waitstaff was fairly helpful and knowledgeable but did not have good descriptions for items when we asked questions. Farmicia is owned by the people who bring Philly the Metropolitan bakery so you are given a choice of several types of fresh break to choose from at the beginning of the meal. The menu is decent size and has a large selection of salads. Being more of a meat eater, I opted for the braised rabbit, which was well cooked in a tomato sauce and served with polenta. For a main course I had the pan fried chicken served with wilted spinach and goat cheese croquette. The chicken was well cooked but a little lacking in flavor. However the goat cheese croquette was incredible. It was a large portion and complemented the heaping portion of spinach nicely. My lovely dining partner had the lamb which was much better than my chicken. It had a similar setup with a side of greens and a squash risotto cake that was delicious. I wasn't amazed with the desserts but they were decent. I would end by saying that the prices are higher than a typical BYO because in addition to waiving the corkage fee they have a full service bar. All in all it's a great restaurant that I would go back to for the fresh local cuisine.To brunch has become an intransitive verb, defined as such: a listless, fidgety wait, pretending you're better friends with those that you wait with than you actually are, realizing that there is a severe lack of conversation between you without an easel of potatoes and eggs at your disposal. And as you wait, you cannot wait to masticate, if only to avoid the lull. And then the food comes. There is chiming in but inconsistently with observations about the salty material between your teeth and on your tastebuds. "These potatoes are OK," we might say. But alas, there was Farmicia with the green apples in a bowl at the hostess station - a still life (the hostess', the apples'). And the potatoes were better than OK, and there was no line, and we ate - just us two - and talked about Iceland.Yum yum! Attractively decorated interior and good service complemented delicious food offerings. I had the duck breast, which was moist and delicious with plenty of perfectly rendered fat. The accompanying grain pilaf was a bit too al dente for my taste, but the snap peas were great. I lost track of what everyone else had, but we were all pleased with our meals. The trio of cheeses appetizer was outstanding, and we nearly licked the plate clean.
Particularly for such a nice restaurant with their own beer/wine selection, I was surprised to learn that not only are you free to bring your own, but there is no corkage fee for small groups.Food is delicious! I had a cucumber martini...yum yum! Bartender not so friendly..but I get everyone has a bad day every now and again. Asked for more pita bread she said "okay" never got it, but like I said food and drinks were good, maybe she had a bad day. We will be back!Had a lovely brunch at Farmicia with my partner - everything was outstanding, from the atmosphere (including the beautiful holiday decorations) to the service to the food and drink (at a very reasonable price)! I had the chilaquiles with sunny side up eggs, my partner had the hacienda eggs, and we each had a bloody mary. Drinks were spicy and yummy! And our food came out FAST and was delicious. Seriously. Our server was attentive but gave us space. And it is really a lovely, festive space. A huge bonus for us is that they do brunch starting at 10 am! Their menu is huge and interesting, we will definitely be back to try more!Farmicia was as advertised, with locally grown, wholesome food. We enjoyed our food and drinks on a rainy night, but only a few small gripes knocked this off of the five star listing. 
Atmosphere - Going down for Philly Restaurant Week, Farmicia Food and Tonics had a great selection, and proved easy for our party of five with a parking lot right next door. Interior is modern, with a small entry way for waiting guests. In the bar area was a large menu of various drinks and tonics, as well as seating large enough to have dinner at. The place was about 1/4 full for a rainy Tuesday night, but the ambiance and music really fit the bill well.
Waitstaff - Our waiter did a good job greeting us and bringing out drinks and bread to start. Helped some of our older guests pick between options and recommended a few good drinks. They use the team approach in bringing out food, which ensures service all at once for large groups. 
Food - My food was very good, and yes, the taste is noticeable with locally grown foods. I started with the Crab and Pear salad which was a nice blend of organic veggies and fresh crab. The dressing was smooth and paired well with the pear taste. Entree I went with was the St. Jame's Fish, which was cooked well with potatoes and a light sliver of cheese. The flavors of the fish with the cheese and fresh spinach was very enjoyable and tasted extremely good. Dessert was the recommended Pear and Cranberry Crumble, which had whole grains and tart chunks of fruit. If not for the scoop of vanilla ice cream, I would say this would have been one of the healthier desserts I've ever eaten. Other diners in my party went with the flank steak, which was enjoyable, as well as the Lancaster Chicken Breast, which the bones surprised one of our diners when she bit in. 
Intangibles - Two things bothered me about the experience overall though. We had a party of five on a slower night. The host seated us as a very awkward oval table when there were two older guests in our party. Very awkward and should have went with the expansive tables in a better section (which we went back up and asked to be reseated for). Shouldn't have had to request that with older diners. The other was that the place was very slow, which may have been the weather, but the city was also repaving the whole street. If I was aware of that before making the reservation, I would have chose a different location. Not the restaurants fault though, so don't let that stop you from dining there.
Overall - Farmacia was a nice place to try down in the city. A better options then some of the other restaurants close by, but not necessarily the type of menu for everyone. I would say this is not a place for small children, but more young adults and adults to try variations of classic recipes with a local, healthy focus.Had a great brunch. Arrived at 1130 am on a sunday. Parking in the area was free and was somewhat easy to find.  Service and food quality was good overall.  My shrimp and grits were good but was overall to salty for my taste.    
Nachos were great as well.Go on open table and get yourself a reservation! The atmosphere in the restaurant is cute and fun, loud, but not too loud. You are greeted nicely and the service continued to be great. The key thing for brunch is try and get your reservation 10-2 because every cocktail is half hour, which is worth it since they normally are $12+. I got the bacon egg and cheese on sourbread and it was delicious. For being a basic meal it still highly impressed me. I will be back!We took some out-of-town people there after a business meeting.  What an embarrassment.  For at least three people the steak was so tough that it was hard to cut. Unless things change, this place will be out of business soon.  It's substandard for the competitive Philly restaurant scene.Not a huge fan of this place. Definitely over priced for the food quality and portion size. Moreover, they have a weird policy of not letting groups larger than 10 people to bring their own wine. It was my friend's birthday, we were 14 people, and we weren't able to celebrate with a bottle of champagne because of this policy. So just a heads up, this place is NOT a BYO if you're more than 10.Brunch is my favorite. Been there 4 times in last few months. Thick maple bacon is awesome must try!I came here with a date for Sunday brunch. There was outdoor seating (I believe four tables), though we opted to dine indoors. The ambiance is nice, and we both commented on the 80s themed playlist playing in the background. The breakfast menu was not super extensive, and we were disappointed that some menu items we had anticipated (after reading previous Yelp reviews) such as the Crabcake Benedict, were not listed on it! I ultimately ordered a BLT w/fried egg sandwich and a side of pork sausage. Both were fine, but nothing so outstanding that I would have to try a second time. An okay breakfast option for Old City.How resplendent!! 
Just went here tonight before heading to QFest! Generally we head to Estia, but decided that we wanted to get something closer to the Ritz. Such a good decision!
We got here at 5, so seating wasn't an issue--we got the nice round table in front of the windows. Our waiter was scruffy and scrumptious! Top qual.
My dad started off with the octopus, which was delish and I started with the beet & fennel salad with french feta. The salad was soooo good, except my whole mouth was purple stained from the beets which was SO NOT HOT!
For the main course, I went with the tuna (rare), and my dad went with the duck. He wouldn't share but mine was pretty darn good!!!
To accompany the main course, I had the Juliet tonic, which was quite lovely if I must say so. So spritzy; me likey!!
After finishing our plates we HAD to have dessert! I had the white chocolate brioche bread pudding. 
--moment of silence--
soooo  good!! I miss it already! Get back in my belly!
My dad went with the key lime tart which had such a nice crust!
I'm most definitely coming back here again.Usually I really love Farmicia.  The brunches are terrific, service is always wonderful, and the atmosphere very welcoming.  Last night I had a very negative experience with some of the FOOD at Farmicia.  I ordered an arugula-watermelon salad----excellent.  My entree came with cheesy potatoes---great.  But I ordered London broil, and it was tougher than any meat I've ever eaten---like very cheap, old stewing beef or something.  It was covered with burned onions, and it was so dry!   When I complained, the waiter apologized, but made no attempt to adjust my bill to reflect it.  Apologies just don't help when the meal is bordering on $50!  I'm not sure I'll go back to Farmicia---at least not to eat dinner.  Maybe only brunch.Let me tell you the things I love about Farmicia: (1) any duck dish of theirs (2) happy hour brunch cocktails for $6!! & (3) they usually have at least one vegan dessert.
Bartenders were mostly attentive. Great neighborhood.This was my first time for lunch. My friend had the seasonal soup which was squash or pumpkin (orange color!)  She let me sample it and it was super yummy!  Very smooth and flavorful.  She also had the shrimp appetizer. Since I'm allergic, I didn't taste it. But she said it was very delicious. She asked for extra bread to soak up the sauce!  
Speaking of bread, they provide table-side choices with whipped-herb butter. I had the multi-grain! Very fresh! 
For my meal, I had the chicken fajitas. It did not come out on a steaming plate with the sizzle noise.  However, it was probably the best and healthiest fajitas I have ever had.  The chicken was cooked to perfection and had excellent seasoning. The sauteed onions and peppers were light and not saturated in oil. It also came with fresh salsa, guacamole and sour cream. Everything was seasoned well.
The staff was friendly and attentive without being intrusive. 
I will definitely be back.I have been wanting to eat here since I moved to the city in February. Finally 7 months later I am sitting in their modern yet warm decor sipping on a light cider (gluten free) and noshing on the most flavorful, fresh bread I have had in a while from a restaurant's offering. No doubt why the bread was so good; it was from their sister store the Metropolitan Bakery. Yum-o
Since I was dining with my Aunt, who is notorious for just wanting a taste of different dishes, we ordered a array of apps.
CS salad with egg-free dressing. Honestly I missed the egg. It solidifies the dressing making it creamy, this was lacking.
Angel hair pasta with tofu. Amazing. This was light and had a burst of spice that is rounded out by the olive oil. Did not even miss the meat. There was garlic, mint and red pepper that really kicked this up a notch. Vegan to boot!
Dos enchiladas pollo- shredded lean meat. Quest fresca and farmers cheese melted on top of creamy salsa verde- side of avocado salsa. Loved this; it was an app but could clearly be a meal. 
Zucchini florets - stuffed with ricotta and mint. Then deep fried to perfection. These are not what I expected and I am glad. Crispy on the outside and warm and melt in your mouth on the inside. 
Recommend? YES 
Overall? Small plates of fantastic food. You could taste the love and farm to fork precision the chef gave to every dish. Very inventive and most of all delicious.Had a wonderful time at Farmicia this morning for brunch! 
I made a reservation on Opentable and we were seated immediately upon arrival. Our waitress was helpful and sweet, and the food came out in record time! It was so fast that the bf and I had to stall a little bit to partake in their brunch happy hour (Half off all drinks from 11-2). They didn't rush us even though we were finished with our food which was great.
The food was pretty tasty as well. I had a goat cheese and herb omelet and the bf had eggs Benedict with smoked salmon. We are both gluten-free by choice and farmicia was happy to leave off the bread from our meal. I do wish they would have offered a substitution for the bread but that's okay. Beware, they don't have a lot of gluten free options for brunch so be ready to customize your order and get creative. Also, we got the fruit salad as a starter and it wasn't seasonal fruit but rather the stuff you'd get at a hotel (frozen honeydew, melon, pineapple) hence why this place got a 4. Skip the fruit salad!
Otherwise, I love this place! Great vibe, happy hour was half off heavy handed cocktails, and the food was well-priced and delicious. Will definitely be going back again soon!Such a great brunch... yeah maybe they don't accept any restaurant.com gift certificates for brunch... but if you were them, you probably wouldn't either.  
Brunch is spectacular (and drinks are half priced)! 
Some of the items I've ordered that are worth recomending...
Hacienda Eggs two fried eggs, crispy tortilla, re-fried black beans, salsa, sour cream, queso fresca.  
Jumbo Lump Crab Omelette fresh tomatoes, sauteed spinach & mushrooms topped with Hollandaise 
Lump Crabmeat & Green Apple Salad: lemon-mint dressing, greens, creamed avocado ***I loved this! I was in the mood for something on the lighter side and this hit the spot.  It's a large salad with a significant amount of jumbo lump crab.  The dressing with light and the apple complimented it well. 
As for drinks... I really loved the "little miss sunshine" the first half dozen times we've been there for brunch.  I will say that last time we went it was off and not enjoyable. I'm hoping its a fluke and the original recipe wasn't changed.
Make reservations... brunch is packed!Took my grandmother there for her birthday this year and it was a hit. The waitress was really nice and allowed us to get the lunch menu appetizer since we arrived a bit earlier then we had planned, found parking right in front of it, and then we ordered dinner from the normal menu. 
The food was just astounding, we each got wildly different items and they all were excellent.I rarely take stars off for poor service because I typically just blame it on the restaurant being busy or a waiter being overwhelmed with tables. However, our service experience at Farmicia for Sunday brunch was one of the slowest and most impersonal/absent I've had in this city despite a mostly empty restaurant.
We had a reservation and the service to start was great as they were able to seat us 15min early. Most likely due to the fact that they were fairly empty around 2pm. 
We ordered drinks and after our waiter brought them he promptly disappeared before we could even get a word out to say we were ready to order. Here's where things went way downhill... 20min go by and despite witnessing him check on his other nearby tables we could not get his attention to take our order. He would check on each table and completely ignore us. We honestly wondered if we had somehow offended him. 
He finally took our order and disappeared again. Our food took awhile and not once did our waiter check to see if we needed anything. 
We finished our meals, all our plates were finally cleared and then the wait... while we could see about 8 employees from our corner table, not one made eye contact or noticed our empty table and obvious need for a check. 
Maybe 10 more minutes went by and we finally approached a busboy to inform them we'd appreciate if they found our waiter for the check. Another 10minutes and our waiter magically appears and seems to have no idea we had requested the check. He goes to get it and after 30min of waiting we are finally on our way out. 
If the food and hostess experience were not great then I would have nothing positive to say. Everyone loved their meals but being ignored throughout to this extent was not ideal and quite surprising given the great reviews which enticed us to try this place!Absolutely thought this place was awesome. There was an apple on the table. That is cool, right? I also like bread and they bring out 2321321 different breads for you to enjoy. I went with a vegetarian and she had plenty of choices. I got a steak because I love meat. This doesn't effect the review but I do enjoy a darker setting. It was a little bright for me.Went for dinner on a Tuesday night with two friends. Aps and entrees were delicious, as were pre-dinner cocktails. The wait staff was super accommodating and the (huge) gluten-free brownie a perfect cap to the meal. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.good breakfast. well employees! its a good price for the food! a lot of opportunitys to sit.Being a member of the service industry in philadelphia, i was very disappointed at my experience at farmicia.  i only went there with my entire family for my dads birthday to have a specific server, and when we were seated, the host told me that i wasn't going to have that particular server and that i was going to have a different one.  whatever. we ordered drinks then ate and i have to say the food was AWESOME. everything was great, but then the server mixed up SOOO many drink orders it was ridiculous.  
ill say this about farmicia, the food is incredible, the management is terrible.  terrible to their customers and terrible to their employees.
awesome food adam keep it upThe food is TERRIBLE.
I went here during restaurant week (a time when 3.5 star establishments like this one shouldve been at the top of their game) and i felt like i was eating high school cafeteria quality food. I normally dont write restaurant reviews, but I would feel bad for people who enjoy the Philly food scene and expect good things trying this restaurant for the first time. Do not go here! The lentils were dry and way overpowered by unflavored lettuce, the fish must've been in the fridge for 2 weeks, and the cocktail tasted like a mix of bankers vodka and water, even though it was supposed to have flavor. 
The only redeeming quality of this place was that our waitress was very nice, but mostly what it comes down to is the food-- and this place beyond struggles in that regard.
Anyway, dont go here.I definitely liked the feeling of this place.  We ate here on a Sunday morning without a reservation and got a seat right away, though it was pretty crowded.  There was an apple on the table.  Cute.  I pocketed it before leaving and had it later in the day.  My mate had a bloody mary, he is considered a connoisseur, and liked this one a lot,  however there was no Old Bay rim.  I had a cocktail they called "rejuvenation" or somesuch thing, and another that was a variation on a mimosa.  I liked the former best.  There is a vegan option at brunch, so that's what I had: the tofu scramble with black beans and soy chorizo. That was pretty great, there were a lot of elements to the dish and I was satisfied for hours... and then I bit into the table apple.Farmicia has great lunch options and a really great happy hour. Unfortunately, my waiter service during lunch last week left a lot to be desired (gruff, hostile waiter who seemed to hate his job and possibly his life). But Farmicia's food was great and there were so many more things I wanted to try. I had a chicken sandwich for $12ish, my friends had empanadas and grilled cheese -- all of us were happy and stuffed.
Their happy hour is also fabulous -- half off all drinks and given that they have a great wine list and really interesting set of cocktails, it's a good deal and I can't wait to go back.The restaurant isn't really remarkable in any way, atmosphere is okay, but not tremendously attractive or romantic, but not ugly or loud either. 
The menu looks promising but fails to deliver. The flavours and textures are very off, they just don't make sense. As an appetizer, the Crabmeat & Asian Pear Salad was way too sweet (crab is sweet, pear is sweet, so there should have been some spice or acidity - a Granny Smith apple would have been a more sensible fruit choice - the lemon vinaigrette couldn't compete with the onslaught of sweetness). The smoked trout was unceremoniously dumped on some shaved cabbage. Both portion sizes were ridiculously generous. The duck confit was served cassoulet-style, in a very heavy sauce with beans and brie. Such a shame. I know cassoulet with duck confit is a tradtional French dish (but there's never brie in a cassoulet, because that is utter madness), but because duck confit itself is rather a heavy dish, smothering it in a heavy salty bean stew topping it with greasy cheese is nothing short of a conundrum. 
The smoked beef short ribs were overly salty and served on pasta with sweet potato, so all very soft textures - one couldn't make out the smoky flavor as it was too salty, and the soft textures didn't make it a pleasurable experience. Service was equally lackluster, with our waitress bemoaning that the weather caused the lack of customers - not quite the kind of table talk one appreciates on Valentine's Day (and it might not just be the weather). 
The one good thing about the restaurant was the wine, but since it was BYOB - we brought it ourselves.This is my favorite lunch time destination. Though I have been to dinner here once during restaurant week, I have been back 3 times since and I must say it never disappoints. The food is phenomenal, the portions generous, and the service attentive and amazing. My server the last few times was Dan, I totally recommend requesting to sit in his section. Not only is he attentive and informative, he has a great personality and is more than able to read how much attention your table needs.
An added love for this restaurant is that they do not make their tattooed employees cover their arms. I am a heavily tattooed, professional and I find this acceptance completely refreshing.
I will continue to regularly visit this amazing establishmentMy wife and I at at Farmicia for the first time last night.  We shared the shaved Brussel sprout salad and I had the farfalle with pork shoulder special.  Both were incredible.  That plus the impeccable, prompt service made it the perfect dinner before a movie at the Ritz Five.My husband and I visited this restaurant from out of town.  We were visiting Philly from DC and looking for restaurants that weren't chains.  At first I was looking for a booze type brunch, but knowing we were going to play the tourist role all day, I rethought the idea of champagne sloshing in my belly all day.
With that being said, this was a GREAT brunch spot.  Their booze was pricey unless you came to happy hour between 11am and 2pm.  The food however, was very yummy and very generous portions.  
My husband gladly gobbled down his Nova Lox Bagel with advocado, which I thought was a nice twist.  I indulged in an a glorified egg mcmuffin with amish cheddar and I nice side salad.  We also splurged on their grilled brie.
We left with no complaints, except our noisy neighbors which was no fault of the restaurant.  The pricing was fair and the atmosphere nice.  Also, you can't beat that it is in walking distance of the Bell!We absolutely loved the French toast, eggs Benedict and pancakes at this place! the best part was that it was relatively one panics for old city brunches. Check it out on any weekend - it's busy but there's no wait.I used to consider this place a solid restaurant pick in Old City - my boyfriend and I would to bring visiting guests as the menu is large and you can byob.  I really like the vegetarian tamales they have.
The last time we went, however, was particularly bad.  We had the calamari and salad to start.  The calamari was fine - fried and crispy but the salad was bland and had huge chunks of cheese in it which I might like if it weren't a salad.  For my entree, I asked the waitress what she recommended and she said, without hesitation, the butternut squash risotto balls.  They sounded great so I went with them.  When they came out they weren't even golden brown and just tasted like rice mixed with mashed squash - no flavor.  It was horrible.  I won't be back.Love this place for brunch!
They have great food. But I'd like to address the brunch happy hour. $5 cocktails. Not just any cocktai, but good, high end, $12 drinks. My favorite cocktail in the city, the espresso martini, resides here. Even if I've already gone to brunch, it's easy to entice my friends to come for a second round. Great atmosphere, great service, amazing drinks.Have only been once, but loved it.
The service is great.  The happy hour at the bar is great - $3 drafts of Philadelphia Joe? Hell yes, please!  After a round of porters, my boyfriend and I took a table for dinner.  He loved loved loved his steak and green beans, and I really enjoyed the butternut squash risotto croquettes.  
Yum :-)Fantastic find for me. Located near the Revolutionary Museum we happened upon this and were pleasantly pleased. Service was great and friendly (many waiters can do one or the other, not both). The place was lively but not too loud and the food came reasonably fast. I ordered the tofu dish and it was incredible.  All the dishes were prepared with fresh local farm ingredients. Add this to your lunch or dinner plans if you're in Philly (add the Revolutionary Museum too.)On a sunny day, walking around town with my sidekick I stumbled onto Farmicia. Farmicia offers fresh, local organic ingredients in their dishes. Who doesn't love that theme and wish others would get the memo? We're sold.
We had outdoor seating and were given the bar menu (which is pretty much the lunch menu) because it was in between brunch and dinner. They do offer happy hour and are reasonably priced.
THE MENU (generally): cheeses, fish, salad, sandwiches, clever cocktails and light entrees. 
FOOD: We shared two dishes---the crab cake on brioche and the grilled goat cheese on toasted sourdough. Yum, yum, yum = 3 stars worthy. Here's why it isn't worth 4 or 5: oily. Everything was sooo greasy and it's advertised as though it's supposed to be cooked fresh and then to have it come out oily was just, unnecessary. Also, they should up the crab cake sandwich's price and make it a lump of crab, not shredded. I didn't leave impressed and I didn't leave thinking, "Holy crap, I need to come back tomorrow!"  
The better side of this restaurant is that they definately have fresh veggies, breads and other portions. When I ate the tomato I thought it was definately local and it reminded me of the tomatoes my family have in their backyard. My boyfriend said the brioche was fantastic but his mojito fell flat. 
I'd go back to check them out in a year but since there are better places, no time soon.
SERVICE: Great, happy and helpful.
ATMOSPHERE: Clean, classy and artsy.We visited Farmicia on Sunday for brunch and were impressed with the menu and the selections. We all enjoyed our brunch and would definitely recommend it! They even have a brunch happy hour, pretty cool!Went here for my 30th birthday dinner with some of the pickiest eaters ever (read: my family) and recently went with friends here for brunch.  My birthday dinner was fantastic and everyone found something they enjoyed.  I wish I could be more specific but this was last year and I am old now.  
For brunch, I had the Fritatta and my friend had the Scrambled Tofu and Vegan Chorizo Sausage.  The portions were perfect for people who eat normal portion sizes but as far as brunch sizes are concerned, these were small.  Good things DO come in small packages though, and the food was scrumptious.  
Pricey if you aren't getting drinks and don't care about the old city atmosphere but this is a terrific place to take out of towners, parents or in laws.I was out in the philly area on business and a friend brought me here for lunch.. Such a yummy hidden gem...
I had the club sandwich and the portions were huge! Everything that they brought out looked soo yummy. The atmosphere was great as well----really earthy decor.. i thought it was a  trendy vegetarian place when i went in..
Worth the stop to try them out.. really nice servers and attentive as well.Great, eclectic atmosphere with an impressive lunch menu. An apple in a small ornate dish serves as a quirky little centerpiece on each table. The waitstaff is extremely nice and efficient. Even the condiments come in funny little jars with small demitasse spoons that you can use to put the condiment on your plate, very different. The menu is geared towards both vegetarians and meat-eaters (the waitress reccomended the tofu sausage as being excellent). As the name suggests, Farmicia also offers a large menu of specialty tonics and elixirs chock full of nutrients and vitamins. A selection of baked breads is presented at your table for you to choose from, all from the Metro Bakery, quite delicious.  I have never been to another restaurant that had table-side bread service.  All around a great lunch, although it was a little pricey for what we ordered. Definitely no cheap eats, but good food with an upscale mentality, in a casual, trendy atmosphere.I came here for Sunday Brunch and really enjoyed it. The portions were generous and delicious. Try the crab omelette. Prices were a little high, but worth it. 
The Happy Hour Brunch special ends at 2pm so it's best to get there early.Showed up aroud noon on Saturday and the hosts told us there would be a 20-30 min wait, but after 5 minites outside, they called us in. Awesome! Me and my friend were seated in one of the bay window seats in the front..LOVE!
We ordered the St. Germain cocktail and the White Peach. The St. Germain was perfect, the lemon zest bubbling in the bottom was a nice touch. The White Peach on the other hand, was insanely sweet, my friend had to chug water with every sip. But, with hh being half off drinks, it wasnt the end of the world.
For brunch entrees my friend got the Pumpkin pie french toast, which did not help with the sweetness of her drink, but the french toaster itself was good. I got The Maryland, which essentially a crab cake eggs benedict. I substituted grits as my side. So good! I heard this place was hit or miss with entrees, so I guess I got lucky! 
My only criticism is the service. A server shushed me while I was telling the host my name for the wait sheet because apparently his conversation with the host was more important than customers. Very rude!! Our server was minimally attentive, but he came over when a need was obvious. When he saw our drinks low, he would ask if we wanted another round. Nothing special, however he still deserved his 20%.
I'll definitely be back for another St. Germain Cocktail. Delicious!the food is pretty good, but my friend got a wicked case of food poisoning after getting fish there. not my style of decor at all.  it reminds me of 90s tv shows. im sure people from jersey love this spot, but not me. step it up philadelphia.Took 7 friends here for a Sunday brunch. Heard a lot of good things about it so was excited to check it out. Server was good. Drinks were not so great. Food was not good at all. We all got different items and at the end of the meal were sad we picked Farmicia. Food was cold. Eggs benedict were so soggy it was inedible with spinach water. Will not be back.If I lived in Philly, I would probably meet up with friends here a lot.
My husband found this place on a whim, and I'm glad he did.  The food was delicious and the drinks were phenomenal.  We went there for brunch, and didn't want to leave. 
They make PHENOMENAL bloody marys...and I am a snob about those!  Their amish cheddar grits were just creamy good!  And we loved their grilled brie--never seen that on a menu before, and now I want to try it at home!  Grilled brie with pesto on baguettes.  YUM! 
I loved that their food was locally sourced and organic.  Our server was fine, not extraordinary, but it was ok.
We had to be rolled out when we left, that good.  If you are in town, check it out!As far as vegan meals go this place was above average. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the energy put into creating the upscale environment and food. The people eating there were pretty stuffy but that is what you get when you pay a higher price for meals like this these days. I was surprised bye the wait staff (hipsters). But overall I got the Vegetable meal...It was delicious. Vegan Dessert was ok. The ginger tonic was amazing. My mother who was with me also really enjoyed the Tuna.Went there for dinner last night, I had the Vegetable & Curry soup as an appetizer, it was good, but salty & the portion was pretty large.  After eating the soup - I was no longer hungry, but an entree was already ordered & when it was brought to the table I knew I was in trouble.  The Mega Vegetable plate is so large that it could feed three people.  It was served TV dinner style on a plate with little compartments - I think I ate about one fifth of what was served.  It was good, but again salty.  I had them pack up the leftovers, however, I don't think I will be eating the rest.  
Farmicia is a nice place for cocktails, but I gave them 3 stars for the salty food & the overly large portions.Farmicia to me seems confused. 
First, the decor is an attempt at quaint country, but it's all over the place. With huge murals, and apples on the table. They need to take a trip over to Honey's and see how it should be done.
That being said, the food is really delicious. Everything is very fresh, and they have Metropolitan Bakery making all of the bread that they use. 
A great place for a healthy meal!All I'll say is that there was a paper towel in my salad. So. At least I didn't pay!Ate here Saturday morning. Very fast service and frendly, attentive.  Good coffee, loved the nova lox sandwich-toasted bagel, cream cheese, tomato, bermuda onion and avocado, with a good amount of lox. Interesting crowd too.
You should definitely go.Very impressed with this place! A wide variety of menu options for anyone to enjoy. Friendly and knowledgable staff as well, doesn't get much better! 
I came in for lunch, got a prime spot right in front of the window, nice lighting but it was a little hot! Maybe next time, if it's that sunny I would choose and different spot. I got a little toasty! It was a beautiful set up though so I didn't really mind. 
There is an extremely large gluten free menu and it's almost identical to the regular menu. We started off with the skillet nachos. I don't normally take interest in nachos because they're not exactly a healthy option, but this time I was glad I indulged. The cheese was phenomenal! 
I chose the Tuna Salad for my main dish and it was very refreshing. The dressing was fresh and perfectly seasoned. The golden beets combined with the olives is something I never thought to try. My friend got the turkey avocado club, which was made using carved turkey that they cook themselves. It was large and the fries were perfectly golden brown. 
I wish I had room to try dessert, I was very satisfied and full from my meal. I'll have to check it out next time. There will definitely be a next time!Perfect location for a relaxing Sunday brunch!  I was in Philly just for the weekend and stumbled upon Farmicia. Amazing cocktails and delicious food!  Would definitely recommend and would for sure put it on my list to visit again when I return to Philly.Ok food mediocre service.  Great soupWe went for an anniversary with some friends, and had an overall great time. We sat inside, and the decor was inviting, fresh and friendly. 
The food was great - creative, tasty, filling. It tasted fresh and the flavour combinations were exciting, and yet not so "experimental" that it didn't also feel like comfort food. The Metropolitan Bread was great, and they kept coming around with it. We actually kept trading plates because we all loved everything. The chocolate creme pot dessert was ABSURDLY good, and I felt like I was doing something evil just eating it - so decadent. Yum. 
The service was fine - she was attentive and had it almost perfect - only forgot one drink, and apologetically returned quickly with it when we reminded her. No sweat.
I'd recommend this place to anyone. It's a good spot for a date, or a group of friends looking for a nice, fresh place for dinner.Great food! So fresh! The service is excellent too. The manager is very friendly! :) On top of having a cocktail list, it is also BYO! We really enjoyed this place and will certainly be coming back!Fantastic brunch! Took my girl for brunch and sat at the bar. The bartenders were fantastic and we felt like we were watching a show with all the amazing drinks. Had the crabmeat omelette.....the best eggs we've ever had. Sausage side was great! Everything was so fresh and absolutely great! Excellent place!!!!!Great short ribs and love the vegan lemon cake!
Also plus for the waiter check with us if we want extra bread.I think Farmicia is really hit or miss. 
I've been here multiple times and sometimes I leave feeling like I ate an amazing meal and sometimes I leave feeling like I paid too much for something that wasn't great. I think a lot of the entre's are overpriced, but when you hit something that tastes amazing it makes it worth it.
They have great drink options--they create their own flavored alcohols and mix some drinks with items such as lavender and cucumber.
Parking can be difficult in this area, but it's a good location with lots of other bars and restaurants nearby.Brunch was average.  Had the Benedict, decent.  We went early, before 11 am, so didn't need a reservation, otherwise you'll need one.  I had a bday brunch a few months ago and had a reservation for x amount of people, one day before we had another person who wanted to join so I called to update the reservation but they said they could not guarantee they could accommodate us.  Not great, we ended up going somewhere else.We were staying at Hotel Monaco just a couple of blocks away and stopped in for dinner. Great menu and even better, happy hour on a Friday until 7! We ordered a variety of small plates and our littlest had a PB&J, I can't tell you how much I appreciate that you charge an extremely fair price for kids menu choices because as most parents know, they probably will only eat 2 or 3 bites anyway. When we pay that little for a kids meal I don't think twice about an extra glass of wine!
If we're back in Philly we'll definitely stop in again!Fresh, delicious breakfast. Everything from the eggs to the jam to the coffee was spot on and amazing, not to mention the food came out SO fast. Couldn't believe it. Had a chance to sit outside on a gorgeous day which only added to the great experience. I would recommend to anyone!My favorite new discovery!  The boyfriend and I had an AWESOME brunch here to start off our Valentines celebration.  The food was delicious and beautifully presented, the service was speedy & friendly, the decor was adorable, and the drinks kicked ass and were half off!!!  What is not to love about this place?  We made reservations and I would recommend doing that because it did get a tad crowded.  Try the bloody mary even if you are not really a fan because it is out of this world and it will convert you....true story.  I say go here and spread the word.  And try the eggs Benedict with the salmon because you will fall in love.  I will absolutely be back here and next time I will try dinner and dessert.I try not to go to places unless I've done by research beforehand but Farmicia was a pleasant surprise! Given it was a Saturday during brunch and we didn't have reservations, my friend and I were given the recommendation to sit at the bar where they provided full service. 
I ordered an orange juice to start and nothing beats their freshly squeezed juice. Their brunch menu was interesting - there was a wide selection of brunch items (I did notice quite a few Mexican items strangely), but I was craving the Eggs Benedict w/ Smoked Salmon. I instantly became giddy when I saw the abundance of smoked salmon! I really enjoyed the flavor and textural combination of the crunchy English muffin, salty and silky smoked salmon, soft spinach, runny egg, and rich hollandaise sauce. I only wish they added more than a dollap of the sauce on top - I would lick it off the plate if that was socially acceptable. 
For $14, I left very satisfied. The portion size was perfect. The service at the bar was a bit slow, but I'll definitely be back for more!Restaurant Week is that time for those of us with limited means to experience otherwise not usually frequented tables. Farmicia, our first selection this week offered some most delightful preparations. The crab salad features a fair serving of crab and a lively selection of perfectly touched dressings. The star of the salads, the octopus, appeared in the companionship of roasted green peppers, olives and potatoes. The only time I have had such perfectly tender octopus was at a seaside tavern in Galaxia, Greece. 
The main courses we ordered, the tuna, the turbot (St. Peter's Fish) and the lamb merit the finest accolades. The preparations, thoughtful as they were delectable, engaged us with new textures and tastes. For dessert, we found ourselves somewhat stymied but resolved ourselves with the exceptional chocolate pie and the ginger cake. 
I would suggest one significant improvement to Farmicia's service: bread. If this were France or Italy Farmicia would cause a riot in the street. Not to have a bread basket on the table is simply anathema. It is also not in character with the feel and stated spirit of the place. One should never have to ask for bread.
One more note: our server could not have been more friendly and accommodating.She was the example to be followed.I've been here twice for lunch, and both times been very pleased with my meal.  The first time I got soup and salad.  The tomato soup was delicious, and with no cream in it, healthy!  Salad was good but just a salad of course.  Price of that meal was right - under $10 before tax and tip.
The second time I was super duper impressed by Farmicia's vegan enchiladas.  Tons of food, great price ($10.5 maybe?), great flavor.  Will definitely be back to have those again.  
This place is great for vegans and veggies - lots of options.  But it's also great for any omnivore out there; lots of options to suit every taste (or ideology).
I will say that the first time I came, our server split our cards incorrectly.  There were four of us dining, but three of us were picking up the tab for the 4th person.  So the server actually put only 1/4 of the bill on each of three cards.  I thought it seemed really cheap... anyway, we got up to leave (which was a good 5-10 minutes after she brought us back our credit cards) and only then did she tell us that she messed up.  It wouldn't be that nice for us to stiff her on that extra 1/4 of the bill, but I would have appreciated a heads up sooner.  I'm sure this occurrence was a one-off, as well.Food pretty good. Very original ideas that are all over the place. Wasn't quite sure what the restaurant was all about though. It did not seem to have a particular identity. 
We had started off with a local cheese plate, with a fruit chutney. Very Italian appetizer, yet the majority of the menu was Mexican. There were also a bunch of items from the farms of Lancaster county featured on the menu also. 
The chorizo and potato filled quesadilla was good, however, it was stuffed to the brim. More typical of a taco rather than quesadilla. 
It seems as though the restaurant is bursting at the seams with original themes, but there are just too many of them. If it focused on one particular area, it would be much better. 
Overall, it was a pleasant experience and good to try.Sad that this place only has a 3.5 star average rating. I definitely feel as though it should be higher!
Came here around 2 PM for restaurant week for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised. 
SERVICE: Our server was incredibly sweet and gave us recommendations on the menu (and took ample pictures of us because she wanted to make sure we liked them).
FOOD: The food was excellent. For the first course, I ordered the quesadilla, which was MASSIVE and soft and cheesy and perfect with the chunky salsa. My second course dish was a pesto and goat cheese sourdough bread sandwich, which was drenched in oil and perfectly flavorful with the melted goat cheese. I could have done with less oil on the bread itself, but it still made for a satisfying meal. For the third course, my friend and I ordered the Apple Crisp as well as the Flourless Chocolate Torte. The apple crisp was delicious, with pecans and rich vanilla ice cream. It was slightly on the dry side (perhaps not enough butter), but still really tasty and nutty. The flourless chocolate torte was exceptional, and was maybe one of the best ones I've tasted at a restaurant. It was so incredibly dense and rich and decadent, and paired with the chocolate ice cream and chocolate sauce it was just truly a chocolate lover's dream.
AMBIANCE: The ambiance is adorable and quaint, decked out with twinkle lights. The charm of the place really translates into all the decor and the vibe of the place.
OTHER: The portion sizes were HUGE. It felt so great to go to a lunch restaurant week meal and feel incredibly full as compared to the usual portion sizes with lunch restaurant week menus.
I'll definitely be back. Food was incredibly tasty, menu was solid, ambiance was STUNNING, and the portion sizes were big enough to leave me feeling happy and satisfied post-dining!Wow. With friendly, solicitous service, some killer alcoholic herbal concoctions, and a brunch to die for, I will be back.
Brunch was $26, which for me is expensive, but this was a real treat!
The half price on Sunday "Tonics" and all other alcoholic bevies, totally lured me in. While one compatriot owned that his drink was too saccharine, when he re-read the menu he did admit he should have known better. I had a fantastic play on the classic mimosa and learned a bit about some liqueurs we haven't seen since pre-prohibition. Very neat. If you are a total nerd for cocktails, have fun!
As a true diner lover, one of my favorite breakfasts is SOS, or Cream Chipped Beef on toast. Well FARMicia's version with mushrooms on a brioche was heavenly. I ate the whole thing, and still managed to pack away my crème brulé for dessert.
We had a very fun time and will definitely be back for more brunches.Wonderful brunch! Had the crab omelette, which had a good amount of crab meat in it. Half price drinks is a bonus. The vodka, club soda and rose essence was yummyLiked the food and Ambience so much that we went twice.  They have great happy hour drink prices.  Food is delicious and service excellent.  I like how they serve their bread at the table selection!  Excellent all the way!Fantastic!  Decadent cocktails as good as those at Ranstead Room and Franklin Mortage (but for less $). Scrumptious dishes to please any omnivore-in-a-dilemma. 
Gold, burgundy hues, and twinkling lights draped from the ceiling into cozy booths make for a sultry ambiance.  Service is on point.  My glasses were always full.
Its prime location in Old City makes it a good first stop for a night out.  Start with a round or two of cocktails and step across the street to National Mechanics or Plow and the Stars for dancing. 
To drink, I recommend the Bloody Mary, hot toddies, and the "yoga."  To eat, anything and everything is fresh and flavor-packed.  But if your group just wants to sit ordering successive rounds of drinks, it's okay! A rare find in Philly.Had a great Sunday brunch here a few weeks ago. Food was absolutely DELICIOUS. Service was great but not due to my server who was dressed like he was going out to club and smelled like old beer like he'd just rolled out of bed from the night before. Will def back but ask for a different server.After having had great brunch and happy hour here, tonight I tried the dinner menu with a friend.
I have a gluten issue, and the waitress informed me that they have a gluten free menu!   
I had a short rib dish that was served over wild rice with roasted sweet potato. It was delicious. On the non-gf menu they offered the same dish, instead of rice it is served with pasta.  The short rib was doused in a (tomato based?) sauce, which made the rice very flavorful. 
Our server was very informative and friendly, I wish I could remember her name but I do know that she loves Dr Dog :)I've always had a great time at Farmicia, whether it's brunch or dinner or even happy hour.  High ceilings allow the restaurant to feel airy and roomy, while the country-esque decor give it a great casual feel to the place.  Apparently it used to be a fireman's house?
Drinks run between the low-key fizzy orange juice to delicious homemade tonics (try the Farmer's Daughter or another one with prosecco and St Germain liqueur) and the food is simply amazing.  Didn't think I would ever find a vegan noodle dish appealing, but they make a fantastic cappelini with sauteed tofu that has completely changed my outlook on vegan eating.  Yum!Amazing Brunch! I went yesterday for brunch with my finace and 2 friends. One of my friends suggested that I try the vegan tofu scramble with vegan chorizo sausage! While I am not fully vegan, I don't mind eating vegan when I can. 
It was amazing. The chorizo was so good, I was worried I was eating meat. It came with re fried black beans, a vegan sopapilla, and avacado salsa. 
The entire dish was full of great flavor and color. Needless to say I finished it all. (which is not something I often do at restaurants)
I will go back here for brunch. 
They do serve dinner but i have heard it's not as good as the brunch.Fo SHO! Awesome eats here. Was taken out by my friend and her family over graduation weekend. Had the rib-eye (they were out of the london broil) but it was delicioussssssssssssss. I liked the organic thing they had going, though I wouldn't normally go out of my way for an organic meal. The waiter was adorable and service was really good. Excellent cocktail menu with all sorts of  old school apothecary style drinks.When reading real reviews by real people, you have to understand that you might not be getting a opinion of someone with a trained palate or culinary studies experience. I am no exception, but I do eat out more than frequently, OK a shit load. I believe you start gaining a more valid opinion based on the trial and error. I like to think of it as the culinary school of hard knocks. I also think if you have a favorite dish and order it frequently, you do know exactly how it should be prepared. 
For me, that dish is duck...I jones for it like quack...sorry i mean crack. I have a tough time passing it up when I see it on menu. The duck at Farmicia was the best I ever had, in fact only the late Copper(RIP) came close. What was special about it? Absolutely nothing except that it was a great piece of fowl, seasoned and cooked without discernible flaws. everything else I have had was also pleasing. My advice for the frequent diner, is have a meal at Farmicia and use it as a baseline for judging other meals. Good cooking is obvious to even the inexperienced palate.I was utterly charmed by this place's décor - it's somewhere between hipster and swanky - it's lovely, creative, and comfortable - my lasting impression is a warm glow. There's three main seating areas with a bar. Servers weren't totally on the ball but were really friendly. I had one delicious pancake and some good coffee. I was really sad I didn't make it back to this place before my trip in Philly ended.Flew in for Thanksgiving to visit my brother. Came downtown and found this place on Yelp. Nice atmosphere and decor. Farm to table. Had the Grilled Cheese and added avocados. My brother had the Chorizo burger and it was massive! Shared a Ginger Cake with Pineapple chunks served with Avocado/Coconut homemade ice cream. Good prices for fresh, clean food. Close to Independence Hall too.Great place for brunch when you want to visit the Independence Mall and its surrounding (including the charming Ben Franklin's original house just next door), though constructions on 3rd is somewhat damaging to its streetside appeal.   Vegan chorizo is delicious (I did a side by side tasting of real chorizo in their Mexican Omelet vs the vegan, and vegan won out!), but was served unnecessarily greasy.  Pressed then crumbled tofu would have been a much better accompaniment to this chorizo, instead of the pillowy chunks of un-pressed tofu that it was served with.  Brunch is hated by all chefs...and for good reason.  No outlet for creativity, prime weekend resting/relaxing hours taken away from you...cooking egg after egg after egg, but still, it's the little touches that'll make you come back.  Farmicia has enough going on that it probably doesn't need to pull off superb brunch, but I wish it would.
PS: half price cocktails=awesome idea, but serve it with a bit more flourish!  No celery stalk, one sad little olive on a skewer.  With a fierce name like "barn burner" you need to do better.I came here, did not have any form of meat. And it was delicious.  Came here on friend-date with a girlfriend of mine, had a glass of wine, cheeseplate & one of their vegan entrees.  Sometimes when ordering an all vegetarian meal something is left to be desired, but not here.  Excellent service, great atmosphere & delicious food. I came for dinner, but excited to try their brunch one time!Oh my gatto mister roboto that tofu pasta is mind blowing! everything else is decentA couple years back, some friends of mine had an awful experiencing at Farmicia for a birthday dinner. They brought their own wine (as is allowed since Farmicia is both a BYO and a bar), but before the waitress opened the wine she carded them (they were legal). She then proceeded to snap one of my friends real IDs (who was 21)! I'm pretty sure it's illegal to take someones real ID. Needless to say, I pretty much avoided ever visiting this restaurant. 
Yesterday, though, when another friend suggested going to Farmicia for brunch, I thought I might as well give it a try. I'm certainly glad I did. The brunch was delicious! Since they take reservations, we were able to seated right away. Note: if you didn't have reservations the wait would have been 30 minutes to an hour so definitely make reservations! 
The menu offered a wide range of foods that cater to all palettes. Being from Mississippi, I love when restuarants have good southern food on their menu (i.e. grits). Obviously I order them which were accompanied by eggs, sausage, and bread. It was delicious. The grits were just as good as anywhere at home. My bf ordered the BLT sandwich which came with a side of fries. Since he is allergic to eggs, brunch can be a difficult meal to order for, but he was very pleased with his abundant options. 
By far the best part of the brunch is the Happy Hour from 11am to 3pm. All cocktails, beer, and wine are half off. The bloody marys were delicious and only cost 5 bucks! 
For four people the meal cost a total of $100 which included 4 entrees and 10 cocktails. That's amazing! Overall I would say skip the dinner and replace with brunch and cocktails on a warm day. Looking over the reviews, it seems that most agree with my sentiments.Absolutely loved this place.  Originally heard about through Yelp while looking for organic/farm fresh/free range dinner while spending the weekend in Philly. Got a $25 gc from restaurants.com but would gladly pay full price for all food. 
My girlfriend and I knew we were dining there for dinner because of the gc I obtained.  While we were about town we happened to stroll by and decided to check out the menu to prepare ourselves for either beer or wine with dinner. After getting a view of the elixirs, we decided to stay and have a drink. To our surprise it was Sunday Brunch happy hour so our drinks were half off!
We returned for dinner, as planned, and took the best table in the house. It sat on the window ledge giving the perfect doses of a/c and warm night air. Sadly, it didn't get as busy for them as it was at Brunch. However, that only furthered their excellent service and attentiveness.
This place also houses the Metropolitan Bakery.  We sampled the cookies earlier in the day, which were full of grain and hearty.  Before dinner you are greeted with a bread basket held by a server with your choice of three or more breads.
Food: We had the Goat Cheese Gnocchi app, Tuscan salad, London Broil and Mexican Hot Pot. The Gnocchi could have been a meal for one, great portion.  We wished there was more arugula with the salad - still great though (not often to find spelt salad).  London Broil, free range, I made the mistake of ordering it Medium Well, would recommend ordering medium and do it up a little more if you need less pink.  The potato Au gratin were to die for.  My girlfriend ordered the Mexican Hot Pot, I tried it, delicious flavors.  I've never had better seasoned Tofu either.  Lots of veggies enveloped in a stew with faint hint of coconut milk, topped with pickled cactus.  Both paired with Pinot Noir.
The staff were great.  From our bartender that afternoon, to our server that evening.  We sat as they cleaned up around us, getting ready to close the restaurant down, but never pushed us out.  As a classic song came over the empty restaurant, I asked my gf to dance and to our surprise the staff turned up the volume for us.
A delightful evening.  If I lived in Philly I would probably live here.Went here bc yelp gave it decent reviews. DO NOT FALL INTO THAT TRAP. this place was awful. The crabcakes were some of the worst ever. The staff was not friendly enough. The wine was expensive. And the outside tables were on a 30Degree slant... Overall waste of money.Did not take long at all to get food for 4. Had the hummus and crab omelette. Half priced brunch drinks were a great deal! Thank you so much Enrique for being so generous and attentive. Can't wait to be back!!Had the lentil salad with chicken for
dinner. I highly recommend it--Delicious! The bartender Brandon was welcoming and inviting, the ambience was excellent, and the prices were very good. I'll definitely be back.Eh, it's okay here. We went last night for Restaurant Week. They offered a lot of varied entrees, which is nice. Just a run down:
Beet and fennel app- very good
Crispy duck entree- bland
Chocolate torte dessert- pretty tasty
Just nothing special or impressing, but I did feel like it was quality food but just needed a little more something to it. I'd come back, during happy hour because the drinks are just way overpriced.
The waitstaff were pretty friendly and attentive.We went here after visiting Camden Aquarium.  This is a very quant restaurant and bar.  The place has a nice vintage look.  We came for the food.  I was pleasantly surprised how good the crab cakes were! If in the area again, I would eat here again.I have come here a number of times for dinner and liked it, even though it is a bit pricey (you can get Restaurant.com certificates, though, which takes some of the sting out). I went for brunch today, and I was quite impressed. I had the lump crab meat salad with apples and almonds and avocado ,and it was glorious. I think I could eat it every day. I also had a cocktail, "The Farmer's Daughter" (OJ and prosecco) which was Farmicia's take on a mimosa--and delicious. Brunch seems much more reasonable than dinner, though I know I will go back for dinner anyway. I am looking forward to going back for brunch. Oh, and it's near the Arden so it's a great place for pre- or post-theater drinks and food.got the bay window seating - wonderful breakfast. Best buttermilk pancakes I've ever had. Grits were not to bad, and I'm from the South so I'm a grits connoisseur. We will be back.I got reacquainted with an old friend during my last few visits back to Philadelphia.  Farmicia has been an old city standby for many, many years now and I had the pleasure of stopping by for brunch two weekends in a row.  I love philly brunch but it can be an ordeal when you don't have an hour to wait in line.  I showed up at Farmicia twice, once with a reservation and once without, and was seated quickly.  There are tons of vegetarian options -- I went Mexican on my first visit and had a delightful tofu scramble with soy chorizo, black beans, and avocado salsa.  Yum!  Next time around I went fresh and seasonal with a fritata of corn, tomatoes, and goat cheese.  The corn was incredibly sweet -- it was like kissing summer goodbye. I love that the portions are filling but not a heart attack on a plate filling (and I'm pointing fingers at you Sabrinas).   I am going to swap Farmicia in as a brunch option more frequently -- it's pleasant, tasty, and enjoyable.  PLUS -- half off cocktails as a brunch happy hour!Great place for Sunday brunch. We had fried chicken and waffles, waffles, shrimp and grits, quesadillas. All amazing.extremely cute restaurant. the decor is on point and it's a cozy comfortable spot. they have a decent menu selection and everything was huge portions which makes me happy to take left overs home ! service was slow for the most part which was confusing because the place wasn't busy but maybe our server was having an off day which is fine. def interested in coming for brunch soon !Any place with organic eats, great A/C on a 100 degree day and a Waiter who didn't mind refilling my water glass 10 plus times gets 5 stars.  The food? oh yea...it was great!... Nice atmosphere, organic eats and a great service.  and read the other reviews, because that's another reason it led me to this spot.  Ya'll Yelper's are great!Came here with Katrina C. post run the bridge to treat ourselves to a delicious brunch.  It was about 10:30, and although we didn't have a reservation we were seated right away.  We decided to wait on the drinks until happy hour started at 11.  I ordered the cheesy grits and sausage which also came with scrambled eggs and toast.  It was awesome, and a huge portion.  Grits are really filling so I couldn't eat everything, but I came close.  When it came time to get a drink I went with the farmhouse sangria.  It was really good, a little on the strong side at first, but with each sip it tasted better.  Definitely a delicious brunch spot.My friends and I frequently dine at Farmacia, about 3 times a week because it is a block away from where we're living. We dine there so frequently because one of us is a vegan and the other(s) omnivore. To their credit, they are very accommodating to special requests, such as having a meal of sides, for example. Generally, the service is pretty good.  The last time we dined there was for a party of four. One observation that might be helpful: the quality of the food/service decreases as a function of how busy it is, meaning if you go there when they're not packed then you're likely to get a pretty good meal.  The only negative thing I could say about that meal is I ordered an extra side of broccoli rabe and it was served in some kind of butter/beef stock. If you order items and you're vegetarian/vegan, you need to be explicit about it, even if you're just ordering vegetables.  
In summary, Farmacia is A-ok with me.