Hands down the best sushi I've had in my existence. From awesome service to fresh sushi. My one girlfriend is pregnant so raw fish is a no no and she was still able to enjoy a lot of the menu besides the typical tempura! We made a reservation and was seated as soon as we came in. Our waitress was able to answer all our weird and annoying questions. And also make suggestions to our likings. I'm going back asap!Solid place, nothing wrong with it. But going here is never my idea. The food is just alright, slightly over priced, decent atmosphereIt's a nice restaurant with a nice modern decor. Sushi was fresh and the service was great. They have a lot of fancy special rolls (which we ordered their 4 new ones), and more of the traditional ones too. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a cool sushi place. If you're looking for good sushi, nice environment, and good drinks for a great value, check out Fat Salmon.I stopped in for a light lunch. I was pleasantly surprised by the amazing ambiance and fresh sushi! The service was prompt-- necessary for a workweek lunch. I ordered two rolls and a salad for $14! This is much less than what some chains charge. I will certainly mark this as a top sushi restaurant in Center City, Philadelphia!This is in my opinion the best sushi place in Center City. I do not get specialty rolls when I get sushi because they are usually expensive and not really worth it BUT here there are so good. There are so many unique sushi rolls and flavor that you can't really find anywhere else. All the sushi is fresh and the rice/fish ratio is great. Bonus: they let our party stay way past 11 PM (their closing time) while we finished our wine bottle and conversation. Also, our waitress was great: quick service, packed up all our leftovers for us, and gave us extra sauces free of charge. Overall, great food and awesome ambiance.I love fat salmon , really intimate and cute set up although a little cramped feeling. Delicious sushi and has something for everyone as I went on two occasions with two picky eaters and they both found something they enjoyed. My faves are the Dragonfly and Rolling Fire so good! The service is usually spot on but my last visit we were rushed during our meal despite coming in almost two hours before closing and ppl were sat after us and not bothered once- still comes back cause it's great that just was an weird night for me. Oh it can be packed most nights but they seat you as quickly as possible.My favorite sushi place in Philly. A bit off the path and usually not too crowded, but still at a nice restaurant standard. Service is generally attentive and my usual order of locust and blossom rolls are my favorite sushi dishes in Philly.Had an excellent dinner here...  actually impressed by the freshness of the food!  Sushi in Philadelphia has been having a tough time in the past year, but this place puts it back on the map.  Delicious, original, and I love the style. 
The presentation is clean and appealing as well, and they keep the restaurant very clean..  It's a fairly new place and still growing, but I have no doubt it will stand apart if they keep raising the bar like they are.I had good memories of coming to fat salmon a few years back so coming back had been on my radar for some time now. We got reservations for Saturday night dinner. Reservations fill fast so make sure you try atleast a day in advance. The place was full when we arrived. There were people waiting and because it's a small shoebox style place, it looked pretty cramped up. 
We started with sake samplers and ordered a few rolls. Service was average on that day. Sushi was as usual fresh and nice. Sake was refreshing. Prices are reasonable. The place is very popular for delivery too. We saw plenty of uber eats/ yelp eats delivery guys come over in the 1 hour we spent there.I went here with a group of friends just as a girl's night. We all decided we wanted sushi and heard good things about Fat Salmon. Reserved a table for 4 through Yelp's SeatMe feature...super easy! A friend and I split the "Sushi for 2" which was plenty of food for two people and included soup and salad. The Spicy Tuna roll was great! Our friends each got 2 specialty rolls, and while I can't remember which ones, they both said they were delicious. To finish, I got green tea ice cream which was very good and came in a large portion, and my friend got the tempura ice cream which was a HUGE portion! But it was so yummy so that was ok:) Overall, a great place, with good service.Go here!
Rolls are interesting and not the usual fare. The ambiece is nice for dates or small groups, though if there is an obnoxious table in the restaurant everyone is bothered. Nice fish, nice apps. BYOB policy.
Pros: Rolls, rolls, rolls
Cons: Can get loudI always stop by here when I have family in the hospital.  Yes, it's morbid, depressing sushi.
Yummy though and they do cheap and quick takeout.This is an awesome place. The sushi is fresh, service is great, and the non-sushi options are great. I ordered a pork katsu and spicy tuna crunch roll. I'm a pretty big eater, but I still ended up taking home some of the katsu. Great portions. 
I do wish they offered more non-sushi, Japanese entrees, but it's obviously a sushi restaurant.Fat Salmon is a trendy yet casual spot for sushi. 
Sake flights are great. Sushi is consistently good (although it won't blow you away).
It's open fairly late too, so great if you want to grab some sushi and drinks before going out to the bars/clubs.
If you are looking to get there at normal dinner time, definitely pick up a reservation -- the place gets packed.My husband and I come here pretty much once a month so I would considered myself a regular here. Their sushi is great and their fried ice cream is a personal favorite so we always find ourselves back here for a dinner date. Even my girlfriends and I go here whenever we get together and want sushi. Try anything on the menu, nothing will disappoint you. Service is great for the most part, except for two times with the same server. One time I was with my husband and one time I was with a friend. Mistakes were make with our orders and our promised compensated discounts were never applied. Both visits were at least 4 months apart. Can't figure out why the same sever is still there since the first visit the mistake was so bad they were silently yelling at him at the sushi bar. Sushi is a 5-star rating, service because of the two slightly less positive experiences grant a 4-star.Yum, raw fish! Seriously though, I haven't been very impressed with sushi here in Philly, but Fat Salmon changed my mind. The sushi was flavorful, the ingredients were fresh, and the ambience in the restaurant was nice. 
I just have to talk about the salmon though....it had the perfect amount of fattiness to give it good flavor. Definitely some quality Fat Salmon (har har)! I am definitely going back for more.I've been here once before. This time it was better. I went for lunch and ordered a roll and a Yakitori. A bit too many veggies that didn't mix well with the beef. The roll however, perfect.
Clean. The server was prompt. Everything else was wonderful. Too bad the weather was cold.Absolute best sushi I have ever had! Great prices and amazing flavors! Service is a little slow, but the food definitely makes up for it. Awesome atmosphere!I stopped by during the work week at 1145 for lunch and no one was there! We were quickly seated and brought menus. I opted for the two choice lunch special for $14.50. I started with miso soup and for the entree I picked the ektai roll (crab stick eel and cucumber in the roll, topped with yellow tail and some unagi sauce) and the fried shrimp tempura. The soup kinda tasted like soap water.... the roll was delicious. Fresh ingredients and well rolled. The tempura has a nice crunch, but the tempura sauce could've used a but more flavor. The wait staff were nice and friendly but the food could've come out a little faster. There was no one there when we arrived and it seemed that people who arrived after us were getting served meals fish. Overall, the food was fresh and tasty, and I recommend it if you're looking for some fresh sushi!the best AND I MEAN THE BEST sushi i have ever had in my life. went with 2 girlfriends. the 3 of us shared 5 rolls and it was perfect. 
- volcano roll
- old school roll
- blossom roll
- dancing vampire roll
- rolling fire roll
honestly EVERY ROLL was amazing... you cant beat this place. There's a reason it's rated Philly #1 sushi place. will be back soon!!!I have been to Fat Salmon many times, and I have never been disappointed. The quality of their sushi is fantastic (I am very picky when it comes to sushi) and they specialty rolls are phenomenal. They have a large selection and they can satisfy any sushi whore's taste buds (vegetarian, spicy, etc.) By far my favorite sushi joint in Philly.Whatever Fat salmon is...it is defiantly NOT Japanese! 
Take away the swanky lighting, the modern decor, and you are left with sushi that is reminiscent of any food court sushi at your local shopping mall.  
Start with the sushi bar that is so high, you can not see your chef, and he can not see you.  Any proud Japanese sushi chef will want to interact with you and see your expression when you bite into his masterpiece.   
It is so hard to find authentic sushi when traveling, and yelp is certainly no help. 
If you like a roll factory then Fat Salmon is for you.I've visited Fat Salmon a number of times and for some reason, it still flies under the radar for me.  Even when I have conversations with others about where they go for sushi in philly, I still somehow seem to forget about it.  It's time for that to stop.
I've always had very good service and really excellent food here.  The decor is kind of funky and their lighting resembles a certain, I don't know what.  To me it's quite futuristic looking but then again, picking out decorating styles is something that I have no clue about.
Food-wise, it's difficult for me not to get a sashimi platter.  I realize that this limits my exposure to other kinds of fish on the menu but it's just such a great value and the taste is pretty exquisite.  The last time I was there, I tried two rolls that I never had before.  I really enjoyed the fuka roll and even though it had a ton of stuff both in and on it, I still was able to get all of the flavor.  The crying (dancing, singing, something) vampire roll was also really good but for me the fuka stood out.
So in essence, I'm sorry Fat Salmon.  I'll do my best to sing your praises and visit more often.Eating at the Sushi bar. Turns out they recommend reservations due to the limited tables. it's You get a nice view of the gentlemen "suishing" behind the bar. And that's a good thing by the way; enjoy the show! 
Food is amazing presentation is second to none.Wait-how has bacon not been put into a sushi roll before? It's on everything else and yet Fat Salmon is the first sushi place I've ever been to that has it as a roll.  Honestly, it gets 4 stars for this reason alone.
This is a cute little sushi bar.  It reminds me of a Japanese fast food restaurant with the cutesy character on the menu.  It is small though, so even at 8 on a Tues we had to wait 20 minutes for a table.  
I liked the variety of special rolls they had. Besides the BCT which had the bacon, I tried several others that were all reasonably priced and fairly unique.  It is easy to see why this is considered one of the best in Philly.I'm not quiet sure what to make of the negative reviews...but hey everyone has a bad day once in a while. However, we surely did not! We found this wonderful place while heading back to our hotel from the Liberty Bell site. We did not have a reservation but the hostess was wonderful to seat us and make us feel welcomed. Our waitress was just as wonderful! The sushi and sashimi was fresh and delicious! Sure beat our LA standards! Sooooo we came back a second time before heading home! Everything was perfect and food amazing! Thank you for your hospitality!!I think this is the best sushi spot in the city.  After having to write a scathing review about another place in Philly, I felt it only just I write a nice review about a place I love going to.  There's always something new to try, the atmosphere is great, the service is wonderful. The food is just excellent all around. Never had a bad meal here.  I wish I could try everything but it will take me many moons and many stomachs.  Go here if you love sushi.  This is the place.While reading the other stellar reviews I surmise that staff write them. had a Sunday night dinner someplace new - the food was OK had much better at different restaurants. Overall not terrible, but not great.Pretty good sushi and decently priced...but the kitchen side would not be recommended.  Service is okay, could be a little more attentive, especially if you're one of the last tables. It'd be easier to kick me out if you come to the table...Truly a delightful experience. I really loved both the sashimi and the cooked fish rolls.  I just discovered my new favorite Japanese sushi restaurant. It's the best I've ever had.  :)  A treat, for sure.Great service, Great atmosphere & great food. We had a reservation & we were seated right away which doesn't happen at many restaurants. Our server, Lisa, really knew the menu & helped us make great selections. She definitely made the whole experience! The food was delicious too.  
I had the Tempura Shrimp & Vegetables and loved it.  We will go back!When it comes to raw fish, I'd rather pay more and have top notch quality. Fat salmon is one of the few places in the city that has truly great quality sushi at fair prices. It get's busy every day, so make reservations. The decor is very modern/funky, but it's not very friendly for solo-eaters, since the sushi bar is designed in a way where you can't really talk to the chef or watch them work.This is a good sushi spot in Center City. Not the best one in Philly. I would recommend Bleu Sushi for its price and selection. If you do come here try spicy tuna cakes. Who wouldn't love sushi triangles?One of the best Sushi place in the city of Philadelphia. I recommend the Sashimi for two, and the Mochi dessert. Have good time.The first time I came here I really disliked the food. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and assumed that it was just because I ordered the wrong things on the menu. I came back again and only ordered recommended specials. Either my luck is just horrible or the food here is actually bad.I'm giving 4 stars because the service was awful. First, I don't eat sushi, I solely went for my BF who loves it! We both enjoyed our meals but I sat for a good 15 minutes with my salad in front of me with no utensils.The sushi was absolutely delicious! Our service was great from beginning to end and our waitress was easily able to answer all questions. The wine was amazing, the ambiance was on point, and it was more than reasonably priced. We have definitely found our sushi spot in the city.I'm glad we picked this place! The service was great, they were so friendly there! The sushi tasted amazing and fresh! I had the rainbow roll and my friend had spicy tuna. Best we ever had! Drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was great, too! It was even full and we got seated right away!Had an awesome time here with my fiance as we came up to visit Philly for the weekend. Good variety, friendly staff, and a nice space to hang out. Would totally go again!We had an excellent dinner here and parking was easy to find in the surrounding vicinity! My boyfriend told them it was our anniversary and they wrote in chocolate syrup "Happy Anniversary" on our dessert plate. The atmosphere is amazing and the restaurant is beautiful inside. We've already planned on coming back!Fat Salmon was incredible!
I went for lunch with my friend. We both did the $14.50 lunch combination special. Usually with the lunch special the roll selection is not great, but here it was awesome. The sushi was so delicious (better than Zama in my opinion) and for $14.50 for two great rolls and a salad, you can't beat that. The service was excellent as well! I will def be back.The food was ok. I got the the Philly role and spicy hand roll. both were just ok-nothing special. I went on a Sunday and service was still slow when no one was in there! The place is alright regarding decor. Small and nothing special. I heard so many great things about this place and was soooo disappointed :(Awesome atmosphere and service, though a little obscure from the street.  I passed right by it the first time.   I had one of the light sushi specials  (the blossom).  Loved it!!!  Everything else seemed to be just too much for me.  In my opinion, if there are 50+ ingredients and/or smothered in sauces, it ceases to be sushi-eligible.  I digress.  
I ate solo and could have eaten more so I ordered the tempura appetizer suggested by the waiter.  He said it wasnt too much, but clearly he just wanted a bigger tip.  It was definitely enough for 3 people to munch off of.  I am not a tempura fan necessarily, but I would partake again with friends.  
Giving it a 5 for my experience.  They didn't rush me out,  was attentive, and the food was good and relatively inexpensive .  What more can you want?Fat Salmon is such a fun and trendy place for high-quality sushi that won't break the bank. With pretty average prices for their sushi, I think that their quality definitely shines through. 6 pieces/roll, but each piece of the sushi is huge! Brought my friend for his first sushi experience ever, and Fat Salmon did not disappoint! 
Made a reservation for Friday night, and definitely glad we did. Got the Dancing Vampire roll ($10.50) and was definitely a little out there for sushi; pretty standard for the specialty roll stuff. Spicy salmon roll (replaced salmon for tuna with no problem) and Yellowtail roll were delicious and clean-tasting. Server was very accommodating for my friend who has never tried sushi before. Will return!I don't usually write many reviews, but I felt compelled to write a yelp review for this restaurant and my experience there. I've heard great things about this restaurant so I was excited to try it out. The ambiance is really cool- they have blue lights surrounding the inside and cute decor of fish on the wall so you kind of feel like you're in an aquarium. Despite this, the service was absolutely terrible. And I just want to say I'm a REALLY easy customer to please.
First off... the server looked as if he rolled out of bed and was high as a kite. He honestly just looked all over the place. I feel like he had no idea what he was doing. There were 6 of us out to dinner for my birthday and another friend's birthday. When bringing out our drinks, the server spilled a beer down my back and in my hair.
We had to wait forever for our food (which isn't exactly our server's fault, but it took long) and the server left our empty drinks from the first round we ordered on our table the entire time so it was over flowing with cups/bottles. The server never came over to ask us how the food was. When the server asked if we wanted to split our bill we said yes. He then came back and had to go through everything each person ordered. Then when he turned the corner I heard him say, "OMG! This is crazy!" Like... I'm sorry. If you're serving on 8th and walnut at a "well known" sushi place, you should easily be able to split a bill AND not pour a beer down someone's back. He didn't even drop off our split bills... someone else did it. Nothing was taken off our bill (I thought it was the least he could do after spilling a beer on me). 
he service was awful and I was really disappointed. I wanted to like this place. I really did. And finally to comment on the sushi... it was OK. I've had better. This place is overpriced and overrated. You can definitely find better tasting and cheaper sushi in the city. I will not be going  back.Looking for a place near Broad St for sushi, Shinju came up.  I'm usually a patron of Vic, but this place offers similar value with more inventiveness.  The "Lost Rainbow" offers a really wonderful mix of textures and flavors, combining thinly sliced crunchy cucumber with tender salmon.
The only knock on them was the Agedashi tofu, which is one of my favorite dishes.  This deep fried tofu is supposed to be crisp on the outside, warm and creamy on the inside, and dipped in a bit of broth. Shinju's was drowning in sauce, leaving the breading on the tofu gelatinous and impossible to eat with the rest of the dish. But affordable sushi places always leave something to be desired in their appetizers.
Brad's rating scale (out of 5):
Food: 4
Price: 5
Decor: 3
Service: 4
Wild card: Byob!Without a doubt, sushi has become a very popular dinner choice among Americans. There are dozens of sushi restaurants in Philadelphia. Some are good, but most are just okay. Some try to reel in diners with gimmicky rolls or fusion flavors from other cultures. Fat Salmon does a lot of things right and wrong. My friend Chris W and I liked the cool vibe of the restaurant. It looks like a lot of thought went into the decor. The special maki rolls are very unique and artistic. There's a lot to be said about chefs keeping with the Edo-style sushi traditions, but fushion sushi can be good, too. My Naked Gyoza, for example, was delicious. Who would've thought to combine Mexican pico de gallo salsa with spicy salmon on a fried crisp? Chris liked his Grilled Baby Octopus. I thought it needed a lot more octopus. Everything was just drowned in too much pungent sauce. The Fancy Sushi was good. I don't know why they mixed the panko crumbs with slivers of radish. The panko would've been better inside the roll. The Lipstick Trace was okay. Chris doesn't like cucumber and, unfortunately, the crunch of the cucumber was probably the one thing missing from this vegetarian roll. The Lobster Roll was a complete miss. The lobster was dry and had no flavor. Chris joked that it should've been cooked in butter. I was very disappointed with it. The Sea Urchin nigiri was very good. It tasted delicate and fresh, like "flowers from the ocean," as an old friend used to say. Perhaps the saving grace of all of the rolls was the Hako Roll, a square sushi made with eel and spicy tuna. It was tasty, well-balanced in all of its flavors - sweet and spicy, soft and crunchy - that I feel compelled to give it its own rating apart from my overall rating. Yes, my friends, the Naked Gyoza and the Hako Roll deserve five stars. If you go to Fat Salmon, these are my two yummy recommendations. Unfortunately, everything else ranged from bad to just okay.I was underwhelmed here... my rolls had a fair amount of rice to them, which is disappointing. I came during a pretty slow time for them (5pm) and the service was great.
I tried their lobster tempura roll (very good) and their spicy crunchy tuna and their Alaskan roll. Maybe I should have tried a special roll? Not sure. Either way, the restaurant is pretty small, so I can see how it gets incredibly crowded.This place is amazing! I've been here 4 or 5 times, had different special rolls, it's always been wonderful. Cool blue atmosphere and excellent service make this restaurant great! In addition, ladies room is clean and cute.Great atmosphere and amazing food.
The staff is always professional and well groomed. This is my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia.Atmosphere is really cool but they have some interesting things on the menu that you should definitely ask about before ordering them.This place has THE BEST SUSHI in town...no wonder it's always crowded!
TRY:
Deep fried tofu with broiled spicy scallop sauce - great appetizer for sharing
Pork katsu
ANY sushi or rolls - ALL of their ingredients are FRESH 
*Lunch specials 
SERVICE:
Good. 
AMBIANCE:
Date night. Girls night out.Stopped in solo for a quick snack. Had a pickled plum roll. It was good, but there could have been more pickled plum in it and less cucumber. I asked for spicy sauce on the side and was given a generous amount with no extra charge which I appreciate greatly.
The restaurant is small, intimate, quiet, clean and cozy-feeling, although I was privy to my neighbors' conversation a bit too much due to the close proximity, I think it was because it was midday and there were only the two of us in there. The service was fast, attentive and polite. I would come back again from the look of all the yummy maki, if I knew they did veggie-substitutions, since there were only a handful of veggie rolls on the menu, but I was too daydreamy to ask that day. 
Overall, a positive experience! I give kudos. :)Fun, hip sushi restaurant.  Great sushi and service.  This place had quite a line by the time we left.  I would recommend going as early as possible to get a seat because it's not a big place.Delicious delicious delicious!!!! My whole office is obsessed with this place. The lunch menu is a great deal and always fills me up. I salivate when I walk past this place even when I am full. The staff is always great, and timely with food. The lunches are packed neatly and they give you a dipping dish for soy sauce. Everything is so thoughtful but not overbearing. 
For dinner, try the sake sampler. It's reasonably priced and adds a nice kick to dinner time.Best sushi in Philly. I could eat 1000 spicy tuna rolls and be happy. The fish is always fresh and served perfectly. GO!!Fat Salmon is consistently one of the best sushi places in Philly (If not the best). If I want good sushi I go here. I've been to Japan and this is quite comparable, and the quality of the rolls is evident. I find their prices reasonable and I love the atmosphere of the place!Good taste, for both food and atmosphere. Foods here have good looking, as well as fancy names.One of the best sushi restaurants in Center City! The food was fresh and there was a variety of sushi dishes to choose from ; both traditional and original. Nice atmosphere; casual. Great place to bring a date!This is probably our favorite sushi in Philly (Vic Sushi is probably tied, but totally different ambience).  Everything is creative, fresh, and delicious. We've ordered for take-out and dined in - the real test of sushi is how it travels and this is great.Honestly, I was really disappointed in this restaurant. Considering the really high ratings, I expected some kickass sushi. Instead, the salmon avocado roll and sashimi I ordered tasted sub-par. Compared to Vic Sushi, which is my go-to for sushi in Philly, the fish didn't taste anywhere as fresh. Plus, I felt that I was cheated, because the menu didn't accurately state how many pieces of sashimi came with an order. As a result, I ended up ordering way more than I could finish, and I was basically upset that the waitress hadn't clarified that the menu wasn't accurate, even after I had asked her about how many pieces of sashimi each order came with. (Basically had to throw away $15 worth of sashimi I couldn't finish that night.) As much as I wanted to like this place, I unfortunately wouldn't consider coming here again.Our go to sushi place in the city - have tried other sushi restaurants but always end up coming back to fat salmon.  The highlights are their rolls, and, while their fish is excellent, they also have many veggie friendly options - in fact, my favorite roll is the old school (spicy mayo sauce is amazing!).  Overall, awesome place with friendly & efficient service.Ok so I'm hold right now for like 10 minutes it's 7:27 so the manager knows who was a hostess at that time. I can hear what's happening on the other line and the girls is not really busy. She's laughing etc... Why am I on hold I don't know. Food is great though. Get more professional people to work for youMy favorite since it was tiny Shinju.  Creative rolls, always fantastic.  Miss that it's not byob anymore, but I'll deal.I love the name. Only thing I dislike is that the service is sometimes a little pretentious, as is the decor (but at least that is nice to look at)..
The dessert, mango mochi icecream, was so good.. and the red bean tempura ice cream.. I loved it. I think next time, I'd probably ask them to lay off the chocolate drizzle though.
The M&M roll (marinated meat with oshinko, spicy crab stick) was good, but I felt that the meat was a little too rubbery/tough and that the fat could have been rendered more. Other than that, everything was delicious. Rock & Roll roll was really good. Definitely coming back to try the other unique special rolls (I'm really interested in the Miss Sake Bomb, Lost Rainbow, and Lava)My fiance and I came here for a late Valentine's Day celebration. We ordered the sushi and sashimi for one as well as a couple rolls. Everything was really delicious and at a really reasonable price point. The atmosphere was relaxed and really enjoyable. I look forward to coming back again!
We had Stuart as a waiter and even though it was really busy, he still gave us really awesome service.I loved this place! Great rolls that incorporate a lot of ingredients you don't typically find in sushi! Unique and delicious. Setting was a little loud for a date, but fun atmosphere for sure.If you can find a spot in this place of the size of a shoe box, consider yourself lucky. I had not been here for over a year an now that I went back I found some of the freshest sushi I have had in town (including S in Collingswood) for a very reasonable price. Excellent miso soup, not overly salted like in so many other places, super fresh salad with delicious ginger dressing, both complimentary. I had chirashi, including the shrimp, which is usually not my favorite in it, every bite of fish was really good. Same for my friends maki sampler. Only downside, there was no tamago in the bowl, which I think goes really well with chirashi, but hey.. It's byob and there is a great beer place right around the corner a 10th and Pine.
Now that I wrote the review, I am actually pretty regretful to tell everyone about it ... ;-)
Warning! Too small for big groups!Great place or fresh sushi. There was only one time the sashimi was stale, but it was towards closing time and figured it's only natural. Friendly service and cool atmosphere. It brings walnut street, this side of town, more interesting. Only wish they delivered!This was a fun place to go with a group of friends.  Had good rolls and good service!  Lots of variety in the rolls!  Some of the rolls were a little "interesting" which I stay away from.  Like things with fruit in them and such.  I expected it to be a little more "trendy" inside considering the name.  It wasn't super amazing, just regular average sushi.  Also had edemame for our group, which needed some salt.  I'll go back to try it again!  BYO!Fat Salmon is excellent! With lots of options for sushi while visiting Philly it's easy to get pointed to Marimoto or any of a number of other choices. I'm sure many of them are excellent but you will not be disappointed with Fat Salmon.
My coworker and I decided to go to Fat Salmon because they seemed to have a good number of special maki roll options. So, bear in mind that I was looking for a large number of interesting and flavorful maki rolls to try, as opposed to standard sushi or boutique, TV-hyped quality. When it comes to variety, Fat Salmon absolutely crushed the mark. I tried the rolling fire and super dragon rolls. There may be higher-grade sushi/maki out there, but Fat Salmon's rolls were delicious and good quality. 
Food was made quickly despite their being fairly busy during the dinner our. Staff were kind and courteous. Cool atmosphere to the place, great spot for a quick and casual dinner or date.  If I lived in Philly I would be in here all the time!LOVE this place. Probably best sushi place in philly! I always sit at the sushi bar, but if you want a table is definitely recommend a reservation since this place is always packed. Also, the rolls are affordable especially if you come in for lunch and get one of their specials. I WILL be coming back here.Just came back from dinner at Fat Salmon.  Ill start off by saying a really good place and I very much enjoyed it, and most importantly the food.
The decor is really cool.  I found it comforting.  The place is pretty small, consisting of all two person tables and a large bar seating area.  The tables are really close to eachother which I cant blame them on since it is small, and once you get over the initial awkwardness with being close to people you dont know it doesnt matter anymore.  Just google image "fat salmon philadelphia" if you wanna see the inside.
***definantly make a reservation*** ~~i went there today which is monday night and it was still completely full.  i didnt see anyone ever waiting but it was constantly full so i can only imagine what it would be like on a friday or saturday.  With my reservation we got seated immediately.
The service was kind of slow but not unbearable.  They filled the waters pretty quick but after that it took about 10 minutes for our waitress to come.  Then another 10 again after our drink order.  But it was ok because we spent most of the time looking at the menu.  The waitress was really nice, personable, and knowledgeable.  We had a few conversations with her and everyone just seemed overall pleasant.
Now to the food.  For starters we had the edamame.  I had no idea what it was, all i knew was that a lot of people like it.  When i came i was really disappointed to find out it was just soy beans with the pod covered in salt.  Nonetheless they were still fun to pick at.  It was 4.50 which wasnt bad.  I wouldnt recommend getting it at all though, I just find it a little pointless.
Between the both of us we got 5 rolls.  Ill put them in decending order of which i liked best:
~Rolling Fire: INCREDIBLE.  not only the best sushi i ever had, but also one of the best things ive ever put in my mouth.  A lot of people are concerned about its spice factor, but to me it wasnt that spicy.  Even if you dont like spice you NEED to get this.  it was incrediblleeeee.
~White Forest: Second favorite.  It was salmon tempura.  What made this so unique and great was the salsa-like-thing and sour cream on top.  The mixture of that with the tempura made your mouth go nuts.  definitely absolutely recommend.
~Hako: Third favorite.  The only reason i got this one was because all the reviews said it was incredible.  didnt live up to my expectations but was still good sushi.  dont let this deter you from getting it, just not as good as i expected.  gives you 8 pieces though which is nice.
~Dancing Vampire: Fourth.  Didnt really stand out to me but of course tasty.  It would have been great alone but compared to all these other incredible sushi on my plate it just didnt match up.  again, i dont recommend this one not because it was bad but there are other better things.
~Fancy Sushi: Eh, it was alright.  Expected it to be better.  The biggest downfall for me on this one was that it only came in 4 pieces.  Taste was good but out of the 5 we got to me it was the least impressive.
Dessert we got vanilla tempura ice cream.  ABSOLUTELY get this if you are getting dessert.  Actually even if you arent getting dessert.............get dessert....just so you can try this.
Overall it was a great experience and would go back any day.  Recommend completely.
-----------------------------FOUR MONTHS LATER------------------------------------------
So just went back tonight and loved it again and just had to write about it.   Originally I gave it 4 stars but after tonight it jumped to 5.  Ill just talk about the rolls.
This time we got rolling fire (had to get it again), white forest (she had to get that again), sepia pleasure, mr shiro, and lost rainbow.  Lost rainbow was GREAT.  to me better than white forest, everything worked so well.  Mr Shiro i was not that impressed.  The whole thing in your mouth tastes a scale of 6 on a 10 but you can taste something is off.  I tried the topping seperately....and thats what it was.  It was so fishy and dry I didnt like the top at all.  Yet the actual roll made it ok.  But atleast the roll was 8 pieces so that was ok.  Wouldn't recommend this one though.  Then lastly the surprise of the night was sepia pleasure.  Was not expecting this to be as good as it was.  It was surprisingly great.  Actually really great.  Third next to lost rainbow.  First is still rolling fire of course.
Then once again we got ice cream which was just as good this time.  GET IT.
also went to doma which i heard was another popular sushi rest in the city, personally thought this was better than domaAt fat salmon, my friend and I tried the combination handrolls, and several of their specialty rolls. The sushi would been otherwise delicious if it weren't for the very soggy rice they used.  They either added too much vinegar or used too much water when making the rice. I would try this place again to see if this is just a one time blooper.  Service was excellent, however.This place lives up to the hype. Cool, modern setup. Spicy mayo was spicier than I was used to, and that definitely amped up the fried tofu appetizer we ordered. Very impressed as a NYC native by the diverse and creative selection of special rolls. Visitor or not, definitely worth a shot if you're already around the area.I've been to Morimoto, Haru, Vics...all of which were very different and wonderful, but Fat Salmon, yes formerly known as Shinju is CHEAP and ranks up there with the top guns of Sushi in Philadelphia. 
I have been there 3 times since it has opened (BYOB until April I was told) and have tried about 16 of the rolls...(I realize I sound like a fatty) but my favorites were:
1. Fancy Sushi - really awesome roll, haven't had anything like it anywhere else. Basically a piece of salmon sashimi wrapped around sushi rice with spicy salmon on top laying on a bed of crunchies.
2. Salmon Yaki - I don't usually go for any cooked fish in my rolls, but this really was awesome with the eel sauce.
3. Spicy Scallop - always order it when I see it, definitely up to par here.
Rolls that looked awesome but really were not:
1. BCT - bacon and cream cheese, hard to go wrong here but not really what I hoping it would be....not enough BACON!
2. Rolling Fire - I was told this was too hot to handle for most people. They really got me excited. It was not hot. 
It's fresh and also does take out. I would make a reservation if I could. Every time I am there they are holding 4 or 5 tables in a 15 table place for people who eventually are suppose to come in. It's silly.Fat salmon is delish! Great sushi and you can order take out. Very bold and hip inside. I think it is an ocean themed wall?? I mostly do takeout since it is close to my work but we have done business lunches there. Vic is still the best in the city in my opinion but this is a close 2ndA super solid 4 start. Good quality food for a reasonable price. I love the ambiance inside. We had several different sushi tools and one was better then the other. I am definitely going back. The reason I gave 4 starts is there a lot of competition inPhiladelphia and I feel that you need to do something a bit more then expected to get a 5 start.This is a go to for sushi in the city.  Their lunch specials are superb and I love dinner as well. We have our usual orders for rolls but will switch up the special rolls because they all are great!
They don't use rice as fillers so the rolls are actually great quality.I just moved down to Philly not that long ago from NYC and I know good sushi when I eat it.
This was by far not the best but it was pretty damn good. 
Cool ambiance in the place with a large menu. I was pretty impressed by the sushi and the freshness.
Tuna sandwich rolls were great.
Frequented this place a few times and dont plan on stopping anytime soonThe waiter forgot to put in our order and forget we were sitting there. This place sucks. Then he pretended it was coming. The hostess gave us a coupon and said, "Not sure if youd want to come back but here is a coupon." Um, no. I have eaten here, though, for work, and its not bad. Its close to work, so there isnt much else. Umai Royal next door is cheaper and just as good, just not as crazy combinations.I finally went to Fat Salmon after walking by it daily for 2 months straight on the way to work. I met a friend for lunch, I was early but they still seated me which was great. We both ordered the lunch specials which are $14.50 and include soup or salad, not a bad deal. I got the crunchy spicy tuna and the shrimp tempura rolls, both of which are my go to when I am trying a new sushi place. The sushi was awesome and my friend loved his as well (don't remember what he got). We both were slow in ordering and the server didn't seem to mind which was great, we didn't feel rushed which I always appreciate. The sushi was fresh and the fish was all great quality. What more can you ask for? The only downside was that our food took exceptionally long to arrive considering it was lunch time, I know sometimes places do get busy and are backed up but this was longer than it should have been regardless. Not the end of the world but just annoying. The decor was trendy and the restaurant was very clean. I can't wait to go back!Birthday dinner!  Boyfriend treated me to a very nice sashimi platter dinner here.  Right off the bat I love the name of the place, and the atmosphere is very sleek and dark with blue neon lighting.
We got a sashimi platter for two that came with miso soup and small salad.  The side salad they served here was bigger than the those at most places and had more of the sauce on it - I was pleased.  And the sashimi platter was excellent - the fish was very fresh and decently sized and, well, delicious.  It is hard to describe sashimi really because it is so simple.
I did not like the appetizer we got, which was fried tofu in spicy scallop sauce.  The sauce was ick and the dish was generally really hard to eat.  The tofu became gooey and stretchy in my chopsticks and I kept dropping it, splashing it in the sauce after I had just made an effort to wipe the sauce off.
Besides the appetizer, the main meal and the ambiance were excellent.  Service was prompt and friendly and the prices weren't outrageous.  One BIG note though, others are reporting on here it is BYOB.  It is NOT BYOB, I repeat, NOT.  The waiter told us that they changed that policy so if you are planning on drinking your own drinks, skip it.  Luckily, we had forgotten to stop at the liquor store while running late for our reservations and ended up just drinking some Kirins.
I had a great time here and would definitely go back!A little pricey but best vegetarian sushi I've ever had! Definitely get the old school roll and the veggie tempura rollDelicious!  Service was great.  Very helpful.  Didn't rush us.  Can't beat cost for quality.  I'll be back.very good food - fresh and plates were gorgeous. Servers need to know where the fish comes from - I like to know the origin of what I am eating especially raw.Fresh, quality sashimi with an eclectic selection of rolls that are very reasonably priced in a super sleek and modern atmosphere.  Service was great!  Could have had a more extensive drink menu for us lushes but if you love sake, you're in the right spot!Not sure why this place is rated so highly. Terrible sushi where the raw fish tastes spoiled. The salmon was nauseating. As a Japanese who has been eating sushi for all my life, this was one of the worst experiences I've had especially for the price. Service was good tho but does not compensate for terrible sushi that is way too expensive.great service, great FRESH sushi, great variety on the menu, plus they just got a liquor license. who could ask for more??After coming for another four years, I thought I would do an update.  Yes, it is still AMAZING.  The restaurant is clean, bright, cozy, and perfect for any occasion even a special one.  What can I say, the sushi here is heavenly.  We have brought family and friends here over the years and they have all become faithful fans that can't get enough as well.  Every roll is delicious, and I have yet to try such creations elsewhere.  Every time I consider going to eat at another sushi place, no matter how good the reviews, I always come back here.  The sweet taste of Fat Salmon sushi just keep calling my name until I give in.  Every time I come here its a celebration of the palate.  The sushi is large, flavorful, and a sauce filled extravaganza that explodes with flavor.  Now, I must say the service is slow because it takes them a while to prepare their creations and the place is usually pretty full.  However, if you aren't starving and can have an appetizer, it is worth the wait. One more thing: Sometimes they are a bit inconsistent and will put an ingredient into their sushi that I did not see 5/6 months ago (like scallions) but if you ask them they can leave it out.  Depending on the night/day you go and on the sushi chef that prepares your rolls you will be able to taste a difference.  However, the place is still absolutely delicious and it makes my heart sing with joy every time I pop a sushi roll into my mouth.  I hope they continue to keep up the excellent work and fulfilling my ultimate sushi dreams.The food here is fantastic! The only thing I am not too comfortable with would be the atmosphere, it's a little too dark and the tables up front are placed too close to each other.Once again the #8 Lunch Special hits the spot!
Their ginger dressing with the salad is really good too!
The steamed gyoza is one of the best around.Good sushi and good prices!  I had the dancing vampire. It was good, a little spicy and a little crunchy but not too much of anything. Accommodating - they squeezed our large group in before the next one came and also made no fuss about splitting our checks which is just so appreciated.I love sushi, and presumably so do you. And if you love sushi, you'll love Fat Salmon. 
I finally made it out here with my boyfriend after hearing many good reviews from friends. We were looking for quick, good sushi with a casual vibe. Fat Salmon was exactly what we wanted. The restaurant itself is gorgeous! It has a dimly lit, ultra modern date night atmosphere. Whether you're taking out your honey or your bff, this is an ideal spot to grab dinner. 
Style's important but we came for one reason: the food. Their menu is extensive, and it was a nice touch that their signature roll menu features pictures of the rolls. Normally, I go straight for signature rolls but none sounded that interesting so I kept it simple with a tuna roll, a Kai roll (an oversized roll with eel, tuna, shrimp tempura and avocado, and an order of salmon sashimi. Nothing too fancy but man, was it good! Their rice is a little firm and has good flavor. The fish was very fresh, even late on a Sunday night. My boyfriend kept it simple and got a yellow tail roll, a spicy tuna roll, and a shrimp tempura roll, all of which he loved. 
We also started with grilled baby octopus as an appetizer, which was great in a ponzu sauce over a bed of veggies. Complete with two glasses of wine, and a MASSIVE ball of tempura red bean ice cream (that tasted like it was coated in a light fried sugar cookie!!!! yummmm), the bill only came to $80, which is a steal in my book for that much sushi! 
I would give it 5 stars if the signature rolls were more creative but for freshness and flavor, I'll definitely be back soon!!!This was a lunch for two experience. Service was courteous but slow conisdering there were only a few diners. All the fish was well prepared and very fresh. Odd that the uni here costs more that at Mori Moto.The atmosphere is just ok, kind of industrial and I'm not a big fan of exposed electrical connections in the ceiling. It's not cool, it's just lazy/cheap. Yeah, I know it's about the food but it's not really is it?
All in all, ok vaue for money but no real reason to go out of my way for a return dinner.a solid 4 star experience.
Shrimp shumai, gyoza, Alaskan roll, Dancing Vampire, Rolling Fire - all perfection. I could have done without the M&M roll. Something about marinated beef with all that raw fish just does not make sense.
Service was good. Went on a Monday around 6:30 and didn't seem to need our reservations, but an hour later the place was packed.Sushi is decent. Atmosphere is nice (it's really trendy and dark). They have really interesting rolls but the sauces seem to be the main components which I'm personally not a fan of. I had the rolling fire (spicy and drowning in toppings) and the katsu maki (savory with a small amount of sauce). My partner had the M&M (marinated beef with a sweet crunch I couldn't identify-- maybe ginger?) and the Flamenco (all I can remember is that it had crunchy stuff on top). The katsu maki was the unanimous favorite of the night while the M&M was the least favorite. The rolls are huge so they're filling but a bit difficult to eat. Prices were reasonable. We went on a Friday night and the kitchen closed between 10:30-11pm; after that they just serve drinks.Fantastic- rivals anything in LA or OC - very creative rolls and people are super nice!YUM. just super good sushi- definitely my favorite place. Cool ambiance too.I am quite a fan of this place!  The atmosphere is a bit dark for my liking, especially at the bar, but the food is on par!  
My go to at every sushi place, which is a pretty good tell if their sushi is good: Chirashi bowl.  For $21, you get soup and salad with it, so it's a pretty good deal.  Large cuts of fresh sushi.  You can add ikura for $1 - again, not bad.
Reservations are recommended on the weekend, or it's dark bar seating only.   You can't see the Chef's make sushi, which is usually the plus at sitting at the bar.  They placed a white wall in front for privacy I guess.  Seats aren't that comfortable either.  Still, would love to go back because the sushi is fresh!You step inside and the place looks like a Japanese restaurant with a bit of a swanky lounge feel. And there's a blue glow going everywhere.
For our meal we split a sushi combo and two premium rolls. The miso soup that came with it was lighter on the salt and heavier on the seafood flavor, which made the soup stand out in a good way. Both premium rolls (Sea Breeze and Super Dragon) were tasty, but not standouts. But what was the standout and what I fondly remember days later was the Chirashi (raw fish over sushi rice). The fish was incredibly fresh to the point where I was skeptically wondering if they added anything extra to some of it. The salmon was elevated, and there were a couple of types of fish like tuna and yellowfish that I enjoyed even though I usually pass on them. And the sushi rice was nice and warm and complemented the fish well. Overall the Chirashi was incredibly tasty and I would highly recommend it to anyone going!The interior here is beautiful and the food is great. Also hanging out with my girl Gina ;)BIG SUSHI
So l didn't really know what to expect but heard of this place being a secret hot spot. My girlfriend's friend suggested it and we came here on a double date. So the prices are fair and l was thinking of eating a little incase I'd empty my wallet and still be hungry like many other sushi places. 
After our order came, l realized why the place is named Fat Salmon. The rolls are noticeably bigger. Probably around 50% bigger in mass overall. With this knowledge, the prices become very fair lol. So me and my girlfriend split 5 rolls and realized we wouldn't finish it. The sushi in general was great and l always had to bite half of it each time. 
Environment wise, it was great for a date. A bit corky and trendy. I'm not dating master but l think this place would impress your date if they've never been here before. Service was friendly and I plan to come back here again sometime very soon. 
https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/522117_10100326471226107_1935461251_n.jpg
https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/525459_10100326471216127_1559074532_n.jpgThis place is a solid sushi place, a little pricier than most sushi places but if you are going to the walnut street theater you can get a discount, that is actually how we decided to stop in here. Everything was very fresh and tasty but I did think it was a little too expensive.Went for lunch. Great lunch specials and prices. Volcano roll is fantastic. Attentive service. Nice decor. One of the best sushi places in the city.This was my third time going to fat salmon and it's outstanding every time. It's a little pricey, but you do pay for good quality food. The first time I had the chicken teriyaki Bento box, and it was delicious. My recent visit I went with the Japanese beef teriyaki Bento box. Another great Choice. The Bento box comes with spicy tuna rolls and two dumplings. I highly recommend this place for lunch.Went here for dinner during restaurant week and had a good meal for the value. I got the french lotus roll, edamame, and had the sashimi platter. the platter had a lot of fresh fish to enjoy but the roll was just a little lacking. Overall the sushi was well priced for the quality and ambiance. I would recommend for a date or casual dinner. I did not dine on a weekend so I do not know how busy it would be on one of those days.My second time here and food was just as good as I remembered. Made a reservation even though it was 6pm on a Wed night. They sat us immediately but within an hour the place was packed (it's a pretty small place!) so reservations are definitely recommended. Sushi menu is extensive and portions are gigantic. My friend and I don't love spicy food and our waiter informed us that any roll can be modified to our preferences. Service was very prompt and extremely friendly. It's a little pricy but nothing I wouldn't expect for a nice sushi restaurant in Philly. Will definitely be coming back!Very cool vibe, nice restaurant, and very accommodating. The sushi was delicious and fresh. Also, you can park after 6:30 PM pretty much directly in front of the restaurant on Walnut Street.I was not impressed with the place. The ambiance is not for me. It is very trendy and a tad too dark for me. (But the blue lighting does look great). The prices were a bit high for my taste, that the quality of food did not make up for.  This is a place to try but is not for me.Moved away from philadelphia 4 years ago, but recently on an east coast tour came back to fat salmon (previously known as Shinju) because this is hands-down our favorite sushi place ever.
This is coming from someone who lives in LA two miles away from Little Tokyo. 
This place is a cannot-miss for anyone living in Philly. It's BYOB. Very reasonably priced. And their spicy tuna with crunch and fancy salmon roll.. there is nothing to compare to that. 
The old shinju was really romantic for a date-night. The new fat salmon is a little bit more modern appearing, but also seems well-lit.This place was really good! I made a reservation through yelp the day before and was surprised there was an opening--especially for 7pm on a Friday night. My friend and I were immediately seated and brought water and menus. Our waitress was very attentive and the food came out fairly quickly, as well. 
The sushi was really good and not expensive at all! Because of the location, I was expecting to pay a lot for the rolls, especially special rolls, but everything was fairly priced. A majority of the special rolls were around $11 where some places charge $15+! 
The only thing is the tables are just a little bit too close together. I tried not to, but I kept listening to the conversation of the people next to me!Loved it!!  I love sushi but have to admit that I mostly limit myself to California Rolls (I am a Sushi Chicken).  This place is great for Sushi Chickens!!  I got a roll called the BCT which had bacon, tomato, and the roll was topped with avocado.  I think the C was for cheese but whatever it was, it was delicious!  The roll portions are large and the prices very reasonable.  The menu had a lot of other fun looking rolls so I will definitely be back to try them out...maybe even some with actual fish in them depending on how brave I am feeling or the size of the wine bottle I bring :)  
As others said, this place is small so I would definitely call ahead for a reservation...even during the week!We really loved this place! Hands down the best fish in the area and a nice ambiance as well. We ordered the sushi and sashimi for 2 (photo attached), and everything was excellent! We will definitely be back.the food was very good but I just want to point out that I walked into the establishment at approximately 4:59 PM and was told to wait at the hostess stand (with the hostess behind the counter) until the clock struck approximately 5:00 PM because that is when the restaurant technically opened... not that its a big deal but it ended up being the longest minute of my life so I actually started to have a countdown in the restaurant until the clock struck 5 because the anticipation was just too much to handle.I've been wanting to go to fat salmon for a long time, but I'm just not in that area very often.  Finally had a chance to check it out in between some afternoon drinking and a birthday party.  This was more of a snack spot so I just got a salmon avocado roll and the dancing vampire roll.  They were both really good.  I mostly eat the 3 for $10.95 roll specials, and it's amazing what a difference the good quality makes.  The salmon pieces were huge and the avocado was perfectly ripe.  The dancing vampire had a really nice spice.  I kind of want to go back again immediately.  Really wish they delivered.I had a date nite with my girlfriend from collage. 
She said the roll is very good, but I am more sashimi lover.
She had roll with spicy sauce and shrimp tempura roll, I didn't take a bite, but looked like pretty decent. 
I had chirasi bowl served with miso soup and salad on the side. Its really hard to find a fine chirashi don around center city area; I always go to NY just to have chirasi don.
I could say that fat salmon is pretty good for their chirasi, and wish that they could cook the tamago little sweet.. 
The highlight of the meal was tempura ice cream!!! Love it :)The food was very fresh and delicious. Service was courteous and prompt. The chef entertained a special request to wrap a great evening.I am in love!  I have found a sushi place that is not overpriced (I'm looking at you, Raw) and has amazing quality.  I went with my husband and got a "sushi for 2" platter.  It came with miso soup and a salad.  The sushi platter was a generous mix of nigiri, sashimi, maki, etc.  It was enough for both of us to be full and happy and that's really all I can ask for.  The service was just ok, but even at Shinju, they never really had the service part down.  The fish was so fresh and the rolls were SO good.  They did not use a ton of rice in each roll like other sushi places, which I like.  I will definitely be back, fat salmon.
Also, I thought the mural inside was pretty awesome.  I do wish they were staying BYOB, but there's really not enough Sake options in the city stores anyway, so hopefully they can offer a good selection when they get their liquor license.Ordered the Spicy Tuna Crunch, Dancing Vampire and the Agedashi tofu.  Everything was great and the fish was very fresh.  Will definitely order again!Fat Salmon is my go-to for sushi. My fianc and I love this place. I always order Shrimp Shumai for appetizer and the Shrimp Tempura roll. My fianc is much more adventurous than I, so he orders their specialty rolls, which he raves about. I can't imagine there being a better sushi place in the city!My first sushi experience and it was wonderful. I had the spicy tuna, shrimp tempura and split a dragon roll with friends (eel). It was amazing even the ginger salad was top notch. The lightning and service was above average. A wonderful cozy sushi experience!LOVED IT.
Food accurately photographed and described,
Try: Avocado Salad--- a meal in itself
GINGER SNAP COCKTAIL-- exceptionalYou can't go wrong with the place.  Solid sushi, good atmosphere, great prices, and BYOB.
While I'm certainly not a sushi connoisseur like some other reviews, I would like to think that I can taste the difference between good and bad sushi.  Shinju Sushi consistently impresses me with their fresh, creative rolls.
Worth noting is that this place is SMALL.  Reservations can be good idea.  Also, the service can be a bit slow but never inattentive.  Considering the size of the space, their almost non-existent kitchen and great prices I've never found the service to be a problem.  Just don't expect to dine and dash.Extremely unseasoned rice and nauseating old fish. I love sushi but I couldn't even stomach theirs..even after being on a diet.Made reservations, they were accommodating since I was late by 15 mins. We ordered the dancing vampire and the KARAAGE PAPURU. They were delicious, and worth the wait. The waitress was adorable and was willing to provide suggestions. We also got dessert, the red bean ice cream and it was delicious. Definitely recommend the place.This is my favorite sushi place in the city. The food taste good. The fish is fresh and it just melts in your mouth. Before I discovered Fat Salmon, I never ate raw fish, but I do here. They have delicious cooked options too. The specialty rolls are very good. My favorites are the locust and the old school vegetarian! I recommend those. And the fried ice cream for dessert! Yum!If I could give a negative star I would, I went into this place at 9:30 with a girlfriend and we were meeting another friend.  We sat down ordered and then were told that our friend who not be allowed to enter the restaurant if she wasn't by 9:45- mind you she was not eating and we had already ordered her a drink.  All food was orders by 9:30. The waiter was very unprofessional. He bad mouthed the managers about how they had ridiculous rules but would not enforce them. Meanwhile the hostess starred at us the entire dinner. We were all excited to eat here and heard great reviews. We were let down by the unprofessional and rude staff. Compliments to the chef but, we will not come back.Fat Salmon has my favorite sushi in the city but my least favorite service. There is no way they have a FOH manager because the kids serving the food have no idea what they're doing. Water is never refilled, the know nothing about the fish, timing is so far off and they disappear when you need a bill. Thankfully the food is good or this place would never be busy. I'd recommend take out.i came here on recommendation from a friend who knows how much i love nigiri sushi and sashimi. i was super impressed with the fish i ordered. everything was incredibly fresh, and despite being pretty busy when i came to dine, the food came out quickly. this will be my go-to spot for reasonably priced sushi in philly.The seaweed salad was huge, and delicious. Crunchy eel roll of sorts was my favorite by far, with a spicy salmon in second. Three rolls, three apps, a bottle of broadbent, great service, and a bargain of $85 for a check. We'll be back!Went for quick lunch and they nailed it.  Attentive wait staff, great lunch deal (2 tuna nigiri, 2 tuna sashimi & spicy tuna roll for $10.50), and very well decorated.  Likely to be go to lunch spot going forward.This place is so good!!!!! My boss and I came here to celebrate me and we started out w edamame and the naked gyoza with spicy tuna and that was AMAZING!! The pico de gallo on top really did it and added that fresh bite anything with spicy mayo needs. The rolls we ordered were the kimchi ya and salmon yaki (I think it was called that) and rainbow roll. Rainbow roll is a classic but the kimchi ya roll was topped with fried kimchi which I have never come across before and it was delicious!!! Kimchi was slightly bland for my taste but I can be quite particular when it comes to food I am very familiar with and love. But it was still good enough for me to want to come back for it. The salmon yaki was pretty much salmon teriyaki on top with asparagus and avocado?? Inside... but the salmon was a generous portion and cooked really well so yeah the food was  the service was slow other than the guy who filled our waters, but it was weird cus it was Sunday and there was only one other table besides us who was waiting to be served. Also 5 chefs behind the sushi bar lol so who knows what was wrong but the food was yummy so 5 stars it is~Dancing vampire. Get it. 
This place is trendy and modern. The sushi is great, and really affordable. Service is fast and wait staff is attentive to needs. 
Make a reservation though...this place fills up fast!Simply perfect date spot. Sushi selection for all types of sushi lovers. They had wonderfully fresh fish for a simple sashimi lover and their specialty rolls were the absolute most original and delicious I've ever had. Don't skip dessert!My husband and I love this place. It is right in our neighborhood, reasonably priced and consistently delicious. With innovative rolls like the Dancing Vampire and Old School, it's always a delightful surprise. Their more basic rolls are not to be missed either including the Tensai which was fantastic in its simplicity. Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood with nice ambiance, good prices and fresh and consistent sushi.Incredible doesn't even begin to describe this amazing sushi spot. I'm super picky when it comes to good sushi. This place exceeded all my expectations. I started with the Green Salad. The dressing was a creamy ginger dressing that was delicious! I ordered two specialty rolls that were incredible. I love spicy rolls and boy were they spicy! The price is very reasonable too.For its price range, this might be the best sushi place in Philly if you're not looking for a Morimoto-esque experience but also attempting to avoid eating sushi at a Chinese takeout. It sits right between those two experiences. Other than that I would say Fuji Mountain aint too bad but that's in the 20s, streetwise. 
I remember this place when it was a hole in the wall next to Jefferson and was mostly a takeout sushi restaurant. Boy has my little baby grown up. It's now an pseudo-elegant dining experience in which you can just have a casual work lunch. Keep up the good work, don't go all Morimoto or Buddakan on us. :-)ok, this one will be tricky. there is absolutely nothing wrong with fat salmon, but i am not their hugest fan (hence the a-ok rating). i love sushi, not just because i love eating raw fish, but i also appreciate the knife skills involved with the preparation (and i love beautiful, fishy presentation as well). fat salmon uses good quality fish, but their presentation has no artistry and their cuts of fish are way too big. this is why this review is hard to write, who would complain about too big pieces of sashimi? if that is your thing (bang for your buck) then i think that i can guarantee that you will love this place. i want beauty and deliciousness. so there. :) but - their rolls are very good (especially the salmon yaki), and i will probably stick to them in the future. 
service is attentive and upbeat, definitely all sorted out there. and they will soon be getting a liquor license, and that never hurts.Fat Salmon is great except for the food. As someone who actually likes good sushi, I wish they spent half as much time working to get good fish as they do trying to make the place look trendy.Food, service and ambience are amazing.  Server was extremely friendly and helpful. Food was top notch. To top it off the music was on point.  Great place for a date night with your lady or gent.Pros:
-Decent sushi. I recommend going for a bunch of their combos with a friend.
-Wow, that salad dressing.
-ICE CREAM TEMPURA
Cons:
-I recommend making reservations 24 hrs in advance.I really enjoyed it! They have a huge selection of rolls- some very creative and unusual and then all of the normal ones too. The gyoza and veggie tempura were very good too!Wow! I have walked past this place so many times since it is right around the corner from my apt. I finally decided to check it out after my friends were raving about it. They were right about this place! Everything was so delicious! I have never had so sushi so fresh in my life. The tuna sashimi does melt in your mouth. We also had the Locust Roll (the perfect mix of flavors and crunchiness). The M & M with marinated beef was also different and fantastic. Service was great and the BYO part is another plus.
We have gone back 3 times now and can't wait to take all of our friends there so that they can enjoy sushi done right!Great spot. Stopped in for lunch. Lucky to find a few spots at the sushi bar but I will make a reservation next time. Great food and service. I'll be back soon.One of the best sushi places in Philly! Great service, great atmosphere. When I pick up my food, they will bring it outside for me because usually I will be walking my dog. Their spicy scallops over fried tofu is delicious and a must-have. I used to go to the Asian Bistro in Old City, but they've been cutting their portions and service is always slow. Make sure to call ahead at the Fat Salmon on weekends and make a reservation, they are usually packed.Love this place. The food's really delicious and fresh, the service is terrific, and it's cheap! Just went for dinner, had a roll and a salad and green tea and it came to 10 buckeroos. Awesome. Great date spot too.Quality sushi at a moderate price is really hard to find in Philly. But Fat Salmon is on point. 
My only criticism is that I wish so many of their special rolls didn't include crab. I recommend the tensai roll and the spicy tuna sandwich.Great food, selection, service, atmosphere, and prices. A pleasant surprise in central Philadelohia.Awesome atmosphere, great location and amazing sushi. The selection of rolls is overwhelming because they all looked amazing. I had a lunch special- a salad and 2 rolls for $14. The tuna was fresh and the rolls were delicious. Can't wait to go back again!Love this place.
Good sushi; some over creative but still good.
Fresh ingredients and casual crowd.
Great sushi option in Philadelphia.Phenomenal food. This has been a staple in my friendships for years. Every time I bring people here they in turn bring their friends here. Everyone always loves it. I've been eating here for the past 5 and they are CONSISTENT. My favorite rolls always taste fresh every time.Definitely one of my fave spots for sushi in the city. Nice atmosphere and wait wasn't too long even though they were pretty busy. Would reccomened to try it out, you won't be disappointedThe sushi here is slightly pricier than average but it's totally worth it. I'm so happy that I discovered such a fantastic sushi restaurant in the Washington Sq., West neighborhood.  I ate at the sushi bar the other day and my overall experience was very positive. I've only been here once but once was enough to establish it as my go-to sushi restaurant.Since sushi is the best food known to man, I used to eat it weekly in LA nevermind the mercury poisoning risks or whatnot.  I went to college in San Diego where sushi was aplenty.  I also recently visited Tokyo where I had fresh sushi right by the fish market.  So my sushi standards are a bit high.  
In Philly, I put on "goggles" knowing I should expect inadequate sushi.  The last time I ate a roll it felt like I was chewing on a rubber snail.  Finally, le beau and I discovered Fat Salmon--moderately priced, tasty sushi!!!!!!!!!!!!  Something I would've eaten in LA!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We were so excited that after we both had multiple rolls, we ordered another one to share.  We definitely didn't exercise "hara hachi bu" here!I will start by saying that I wanted to like this place, I really did.
My boyfriend and I went (without reservations) on a Saturday night and only had to wait for 20 minutes for a table. The hostess was super sweet and the interior is decorated really cutely so we were off to a great start.
When we sat and looked through the menu, we were disappointed that the majority of rolls were with cooked fish and various tempuras. We ordered a variety of rolls, one tempura, one spicy and 2 from their "regular rolls." The tempura roll tasted like french fries (WAY too much breading and grease on the tempura shrimp) and the spicy roll was so spicy we couldn't taste the other rolls because our mouths were on fire. So unfortunately, we were very disappointed. One of the rolls that we ordered we could actually identify the fish inside, which was good and the fish was fresh, but the rest of the sushi was a bust because there were too many sauces and greasy tempura ;(
Overall verdict: this is a great sushi restaurant for people who don't like raw fish.I took my girlfriend here for a dinner to congratulate her for passing her board exams. She loves sushi and is very meticulous when determining if the sushi is amazing. This place passed with flying colors. I thought this was some of the best sushi in town and my girlfriend agreed. We had 4-5 different rolls. Tempura Shrimp, Scallop rolls, and two of their specialty rolls; one of them being a mexican roll. The mexican roll had pressed pico de gallo on the rice with salmon inside the roll. This was by far the best roll. It tasted like a little piece of mexico in your mouth. Absolutely phenomenal. 
Beside the food being awesome. The ambiance is quite swanky, it seriously feels like you're swimming and eating fresh fish. 
Oh yeah and did I mention this place is super cost effective.I was an early adopter of Fat Salmon, eating here 2-3x's a month since they first opened.  I was really excited when they were a BYOB as I prefer a sparkling sake with my sushi and it its rare to find it at restaurants.  For their first year, it was hands down the best.  The rolls were massive, the rice was perfect in sweetness and arrived table side at the perfect temperature.  The nigiri sushi was criss-cross scored and allowed the fish to perfectly lay over the rice while offering an ideal surface for dipping in soy.
There are the usual restaurant specific rolls, but nothing really stood out quite like the B.C.T. Roll, a non-fish option consisting of crispy bacon, cucumber and tomato topped with avocado and spicy sauce.
I moved out of the neighborhood and made the trip back after they won (what i thought was a well deserved) Best of Philly for 2012.
Tonight, the restaurant was crowded, but with no reservation we were able to be sat at the sushi bar after only 10 minutes.
My ice tea came in a can, unopened.  I later ordered a diet coke and got the same unopened can with a glass of ice.  Not what I'm expecting from a "best of" restaurant.
The sushi came out on a black wooden tray, a little unappetizing, but the food had always been so good, I didn't mind.  The BCT roll is still awesome, hihgly recommended and something I've never seen anywhere else.  Had a few pieces of nigiri, but the tuna seemed almost pink in colr and "spongy"...it reminded me of what you get in the supermarket sushi counter.   Looks like it had been sitting out all week and was borderline freezerburnt.  The Red Snapper was fresh as always.  The volcano roll seemed overly spicey and I couldn't eat more than two pieces before needing to order another drink to cool down my mouth, while the Kaze roll used the same bland tuna as the nigiri and for a lack of better term, tasted "fishy".  Had 2 other specialty rolls but honestly don't remember what they were it was so bland.  
Service was slow and unattentive, I noticed the other tables around us also waiting for their serves and meals.  It's a very trendy looking interior with bold white surfaces and counter and cool blue back lighting.  This is definatly not a kid friendly restaurant!
I don't know if they've just moved from a 5 to 4 star place but is disappointing due to my past 6 star experiences, or if it was just an off night, but this dinner was a 2-3 star experience at best, saved only by the BCT roll.  When you can go into a supermarket and buy pre-packaged rolls of the same quality as the restaurant you're going to, why bother going?
Look for a second follow-up review, I'm not giving up this fast, but my current recommendation to friends is Zama for the best sushi in Philly.If I could give 6 stars, I would. And I have no photos because my kids attacked my plate. My husband and I both had the sashimi for 1- phenomenal. Best fish we ever had and we lived in hawaii 3 years.  We also had the fancy tuna and the lost rainbow.  Service was meticulous. I don't know how our final dinner in Philly could have been any betterAfter trying a couple sushi places in Philly so far, Fat Salmon is by far my favorite. To start, they have a phenomenal agedashi tofu. However they prepare the mushrooms to go on top of the tofu is superb, and the sauce/broth that it sits in is delicious. 
The sushi was very high quality. We got five rolls for two people, which is more than enough, and it was hard to decide which was my favorite. The fancy sushi definitely still stands out in my mind. The crunchiness of the tempura, and the root vegetables that it's served on really appeal to my texture pallet. We did try one roll that was a plum or fig paste with some other vegetable that I've never heard of. It wasn't terrible, and I wouldn't get that one again, but I wanted to try something new and I'm glad I did. 
Bottom line: I'm a fan of Fat Salmon and will definitely be back.I've been wanting to go to Fat Salmon for over a year now and it seemed as if every time I tried to make a reservation the restaurant was booked! That's a great sign over all but terrible for desire to give it a try. I was finally able to get a table on Saturday and it was amazing! The overall decor is modern and  the restaurant was very clean! The food was outstanding! At first glance the menu is very overwhelming but after taking some time to go through all of it you find some serious gems. We ordered the dragonfly roll and some other roll, that I can't remember but I believe that the name was spina or spena. We also ordered one of their regular rolls and everything was just so yummy and the presentation was beautiful! The house wine is also good and the service was top notch. Fat Salmon is definitely one of the best sushi places in the city!I usually don't dine out on Saturday nights as I prefer to go out when restaurants are slower but I did.  Maybe this attributed to the excruciatingly slow service but I am not likely to go back.  I also did not care of the designer rolls that we purchased as they were too fragile to eat with chop sticks.Solid sushi. Beautiful restaurant. Very affordable. Great, attentive service. Dimly lit and very clean. Made a reservation through Yelp the night before, plenty of seating still at 7pm on a Friday. 
Dancing Vampire: nice and spicy. Great cuts of salmon and tuna. Cucumber was a nice touch. 
Sea Breeze: the taste was great, just the roll itself was kind of big to put in your mouth. 
Shrimp tempura: solid, just a bummer that it's 6 pieces when most are 8-10. 
I'm pretty torn between this place and J Sushi on 10th and Locust. The ambiance is very similar, though J offers more bang for your buck. Same ambiance.Great sushi that is artfully prepared! Reservations are really important on weekends, but if you make one in advance, they will get you seated right away! Really nice variety and the quality of the ingredients is obviously much higher than that of the many sushi bars throughout Center City. Waitstaff was courteous and the food arrived quickly. Highly recommended for seekers of great sushi :)The incredible reviews brought me to this place last week, and my first experience could not have been better! As a first-timer, I tried a variety of rolls (there are a TON to choose from) and found each of them fresh, unique, and delicious.
The most unexpected standouts were the White Forest and the Rolling Fire.
I've raved about the White Forest to friends and their first response is, "SOUR CREAM ON SUSHI?!" but don't be scared, it's nothing like you're imagining and it will be a pleasant surprise. I suggest ordering it with the shrimp tempura.
The Rolling Fire comes topped with a broiled spicy scallop sauce (yes, that means it's served warm!) which brings some serious heat. This roll was so different but I highly suggest it if you like spicy food.
Above all, I was SO impressed with the friendliness of the wait staff. For the ambiance and vibe of the restaurant, I was expecting pretentious or stuffy service, but that was not the case AT ALL. From the moment we walked in, we were greeted warmly by the hostesses and our server, Zack, could not have been more helpful and friendly.
Fat Salmon is the best sushi spot in the city!One of my favorite sushi restaurants in Philly! The atmosphere is very cozy and the staffs are very friendly. It's a perfect spot for a date night. Their fishes are very fresh and the rolls are on point! This place can get very packed in the evening especially on weekends. I would recommend RSVP in advance to avoid long wait.This restaurant deserves 4.5 but 4 stars will suffice.
One of my absolute go to sushi restaurants in Philadelphia. The restaurant itself is pretty small, a handful of 2 top-tables & a couple of 4-top tables, plus the sushi-bar seating. Cute decor, all white, with a cool color changing wall, pretty standard decor in an asian restaurant these days.
But onto the food. Every time I come here, there are always 2 rolls that I get. The Mr. French Kiss roll (described as "spicy crab stick w/scallion, masago. On top: shrimp & bacon, onion tempura w/tartar sauce") & the Rolling Fire roll (described as "shrimp tempura, cucumber. On top: broiled spicy scallop sauce.") These rolls are a mouthful! So yummy! I've tried some of the other rolls like the pressed Hako roll & a handful of the standard sushi rolls such as the spicy tuna, spicy scallop, & the Philadelphia roll. The Hako roll wasn't too impressive, but the $12.50 price tag sure was, making this the 2nd most expensive special's roll on the menu. 2 appetizers that I love & really really really encourage anyone who goes to Fat Salmon to try: the Naked Gyoza (described as "spicy tuna or salmon with masago, scallion & pico de gallo, sour cream") & the Tofu (which has the same broiled spicy scallop sauce on it that the Rolling Fire roll has).  YUMMY! I don't know what's in that broiled spicy scallop sauce, but if I had the chance, I would eat it with everything that I possibly could. It's finger licking delicious.
The service was impressive, with the servers paying attention to each table even when the restaurant was packed. Never was my water not refilled, nor was I not checked on at the appropriate time. The only downside to Fat Salmon are the prices of the sushi & the wait time. Granted good sushi is on the pricier side , but some of these rolls don't deserve such high price tags. Also the wait time for the sushi is painstakingly long sometimes. Oh & another pet peeve of mine, when the sushi pieces are so big that it's hard to eat. I understand that the sushi is jam packed with delicious things inside, but please try to make it easy to eat. 
In all, this has to be one of the better sushi restaurants in Philadelphia! I hear that they've just received their liquor license, so I'll be looking forward to some new yummy cocktails.Decor and space remind me of generic LES/ Upper West side sushi places.  Asian modern with a touch of ikea.  
Fresh sushi, good portions.  
Great homemade spicey sauce!!!  Warning: this is legit heat.  I put hot sauce on everything, and I would buy this sauce in a bottle.  
Try old School or Volcano Roll.
The best vegetarian rolls, surprisingly.
I have yet to discover amazing sushi in Philly.  This place is the best yet.Very nice, innovative sushi place in Center City Philadelphia. Stopped in on a Friday night. Called in for a last minute reservation (9:30 PM) and they were happy to seat us. This night we were in a sushi only mode, so we didn't venture out to try any of the Appetizers or Kitchen Specials that they had to offer.
The menu had a nice array of different combinations of sushi. We opted for the Fancy Sushi, Locust, Hako, Rolling Fire and Dancing Vampire. All of them were delicious and fresh. I must say that they do go a tad bit overboard with their sauces on top of the sushi, so it detracts from the flavor of the fresh fish. Presentation was excellent, it all came out in one plate in a nice, appealing order.
Service was top notch. Our waitress was very attentive, without being over bearing. We were the last people to leave their restaurant, but we never felt rushed. 
We couldn't leave without trying dessert, so we opted for the fried vanilla ice cream, which was amazing, and huge ! 
All in all, we would definitely return to Fat Salmon. A few weeks ago, we went to Zama, and this place blew Zama out of the water, in both food and service. Well done Fat Salmon !the ambience of this place is soooo fresh, its an ideal spot to hang out with friends or go on a casual date. 
no crowd on a thursday night but i had reserved just in case through yelp! definitely could have just walked in though, there were a few groups here and there but plenty of space. 
our waiter was super nice and helpful, and promptly took our orders. my friends ordered sushi rolls and specialty rolls but i decided to keep it simple and order a sushi dinner for one. 
the miso soup and salad came out first. the miso soup was bangin; it had the perfect amount of saltiness but didn't make me feel like i was actively becoming hypertensive like most others i've tried. the salad dressing was tangy and flavorful, but i was disappointed that it was served on a bed of uninspired iceberg lettuce. 
the cuts of fish on my nigiri were generously sized and all tasted perfectly fresh! the tuna roll that came with it was good too, but i felt that the nori wrapping the teeny little rolls had a weird flavor that couldn't be masked by dousing in soy sauce...i left most of them on the plate. next time i'll ask to sub in a spicy tuna roll or something. 
all in all, i was pretty pleased and i think fat salmon is a solid sushi joint!This is a great lunch spot for people who work near the federal courthouse at 6th and Market or other spots in Market East.
It wasn't crowded, we had great service, and there are a ton of lunch specials around $10. I got the Vegetable Tempura Lunch Box, which came with more food than I could eat. Tons of interesting vegetable tempura (squash, zucchini, sweet potato, eggplant, etc.), half a California roll, rice, two dumplings, and a salad to start with.
Very yummy. And now I'm stuffed.I did not have sushi so I cannot speak for what truly counts. All 3 friends said their sushi was good. Service was good. Small place and need reservations on weekends but whatever. I had teriyaki tofu and it was delicious. I would go back.I couldn't decide between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, but I settled on 4 because I would definitely go back.
We ordered the agedashi tofu, shrimp tempura tofu, smoked salmon, fluke, and yellowtail nigiri, their Rock N Roll special roll, and their Shochu samplers.
I'll start with the decor. It's very ultra white, space age modern looking. Interesting take on decor for a sushi restaurant, of which I'm not sure if I am a fan but I can't say I hate it, either.
Now for the food. The agedashi tofu was nothing special, i.e. don't bother ordering this dish. The shrimp tempura udon was pretty good, but not fantastic. I did like how they served the 2 shrimp tempura on the side so that it doesn't get too soggy in the broth. It also came with a zucchini tempura fritter.
The nigiri was pretty much to my expectation, although they did something weird to the smoked salmon and yellowtail that made it look like the texture of cube steak. It was very odd and I assume its purpose is to tenderize the fish. The Rock N Roll was a commitment. Each piece, or roll, was pretty thick and stuffed with both salmon and tuna, then topped with "crunchy" topping and a sweet eel sauce. The waitress explained that it is called eel sauce because they mix in powdered eel. I have no idea what that is.
In summary, they have a variety of sushi options, to the point where their menu is overwhelming, as well as many non-sushi options. They also seemed to have a pretty good sake selection. Their service is fine- nothing remarkable, though. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a nice, reasonably priced sushi joint that serves alcohol.Pretty expensive but pretty damned worth it. Absolutely incredible sushi. Very fresh and innovative. If you're a sake lover, they have a great sake samplerIf you are looking for a great sushi place that is relatively inexpensive  this is the place to go.  The service is above average.  The ambience is pretty hip with a cool blue tint to the restaurant and most importantly the sushi is AMAZING.  If you are a fan of the traditional Nigiri/Sashimi sushi, you'll love it, but if you are willing to experiment, Fat Salmon has some of the wildest rolls, but they are all delicious.  The icing on the cake is that this is BYOB.  If you are looking for a great date night, go to Fat Salmon.  There is parking on the street after 6:30pm.I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and we were both blown away by the quality of the food and the trendy ambience of the restaurant. I promised that I would FINALLY try sushi and wasn't disappointed! I can finally say I'm a "sushi fan" now. I recommend bringing a spouse or small group for a fun night out with good food and a quality drink menu!Oh this is pretty bad... exceptionally bad....    this must be where the freshmen go to get ready for their careers in sushi and before they are mentored by a professional.    All of the fundamentals were wrong.   Even the sashimi was poorly prepared.   How is that possible?   I was offended at how bad this place is...   never again.Presentation and ambiance wise this place is a hit.  Great for dates with the dimly lit blue light and the extremely attentive staff.  However the food that they serve wasn't the most impressive.  All their featured sushi pictures on the yelp page look fantastic, but at $11-$13 for 6 pieces of a roll, it's a high price to pay.  But more importantly, look closely at the menu and you'll quickly realize that all their featured rolls are basically variations of the most basic types of seafood: tuna, salmon, eel, and shrimp.  There is not a single "high end" seafood like uni or even some of the standard ones like yellowtail or mackerel.  The "Fancy Sushi" ($10.50), is a ball of rice with a strip of salmon wrapped around it and ground salmon on top.  The "Dragonfly" ($11.50) is simply shrimp tempura with a strip of eel and avocado on top.  All well presented and delicious, but at the end not any of them are innovative in the slightest.  They have about the same quality as an ayce sushi place, but at high costs for very small portions.  Another thing is that when you sit at the sushi bar, there's just a white wall in front of you and you can't see them make any of the food.  Definitely not the sushi bar I'm used to.  I came with high expectations, and the servers definitely met those high expectations... unfortunately the food felt too uninspired.This is my go to sushi place. It's affordable and the sushi is always so fresh and delicious!! It's usually easy to get a reservation. Don't forget to get the ice cream Mochi for dessert!!Absolutely had an amazing time! I never knew this place existed until about last week when my friend told me and suggest we go. It didnt seem like much on the outside and I had to find the place to realize where it was. But once you go in, the setting is amazing. Sushi chefs are in front of you making their food so I felt comfortable that everything was fresh. The lighting is dimmer than most restaurants but it was a nice setting. Great for a date *hint hint* LOL. 
I had the shrimp tempura lunch box for I think !2 dollars and it was amazing and filling! I never expected sushi to fill me up so fast! 
The service was amazing, our waiter came up every so often and asked us how we were and always refilled our glasses without hunting him down (unlike certain places I have been too). 
Definitely going back there when I get paid. :]Every once and a while when you're growing up someone may ask you which super hero you would be if you could. Some people say Superman so they can fly, others may say Batman so they'd be rich and cool...
...Me? I'd be Aquaman. Sure, the scaly orange and green tights are kind of a drag. Riding that stupid sea horse as a mode of conveyance doesn't compare to the Batmobile. Doing the breast stroke isn't in the same league with flying. However, as Aquaman, I could summon all those delicious fish from the Chesapeake Bay Watershed, march them all to the back door of Fat Salmon's and right into the waiting arms of their fantastic sushi chefs so they could carve 'em up and serve fresh Volcano Rolls and Super Dragon rolls!
Best of all, if that were to happen then I believe a 10 % discount might be in order for me (fingers crossed!). So you can keep your x-ray vision, metal claws and invisibility powers. You can jump all the tall buildings with a single bound in the world and it isn't going to save you money on sashimi!  Ha ha ha ha! Suckers!!!I think I found my new favorite sushi spot in the city.  We didn't have reservations on a Thursday night, and found that although it was pretty crowded, we were able to get seated in 5 minutes.  The ambience of FS is trendy and chic, the design clean and simple with a high tech vibe.  I love sashimi and the sashimi plate for 1 was definitely more than enough for one person- I actually shared it with my friend and it was still plenty.  The feshness of the fish and the selection was awesome.  The best sashimi- which doesn't surprise me, given the name of the establishment, was the salmon.  Melted in my mouth.  The combination of the food and the fact that it's a byob make this my new top spot in Philly.  The only thing that could use a little working on is the timing of how the food is brought out, but the waiters were super helpful, very pleasant and did not rush us into ordering.  I would go back to FS tonight and in fact, I already know where I'm going for my birthday in September!Fat salmon make very unique and innovative sushi. It is perhaps not top of the line seafood but fresh and sanitary nonetheless. The chefs are very talented at designs. For vegetarians who don't eat fish, there are several excellent options beyond simple cucumber and avocado maki.  I tried the lipstick trace and the old school. Both of which were delicious.Great atmosphere, cool but not too loud that you can't here the other person. Service was great. I believe their main thing is sushi rolls not traditional nigiri sushi.
Pro: great sushi rolls, great service
Con: it's ok for nigiri/sashimi but definitely not their specialtyInteresting rolls and a good beer selection. Spicy tuna roll and salmon roll not the best, have had better almost everywhere I've been for sushi. Don't think I would go again, but they did have good ice cream. Maybe would try different dishes that aren't sushi if I ever went back. Going to stick to my holy grail in philly.Fat salmon is amazing!! Their shrimp tempura is definitely my favorite. My friend always get California roll with extra spicy sauce. The ambiance is very chill. It's extremely small in there. The servers seem pretty nice overall. Totally recommend you trying this place out!You know, my only problem with this place was that the green tea tasted like a frigid cup of pain. On a positive note, try the Philadelphia roll. I mean, they better damn well know how to make it.I loved my first visit at Fat Salmon this past weekend. They are very attentive and accommodating. I made a reservation using Yelp/seat.me and made a request via the app to have a dessert with candles for my boyfriend's birthday. As soon as we arrived, the hostess (Sammy) asked one of the servers to prepare the table by the window even though there were other tables ready because she said it'll be a better experience. I was already a fan at that point because it was the table I had been eyeing since we walked into the restaurant.
While waiting for our table, my boyfriend decided to go to the restroom and that's when Sammy asked me what kind of dessert I wanted for my boyfriend's birthday. Yes, they actually got my request :) thank you, seat.me! And they were more than glad to accommodate my request.  I asked for which desserts they had available but Sammy offered varieties of mochi ice cream on the house! How could I say no to that?
Our server was Krysta and she was just as great. She was attentive, explained each sushi, and kept our drinks filled. 
The food came out relatively quick and to my surprise, it was actually delicious! I am usually hesitant to try new sushi places because I like raw nigiris, and there isn't very many places out there that can do it very well.
Overall, I am very pleased with Fat Salmon. I would recommend it if you are looking for good sushi and great service in Philly.Amazing inventive  sushi and cocktails that were very affordable. The special rolls were almost the normal price. Attentive service. Will definitely go back.We were finally able to snag a reservation on YELP for Fat Salmon on a Saturday night before the theater.  Upon entering, we were greeted by the hostess who immediately should us to our table.  We had 6:30pm reservations which allowed for ample time before our 8pm show.  Our waiter was nice and seemed knowledgeable of the menu.  Mt friend is glutton free and he seemed to be able to guide her in the right direction.  We ordered a 140z sake for the table.  This was a first for both of us.  My friend enjoyed it.  I tried it and once is enough.  
I had 2 orders of salmon, spicy salmon roll and fancy tuna roll.  My friend had a mixed plate of sushi which came with soup and salad.  
A nice time and we never felt rushed.  Very fresh sushi and we would definitely return.How do I rate Fat Salmon fairly? I don't know, so just roll with me (See what I did there?). Is that trademarked? Whatever. So, I love Fat Salmon for rolls, and rolls alone. More on that in a bit. However, I can't get past their recent health report. I hate that. It's ignorance. And for that, they get a 3. 
Here we go, a more in-depth look. 
The food: It's great. I usually get the ginger salad (My favorite Ginger Dressing), miso and a roll or two. The rolls are all great. I have yet to have one that I didn't like. However, if I am getting sashimi or other raw, simply prepared dishes, I'm walking two blocks to Morimoto. Regardless, as I previously stated, the rolls are great.
Now, the reason for the three stars, is their health report. How - please help me understand - but how can a restaurant be ignorant enough to get the 'marks' on their report that Fat Salmon received. It's the city. There are mice. That's fine. But clean that s^%t up, literally. Dead cockroaches on the floor. Clean it up. The worst part, pink slime in the ice machine. Really? I guess they're too ignorant to clean that too. It's ignorance. Things like 'not enough light at the sushi preparation station' is bogus - I get that. But come on. Get your act together. 
Your rolls were great, and you 'tarnished' your reputation due to your ignorance. Because of this, I probably won't be back for a while. The restaurant was always busy, but lately, it has looked a bit empty. Hopefully it's a lesson learned.Stopped in for lunch. The service was very fast and attentive. Liked the modern decor. The lunchtime prices are very inexpensive considering the quality of the food. Got the #6 tuna assortment which was accompanied by a very nice miso soup, not too salty. The fish was very fresh and tasty and the rice was excellent. Will try to make this a weekly lunch spot.I surprised my husband to a sushi dinner for his birthday. I have heard a lot of great things about Fat Salmon and they were all true! We made a reservation online and the day before they called to confirm. Which was really nice! When we arrived the table was ready for us. The restaurant was kind of cheesy modern but for a sushi restaurant it was perfect decor. 
 Our sever was friendly, quick, and very knowledge. The sushi was affordable and very tasty! For 5 people we only spent $160! We got a bunch of their special rolls and they were really good.  
I would come back here again and again.Great food! Great service! I am new to the city and was recommended this place and I was not disappointed. I had access to good sushi restaurants growing up in Florida and Fat Sushi doesn't disappoint.:)Fat Salmon literally never disappoints. If I want good, affordable sushi...this is the go-to. Table for one or table for 10, the service is always on point, and the quality of fish is just...superb. The super white tuna is melt in your mouth delicious & the Old School roll is amazing (not for the faint of heart, this stuff is SPICY.) So many good memories here and most importantly, so many fantastic meals. I luv Fat Salmon.Fat Salmon is hands down the best sushi place in Philadelphia. No questions. The quality is beyond amazing and their house sake is tasty. I wish I could come here everyday.Possibly the best sushi I've ever had. Easily the best sushi in Philadelphia! Good service too. Prices reasonable too.One of the better sushi restaurants in Center City, it's a great place to go with friends or on a date. Everything here tastes pretty good and there are options for those who want staples like maki or nigiri, as well as more adventurous rolls incorporating eggplant or katsu chicken, etc. The fish tastes pretty fresh and the more complicated rolls have a good balance of flavor.
My gf and I got a plate to share: the green dragon, spider roll, katsu maki (crab stick, cucumber, avocado inside, white fish tempura and eel sauce on top) and spicy scallop (her favorite) were all solid. I really liked the "Rolling Fire" roll: shrimp tempura and cucumber inside, with a delicious creamy spicy scallop sauce on top. The ambiance is just dim but modern and very clean, and service was nice. As expected, it's not super cheap, but for good sushi and the great environment it's well worth the price. I look forward to coming back and trying other specialties.Love this place. Been a frequent since 2010. When I first went to this restaurant, one of the waiters suggested old school. It has the perfect balance of rice, avocado, mushrooms, and spicy sauce. I have yet to find another place that can replicate that sauce. 
My favorite place to eat sushi is sagami in Collingswood, but if we can't make it out there, Fat Salmon is the place to go. Their sushi is fresh and their ginger salad is pretty close to sagami's with their fresh ginger dressing. 
Staff is friendly and service is good. We once went in without knowing that there was a lunch special. When my husband ordered a sashimi dish that wasn't a special, the waiter made suggestions from the lunch special which helped us get a bang for our bucks. Super thoughtful.The dancing vampire was very hot and spicy. I was humiliated by my friend cuz I usually considered myself can eat a lot of spicy:( Their sushi is typical American sushi. (in a good way) The dinning environment was very delightful. The pricing was average. I would recommend any American sushi lovers to visit their place.