All of hype about Federal Donuts made me a little worried it wouldn't live up to it's reputation. But, it absolutely did. I'm a vegetarian so I can only personally comment on the donuts and coffee; however, my husband is obsessed with the chicken. His favorite is the buttermilk ranch.
The donuts are pretty amazing. Paired with an iced coffee and it doesn't get any better. The staff couldn't be nicer- even when they're busy.My friends and I all got one of each that were available to try out. I love the many fun donut flavors they have there. The thing that stood out to me was their fried chicken. I got the chicken sandwich and it was SO GOOD. I highly recommend it.This place is amazing!  They make the donuts fresh with each order.  In fact, I had to wait 10 minutes for them to cool down before I could eat them.  This location is clean and never super busy.  Its a really great addition to the neighborhood and people with cars are sure to appreciate the parking lot.  Best donuts in Philly and the Delaware Valley.This downtown Philly donut joint was decent -- but far from spectacular.
Tried a few different donuts and they were merely cake donuts with different toppings.  Too much of a cake donut taste (which I don't particularly care for).
I can't possibly rate this spot any higher than 3 stars when the greatest donuts on the planet  (Beiler's Donuts) are merely a few blocks away in the Reading Terminal Market.I'd heard the hype. Seen the NY Times article. Nevertheless I was skeptical. Mainly because most people have at best, two reference points for donuts, Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme. Neither of which really makes truly great donuts.  So after waiting for the crowds to die down a little, I traveled over to see for myself last Saturday.
It's a small shop that blends into the surrounding neighborhood. Inside there are a couple of seats at the counter and a wide window well that two people could sit in. I ordered my donuts. I went with the Indian Cinnamon, the caramel banana, the pina colada, and the halva pistachio. The ladies behind the counter worked as fast as they could given the decent sized collection of people waiting for orders and bopping in. My order was processed quickly, and I got my coffee right after I ordered it. The coffee was one of the only things that was a disappointment besides the lack of seating.
 Since there was no room to sit, much less stand I took my donuts and coffee out to a park just off of Federal between 3rd and 4th St.
The donuts were truly transcendant.  Each donut was a symphony of flavors on my tongue.
The Indian Cinnamon-Very light on the cinnamon, coated with sugar. Hot, fresh, and so moist that it pinched in half when I started to eat it.
The caramel banana-A delicious meld of flavors with something added to the banana chips that made them more tasty than I"d imagined.
The pina colada-The donut I though I'd enjoy the least. However it tasted like the Rach 3 and Beethoven's 9th all rolled up. A complex mix of flavors that together was truly amazing. And unlike the current generations, I don't use that term lightly.
The halva and pistachio-the final movement. More subtle flavors that nevertheless worked well. I'd never had halva before, but I liked it.
Believe the hype. Believe the NY Times article. Federal Donuts makes some of the best donuts I've had.I have to say that I was really impressed with this place. I had heard about it here on Yelp and decided I should try it. I ordered the ranch fried chicken and the indian cinnamon donut and both were very good. I also had what I would call their plain donut and it was delicious. The donuts were moist and warm and extremely tasty and were probably the best I have ever had. The chicken was tender and moist and also delicious.
The only downside to this place is the size. The restaurant is very small and there is very little seating. The seating is diner style, stools at a counter. This would be a great place for takeout, which they do.
Overall I would definitely recommend going here. I would also recommend going early as they tend to sell out fairly quickly in the mornings.All those cereal commercials are lying to you. A balanced breakfast doesn't consist of milk, OJ, cereal, and a banana. If you want a balanced breakfast, you should hop in line for fried chicken, a glazed donut, and coffee from FedNuts.  
I'm not much of a sweet breakfast person, but the donuts are great here. The chicken is wonderful, no matter how you have it dressed - wet or dry, they're all good. And when you're eating chicken and donuts for breakfast you're probably going to need something to get you moving afterwards; the coffee.
Oh, and don't try to convince someone to come with you that needs an explanation on why those two foods are served together. Those people don't deserve it.The Indian cinnamon donuts are delicious!
The rest are just OK, the fancy donuts were nothing to rave about and I had such high expectations for the fried chicken, but it was also pretty standard stuff.
But definitely grab a dozen Indian cinnamons.Ok sometimes the hype  doesnt meet what is delivered, but I think Fed Donuts needs more hype.  Finally had  the chicken after several of their amazing donuts and all I can is wow. I had the buttermilk ranch it was amazing. Unlike any fried chicken that I have prior. I will make it a weekly spot from now on. 
Get there early things tend to sell out before 2pm.The donuts are nice but nothing out of extraordinary . I just ordered two simple donuts , one chicken sandwich ( they are really tiny ) and black ice coffee ( plain) and paid 15$ . Cold brew costs $3,25!!!  ... that is more expensive then Starbucks charges for plain black coffee ... again coffee is ok . They charging $1.75 for ONE plain donut and $2.75 for "fancy" donuts .... way too overpriced for a donut joint ! And the atmosphere and cleaning of the shop is not aligned with the prices they charge !The fried chicken is really good here. I know that sounds weird that a donut place has fried chicken but not to people that live in philly and know about federal donuts. The location in NoLibs is on a sketchy street with nothing else around it. The donuts are really good too but the fried chicken is the star here.I stopped using Yelp because I became lazy and didn't feel like spending 10-15 after eating to write about a restaurant, but this place changed my way of thinking!
Federal Donuts opened up in my neighborhood 5-6 years ago and I never stopped in to try it out. After hear one raving review after another, I said enough is enough and took a walk over...and I was not disappointed (except for one minor factor).
Upon walking in the women behind the counter were so sweet and patient. I told them it was my first time and they were more than happy to work with me while I surveyed the entire menu. Eventually I ended up ordering for my dad and I two chicken sandwiches and two cinnamon sugar "fresh and hot" donuts, and a cold brew coffee for myself. This is where the one bad part of my experience comes in: the price. These five items came to $21.60, which I believe is quite expensive.
The cold brew coffee is soooo good. I feel like most places try to nail it down and can never get it right, but Federal Donuts sure did! It had a very robust coffee flavor.
The chicken sandwich was absolutely delicious; the chicken was juicy with a crispy battered outside, the seasoning was nice and balanced, the touch of sauce was just right, and the potato bun was very fresh.
The cinnamon sugar donut...just, wow. These people don't lie when they say it's "hot and fresh." It was warm, soft, moist, and loaded with cinnamon sugar. I could easily eat 3-4 of those things in one sitting. At $1.50 a piece you are paying a premium for quality. 
Despite the price being a little high, I will definitely be back to try their other varieties of donuts and chicken. 10/10 (or 5/5, according to Yelp).The chicken is over rated. It's better from Acme. The donuts, even the fancy one's seem plain.I like donuts. Hot,fresh,now at Krispy Kreme used to be my Mecca of donuts. Now that I have tried Federal's donuts, I have vowed that no other donut is worthy of the calories.  A plus is that the folks are nice and the location makes it feel "real."Today was my first time ever at federal donuts I must say as soon as I walked in the lady at the front greeted me right away she was so nice and I told her it was my first time and she was so excited that I was there she asked was I here for chicken or donuts I told her donuts she explained what kind she had and told me everything I needed to know let me tell you me and my family loved them I will be returning soon !!!! Thank u guys for making my experience greatThe buttermilk chicken and the donut they give you with it were both disgusting. Couldn't even finish it. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Idk.Oh! First off, it smells delicious!
Secondly, it tastes delicious!!
We didn't know that our order of chicken came with a donut so we had ordered donuts, too, which we ended up not being disappointed about. 
They probably didn't tell us that they came with donuts because they just thought we wanted more...? Who knows. 
I ordered sweet garlic wings, the hubs ordered the combo of buttermilk ranch, and we shared in order to try different flavors. They were both scrumptious but I preferred my sweet garlic. And the donut that came with it was so juicy which sounds weird but then later someone outside of the restaurant had told us it was a honey donut which made sense. 
We also ordered the guava donut forgot what it was called though, and that too despite sounding weird was really yummy. 
Anyway, gave it 4 stars for now cos it was my first time and it was good. It'll have to wait for my return in an estimated year or so to get bumped up to a 5.Of course the chicken is delicious but it's the customer service that gets the 5-star rating. Suffering from allergies wasn't enough to keep my wonderful cashier with interesting colored hair (sorry I didn't get her name) from striking up a good conversation about the neighborhood while I waiting for my chicken. It was refreshing as opposed to the typical order and wait while idly surfing the Internet on my phone. Hopefully she gets her tips back from the thief that stole them from the jar Saturday cause she deserves them!I just went for the first time and this place is AMAZING!!! I tried the chicken sandwich and it was incredible. Hot, crispy, juicy, tender and flavorful all at once. I can't wait to try one of the donuts. I might go back tomorrow...AHHHHH fried chicken and donuts!!! 2 of my favorite foods all in one place!!! The chili garlic chicken had just the right amount of kick. Great flavor and very saucy. A bit messy but that's what wet naps are for. Had a bite of the buttermilk ranch chicken as well. It's like the southern version of Korean fried chicken. Loved the vanilla lavender and Indian cinnamon donuts. When you first break apart that first piece, you can just watch the steam seep out and breathe in that lovely scent. It's a moment... so slow down and enjoy it. There's also cold brewed coffee that's perfect with the donuts. Can't wait to try the fancy donuts!They have a few locations, and we picked the one that is in more of a residential area than a busy center of the city. There was no line when we arrived shortly after 11am. But, it was still busy, it can get crowded very quickly with a very small interior. They have five counter seats, and that is about it. While we were there, most of them were there to purchase the food to go, so the seats were not in high demand.
Even though this is mainly a donut shop, they also offer enticing fried chicken. We ordered their very popular Fried Chicken Sandwich, available from 11am. It was smaller than I thought it would be, but I always take quality over quantity. It was juicy, tasty, with a nice little kick to it. We really enjoyed it!
We couldn't just order chicken from a donuts shop, so we got a couple of donuts from their Hot Donuts selections. We chose Cookies & Cream and Strawberry Lavender. We both liked the strawberry one better, since it had better, stronger flavor. Cookies & Cream was good but didn't have much flavor. 
Definitely a place to visit if you are visiting Philly!I had extremely high hopes for this place but alas it did not meet them.  I can only speak for the donuts and those did not impress me.  
With the warm donuts, I could not discern a difference between the two I tried, although they were different colors.  The "fancy" donuts were not particularly interesting to me.  The consistency was ok and the flavors were not very prominent.  I tried each flavor; the caramel banana was the best.  The donuts here are better than chains but not nearly as delicious as I had hoped.
Ultimately, to me, this is not a donut destination.  I think I have been thoroughly  spoiled by the awesomeness that is Donut Plant in NYC.  Take the train, go there.  I still want to try the fried chicken!I mean this in the most positive and reverent way when I say that some day at my funeral, the words that will be spoken in hushed tones by everyone, will be ," spicy peanut chocolate donut".I came here for a breakfast snack because I was in the area and I've heard alot about them.  They're not the best doughnuts I've ever had but they are rich and fresh.  They have different toppings and flavored sugars.  The only downside to this location is the parking. Luckily I was able to park in front of a fire hydrant for a few minutes without any issues but I could foresee an issue during the morning rush.  I would recommend to anyone who could appreciate a good doughnut, so that's everyone :)I think they deserve a lot of credit for creativity, but I think it's a crime not to offer yeast donuts as they make me feel better about myself after I've eaten 3 or 4....or who is really counting? 
The donuts my boyfriend and I got were:
Strawberry: This was a sugared donut with hints of strawberry, but I was really hoping for something to have a more powerful flavor and concentration of strawberries. I finished it anyways.
Blueberry mascarpone: This was my favorite. The blueberry was prominent as was the mascarpone was creamy yummy, and i felt that it was the best executed.
Chocolate Mint: This was my second favorite as it reminded me of an andes mint. Enough said.
Pumpkin Spiced Latte: I've actually never had a pumpkin spiced latte, but this was pretty good. The best part was the pumpkin glaze, what I wish pumpkin pies were made of.
Dark Chocolate Glazed: The simplest donut of the bunch, but was well executed.Over priced.  Over rated.  Totally disappointing.  No jelly donuts.  How can any self respecting donut place not have a jelly donut? Luckily the coffee was decent.This is a must-do every time I'm in Philly. I can't get over how good the donuts are. I even brought some back along with some fried chicken this last time.My husband and I had been looking forward to trying this place out by was quite underwhelmed with our experience. 
We got one of each of the fancy donut flavors which are currently chocolate old fashioned, s'mores, peanut butter malt, key lime pie, pineapple brown sugar, and blueberry lemonade. The first three (on top) were OK, the last three (on the bottom) were not good at all. The icing flavors just didn't mix well together with the actual donut. For $2 per donut for donuts I was not impressed with at all, I would not get donuts from here again. Save yourself some money and go to Beilers for better donuts that are only $1 per. The fact that the store is called "Federal DONUTS" and only had six "fancy donut" flavors and three "sprinkled sugar" flavors was also far from impressive. 
I hear the fried chicken here is good so maybe one day we'll come back to check that out. But definitely not the donuts.These are the best donuts in Philly and quite possibly among the best in the country! What makes them so mouth watering delicious is they make the sugar cake donuts to order so they are warm, light and airy with a crispy sugary outside. Our favorite is the cinnamon sugar! Haven't tried the fried chicken yet but plan to soon since we live just a short walk away!What can I say that has not
already been said!!! I know just get your ass there and get some chicken and donuts! And be warned one hot and fresh will only piss your taste buds off! You will need a dozen to satisfy them!!!The people that work here are so rude. However, the donuts are fantastic. Every time I have come and asked one of the ladies a question at the register, you would have thought I just asked for her to come fan me and feed me donuts. Super super rude. No smile. Rolling eyes. Hey lady with the glasses, if you are so miserable...get another job. Lucky the donuts are good, coffee is terrible though.Okay, so the last few times I was at Federal Donuts everyone behind the register was an absolute hero. Bottom Line: No customer service issues whatsoever. Each employee was nice, attentive and friendly -- exactly what you want to be exposed to in the am. So, my former star that was deducted because of "sour puss" is added back on. Hooray donuts and chicken and coffee for all!Came here this morning for the first time . Good Donuts, not the best in the city. Also Way over priced.. I almost had a heart attack when she said 30 dollars for the dozen. I can't speak for the Chicken though.Loved this place. Came for a brunch of sorts - three donuts, coffee and a half chicken for two. The donuts we had were all hot - strawberry lavender, vanilla spice and the honey glazed that came with the chicken. All were fantastic - soooooo good. They are about as big as an Entemans donut and they are indeed light tasting although I'm sure not light in calories. The chicken was also very good - got the dry rub Za'atar which was excellent. Za'atar is dried thyme, oregano, marjoram, or some combination thereof, mixed with toasted sesame seeds, salt and sumac. Great stuff. A couple of the pieces were drier than I'd like and would have been great if there was a dipping sauce. None the less - really liked it although for those who have had Bon Chon this is similar - although I liked the crust on this chicken a lot. Hopefully next time we will get a fancy donut however they were all sold out when we got there at 330. Oh great service and solid music too.Great coconut curry chicken. One of the best. The only thing is when you order a whole chicken you would figure you would get 2 wings 2 legs 2 Brest 2 thighs not here we got a piece of a Brest no wings 1 leg and a thigh. It was good but they should tell you what there definition of a whole chicken and half chicken is. Now knowing that I would go again. Cause it is great coconut curry.Love this place. Great donuts - hot and fresh or fancy are all good, and the fried chicken is the best around. I recommend the half chicken over the sandwich but people do love the sandwich.
The fancy flavor a rotate. Lemon ricotta is my all time favorite, though right now butter pecan and guava poppy are best. 
This location is great too because it has parking and ample seating.I would give this place a 3.5 but i'll round up to a 4 because i like the concept. They have hot donuts, specialty donuts, and fried chicken. I got a pumpkin spice donut which was really tasty, but i do wish they served it hot. That would make this place AMAZING.  The friend chicken was very moist and flavorful. I would actually recommend trying that. They have a bench outside where we ate which was nice, bc its very limited seating inside.Sad, poor little chicken. Overrated. SALTY to the point of being inedible. Does the" you got it dude" sample what he prepares? Obviously not.  The saving fare was the donut. Better stick with that. Unique flavors and very fresh.I went to school in Philadelphia and wish that this place was open while I was there. But then again, maybe not, because I probably would have gone here once a week and put on the Freshman 20 instead of the Freshman 15.
I've only tried the hot cinnamon sugar donut and it lived up to the hype. There's not many donuts that are better than a piping hot one out of the fryer. I can't speak to the other donuts that they have since I've only tried one, but they have 3 flavors of hot donuts: Vanilla Spice, Strawberry Lavender, and Cinnamon Brown Sugar. Get one, get two, or just get them all. I could've probably eaten 2 by myself, and wished I was with more people so that I could have shared more. The hot donuts are pretty inexpensive at $1.50, which is what you'd pay for a non-fresh, stale donut at a grocery store.
They have fancy donuts for $2.50, which is also affordable since in San Francisco, you get price gouged and end up paying ~$3.50 for special donut. They have maybe 6-8 different flavors.
They also have fried chicken with different seasonings and glazes, but I didn't get to try it when I visited.
Will definitely be back when I'm in Philly again. Affordable, fresh, and delicious. I'm a fan!my husband and I visited here on fri 6/9.  I think my expectations were way to high.  Donuts were not bad but certainly didn't live up to the hype.  We ordered 6 hots, 2 of each and each sugar mix and 2 of the fancys they had which where spicy pb and j.  My husband is crazy for chicken and couldn't wait to dive in.  He said it was okI was pretty impressed. Sadly, they were out of chocolate banana so we tried the s'mores fancy donut, which at $2 was tasty enough but nothing spectacular. Maybe I should've tried one of the weirder flavors, like razzbery[sic] balsamic or halva pistachio. Or the plainer donuts, like lavender vanilla.
However, the chicken was quite good, particularly the dry-rub za'atar. I think the dry-rubs are the way to go, because they really showcase the perfectly-crisp crunchiness of the fried chicken. The chicken breast was juicy and not dry at all, which was great. The chile garlic was tasty too, but it seemed like they were trying to copy Korean fried chicken places and failed to execute it quite as well. The chile was a bit overwhelming in terms of flavor (spice level was fine though), and the fried outer shell didn't hold up quite so well to the glazed coating. They came with a tiny container of Japanese-tasting pickles, and honey-glazed donuts that were not-too-sweet and perfect with the chicken (think chicken and waffles). 
Overall though, I was bit surprised about the value we got from this place. I expected to spend a lot of money for not a whole lot of food, but the portion sizes were pretty decent for the price, and the chicken came out hot, fresh, and tasty.Very good donuts just loaded with lots of sugar ... But still tasty...customer service was good ... Also seems like a place to study and relaxFederal Donuts is a total success and with their early sellouts they've kinda developed a cult rep. I've been there a few times so I guess you can def put me down as a fan too.  However, I can't give it quite 5 stars despite the hype and my repeat appearances.  The chicken is great quality but I think the seasonings need to be a little stronger.  Harissa is a spice I'm into but the harissa chicken seems too weak on this flavoring. And in a way I feel the same about the donuts.  Again great quality but today I got the vanilla lavendar hot donut and couldn't really taste much of any flavoring.  If I didn't know what is was, I couldn't have told you for a million dollars if it had any flavoring or not or what the flavoring was.  I'm pretty sure for both the chicken and the donuts the flavor/spices  is the last thing added after they're deep fried.  Up the flavoring a bit guys and I'll give you that 5th star.I always hear about Federal Donuts and how you have to get there early. 10am on a Saturday morning, this location was completely empty. 
The doughnuts are nothing special in my opinion. The texture was good but it's just your typical cake doughnut that can be made at home if you had a fryer. They were all the same doughnuts with just a different sugar or glaze over it. I tried four flavors but none of them particularly stood out to me.
The fried chicken wasn't bad. It was moist, but again, nothing to rave about. It comes with a honey doughnut but I didn't get any pickles as stated on the online menu. I had a dry topping and a wet topping. For the dry topping, I chose the coconut curry. It tasted more like regular curry powder dusted over the chicken with no hints of coconut.  And the chicken 
Coming from New York, I think everything was pretty reasonably priced.Love this place! my boyfriend and I were at an event on Columbus and wanted to check out some area places. He wasn't sure he wanted to go, but we were glad we did! The hot donuts are amazing and the chicken was fabulous! We got the chili-garlic glaze, awesome! Sure to be back soon!After years of hype, I've finally tried Federal Donuts! They're good as donuts go--not greasy, kind of cake-y but not dense.
We got one of each flavor and shared them as a group back at home. Without knowing which donut was which, it was honestly hard to tell what flavors they were on the ones dipped in flavored sugars. The flavors weren't terribly strong. I liked the chocolate donut best.
Next visit, I look forward to trying their chicken.okay, whoever gives this place one star is buzz-kill!
the line does suck, of course, but it's not their fault that the chicken is so darned tasty.  and the staff is always super nice, gracious and apologetic about the wait.  no snobbiness here.  
had the crispy harissa chicken which was amaze-balls, and the garlic chile which i personally wasn't a fan of (too spicy) but my friend loved.
donuts are great too - love the pomegranate nutella tahina donut.  the sugar spice donuts are fantastic too, but truth be told i couldn't exactly tell the difference between the three different flavors.  whatever.  i ate them all anyway.I'm eating these donuts right now, and with every bite I can't stop myself from saying "Oh.  My God."  We (my boo and I) pre-ordered 9 fancies and a 1/2 honey-ginger chicken to celebrate Superbowl Sunday.  Pre-ordering is KEY as we went in at 1pm and they had run out of fancies at 9am!  We pre-gamed our fancy donuts & chicken with some hot donuts - 1 of each kind:  Lavender-Honey, Indian Cinnamon, and Appolianaro (or something that sounds Apollo-y).  These 3 kinds were the sugar-coated, sparkle in your mouth type.  They all tasted similar, but the Apollo one was a darker, stronger cinnamon, the Indian Cinnamon reminded me of fall festivals, and the Lavender Honey had a nice clean taste, but you had to look for it.
Now the fancies that we're currently binge-ing on are freaking amazing.  I'm not one to order a dozen donuts every Sunday...I'm no donut seeker...but I'd seek these.  Every single one is so unique from any donut I've ever had and they're unique from each other.  The balsamic-raspberry is in my top 3...it's not artificially sweet and the balsamic cuts the sweetness with a nice tang...the "halva pistachio" holds on to the flavor of the nut and would be my #2, #3 would be a tie between the pina colada and the grapefruit with brown sugar.  We also got the caramel-banana and the smore's donuts which were definitely good but those fruity flavors aren't found in your everyday donut and the flavor keeps standing out no matter how many donuts I eat.  I keep eating more.  I'm still eating.  
We blew through the 1/2 chicken pretty quickly (the donuts are still lingering on the counter) and I'm not a fried chicken seeker either.  The glazed version wasn't sticky but thin & savory/sweet and the chicken inside the crispy coating kept the sweetness of the glaze.  After this chicken I loooooooooove fried chicken.  Well, maybe only Federal's.
I have to credit the boo for finding and ordering from this place.  He said donuts & fried chicken and I thought "you're fat and crazy"...but now I'm actually enjoying football...well I'm enjoying being fat and crazy.For a place that only sells doughnuts and chicken, I was expecting better doughnuts. I did like the chicken though. I would go back to try another flavor of chicken. I also liked that they give you the whole wing since a lot of places have chicken wings on the menu but only give you wing dings. They can keep the free doughnut that comes with the chicken though. It could be just me but that doughnut is incredibly nasty; and I'm not particularly eager to pay close the $3.00 for a specialty doughnut that I may or may not enjoy.Katelyn is the BEST... Better than my favorite chicken and donuts. She has customer service perfected and it's all genuine. LOVE Federal Donut and Katelyn!!!! Now, let me get back to eating my chicken and donuts. YUMI was really hoping to give Federal Donuts a 5-star review after reading all the descriptions...  especially because I LOVE Korean-style fried chicken and donuts, so having them together sounded like heaven.  But sadly, there are better places to get donuts (Suzy Jo's in Blue Bell) and Korean chicken (Cafe Soho).  The chicken wings were moist, but insanely salty...  and I love my food salty, so for me to notice it is saying something.  I ordered half plain and half chili, and the chili sauce made the wings really slimy and they completely lost their crunch (good Korean style fried chicken can still stay crunchy under the sauce).
Their hot donuts are pretty darn tasty, I'd choose them over the specialty ones.  If I were to pick one donut of theirs that was stellar, it would be the strawberry lavender (had it at their Rittenhouse location).  Hot out of the fryer and bursting with flavor, it was a nice snack.  I'd have that again.
The only reason I'm not giving them 2 stars is because the staff are super nice.  That's worth an extra star for me.
Also -- be aware that this isn't a sit-down restaurant.  There are 3 stools at the counter and that's it, so plan on taking your chicken to go.Omg, it is the best fried chicken in the USA! The fresh hot donuts are amazing! Lavender/strawberry, not to be missed!!! They even have their own parking lot! Cannot wait to go back soon!!!This place spawned my new love for donuts, cold brew coffee and double fried chicken! 
Everyone must try at least one of each. One made-to-order hot donut, one fancy donut, a dry seasoned and a glazed chicken as well as their cold brew and hot coffee. Also, each location has a slightly different selection of hot donuts. I can't say enough of how great this place is and how wonderful of an addition they have been in the Philadelphia food community. I frequented this place at least three times a week for the past year and the quality of the product as well as the service are very consistent. Also, the chef Matt is always coming up with new and yummy creations so you'll never get bored of the flavors, ever. 
What are you waiting for?! Go check em out, you won't regret it. 
-P.S- they did not pay me for this review, I just love them so gosh darn much. ;)Great prices for some creative donuts. Wish we could have also tried the fried chicken as it seems  to be famous around here. Loved the spicy PB and J donut.The fried chicken sandwich was pretty good. It wasn't as crispy as I imagined it to be, but still crispy and yummy.
Our friend said it's their version of Chick-fil-A. I can see that. Though I think having a slice of cold cheese is strange on this type of chicken sandwich. I rather it be melted since the chicken's fried. Just saying... I guess it reminds me too much of Chick-fil-A.
I might have checked in at the brick and mortar location since we visited the food cart at Spruce Street Harbor Park. Oops. 
We wanted to try the doughnut chips (interesting right), but their stock was low towards the end of the day as so many people were ordering. Until next time Federal Donuts.Ate my first donut from federal donuts loved it! Got the maple brown sugar one and an iced coffee..everything was awesome. The chicken smelled so good sad I couldn't try it, was too full from the donut ..but I'm not complaining:-)What this place has is a good idea (simplicity), the hip atmosphere and a great staff.  I give the staff who work there 5 stars.  They were friendly and helpful and if I were ever to return, it's because of them.  The coffee was decent.  The donuts were okay.  The chicken was dry and too much sauce that didn't help with the chicken.  But for $25 (2 coffee, 5 or 6 donuts and half a chicken), I think I can get much much much better coffee, donuts and chicken from elsewhere.YES! YES! YES! If you are going to eat donuts, there are only 2 kinds--Federal Donuts and HOT Krispy Kream donuts. When we found out that I would have to quit wheat we made a beeline to Federal donuts the very next morning, arriving shortly after they opened the doors on a Sunday. Then we proceeded to order one of everything--yes, one of everything and then like weirdos- my son, my husband and I devoured the whole freaking lot of them in our car down the street (there are no seats in the restaurant), which is located on the corner of a residential block. They appear to change the flavors daily, but I doubt you can go wrong with any of them.Hands down the best donut place I've ever been to.  Who would have thought they would make your donuts fresh and only when you placed the order?  It sounds like their hot flavors are rotating so the day I went in they had appolonia spice, vanilla lavender, and indian cinnamon.  I wish I could have tried them all but they recommended the appolonia spice as the "one I have to try" if I were only going there once.   I wish I could have tried their non hot donuts which also seemed very popular.  So I tried the appolonia spice and their moist fried chicken, one of the best fried chickens I've ever had as well.  This fried chicken and donut meal made me a happy camper before I left Philadelphia.  Foodies may come to Philly for the cheesesteaks but they should consider coming for Federal Donuts!By chance we enter Federal Donuts while out walking on a Sunday morning, unaware that we have stumbled right into the 11:45 event horizon separating exotic doughnut time and fried chicken (and exotic doughnut) time. The air is tense with anticipation, and fear. A morbidly obese couple is forced to wait outside with their doughnuts until the fried chicken distribution begins. They eye us with suspicion and whisper between themselves: "Are they trying to parlay a doughnut order into preemptive poultry? Surely they would be shot by the guards!"
The official behind the counter explains the details of the chicken rationing to the addicts in line - each adult is permitted to place one half-order consisting of four pieces: split breast, thigh, and drumstick. A 400 pound man trembles with sweat. A stern young woman in jackboots walks the line for fried chicken orders, handing out tickets. No one is smiling except the children, seemingly too young to know better.
Fearing retribution from the chicken junkies we limit our order to doughnuts and leave. The doughnuts were excellent. I can't imagine how good the fried chicken must be.It's 7am on a Saturday - there's also a mix of sleet/rain/snow falling from the sky.  To start my weekend off right I took a 2.5 mi run... straight to Federal Donuts.  Yep, through cold, wet, conditions & it was totally worth it.
Doubled up on each flavor of fancy & added in some hot & fresh for good measure.  Best birthday cake ever - and the first donut that I actually like (sorry DD & KK).
Bonus points for the raddest staff ever.YUM! Yum. yum.
Yeah, I'm a little late on the bandwagon after the New York Times has written about this place. Regardless, it was so delicious. I went with Martha G and another friend, so I had the chance to try 3 types of chicken -- Honey Ginger glazed, Zatar and Coconut Curry dry. While I loved the Zatar spices best (made me nostalgic for my first zatar exposure in Israel years ago), I think the glazed chickens are just so much more delicious. I can't wait to go back to try the Chile-Garlic glazed or whatever else they have on the menu.
Also, this review would be incomplete if I didn't mention the donuts. I will say that I'm generally not a big donut person - I love them, they're fabulous, but to me however good they are, they're generally just not worth how bad they are for you. I'd rather have another piece of fried chicken. Ah, but here... the honey donut that comes with all the chicken is so good you can't not have it. And the Halvah donut I tried -- also delicious but nowhere near as good as the honey donut. I need to try the hot donuts which sound amazing -- or maybe I'll just have more chicken instead.Hot donuts. Be careful. Its addictive. and yummy. I don't like the glazed ones thoughOkay, wow.  Seriously.  Boutique donuts with crazy flavors, great coffee; I went here twice during a four day visit.  Not sure what my favorite flavor was: Mandarin Coffee?  Orange Creamsicle?  Good coffee.  I hear the chicken is wonderful but we were never there in the morning.  They sell out of flavors of donuts, supposedly, so get here early.  Unique, and a staple of any trip to South Philly for the rest of my life, so I'll be eating a ton of donuts.Federal is know for its donuts and chicken.  There however is one issue I have with the new chicken sandwich.   There are no other offerings on the menu to balance out the intensity of the flavor of the chicken.   My chicken was a bit dry because it was in the fryer a bit too long but on average the sandwich is phenomenal.  But it's an intense sandwich with a lot of flavor.   I do wish they'd lighten up on the powder flavoring maybe just one side of the chicken?  But in order for me to enjoy this  sandwich to its fullest potential it needs some French fries or some cole slaw something...  The price point is a bit high for $7 but seeing that they spend so much effort behind each sandwich it's a bit to be expected I guess.   However in this town we're not about over paying for food.With all the buzz in the air (and on Yelp) about Federal Donuts, I stopped in one unusually balmy winter afternoon and was delightfully greeted by the lovely Blake, whom I hadn't seen in ages.  Since all the fancy donuts had been sold for the day, I settled on a fried-to-order vanilla lavender donut and a black cherry soda.  Both really hit the spot; not to mention I ran into someone I met while I was a first-year student at Arcadia whom I hadn't seen in years!  Nothing better than reuniting and bonding over great donuts and feeling like you're in your friend's kitchen!  I wasn't in the mood for chicken that day, but I am eager to come back and try it, as well as their fancy donuts.  At the rate it's going now, Federal Donuts has great things on the horizon and is well on its way to becoming the next Cheers...where everybody knows your name.Ok how can one not give FD 5 stars? I mean we are looking at donuts and fried chicken, two guilty pleasures combined in one house.
I don't know where FD gets their chicken but wow it is really packed with a lot of meat, you will be full sharing a half dozen (and a donut :) )
Make sure to get their early to get their fancy donuts. Their regular donuts are very good (I mean they are homemade) but those fancy look great.Come early. They sell out fast! I got here around 1030am to get wings because they're usually ready by 11am. It was packed!! I got an order of the chili garlic wings. Delicious!!! I want to come back and try the buttermilk ranch wings before I give this place a 5. Service is friendly!Went there for famous donuts and fried chickens. The donuts were nice and hot but the fried chickens were too salty. The employees were friendly with high energy level. Please tone down on the salt during marination.Not sure what I can say about this place that hasn't already been said in a few hundred 5 star reviews so I'll just tell two stories:
1.  My first visit to Fed Nuts was last year.  I was talking to one of the owners outside who is a friend of mine.  I was hungry and chicken sounded perfect.  I walked in and ordered a spicy chicken from the super awesome Blake F.... this is how it went down
I pushed open the screen door and my senses were overloaded in fried goodness. My life seemed rather dull and lusterless before inhaling the medley of donuts and chicken.  A familiar face was at the counter and beaming her winning smile.  
"Hey buddy, good to see you!" I said.
"Hey there, welcome!" she replied.
I could barely contain my hunger at this point. If I wouldn't look insane for licking the sweet air, I would have.
"Can I get the spicy chicken?" I said.  God knows I love everything spicy and fortunately, luck was on my side.
"You bet, 1 spicy" she commanded.
I paid and waited for my chicken.  As I was admiring the simple establishment that has nailed the adage, "Do a few things VERY well instead of a lot of things crappily," an old timer walked up and adjusted his worn cover.  He ordered chicken but his fortune was not as mine.
"Sorry, we just ran out, he got the last one."  
The seasoned Philadelphian turned to me with a mired glare that said "you gotta be shittin me."  I really wondered if he would wait idly in on a wooden stool and leap for the box of chicken as it offered to me, only to run out the door with a super villain cackle.  Didn't happen though, he left with a donut and I ate the chicken.
2. I ran an experiment where I brought them in to work and let a bunch of people try them.  Invariably, every person would take a bite and say, "This is like the best donut I've ever had."Yummy and delicious! I'm on a korean chicken wing kick these days, and the chili-garlic friend chicken was excellent. Not super spicy, but the chicken was moist and juicy - exactly as described. We also got the za'atar chicken, which was great. The crispy chicken kept better than the glazed chicken in case you're going to eat some later.
We went overboard on the donuts, but the pina colada donut (which I wouldn't have predicted I'd like) was incredible. It tastes like coconut and pineapple - nothing like the cloying sweetness of the drink. The smores and caramel banana donut were only okay (I was expecting a lot I guess), and the pistachio halwa was a bit too much but I should have predicted that given my dislike for halwa. If you like it I think this donut will knock your socks off. The standouts were the hot donuts. All three were super delicious. Its hard to dislike a hot donut, but even still - amazing.The donuts here are amazing. I have been a few times now. I have not been disappointed with any of the choices. Personally, the hot donuts are my preferred diet destroyer of choice. The flavors are creative, but not overwhelming. The chicken is equally delicious. I liked the zahav spice best, but none of the others were too far behind!My suggestion: go with a couple of friends, order half a dozen (or 12, hey more power to ya)--one of each of the specialty donuts--to share. Though a tad bit too sweet, every single donut was delectable. 4 stars for the donuts.
On the other hand, the venue was dirty. Granted, the dingy look of it goes with the whole "Philly's finest" theme. However, cleanliness is a huge factor in my reviews. I asked for a fork and the counter associate picked up a plastic fork from under the sink. It was covered in dust and actual dirt. If the donuts weren't so good, I would give this place 1-2 stars.
Definitely worth a try! Just don't ask for utensils...My roommate and I have been dying to try one of these for months! We went on Saturday afternoon around three, and after seeing dozens of pictures of the most creative, mouth watering donuts on yelp and Instagram, I was a little disappointed they only had three flavors. Lesson learned: go in the morning! I did appreciate that their three flavors are all made to order and served hot. I had a cinnamon sugar. It was good, but my mind wasn't blown. I look forward to trying something unique next time!Two weeks later, and they are now making enough donuts so that you can enjoy them while waiting for your chicken at lunch. Don't let the lunch lines scare you.  Take a number to get served in the chicken line - it moves quicklyAbsolutely the best fried chicken I have ever had, and I am not exaggerating, it really is.  The NY Times reviewer said so too.  Cooked perfectly and comes with a choice of (I think) eight different coatings/sauces that are amazing.  My favorite is the Chili Garlic glaze because it taste sublime and has just the right amount of heat.  But it's all good.Decided to say screw my weekday diet and try this place. Clean inside and ample parking which is nice for a change. I ordered the 5 wings with chili garlic and the honey glazed donut that comes with. Now I think of myself as a reliable source for wing opinions since it's my favorite food and I eat them way too much. Besides the sauce, these are by far the best breaded wings I ever had. Perfectly cooked, fall right off the bone, super crispy, moist, tasty breading - everything you look for in a breaded wing. The chili garlic sauce is good but I wish they had old fashion buffalo style. The honey glazed donut was delicious but Duck Donuts in OBX still holds the throne in my book.
Conclusion - a tad pricey but I will be coming here often and most likely tossing them in my own sauce at home.Review for donuts only. Must go back for the chicken. 
We found this new location of federal donuts  on yelp on our way back up to NYC and were so excited. We picked up three fancy donuts to go: chocolate coconut, blueberry marscapone and cherry. Amazing!! They weren't too sweet and the flavors were really good. The cakey donut itself is moist and soft. I wish I'd bought more. 
Go early because they sell out. In fact, we were lucky enough to grab the last blueberry and coconut ones. 
Will definitely be back for more donuts and to try the fried chicken.Very literally some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.. And the doughnuts are worth rioting over!! The vanilla sugar, I would highly recommend. Any and all of their dry rubs are perfect for the chicken.. Just don't go before 11am for fried chicken, they don't serve it until then and I've made that mistake. Enjoy!Staff is so friendly and coffee is perfect! The doughnuts are always changing which is a pleasant surprise. Haven't tried the chicken yet but have only heard great things!AMAZING! 
These donuts are so awesome. I like you can get fancier flavors but picky eaters can also enjoy them, they aren't too crazy.  I can not wait to try and the fried chicken, it smelled amazing and I keep hearing great stuff about it!Located in an interesting spot of the city- west no libs?  East fairmount?  no clue.  but either way, we found it after stumbling upon it one day and it just happened to be cheat day so why not!  Of course we went only for the donuts (Maybe we'll try the other fare another day) but all in all a good experience.  The place looked clean and neat, simple (in a good way) and they were very quick to attend to us and answer any questions behind the counter.  I got the chocolate cake with glaze and my boyfriend got the original donut (right out of the fryer it seemed).  Price was average (obviously more than say DD) but when we bit into each donut we were surprised.  We never thought a donut could taste so real and good.  My choc cake donut was definitely exactly that- a cake-like donut.  It was delicious as long as you like choco cake.  My bf's donut was warm, sweet, soft and moist (though I HATE the word moist, I will use it just this once). 
YUM YUM YUM! Good job Fed Donuts!Forget the specialty donuts and just get one of the hot donuts, made to order fresh all day. You get a free honey donut with your chicken order, but I actually don't like that kind at all and usually give it to my daughter, who inevitably hovers over me waiting for my donut like a baby bird waiting for food to drop from its mother's beak.
The famous fried chicken is really really good, if you love crispy savory skin. In fact, I could just order their za'tar dry rub skin and be happy. While the chicken is also good, it's really just fried chicken, and when you order a "half chicken" you're not actually getting a half a chicken. You get four smallish pieces of chicken that are mostly bone. It's delicious, but it's not a lot of meat for the price.Um Federal Donuts is the best. The coffee is always hot and tasty, the staff is hot and tasty, the donuts are beyond delicious. Props to key lime, coconut pineapple and pomegranate glazed - I'm addicted and wish I could eat them every morning. Mike has said "I don't think it's smart to keep eating donuts". Too bad he's wrong.
I can't say much for the chicken since I don't eat animals with feet or claws, but one time I may or may not have snuck out a piece of glazed Korean-style fried chicken out of a restaurant that may or may not be the home of one of the masterminds behind FD and I may or may not have woken my significant other up from his slumber and forced him to eat it and he may or may not have said it was the best fried chicken he's ever had. And Elizabeth B. and I may or may not have agreed to try the chicken in secret but that's neither here nor there.
I love FD and I wish it was closer but the distance won't keep me away, even on late mornings such as this one when I knew that there was a slim chance of procuring a few tasty fancies. When it's FD it's always worth a shot.Worth trying at least once.  Simple menu, not a whole lot of options.  Coffee was basic. Chicken was tasty and donuts were authentic.  Prices were a bit steep.  Might return if traveling with others but once was good enough for me.Nothing could be better. I went in the morning, so was unable to get chicken, but tried every flavor but the Indian Cinnamon. Bring back for friends so you can share and TRY THEM ALL--you will be tempted to eat an entire box alone. Don't skip any flavor--they are all donut perfect. Unlike with most donuts, these don't leave you feeling greasy, oily, and gross. This is coming from a health nut, and I don't even feel guilty about the fact that I probably consumed about 2 1/2-3 donuts in one day. GO GO GODonuts are amazing.  There is nothing that comes even close.  The flavors are so unique and interesting.  The chicken is above average, but I'd eat their chicken over 90% of other fried chicken in Philly.  This is a true South Philly gem.Words cannot describe the experience at Federal Donuts, but I'll try.   A tiny little shack in south Philly with some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.  The chili garlic flavour is the signature, and it doesn't disappoint.  Each order is served with a freshly fried lemon honey donut, which was our favourite flavour.  I loved it so much I bought one of their tee shirts to make all my friends jealous!  Get there early, though.  They run out daily.Amazing fried chicken.
Amazing donuts.
A must-eat in Philly.The Indian Spice and Vanilla Lavendar donuts were good. I didn't get to try any of the fancy donuts because they were sold out (it was 12:30pm on a Saturday!). The wings were also out so we got a Chili Garlic Half Chicken which was spicy but good. I'd like to just try the buttermilk ranch wings next time. I'll definitely go back to try the fancy donuts.Just like our federal government, Federal Donuts is big on promises; but also just like the federal government's policies, it looks done on the outside but on the inside it is uncooked and raw. That can be passable in a donut (not really) but when you are dealing with chicken, "this will not stand!"
If it wasn't for the undercooked food, I still would not find much to rave about- although I will say that the young woman behind the counter was friendly and patient as I asked questions about the menu. 
Having tasted everything from and between great gourmet donuts to terrible homemade donuts Federal Donuts rank towards the bottom. Sorry!Federal Donuts is a must when you come to Philly!
There are some old fashion & fancy donuts! So many different flavors! Come early to try the good flavors because they run out by the end of the day! The donuts are delicious, warm, and fluffy. They make them on premises and you can watch! This location is big with plenty of seating! I still haven't tried their fried chicken though. :( Staff here are amazing and friendly! Love Federal Donuts!When a place gets as much hype as this one, rarely does a plan to get exactly what you want workout so well.  The plan was to time things so that we could show up at 1130, get a donut, wait to order chicken and then stuff our faces sharing two half chickens.
We got the chocolate raspberry fancy donuts because they were the only ones left.  Definitely the best jelly donut I've ever had, but it was not the donut I would have ordered if I had my choice.  We then waited around 15 minutes, took our numbers and ordered.  Another 15 minutes later we each had a box of fried chicken; harissa and chile garlic.
The fried chicken is fantasticly crispy and not greasy at all.  The harissa was exactly as promised, spicy but not hot  and cooked perfectly.  The chile garlic was saucy and intense.  I was glad we opted to share because a full half chicken of chile garlic could overwork the palate.
I cannot wait to come back.Chicken sandwich was yummy. The chicken was fried fresh, moist on the inside and nice crispy breading. Ranch dusting, spicy rooster sauce, slice of yellow american cheese and potato roll complimented the chicken well. It usually comes with pickles too but I don't like them so I asked for them to leave them off. I also had a cinnamon brown sugar donut. It was hot and fresh, just the right amount of sugar cinnamon mix on the outside. These donuts are light and soft cake donuts and I loved it. A little pricey for the portions and waited a bit for my food, but considering everything was so fresh and tasty I didn't mind the wait or the price. Just wish they had more options on the chicken menu instead of just a half or whole. That's why I got the sandwich because they didn't have anything smaller than the half chicken. Will go back with some company next time so I can try the half or whole chicken and more donut flavors!Excellent donuts and chicken with unique flavor on the chicken do to the zaatar shami season....get the dry flavor and you will be hook.  One thing, get there early because they do run out and once it's gone, you will be short!!!!!I like this location better than the Center City location- even though it is completely out of my way.  It feels more at home and it is more comfortable.  It feels like a mom and pop shop.  I went here last week in the middle of a thunderstorm and Lowes run in South Philly.  My husband wanted to try the chicken.  I knew there was a location in South Philly, so I plugged in my handy dandy GPS and we arrived.  He had the dry rub curry and coconut chicken and [he ate my] spicy garlic chicken [seriously, I had a piece of each, I was about to fight him for an actual bite of chicken before he consumed it all].  He was in chicken heaven. Though I like the chicken, I am not crazy about it - but I have dreams of the sugar cinnamon donut on occasion.    I can't wait to try some fancies...
Heads up: It's a first come first serve kind of place. You cannot call and put in an order- though many people tried in the 20 minutes I was in the shop.Not getting it---- completely lost on me!!!
This morning, 0830---- tried 4 different ones with girlfriend---2 fancy, 2 hot and fresh.
Strawberry lavendar
Cinnamon br sugar
French toast
Turkish coffee
Overrated.....yes, the cake donut batter is yeasty and nice...but I think of places like Dynamo Donuts, Top Pot, Krispy Kreme, and small boutiques in the Oakland area. I would have absolutely loved to have a plain donut:)!
Israeli owner Michael Solomonov, same guy of the very well-rated Zahav, about which my brother raves!Three words: worth the hype.
That fried chicken, man, I would make out with that fried chicken. The optional spices we got were excellent and not overwhelming - you can still taste the good chickenness of it. As others may have mentioned, a half and a donut are totally filling enough for two people - but you'll want more. So much more.OK~ I get it donuts are great, nice to be able to get a parking. Service is friendly and place is cool. But 2.50 for a donut?? $20 for a dozen! At least offer a free cup of coffee with that dozen.  I hear the chicken is awesome but I was in such shock after my donut tab I had to go sit down and re-group. Next time I'll get chicken but definitely skip the donut$.Federal donuts is the pinnacle of tasty, impractical and seemingly fatty food in Philadelphia. With their array of fancy donuts, Federal gets really creative with things you never heard in the same sentence as donut. Things like raspberry vinnegrette, caramel banana, s'mores, pistachio and a load more. 
The chicken is quite scrumptious. With glazed and dry rub varieties with different flavoring and seasoning, there's at least one you'll like. My favorite was the honey ginger glaze.
 For $9 you get a good amount of chicken, although I only go for occasional chicken and donut splurges. The regular donuts are great; usually hot and fresh fr only $1.50 and $6 for half a dozen.
Overall. GO TO FEDERAL DONUTS NOW!Wow.  We cannot eat donuts, but based on good Intel thought we would buy some for our grandkids back home.  We walked over from our hotel prior to checking out after a great weekend in Philly.  
The staff was friendly and the shop was busy.  FD does not lack for customers- always a good sign.
Everyone loved the donuts and we scored!!  Good variety and we would recommend based on the rate of consumptionI have the saddest story ever to be told.
Have you ever been sad...so so sad because you made the mistake of trying Federal Donuts ranch fried chicken, chocolate cake & strawberry cheesecake donuts & you had it not 1 time but 3 times, over the last month & now you hooked & you want more today but you can't because you fat, so now it's taking errything you have to not do it & now you're crying in your stupid tuna salad you made instead, thinking about that delicious fried chicken & those donuts... #gimmedatchickenanddonutsThe cold brew coffee is either not cold brewed, a terrible brand of coffee, or it was brewed days ago. It is so incredibly stale. I am pretty upset I paid $3 for this. 
Everything else though, is delicious.Basically if you're the only game in town ... Was my feeling. 
Very very mediocre. 
The chicken thigh was slimey and not piping hot and soft as it should be. See picture... So took a bite out of the leg instead and that was just dry. 
The donuts were basic with try-to-be-trendy sugars in cutesy colours. The churro flavour one didn't even taste like a churro. 
Going to Popeyes next time and then to Krispy Kreme.... So much betterWhere to start?!? This is the best place to get the most amazing, fresh and outrages flavored donuts! So many great donuts to choose from! I recommending to try them all! You can never go wrong! Hey don't forget the chicken... (Limited time/days)
I never walk out of this place without a half dozen, for myself!
The staff there are always energetic and ready to make your day that much better! 
Trust me you will not be disappointed! 
The price range that I grade it on is only because I can't help myself for just getting 2-3 donuts. But if your looking for a quick bite.. So cheap.Federal never disappoints, the staff is super friendly, and the donuts, chicken, and coffee are all superb.  10/10 would go there again... and again... and again....I've had better fried chicken and I've had better doughnuts.  That's not great for a place where those are the only two items on the menu.  The doughnuts are small and dense; you can get better ones at most local bakeries.  And the fried chicken should be crispier!
I was so excited for Federal Donuts to open, but they've really made it inconvenient for customers to patronize the place.  Only one batch of chicken per day, distributed before noon?  It's just strange.
All in all, Federal Donuts is more hype than anything else.  I don't understand how the owners expect to maintain the restaurant's popularity once the hype dies down.  It's a shame, too-- the idea is so great.  They just miss the mark on its execution.I really want to love this place, and have tried- I swear it.  The people who work there are great, really nice, and friendly, they seem to know almost everyone by name.
BUT
Is this the emporer's new chicken?  So  much hype led up to the opening of FD, and I was pretty excited about the place, but four tries in, and I just don't get what the fuss is about the chicken.
I feel like the 2 women in the old joke complaining about the food at a Catskills resort- one says 'the food here is is terrible' and her friend replies 'yes, and the portions are so small'... 
Pieces are small, and often dry, never juicy as great fried chicken should be.  Last time I got it, it wasn't even crispy.  I have tried three flavors and I like the flavor of the ranch, but not enough to pay $9.00 for 4 tiny pieces.  I am sorry, but I think I am giving up on FD for chicken and continuing my search for truly great fried chicken.This place is totally good.  People hate on it because there is a line and they run out of stuff early.  Its only so big and can only hold so much inventory, its a fact that restaurants run out of things sometimes and your a loser who hides in front of his computer and yelps negative reviews if you don't know otherwise.   Anyway the coffee is awesome, from Bohdi.  The chicken is great and so are the donuts.  Just make sure you get there early or call ahead to get your order in, its not brain surgery.  The manager spoke with us last time we were in and was super nice and apologized profusely because they had to 86 the donuts early, no big deal, we just went back the next day and got a half dozen.  Anyway I'm a fan and will be backI had the chicken sandwich that changed my life- it was so good! The vanilla spice donut is also my favorite and the customer service is awesome.  I cant wait to go back to Philly!not sure what was better here, the cold brewed coffee, the doughnuts, or watching the silly doughnut crazed yuppies sacrifice their childs safety to shove pomegranate glazed bites down their gullets
Poor girl got handed a hot doughnut straight out of the fryer (deliciously spiced w apple and cinnamon) and she immediately started crying after realizing how hot the doughnut was, BUT SHE WOULDNT LET GO BC SHE KNEW HOW DELICIOUS THE DOUGHNUT IS!!!   seriously it was sad watching her cry but it all worked out after i got my belly full of key lime, chocolate-raspberry, nutella and pomegranate doughnuts. I thought the cold brewed coffee was unique and amazing. I haven't gotten to the chicken yet, and regret I didn't wait because there was no one there.  Soon enough. 
If your like me and hate lines (and people for that matter) this is the place you stay away from on the weekends, nothing could ever be worth that (see Sunday brunch at Parc, Saturday night at any old city club)The chicken is fantastic and every doughnut I have ever had has been warm and fresh. Customer service is great, even when they are packed. Everyone is friendly and wants to serve you as quickly and politely as possible. I have never had a problem and always look forward to going back.Wowsahs! Hands down the best donuts I've ever had!
Went to FD with my girlfriend. We had two hot donuts. The Indian cinnamon and the appollonia spice. We also had two fancies, cookies n cream and the sticky bun. 
Coffee is good too. Great place to go for a Saturday morning treat.
Enjoy!Sure there's dunkin, and wawa and all that other mass produced 'store baked' product tempting you, but nothing like a freshly, FRESHLY, made cake donut.
Federal donuts is slowly spreading across Philly like chicken pox with people itching to get their hands on one of the homemade concoctions.
The flavors of the day ranged from snow cap to coffee cake to peanut butter malt.  At $2.75 ea, they're more than you'd pay for at the gas station, but but also significantly more satisfying.
The hot fresh flavors include cookies and cream, cinnamln brown sugar and strawberry lavender.  Since this was a MTO item, it also needed to be consumed, immediately.  Having never had a truly right off the line cake donut (specific because krispy kreme.. and yea.. they're best when fresh) I was normally disappointed with most cake donuts because they tended to be heavy and leaden and not that satisfying.  This one was superb.  Light, fluffy and still very warm.  The strawberry lavender sugar may have been the only tick.  Containing definite floral notes from the lavender, I would have preferred a stronger strawberry flavor.  Nonetheless, the donut itself was the best one I've had, even if the flavor was not.
Shortly thereafter, consumption of the fancy donuts commenced.  All donuts were cake donuts and the flavors and glazes added while they were warm allowed them to make that sugary outer crust that I love.  Favorites of the mrs. and I were the snow cap, peanut butter malt and the coffee cake.
Far from fancy but spot on delicious, it's definitely worth a trip.  Next time, we'll get some fried chicken too!Best donuts I've had yet! The place itself has a functional and playful vibe about it and the donuts are AMAZING. We took half a dozen home and they remained fresh for DAYS. excited to try all the flavors!you catch a teasing whiff as you cross the street
a woman outside whispers to you as you head for the door "grab a free sample...if they have any"
you turn the knob, swing open the door and are doubly-greeted by the smiling faces of felicia and blake 
that wonderful aroma rushes you head-on (hello, pavlov) 
i was impressed by how 'tight' it is here - quite the model of efficiency...i swore i saw extra arms on those girls as they not only greeted customers by name and chatted, but poured coffee, served donuts, and prepped for the chicken-frenzy sure to come
we sat ourselves down (thanks to jim h for the tip) and were treated to fresh hot appolonia spice and vanilla lavender donuts (mmmmmmmm donuts)  
those alone, which we enjoyed with a cup of really great coffee, would have made the trip worthwhile...but no, we were on a mission to.get.chicken.
za'atar, harissa, chile garlic, honey ginger...how to choose?? yes, one of each to go please...buttermilk ranch, we'll get to you another time
once the chicken was ready, blake suggested trying some while it was fresh and hot - so glad we listened - we built a wall of chicken boxes, hunkered down and shared a piece of each flavor...i would be hard-pressed to say which i loved best - the chicken is phenomonal; crispy and juicy and so, so flavorful...
ps it is even great cold...loved the pickles too - thanks blake : )
we also took a box of fancy 'nuts home to share - (choc spicy pnut, lemon poppy, white choc rasp, key lime, pom nutella tehina, apple walnut...next time, i am coming for you blood orange) - as proof to our fellow suburbanites that the umbilical cord does indeed stretch as far as pennsportI had heard of this place for some time but never ventured out to taste. So I finally caved and boy was it worth it. I have to say that my favorite location is the one on 2nd St. I tried a couple of donuts and they were really good. My favorite was the carmel banana. To be honest they are all petty yummy.
The best thing they serve here is the fried chicken. It's so good. They serve half and while chicken as well as wings. Be sure to get there early if you want wings. They only make a certain amount each day but if they run out you can always settle for a half chicken. It's golden crisp on the outside and so moist inside. They always have a couple of different flavors. I'm partial to the coconut-curry and the chili garlic. Every time I have gone the chicken has been spot on. Can't go wrong here.Holy moley, these donuts are SWEET. Like, so sweet my teeth hurt. I love creative flavors and FedNuts definitely hits the mark there, but I can only eat half of one of these sinful creations if I don't want to put myself on the fast track to diabetes. 
That said, a box of these babies is definitely a people pleaser and will earn you the title of office king or queen at your next meeting.
Will return in hopes of trying the fried chicken.Came back for the chicken...
Let me see how I can put this. Hypothetically, say all of Philadelphia were burning to the ground. I'd grab a bucket and try to keep the flames away from fed donuts as my house and all possessions turned to ash.
I got the dry rub za'atar, unbelievable great spice mix, really crunchy outside and nice moist on the inside. Also ordered the vanilla lavender donut... hot is definitely the way to go. I scurried away around the corner and chowed down suspiciously eyeing any passerby who might be lured to swipe my food. Not kidding at all when I say this is my favorite place in philly.
I guess there are negatives, the guys in front of me took forever to order. And it's kind of a madhouse and can be a wait to order in such a cramped tiny space. But I mean why complain about waiting 10 minutes for perfection?The donuts here are one thing, but holy moly, the chicken is out of this world. We got the honey ginger, coconut curry and za'atar and each flavor was incredible. You could easily distinguish the various seasonings in each flavor, too. The chicken is double fried which made it so crispy but still allows it to maintain its juiciness. My only complaint is that I wish there was more seasoning on the chicken, but other than that, it was pure perfection.Great concept, great service, delicious donuts.  We went on a Sunday around 11:00.  They still had 2 flavors left of the stuffed donuts, yum! Yum! No line, good coffee.  Yes they are small and pricey, but they are also quite rich and made with great ingredients.  The cashier patiently explained the chicken process over and over as each person came in and remained all smiles.  For chicken go at 11:45, get a ticket and wait a little while for your chicken.  The ticket ensures you will get chicken.  We will be back to check out the chicken soon.  It seems this place is doing two things really well.Gotta say.. These are possibly the best donuts I've ever had. All of the hot fresh ones are amazing- there isn't a wrong choice. Perfect warming snack on a cold day.
10/10. Would 'nut again.I had only tried the specialty donuts previously, but promised I'd come back for the chicken. Luckily hubby was craving Fried Chicken, and after a search on Yelp, I stumbled on Federal Donuts (how dare I not think of it sooner!) I like this location because it has a convenient parking lot for quick pick up dinner after work. The staff were extremely friendly and explained that a half meant 3 pieces: leg, thigh, and breast and you could order one flavor for each half which is typically perfect for one person. I asked for the most popular flavors, which were buttermilk ranch and soy garlic, and decided to get a half of each. You also get a lemon creme donut with each half. We weren't able to eat the chicken right away, but even few hours later, the chicken was delicious! We both enjoyed the soy garlic better, but the buttermilk ranch was still good. I completely understand why Federal Donuts received the Best of Philly award for their Fried Chicken for 2014! Unfortunately, it can get pretty pricey for $9.25 (not including tax) for half portion of fried chicken. Otherwise, we may have made it a weekly meal!best chicken sandwich. had this at a federal donuts food truck in philly over the weekend near spruce st harbor park. still thinking about it two days later.. heaven....The store didn't look like it was opened when we got there. It was totally empty. When we went in, we had to call for help as no one was at the counter.  It was a bit strange as the place is large.  
The specialty donuts were pre-made.  Had pomegranate one but didn't have a strong flavor to it. The cinnamon brown sugar was made for us as we ordered. It was nice and hot but very sugary.I never had the chicken but I got the Donuts.. And OH men, these taste like heaven. I went to Federal donuts a few times and my advice would be to go early as they run out of their fancy donuts pretty early in the day. I stopped there on Friday to by a dozen of donuts for my coworkers and I made them all very happy. I tried the mango with coconut donuts and it was pure awesomeness! Of course $20 for a dozen of donuts is a little pricy.. But you seriously pay for quality here! I plan on going back soon for the fried chickenReally like this location because of the seating and parking lot! Amazing fried chicken and great donuts. Recently tried their new milk and coffee fancy donut (delicious!). Staff is so friendly... Looking forward to my next visit!I've been meaning to visit Federal Donuts for such a long time and finally went last Sunday. The coffee was good (and piping hot!) and the donuts were very yummy! Unfortunately I can't give this place 5 stars (yet) because I haven't had the chicken ...yet. I hear so much about the chicken and was really hoping to get some but I didn't know they start serving chicken at 11am and I was there at 9am.I had the fried chicken.  It was worth the trip in snow-tober.
I started with Za'Atar and I was really happy I did.  It was super crispy and lots of awesome salt and herb flavor.  The donut that comes as a side is the perfect contrast to the chicken.  
I have to go back for the glazed varieties.
Seriously awesome.I came here one Saturday to see what all the fuss is about. Donuts were pretty good. Now I'm not into donuts and the sweets, but the donut was pretty good. The coffee was mediocre for me.Possibly the best chicken sandwich I have ever tasted. Family from over an hour away begs me to bring these delights home every now and again. The sauce, the crunch, everything works so well. The seasoning on the whole chicken pieces as well are tasty too. (Have not tried the glazes yet) Love the Zatar! 
Nice people and friendly service! 
Strawberry Lavender donut is exquisite. Melts in your mouth. With a gulp of cream soda, it is a very satisfying lunch!The donuts are heavenly, the chicken is sublime, and the service at this location (the original) is always great. Only downside: depending on the day, the line can be out the door. Unfortunately, that's not something easily predicted (at least that I've found).Fried dough with lots of brown sugar. It's an experience, but nothing sort of amazing. Fresh donuts if comes out deep fryer within seconds always taste good. I went there late, so much of donuts were "sold" out. I don't know whether it's a gimmick or real. But the taste was ok. I got one with cinnamon (apparently it's retired now). But then, I think it's a bit overpriced,Great chicken but I get it plain. They screwed up my order today and gave me wings with ranch . On top of it two orders. I was very unhappy for $20 . Yuck. The ice coffee usually is outstanding but not today. I was kind of bummed. The donuts abet good are very expensive. I like them plain . Some of the Flavors are just silly. Still it's one of my favorite places. This location always seems to have issues.Awesome donuts and great staff!!!!
Melisa and Elissa are super.  Really enjoyed the experience.I'm not a donut fan, but this place was pretty impressive. They make the donuts fresh when you order them, toss them in cinnamon and sugar, and serve it to you still hot to touch. Biting into it feels and tastes like no donut I've ever had before. Worth the splurge.It's my 2nd time trying their donuts. My fave the most is the key lime. I can eat this at any day!! i also like the pomegranate nutella. I liked their hot donuts as well! 
as for their chicken..not really a fan of it. I felt it has too much flour and it just overly priced. However, the chicken is very moist. 
Chefche that's me will go for the donuts!!! Go early so you won't be disappointed on running out donuts! 
I didn't get the concept of giving out numbers to customers. My only opinion is when they give out #'s they should just automatically ordered right away after giving #'s to them. That way there's no other step to order just chicken just saying'!This location is an interesting one, you almost miss it. Not the best place to dine in; not much hot sauce, utensils are given out. They run out of donuts fast though so definitely get your butt in here early.The expression "artisanal food" has been up and coming the past few years and is used to characterize upscale, smaller batch specialty fare such as say, Gefilte Fish. If the humble donut could aspire to attain artisanal status, they would no doubt be those you'd find at Federal Donuts. The donuts are uniformly delicious, served  warm by the friendly (and occasionally hilarious) staff. They are in fact so delicious, that you'll probably find that far fewer of them make it home than your doctor would recommend. I'd advice you to pace yourself.
The fried chicken is also really good with a ample portions (and a donut!) in a couple of zesty flavors. Make sure that you have access to a lot of napkins - the chicken is as greasy (in the best possible way) as it is good.2 donuts , small and a large coffee  for $9 ? Beiler's Donuts at Reading terminal market have better and cheaper donuts .Federal Donuts offer dense, cake-like donuts that range from being richly flavored to subtly sweet. For this trip, my boyfriend and I got the following:
Strawberry Shortcake -- At first smell, you get a strong sense of strawberry jam from the icing glaze. Much of its strawberry taste comes from the glaze, though the bread itself also holds a lighter taste of strawberries.
Grapefruit Brulee -- Of the three, this one had the strongest taste. The glaze was immensely tarty (enough so that we both made sour faces within a few seconds of chewing). However, that initial tartiness soon dissipates within ~ 10 seconds. 
Lemon Ricotta -- This one was by far my favorite. The taste was very light and sweet (ironic since one would associate lemon with being more of a tart taste). The donut batter was not as cake-like as the others, which complimented its delicate taste. 
At the end of the day, however, these donuts are very pricey -- $2.50 for each of their specialty ones ($1.50 for the regulars). For such specialty flavored donuts, you could also look at Beiler's (in Reading Terminal Market) -- they're individual donuts are less than $1.00 and they have more of a variety to choose from!Like Yelp says when you click two stars -- Meh, I've experienced better. What's the big deal about? The donuts are ok but not great. The glazed donuts in particular are overly sweet, and the sugar donuts are actually salty. Plus there's almost nowhere to sit.Must try for donuts and chicken wings. I Mean you can't go wrong but you must come early to get fancy donutsThese donuts are out of this world. I had the classic vanilla glaze and burnt caramel. @ $1.75 a donut, it's a decent value for a donut that could cost you $3 somewhere else. Also, the fried chicken is incredible. My sandwich was hot, fresh, and delicious. The cold brew was on the bitter side, but still very good. It's a great joint and a great meal.Five stars because the three things they serve are phenomenal period. Best fried chicken in city, served hot and fresh to your liking. I prefer dry rubbed ranch with garlic sauce on side. 
Finally got a chance to try all their fancy donuts.  They very yummy but too sweet for my liking but delicious nonetheless.  The pumpkin spice latte is by far by favorite.  All of their hot fresh donuts are actually better to me and you get two for price of one fancy donuts.  
Their coffee is great and better than many coffee joints around the city.  Best of everything.  Just wish they served chicken sooner, like for breakfast :)I love going to Federal Donuts- they always have an interesting selection.  The donuts are incredible, but sometimes they're out of certain products.  I definitely recommend the Lemon Meringue on the special menu.amazingly fresh , the actually cook the donuts right in front of your eyeballs after u order. i had the strawberry lavender donut and it did not disappoint!! loveJust went for the first time this past Friday. Not sure if the long lines are a thing of the past but we were in and out with no wait (this was around 8 a.m.). We went back for chicken at 11 a.m. with no problem either. I would have gladly waited if I needed to, as the donuts were spectacular. I never had doughnuts made to order until now. It's life changing. The Indian Cinnamon was particularly unique -- sweet, savory, and spicy. And get the pumpkin spice latte doughnut if they have any left. Words can't do it justice.Great service here on a Sunday morning. I had the hibiscus donut and my husband had a chocolate glazed donut. Glazed donuts were heavenly sweet but delicious. I saw some bad reviews for their coffee, but I enjoyed it.Really solid donuts, the fresh hot ones are far superior to the "fancy" style. However, the fancy type are good too - Smores and Lemon Blueberry were tops. They also serve a nice strong coffee so it's a perfect morning destination. Beware, on a Sunday morning they will run out of the fresh hot donuts by around 10 or 11am! 
Next time it'll be time to try the chicken!I live really close so it's hard not to go to Federal Donuts everyday. The coffee is amazing. The donuts are delicious. The chicken will change your life. 
If your concerned about the crowd,  try getting there early if you want a fancy donut.I live local, and we decided to give Federal City a try. It's a really small store front, they have stools but I doubt people would sit there as its so small. Pretty much its Donuts, Coffee, Fried Chicken after 11am, and Old Fashioned Soda's that are canned. We only had donuts and a Dr Brown's Cream Soda.
Indian Cinnamin~ this donut smelled incredible. The taste was spot. Really good.
Chocolate Banana~ this was kinda odd, but interesting. Mine was super banana, chocolate was more of an aftertaste
Creamsicle Donut~ it tasted like sugary creamsicle if you had on in the 80s.
Dr Brown's Cream Soda~ was really watered down for my liking.
Overall very pleased with this fancy donut establishment. I wouldn't go there all the time, but a really nice change of pace. I believe its $1.50 for the cinnamon, $2 for the fancy. So it was about what we expected. The cost would stop us from going more then 1-2 per year. It's a nice change of pace, but nothing more.
Has Benches outside and the crub. A few stools inside maybe 4.My go to spot for a special treat for my coworkers. Just wish they sold chicken earlier!Great donuts for sure! The fried chicken is tender and crispy outside. Pretty amazing. The only thing is the chicken is always salty, too salty. Otherwise this would def be a five star riew.Dude, if you have something bad to say about this place, your an ass. Doughnuts are like the best cake you've ever eaten. Chicken sandwich and ranch powdered fried chicken are freakin awesome. I cant go back cause I'll turn into a fat bastard.
It's not cheep, but worth it.We ordered the sweet potato and cinnamon & brown sugar donuts. Baked fresh and not too sweet. Great atmosphere and cool spot!Heaven on earth. Specialty donuts are pricey, but god they're good. Never leave disappointed.This is a review of the donuts only. Haven't tried the fried chicken yet.
Taking a few extra miles and minutes out of an early morning trip to NYC for the day, me and my friends decided we would try the much hyped Federal Donuts. I had been following the opening and rave reviews of this donut, coffee and fried chicken joint with much glee as it seemed like everyone was overjoyed by their experience.... my reaction was, well, pretty so-so. It was about a 20-30 minute wait as this is still the new buzzy eatery for early morning bites, but in the end this treat isn't worth venturing out of the way for. The "fancy" donuts are premade and left sitting on trays with no warming light to keep them soft and tasty so the end result of my chocolate raspberry order was a pretty cold offering. Don't get me wrong, it tasted good, but nobody really goes out of their way for cold donuts. On the other hand, if I do return I will stick to the "fresh" offerings on the menu that are hot and coated with their respective toppings when ordered. So overall there was enough of a mixed feeling that while I'd say you should try this place if you've been thinking about it, I wouldn't tell anyone to go out of their way for the donuts..... now, on to the chicken!While down in philly for a spartan race I got to eat at this place.  It was mid afternoon and they were sold out of almost all there donuts but, what I was able to try was phenomenal and worth the drive from NYC alone.  I was told if your not online before 12 you have a slim chance of getting there more popular items.  I'm not in the food business but I wonder why they just don't make more lol.I'm glad folks from Philly and the surrounding area are calling this place out for being overpriced and over-hyped so that I don't have to look too much like a regional hater, but Federal Donuts continued the trend of our last visit of places that failed to meet our expectations. Luckily none of the food was bad (the service however was terrible), but really nothing stood out as good enough to justify the markup their charging for the experience. We had tried to go to the Pennsport location first, but they closed just as we arrived (3PM closing time seems odd, no?), so we wound up here, and maybe that location is better or something.
Due to their proximity, we wind up with a lot of Philly natives down in DC, and as a result there's this constant bickering about cities, so when 2 different fried chicken and donut places opened up in DC a few years ago there were of course cries of "idea theft" from Federal Donut lovers. Well, I can say with a good bit of certainty, that not being from either town (although I do now reside in DC), both operations in DC (Astro and GBD) are a far superior product than what we had from this Federal Donuts. The creative donuts are more creative, and made better, and the chicken is fried better. Whether or not they "stole" the idea of combining 2 of the country's most beloved items is absurd, I'm sure many of us did that in our dorm rooms, but ultimately all that matters is the end product, and Federal Donuts falls short in that regard for me.
As for the donuts, we tried the blackberry walnut, marshmallow squared, and chocolate glazed, along with one of their "fresh" made basic donuts, since Suzy isn't really into the fancy flavors. The cake consistency of each of the fancy donuts was well done, but they all just tasted kind of plain. I believe they just use the same cake batter for almost everything and then simply dip it in whatever the flavor is, rather than baking the flavor into the mix. This results in somewhat of a Dunkin Donuts feel to the product, at a much higher premium. The guy doing the fresh donuts was having a good bit of trouble actually making a circle, so Suzy had to keep going back repeatedly to check for her donut (we were literally the only non-employees in the building at the time). Coupled with the fact that he seemed to have a good bit of difficulty answering any questions she had about the menu items, this left us even less impressed with the staff than the actual food.
The fried chicken was somewhat better than the donuts in terms of execution. We chose one dry option and one glazed, and I'm fairly certain I wound up consuming the lion's share of it all (no surprise to anyone who knows my background). The za'atar seasoning was nice and heavy on the chicken, adding lots of flavor, but the chicken itself was a bit too dry. The chili garlic was somewhat excessive, I would prefer to not need an entire roll of paper towels to make through an order of 6 wings. It was hard to get a feel for the chicken itself when you're having to scrape off giant chunks of sauce. It just felt sloppily composed, or just lazily executed. It was nice they include a basic donut with each order, to give you something to balance the flavors, but would have been even nicer if it mentioned that on the menu so that we could have adjusted our donut order accordingly.
I don't recall exactly what our total for a few donuts and a dozen wings (and maybe a soda and a water) was, but it was somewhere between $30-40, which is fairly ridiculous considering the simple approach to everything. If they were huge yeast donuts (like at Doughnut Plant, VooDoo, or GBD) then maybe I could understand, but these donuts lack that level of effort. To top it off their register has one of those annoying "tip screens" that you have to go through before signing for your credit card purchase. You basically have the same job as someone at KFC, and expect a tip for it, on top of your already overpriced product. Get out of here with that nonsense.Sooooo good. Excellent coffee, even better doughnuts. Hot & fresh won't let you down, but choose wisely if you go for the fancy glazed, you may end up with a grapefruit brulee that will blow your mind or a weird cake doughnut covered with chalky pastel glaze. Depending on the time you visit it may be a quick visit or an interminable wait due to the number of other patrons and general competence of the hipster employee running the register. Either way, the food is worth the wait. Good luck making it home without breaking into that bag of wonder.Wifey and I visited this place on the way to an Eagles game last year, expecting to have some GREAT donuts, and GOOD chicken.  I was intrigued by the concept of a place that specializes in DONUTS and CHICKEN....not really two items you generally would put together, but certainly two of many peoples, myself included, favorites!  
This place ended up offering the exact opposite in my opinion; GREAT chicken, and GOOD donuts.  We got a half order of the Buttermilk Ranch seasoned "twice fried korean style" chicken, and I swear...I'm not like a chicken connoisseur or anything, and I haven't traveled the world 'round looking for the best chicken, but in my 30 years of life on this planet, it was the BEST I've ever tasted.  Perfect crispiness on the outside, just the right amount of seasoning without being too much, and the actual chicken itself was nice and hot, and flavorful.  Incredible!!
The donuts we got were a Sticky Bun, Chocolate Sea Salt and Cookies & Cream.  My fav was the Cookies & Cream, the Sea Salt was damn good, and the Sticky Bun was really good too.  These are the "Fancy Donuts" and you better just HOPE they have them left, you gotta get there at the right time (I forget the time exactly, but read other reviews to get a sense), otherwise you're SOL and are stuck with whatever they got left.  The donuts were really good, soft enough and a good texture.  MUCH better than places like Dunkin Donuts (though i'm fond of them...) but not quite as good as a place like Duck Donuts (if you've ever made it to the FAMOUS OBX spots, you're missing out on life).
Service was very friendly despite being very busy, which as much as I love philly, i'm unaccustomed to (ever been to Pats/Genos? YEA - opposite of this), and it was a very pleasant surprise to have very nice people behind the counter.
Parking was easy enough, there's about 6-8 spots right out front in a little "lot" and street/curb parking.  Despite a picture somewhere else from someone, it is NOT "sketch" at all.
Great place overall, and we'll definitely be coming back!!Their 'fancy doughnuts' are terrific! I used to live by Dough in Brooklyn and these are like the Philadelphia equivalent (also only a short walk from my apartment). The flavors are rich and the freshness of the doughnut holds up pretty well the next day in case you get too many to eat in one sitting. Although more expensive, these are a great occasional treat.
The sugar doughnuts were tasty, but they were not shockingly delicious in comparison to the region's signature apple cider doughnut. However, they did give me a fresh, warm 6 pack with three varieties. Warm sugar doughnuts are always well appreciated.If you love donuts, no doubt you've heard of Federal Donuts. It's the most popular donut in Philadelphia and often finds itself on every type of donut list, local and national. It's so popular that they now have several locations throughout the city.
This location is in Poplar and near the Edgar Allen Poe house. It has a fun 1970s feel to it with umbrella tables in front and a diner feel inside. It almost feels like a Sonic rather than a donut shop. 
They sell donuts (obviously). They have classic ones and more fancy ones like S'mores. I always go with the old fashioned chocolate donut for $2.75. If you stop in for lunch, they make a good fried chicken.
If you pride yourself in donuts, head over to Federal Donuts!Great little local donut shop.  I had the hot donut- vanilla spice- it was awesome!  Very light and tasty.  Paired with a cold brew coffee for a great start to the day.  Friendly service.I tried some take out from here previously and had to go back for more! I tried their sandwich this time and it is by far the best chicken sandwich I have yet to have and pairs perfectly with their donuts!After finding out Federal Doughnuts was responsible for providing the doughnuts for Phish's Baker's Dozen, I had been wanting to try them as I never was able to snag a doughnut at MSG. Stopped in today and got a 3 piece chicken with soy ginger glaze, as well as a half-dozen doughnuts. Their fried chicken is the best I've ever eaten. Perfectly crispy breading, moist, tender chicken, and that soy ginger glaze is out of this world. Their doughnuts are outstanding. I bought cookies and cream, strawberry lavender, snow cap, pastelito, frosty the donut, and dark chocolate glazed.
My only suggestion is utensils would be a great improvement, as well as putting a bucket of napkins on each table instead of just some of the tables as fried chicken and doughnuts are messy.It's one thing if you are looking for a non-Dunkin Donuts option on the East Coast that delivers, but Federal Donuts really stepped it up a notch when they threw in some of the best Fried Chicken north of the Mason Dixon. The Za'tar spice for the chicken is a must try and the Appolonia Spice donuts were our favorites. If you're in Philly go to Federal Donuts, then the Mutter Museum.Disgusting donuts. They all have the same horrible, artificial almondy flavor, with a rancid aftertaste. Weird, weird, taste, nothing like a donut. And WAY too oily. Tastes like low-quality artificially flavored sadness.
The chicken is pretty good though. I'd go back for the chicken and coffee.
AVOID THE DONUTS!This is the best location yet.  Parking alone makes this one a winner over the others.  The wait time for hots is much shorter than original location.  Same awesome and delicious hots with varying flavors on rotation.Went to get fancy donuts and they did not have any fancy donuts available. Only the fresh ones. The restaurant is called Federal Donuts. Donuts should always be available.
P.S. I'm only giving this two stars because they did not have any donuts. The hot fresh donuts with Cinnamon or Strawberry Lavender are good, but you can't just tell customers that you don't have any of the other products available.For someone who isn't a fan of donuts to enjoy the ones here is a compliment in my book. I mostly went for the chicken which was juicy, really crunchy and with a seasoning similar to Doritos cool ranch on the ones I got, it was absolutely amazing. I'd recommend to anyone looking for Donuts or Chicken 100%The morning began early with a long run followed by left-over cake from Wit & Wisdom (plus some terrible hotel coffee) prior to the drive from Baltimore to Philadelphia - a drive made in record time thus landing me in the City of Brotherly Love at 7:10am, a mere ten minutes after Michael Solomonov's oft-raved Federal Donuts opened its doors.  Always a fan of breakfasts and baked goods, particularly from a chef who went out of his way to stop by my table to chat when I ordered (er, 'devoured like a viking') the pork shoulder at Zahav, Federal Donuts had been on my 'to visit' list for a while and although my eating plans for the day were substantial I knew walking in the door that I had co-diners throughout the day with whom I'd happily be able to share.
A small space to be sure and not yet busy on a Tuesday morning parking was a cinch and with two bakers plus a young clerk I asked what was best with a typical response, "everything," and sizing up the donuts and realizing them to be small I went with the theme ordering a half-dozen fancy options and one of the made to order hot sugared donuts plus a cup of Federal Blend coffee plus a plastic knife with which to divide the selections.
Making my way to the street and sipping the vibrant coffee with earthy cinnamon tones throughout I started first with the hot "Vanilla Lavender" selection and was instantly quite impressed as the exterior was a bit crunchy while the interior was soft and dense, the floral notes understated while mellow vanilla notes came to the fore.  Moving next to the daily selections of $2 fancies it was a mixed bag (or box) with the same high quality textures as the hot donuts but the flavors far more bold - and sometimes a bit strange.
Starting with the selections I expected to work nicely, Creamsicle, Strawberry Rhubarb Pie, and Chocolate Banana each choice was a pleasant blend of flavors with the same cake body simply wrapped in a different glaze - a fan of cake donuts over yeasted 'raised/glazed' things were off to a good start.  Moving next to the more aggressive flavors, Chili Mango and Pomegranate Nutella both proved to be quite bold and interesting - the former with a bit of heat and the later somewhat akin to a peanut butter and strawberry jelly sandwich in flavor.  Far less successful, the Mandarin Coffee was simply not my style - far too much acid with the smoky coffee notes providing little balance.  Overall a really interesting spot with a good vibe and prices far less than many 'designer' donut shops I unfortunately never did make it back for the fried chicken.....though I guess there is always next time.Finally got a chance to go here and see what all the hub bub was about. I got a chance to get a fancy donut of a Creamsicle and it was delicious. The woman behind the counter was friendly, so big kudos to that. I now have to come back and try the fried chicken.Nice little neighborhood shop serving donuts of course but surprisingly good chicken. If you want wings you have to specifically ask for them but trust me they are there. I did not get crazy in choosing one of there many varieties of donuts they have. I instead went with the old standby of a simple glazed donut. I like to judge a place on how good they can do simple things before sampling anything else. The donut was good and hearty. What I mean by that is that when I bit into it there was content and I could taste the bread as compared to Krispy Kreme donut which is very airy to me. The chicken was good and came out hot as I got there ten minutes before they started cooking chicken (they start serving chicken at 11). I went with the zsatara. Ok not sure how it is spelled but it was a dry rub of various tasting much like a Mediterranean spice rub used on lamb. It was very good and on my next trip I really want to try their honey garlic.Warm fluffy donuts that taste like cake. That is all
Best...donuts....I've ever had!!!! Hands down!! :)pleasant experience. ordered to go- service was fast and and courteous. did a final check to assure nothing is left out. hot donuts were HOT. Had to wait for it to cool off a bit. it was sweet but not overwhelmingly sweet. The texture of the hot donuts were more dense which made my mouth dry after a few bites. I was sort of,desperately, seeking for water. Aside from that, everything else was perfect. Love the changing specialty donuts which never seemed to disappoint.Hangover...check
Far bike ride....check
Worth every damn bite...check
I rode all the way from Fairmount to here on a beautiful June Saturday morning.  Once I saw a huge line out the door, I knew the place would be legit.  People were taken cared of rather quickly.   There were numbers given out to folks who wanted fried chicken.   Since I wanted to eat ASAP, I ordered the creamsicle and mango chili donuts.   Totes amazeballs!  I then slammed down the sweet goodness with the best tasting Poland spring ever.  Cheers!!Best donut!  Love all the different flavors.  Strawberry lavender, vanilla, cinnamon.  Services is really good too.  Will be back.After hearing about there chicken sandwhich we strolled in to give it a shot and we were highly impressed. The chicken is cooked and breaded perfect a long with the spicy sauce its a hit. While we didn't try the donuts we did enjoy the iced coffee. The hype is real the chicken sandwhich is very good simple as that and holds it's own against other local competitors. Definitely will be back again!Have yet to get the chicken here, but the donuts are always delicious and constantly changing flavors.  I got Turkish coffee (you could taste the nuttiness of coffee grounds) and Sour Cherry Almond, and have determined that I like the fancy donuts more than the hot & fresh ones. Easier to find parking near the South Philly location than the Center City one.Quality! 
Who cares about service and decor, give me a doughnut to stuff my face  and grow my fat ass!
They have a good selection of donuts and make some to order. The cherry almond would be the only one I'm not crazy about. A proper DOUGHnut, the kind you can dunk in coffee and it won't crumble into the bottom of your cup if you like to dunk. 
I'd give this place 5 stars but I'll hold off until I try the chicken.
If you prefer yeast based doughnuts rather than the cake kind you will probably not like this place as much. Coffee could stand out more but you hardly think about it as you're stuffing your face like Homer Simpson.Friendly staff employed at this location, helpful and fast service. The donuts taste great and look forward to visiting this location in the near future.These donuts with fried chicken have become my latest guilty pleasure.This guy has found the perfect time/temperature to deep fry chicken. Amazingly moist. Buttermilk flavor was ok but did not distract. Fresh donuts melt in your mouth day old still taste better than any donut you'd find anywhere else.There are very few places that live up to the massive hype surrounding them.  Federal Donuts joins that small list of places where the food matches its expectations.  This small corner-sized store owned by Michael Solomonov (Zahav, Percy St BBQ, Bodhi Coffee), is the latest addition to a series of local eateries that challenges the restaurant empires built by Stephen Starr and Jose Garces.
We went on a Sunday morning around 1230.  There were no lines, and there was plenty of the famous chicken available.  The BF and I split a vanilla lavender donut and a pomegranate nutella donut.  I got a half order of the Harissa Chicken, and he opted for the Chili Garlic.  We also got coffee, therefore trying each of the menu's three featured items: donuts, chicken, and coffee.  A small wait after we got our food and we sat down at one of the five counter seats inside.
The donuts are perfect: moist and cake like without being too heavy.  They're also sweet but not too sugary.  The chicken is also outstanding.  The outside is crisp and flavorful without being too crunchy, and the chicken on the inside is warm and juicy, with all of the flavor sealed in.  The coffee is also pretty terrific, but plays second fiddle to the donuts and chicken.
If you can go when there's not a serious line, it makes the experience all the more enjoyable.  The staff is super friendly and genuine; interested in making you feel comfortable and delivering to you a quality product.  The food is fantastic and it's a great neighborhood spot.  I would definitely come back to try all the donut flavors next time.The first thing I noticed about this place is no visa or master card logo in the window. Which made me wonder if it was cash only. Fortunately, if your like me, and only carry credit cards you can still buy fresh donuts. I like that they don't clutter their big windows with unnecessary decals. This place reminds of a 60's burger joint; from the counter tops to the made-to-order food. They take your order by hand, but ring you up using an ipad. I ordered a half dozen donuts: two of each kind. All this to say that I only paid $6 for a half dozen?? Not too shabby! So take it from me...this is a good place and you should check it out.  *da dun dun*Got there at 1130 and had to wait until 12 to get chicken. It was very expensive and came out half cooked. Over hyped.Our first visit here was also the first day they had the dinner service. There was a line of 10 ppl about 15 prior to opening. The line moved quickly and they were serving chicken only with a free donut for every half order.
The chicken: got a dry and a glazed half chicken, both very equally juicy and well fried.  However, I didn't realize there is a difference between "Half-chicken" and chicken wings only when you order the chicken until after I ordered.  The chicken wings tend to sell out first for some reason.  The frying style tries to copy that of Korean Bonchan chicken with a double fried style.
Donuts: not your fluffy 90% air filled donut like you see @ Dunkin, a donut came included with each half order of chicken and they were the plan kind (kinda sweet+sour) and had a solid consistency to it.  Definitely a unique taste.  They didn't have the fancy donuts during our Saturday dinner visit.
Service: friendly and plan on waiting 15-20 minutes for your order. There are newspapers around the restaurant you can read if you like.
Would definitely come back again!Its ok, donuts (hot) were not to bad. I ordered a dozen to go and no i didnt finish it myself, split a couple with friends. I still have some left. The honey donut that came with the chicken tasted funny like someone touched the chicken and then the donut not a pleasant smell or after taste. I split my chicken order into half and half. The Za'artar (it was ok slightly salty) and then the Chilli-Garlic that i really liked. Honestly, i am glad i came by, but wont go out of my way again. Service was very friendly and great.We were yelping for doughnuts and found Federal Doughnuts- great reviews so we went there but sad to say it was not the best
doughnut nor fried chicken we've had.
We got the following: raspberry glazed doughnut which we think is the best one,
tahini something, one with chocolate and another with tiny marshmallow and 2 gourmet. We also got Za'atar wings which was ok, buttermilk half chicken which is 
probably the best tasting one and the ginger
something which was bad ( we are Asians).
There is 4 of us, Two of us gave them a 3/5 and two gave a 2/5. For the doughnuts, imagine a box mix cake, fry them and make them greasy. It taste good but not great. The best doughnuts we've had is still from PitmanBakery in Pitman NJ which unfortunately have closed.I don't normally love fried chicken because the chain joints are usually just way too greasy. This fried chicken is definitely not that. Juicy chicken but not greasy at all. The za'atar spice is great and the honey donut that comes with it is the perfect compliment to the meal. Heck, even the pickles work perfectly. There's very little seating so get there early, be prepared to wait or just take the food to go. I've unfortunately never tried the fancy donuts because I'm not made of money but the fried chicken platter is great. I've been here a few times and it's always consistent.I've been dying to try Federal Donuts since they first opened their flagship location. So a few weekends back when we happened to be in the neighborhood, we finally had our chance! 
We walked into the small storefront and were greeted by a warm smile behind the counter. We settled on a half order of the buttermilk ranch chicken and six chili garlic style wings (which we were told were excellent choices btw.) The lovely lady behind the counter told us she'd cut us a break and just charge us for the whole chicken instead of two halves to save a buck. 
Then of course, we needed to decide on donuts. Lots of their specialty donuts were sold-out so we stuck with the classics. I ordered the Indian Cinnamon and Bry went with the Apollonia Spice, then as if our day couldn't get any better, the sweet lady behind the counter told us she would throw in the Vanilla Lavendar for free, just so we could try it! Bam! They just earned themselves a lifelong customer. The inside of the store is minimalist and charming, there are about six seats at the counter so if there is an open spot, snatch it up quick!
The buttermilk ranch was my absolute favorite. I loved the flavor and crispiness of the outside and the chicken was crazy moist on the inside. I've had dreams about it every night since I first got my hands on it. 
Please note: and we were newbies so we had no idea, with every order of chicken you get a tasty honey lemon donut to go along (pictured below.) It's really the perfect compliment to the chicken -- a little savory and a little sweet. If I had known that we might not have ordered three other donuts, but heck, you live and you learn.Really nice. We went for the fourth time today and for some reason it was crazy busy and they'd run out of all the special donuts by 1 pm (Sat). We've gone previous Saturdays at later times and they hadn't run out of things so quickly, so who knows.The perfect place to go for an indulgent Sunday morning. Hot and fresh donuts truly are that - made right when you order them! Warning about them: they're drowned in sugary goodness. Dont leave without getting at least one fancy donut. And you can't go wrong with a solid cup of coffee.Wow! This place is so amazing.  The blueberry and the cinnamon donuts are my favorites.  I am announcing a new weekly holiday called FEDERAL FRIDAY!I'd like to propose a change of name.
MAN TON DONUTS. 
As in "MAN, I'd like a TON o' these DONUTS"
(Or, since I'll probably be ordering 'em from Blake, "MA'AM, I'd like a TON o' these DONUTS.")
Yeah, that's the ticket.OMFG THESE DONUTS. I want them every day. 
I'd probably cry about it if I didn't live three blocks away.Delicious warm donuts that melt in your mouth. This is my 2nd time at this particular location and it was just as incredible as the first go 'round. The donuts were fresh and hot. The chicken (coconut curry) was crispy and aromatic. The service was quick and attentive. Mmm.I never had federal doubts before, seen they just put up this new location and decided to give it a try and I was not disappointed. 
As soon as I walked in I notice how clean it was, I could of ate off the floor no lie. The service was awesome. I walked up to the counter told they guy I never had federal  before and the dude started explaining things like I was at a gallery lol.  
I couldn't stay for them to cook some actual  food so I got 2 donuts.  At 2 dollars a pop it's definitely  the most expensive  donut  I've ever had.  Decide to go for the chocolate glaze and blackberry walnut. The donuts are amazing to compare these to anything else should be a crime. Chocolate glaze tasted so fresh I though I was eating home made chocolate cake.  The blackberry walnut so just as amazing never tasted anything like it. Will definitely be returning in the near future.federal donuts! after months of finally getting the energy to go, i went to federal donuts to try the much talked about donuts and fried chicken. the donuts were clearly very inventive and had put very interesting flavor combinations together. some were better than others. as for the fried chicken, it wasn't for me. i might have a lower salt threshold than most, as i found it to be too salty and therefore inedible. however, the chicken was not as greasy as you'd expect from fried chicken. i would go back to take out of town guests as its a local novelty.Oh their donuts are so good! Still have to try their fried chicken. Love that they are small and local and will take credit for any purchase. Coffee is good as well.The best Fried chicken ever! the donuts are pretty good tooYea, as good as it gets! The fancy donuts are easily my favorite.  I had a chocolate coconut one recently that point me into a state of bliss.  The fried chicken is to die for....literally! It feels like it's good for you only because it's so bad for you!  This is always a place to go if you want to impress family or friends who are looking for a dive.  Not much of a place to sit, but the chicken is worth sitting on the curb.  Get there early, because they sell out!Some of the best and most popular donuts in  Philly! You can't go wrong with either the freshly dipped sugar ones or the specialty flavored ones.
I live closer to the Sansom Street location but I prefer this Nolibs one (when I'm already in the car) because there is a generous amount of parking and the specialty donuts do not run out as fast. I've gone to the Sansom Street store towards the end of the day several times only to find out that there were out of the specialty donuts for the day :(
Haven't explored the chicken options yet, but I'm sure I will since the donuts just keep bringing me back. The coffee is average at best.Amazing amazing donuts like nothing you've ever had. always warm when you get them. both the plain ones and the special ones are great depending on how much you want to spend. 
Good coffee too. 
Haven't tried the fried chicken yet but plan to.I saw the store front and the building said "Coffee. Donuts. Chicken." how could i not go in?!!
The fried chicken is out of this world! I like their donuts... Very interesting combinations. I ordered one of each, and the flavors seem to be hit or miss but the ones i like were sooooo good!
I will definitely be back!!Went here when i was visiting Philly. I had to take an very early, long, and hung over bus ride to get here but it was worth it. They don't have the best system for getting you your chicken in a timely matter but I expected that. There donuts sell fast so you have to get there early. Honestly i prefer their hot donuts over their fancy ones but I like simple things. The chicken wasn't the greasy deep fried mess that i expected but  I still enjoyed it enough to eat 6 pieces of it.Came in on National donut day and sampled red velvet and churros. As usual, very fluffy and soft with perfect sweetnessGreat fried chicken and donuts, but not worth the hassle. Never on time with the chicken, as least the two times I've been here and grab ass customer service. It's chaotic and disorganized...pretty frustrating when all you crave is hangover grease.I don't really see what the big deal with this place is.   Their fancy donuts are incredibly sweet.   They seem like they're all just their basic cake donut with a lot of icing put on top.  They do make fresh to order donuts, which are either plan or come with flavored sugars.   Those are much better as they're not overly sweet.  
If you have a sweet tooth then maybe this is the place for you.Great chicken and donuts. Prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly. Only bad thing is if you are not there early you will not get chicken. So get there early and wait it is worth itLong trip for minimal satisfaction. To start... Federal sells two of my favorite foods. I LOVE donuts. I LOVE fried chicken. How could this be any less enjoyable than a free trip to DisneyWorld?
My six year old nephew was off from school for some unknown occasion, so we decided to go on an adventure. It was my understanding that chicken tickets were given out beginning at 10:45 (which made sense to me since the normal lunch rush is between 11am and 1pm), so we arrived around 10:30, appetites whetted.
Fail. 
Chicken tickets aren't available until 11:45.
I was slightly turned off by the very matter of fact "chicken's not til 11:45" response I received, rather than a mildly apologetic & explanatory "I'm sorry but our chicken isn't ready until noon," but I didn't come all that way for nothing (nephew lives in Cheltenham), so, we decided to order donuts.
Double fail.
Federal Donuts are fancy.
I had no prior knowledge of the menu, and came in with visions of some fantastically hefty, "old fashioned," "authentic" boston cream doughnut (yes, what i envisioned was a doughnut, not a donut) blessing my mouth and belly, and nephew just wanted a simple chocolate donut.
We sat down to eat our donuts (Appolonia Spice for me, chocolate raspberry for the little one), as I debated in my head whether or not I was willing to wait an hour for the chance to buy chicken.
The decision was made for me, as we were in the way of the people trying to put cream and sugar in their coffee, plus it began to get uncomfortable in the small space as more people trickled in to wait for chicken tickets. (You try hanging out in a silent room full of people with a 6yo.)
Ultimately, I thought my donut was pretty tasty, but after one bite, nephew decided to put his away "for later." He never even thought about that donut again, except to decline it when I offered it as an afternoon snack. I can't offer an opinion because I am repulsed by all things raspberry and didn't taste it.
As much as I wanted to love Federal Donuts, and wanted to adore the experience, the highlight of the day was nephew's excitement at seeing the NBCPhiladelphia van outside because we arrived as the Ten Show was wrapping.
Still mad I missed the chicken.What a wonderful addition to the Northern Liberties/Fishtown food scene!
I'd give it 5 stars except the chicken was just okay for my liking.  Don't get me wrong, the chicken is fresh out of the fryer and interesting, but it didn't excite me.  But keep the doughnuts coming!!!
Pros:
- Doughnuts are out of this world and FRESH!!!
- Place is new and clean
- Interesting dry rub and wet sauce on chicken
- Parking in both the lot or on the street
Cons:
- A bit pricey for doughnuts and chicken
- Chicken is okay, but not great (who can beat KFC or Churches)Just bit into my Chili Garlic glazed chicken. The taste was nice- just enough spice to tingle my tongue.  The texture- more like a wet towel.  The crunchiness of the chicken is lost in the glaze- kind of like my dignity while i waited in line.  The dude was giving out numbers and said i could only order one whole or a half portion per person- that's it. He said he had to be "fair."  Since when is capitalism "fair?" Sell me the freakin' chicken. However, now that i've had a taste, I realize he actually did me a favor. Im not saying it tastes bad- because it doesnt. Im saying that it's not bad fried chicken for 2nd and Federal/South Philly.  There are MUCH better fried chicken places in the city that dont come with the hype, the wait, and the little post-it notes with numbers. You cant just fry chicken and call it good "fried chicken." There is an expectation when someone says, "you want some fried chicken?"  And that expectation includes... a nice textured coating, some fundamental seasonings, the perfect amount of juiciness in every bite... and it most definitely includes a biscuit, some cornbread and a side of anything (Federal doesnt serve collards, yams, biscuits- just chicken and donuts).  So overall, I recommend you try it. It'll make you appreciate some West Philly joints a lot better. Try Roost in University City- now that is some nice friend chicken- and it comes with a biscuit.Awesome donuts. Unfortunately I got there too late for the specialty donuts, but the spiced donuts are still delicious! Get some chicken along with it. I really liked the spicy chicken. Can't remember the name of it, but it was a glaze, not a rub.
I wish I lived in Philly so I could go more often!This was my second time here. I can now say, I don't care for this place.
The donuts are "ok" flavor and quality. However the costs are through the roof. $2 for a sugar dusted donut?! The frosted is more expensive.
I also then ordered the fried chicken based on the photos posted. Scam. Don't do it. They gave me the smallest chicken pieces. The breast was the size of a tiny meatball. 
My sister tried them then said, "you should have gone to P*****'s chicken". She was right.
Also the fry cook gave me the stink eye when he gave me my food. Like a bro stare down, the f was that about???Interesting donut flavors, all are worth a try.  The chicken is fried to perfection and the sandwich is da bomb!  Seating is limited so it's more of a grab and go kind of place.  The seating they do have is basically bar stools against their counter top.Got the fresh cinnamon doughnuts and 6pc. Chicken wings. When they wrote "glazed"on the menu I thought it'd be a glaze but instead was a very vinegary glaze that I didn't like too much....but the wing itself was amazing! Loved it all.I had the buttermilk ranch dry chicken and an oatmeal raisin donut today.  AWESOME.  The guys are very nice in there and it was empty so I pulled down a stool and ate my dinner.  I had no idea you receive a honey donut and very small side of japanese pickles with the chicken so that was a pleasant surprise.  After eating, I couldn't help myself and bought 4 hot donuts, they gave me 6 just because, and I scarfed one down on my way out.  It literally felt like heaven in my mouth.So after all of the hype, I finally made it to this place.  Service was ok.  I tried the Banana, the watermelon/cucumber and one more that i cannot remember.  I didn't really like any of them.  I said I would go back to try the chicken and was told that that is not worth it.  However, I was also told that the hot donuts are waaaaay better.  So, if I'm in the neighborhood...YUM. Pretty much sums it up.  It's hard to beat a fresh donut that's made in front of you and served hot.  The fancy donuts are awesome too.  My favorites have been chocolate sea salt, dark chocolate glazed, and blueberry. The half chicken with buttermilk ranch dry seasoning was tasty and plenty to split with my boyfriend, especially since it came with a free honey donut.
This location is much larger and cleaner than the one in center city. The staff has always been super friendly.After months of anticipation, I finally got to Federal Donuts. And man, did they deliver. Every expectation I had set was blown away. The shop itself is perfect, with counter seating and a giant cold coffee drip contraption. I went on a Thursday around noon which was perfect timing; we got to sample the donuts and fried chicken!
We ordered Indian Cinnamon and Lavender Vanilla donuts. They came out piping hot and were the most scrumptious thing ever (next to the chicken, that is). My only complaint, and it is incredible slight, is that I wish there was a stronger lavender flavor in that donut. (Its one of my favorite flavors).
Next up was the chicken! We tried the Harissa. Holy cow! It was so frickin' good. The spice was perfect. The chicken was moist and not greasy at all. Just finger lickin' good. The chicken comes with house-made Japanese pickles which were light, spicy and awesome. I literally haven't stopped thinking about this meal. Mmmmmhhmmm.I wasnt surprised by the line of people going out the door of this tiny shop on Saturday morning.  They gave us tastes of the hot donuts while we waited to keep us happy.  We shared a key lime, raspberry nutella tahini and a hot cinnamon, too.  The hot donuts were definitely my favorite and absolutely worth the wait.YUMMY! stood in a not so long line and got several of the regular (not fancy) donuts.  had eaten most of them by the time i got to 8th and market. haven't had the chicken yet, but i'm sure its delicious!*******UPDATE**********went back and had the chicken, was delish.  had to stand in line and get a number and wait a bit, but it was kind of worth it.Finally, I got a chance to make it Federal Street Donuts!  I have been hearing about this place for some time now though various media coverage.   I did not arrive there until 2pm in the afternoon, which led to anticipation and anxiety.  Both of these emotions were from hoping they were open, not sold out of donuts or Fried Chicken, and hoping that the line would not be too long.   They were sold out of their Fancy donuts, but they had plenty of their Hot Fresh donuts, which come in three flavors: Appollonia, Indian Cinnamon, and Vanilla-Lavender.  I was super geeked that they still had chicken.   
I ordered each flavor of the Hot Fresh donuts and I ordered a half of chicken, which consist of a breast split in half, one drumstick, and one thigh.  You have the option of putting a dry rub or a wet rub on your chicken.  Torn between the dry rub and the wet rub, I went with my first inclination and ordered the harrissa dry rub. 
On the surface, chicken and donuts seem like an odd combination, but they pair together well, just like chicken and waffles.   The fried chicken is Korean-style, which made it super crunchy, and the donuts were warm and delicious.  I can see why this place is so popular.  They serve up donuts and chicken that is different from the norm.Coming from a non coffee drinker, their coffee is straight up remarkable. Get it black to taste the flavor. 
Apparently they add coco nibs and a gazillion other awesome things to the coffee for robustness and wow factor :)This is the quintessential fried chicken sandwich. Fried-to-order, potato roll, pickles, cheese, and special sauce. It could be bigger, but then there wouldn't be room for donuts. All of the sugar donuts are my favorite, again, made-to-order. Great coffee and natural sodas.one of the best donuts around this area. i always try to make a pit stop if i'm in the area, and i dont even live anywhere close to philly! 
the best is when its HOT HOT HOT right off the conveyor belt! i always grab a 1/2 dozen of the normal donuts (2 of each kind: strawberry, cookies n cream, cinnamon sugar) for around $7 ish bucks. 
i've had their "specialty" donuts too, and they're LEGIT too!!! 
PROTIP: ask them in advance to put it in the box or else it'll come all jumbled up in the bag, and then the grease leaks through the bag
PROTIP: if you use the bag, make sure you ask for a plastic bag to put around it so the grease doesnt leak through in your car
highly highly recommended donuts! chicken is not bad, but i'd rather spend my $$ on the donuts!Visited Philly with a friend whose family lives down the street from Federal....OMG sooooo delicious and fresh! The chicken sandwich was out of this world. Also tried the churro donut and banana creme pie donut which were both delicious. Plenty of parking on a Friday late afternoon- could definitely see myself getting a dozen donuts for the weekend if I lived closer. Please open a location in DC! The service was great also!I love fried chicken and this place has some awesome fried chicken.  I'd say it is now #2 on my all-time favorite fried chicken places after Uncle Remus' Chicken in Chicago.This review is for the donuts, I don't know about the chicken. Originally I was thinking of going to the one on South 2nd street, but I saw that they were going to close very soon so I went to the one up north instead because these guys close later. I walk in and the place was completely empty, which I found surprising. So I ask the pleasant girl behind the counter if there were any more of the blueberry mascarpone donuts (how baller does that flavor combo sound), but they were sold out. They also didn't have any more cold brew coffee either, which was a bummer. She said the lemon creme hot donuts are her favorite, so I go with that one and also ask for a cinnamon brown sugar one.  After waiting a few minutes, I received my hot donuts, and they were great. They even threw in a couple of extra ones. Man, I didn't realize how much better the texture of a donut is when it's fresh. I did not find them too greasy, but it's true that the texture does change after a short while. A couple things to note: each location of Federal Donuts has a different menu of fancy donuts, so it's advisable to check the menu on the website before you go. Also, the lemon creme donut is quite flavorful, but there's really no creme filling. So all in all, I was satisfied. I live right near The Doughnut Plant in the LES of NYC, so I'd like to think I know a quality donut when I taste one, and this place holds its own.S'mores Donut: Fantastic, even a bit salty.  Huge fan.
Blueberry Lemon Donut: Unsuccessful, just too tart I think.
Coffee?  Delicious.
Chances of me going back and trying every other donut?  100%.I've tried the donuts at Federal Donuts on a couple of occasions now, and haven't been particularly impressed.  Maybe I'm wrong, but it seems that every donut is made from the same base donut dough.  I guess that I was hoping for more flavor in the actual dough.  It's all been kind of blah.  I'd eat it again, but wouldn't go out of my way.  I've had better at Frangelli's, where the donuts are cheaper.I just wanted to pass along some positive feedback regarding my experience at one of your locations yesterday. 
My 2 year old and I came into the 7th Ave location to purchase some doughnuts for a dinner party. The staff was so awesome! The service was fast and friendly, the doughnuts were delicious, and the two women working in the front were very sweet to my overly excited daughter (she loves doughnuts). I can't count the number of businesses I've been to in Philadelphia where, unfortunately, staff sees you walk in with a toddler and immediately treats you differently, like you are an inconvenience. The staff at your 7th Ave location were so nice and the main reason why we had such a positive experience.
Thank you!Some of the best doughnuts I've ever had! The flavors change often but I haven't had a bad one yet, even the plain honey doughnut is just right. The fried chicken is good too but the doughnuts are really the star item here. Coffee is top-notch too. Worth the wait in line if its crowded when you go.If fried chicken can change world views or bring peace, love, and understanding to our planet -- this is the chicken that will do it.  Specifically, the chile-garlic-glazed chicken is the chicken that will do it.  If this place opened an outpost up in Center City near the office towers, it'd make a billion dollars.Beat fried chicken sandwich I'v ever had! Chicken was cooked perfectly, sauce had some kick, pickles were a nice touch and the roll was soft and fresh! This sandwich blows away Chick Filet!Finally took the opportunity to try this place today since the location is much more convenient than those in center city, making parking a non-issue. It's clean and neat, service is fast and friendly. Their menu is not the most diverse out there, but sometimes less is more when you want to be in and out quickly without agonizing over three or four pages of options.
I'll say right off the bat that this place is pricey: $2.50 per doughnut and almost $10 for four pieces of chicken. That said, the chicken is moist, tender and juicy with a perfectly satisfying crunch. You have several choices of dry and glazed flavorings; we went with honey ginger (glaze) and buttermilk ranch (dry). Both were great but I especially liked honey ginger.
The doughnuts left me a bit underwhelmed. I tend to dislike cake doughnuts to begin with, so that may factor into my opinion. I tried grapefruit brle and lemon ricotta. The first was definitely the better of the two, slightly more tart than sweet but still good. The glaze tasted a bit burnt towards the middle but this didn't bother me since it was minimal. The lemon, on the other hand, didn't taste much like lemon (just sweet) and there was zero evidence of ricotta.
Based on the expense, I wouldn't make this place a habit, but it's certainly a nice spot to drop by for a quick lunch and some sweets.Fried chicken here are the bomb dot com!! So crispy and flavorful, I got the half chicken with Za atar seasoning and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to try federal donuts wings! I can't believe it took me all my life to finally try federal donuts. Federal donuts is worth the hype. Since I can't later in the day they were out of the fancy donuts so we just got one of each of the old fashion ones. The strawberry lavender was my favorite since it had a sweet taste to it. The donuts came out fresh and hot so you definitely want to eat it shortly.This was my first time visiting federal donuts and it was great!! I got the buttermilk ranch chicken and coffee.  This was some of the best coffee I've had! Yummo!!Federal Donuts is a real BAMF, the rare kind where it packs a wallop and you go home and think that your insides might never recover again.
After hearing for weeks about the mad hype of FD, coworkers and I deliberately planned a lunch excursion to try and score us some good lunch.  A forty-block drive and some sweaty palms later, we managed to score a few boxes of chicken, bags of donuts, and several smiles from the counter staff.  (They probably see this insanity all the time.)
Talk about kids in a candy store -- we were gleefully bouncing up and down on the drive back to work.  An hour later, work productivity went completely down the toilet.  Blame it on the amazingly crispy skin, the tenderness of the chicken, or the honey-glazed donut and Japanese pickles that accompany the lunch.  The za'atar chicken sent us out of work mode and into a serious food coma for the rest of the afternoon.
And don't even get me started on the donuts.  I'm pretty sure these donuts would send half my office into happy seizures during staff meetings.  As crazy as donuts like pomegranate-nutella-tehina and dulce de leche + blood orange sound... oh man, Federal Donuts know what they're doing, and they aren't shy about it either.
Utterly worth the long drive... and many others to come!One of my favorite spots in Philadelphia thus far. I've been coming to this place for years and I never get tired of it. The concept of Chicken and Donuts together is amazing. The sweetness of the Donuts and then taking a bite of the chicken is something I can't explain. I come on Saturday's in the afternoon and it's always pleasant. I usually go to the store directly across and get something to drink then order my food. The customer service is always great especially if you're indecisive on a Donut lol. My favorite thing right now is the chicken sandwich. I think it's way better than Chic fil a. It's juicy, and the rooster sauce sets it off. I love this place, just wished there was even more locations!I have a problem.
I've only been to Federal Donuts ONCE yet have already had THREE separate whimsical reveries concerning these exquisite "holes-in-one".
Oh, shit.
The "hot donuts" may, in fact, be habit-forming - made to order & handed to you warm, soft and with that perfect melt-in-your-mouth consistency. The aroma alone is enough to put you into a state of prolonged food coma.
I eagerly devoured crystal-covered vanilla lavender and indian spice rings of heaven. Both were absolutely divine (although I liked the vanilla lavender just a PINCH better).
The "fancy donuts" (which are pre-made yet still out of this world), are flawlessly decorated and presented in various exotic flavors including chocolate spicy peanut, passionfruit poppy, apple-cinnamon walnut, grapefruit brown sugar, caramel-banana etc etc. I sampled the grapefruit brown sugar which had a very unique flavor - much fruitier than I expected. I also tasted the more "traditional" apple-cinnamon-walnut variety which was the consummate combination of sweet and fruity & generously topped with apple crumbles.
These alongside my freshly-brewed cup of green tea made for quite the breakfast of champions.
I can hardly wait to venture back to try the newly-added chicken wings option (the 5PM weekend timeslot will finally make this possible!).
A solid 5 stars from this girl.Really great donuts and coffee that saved my life from the murky mire of a wicked hangover....also, the girls' hair looked really great this morning.Federal Donuts, where the donuts and chicken are hot and the staff is hotter.
All of the forces of chaos combined, have kept me from trying out the best new eatery in Philly but recently, they became confused on the way to my house and I was able to slip through, like just about any Running Back through the Eagles soft defense.
I had heard the horror stories, of how the clamoring masses have stacked body upon body, in their attempts at getting themselves a shiny donut or chicken part. I'm not good in crowds so I tried to time my arrival accordingly(around 10:30am). SUBURBAN COMMUTER NOTE: I parked on the far side of Washington, thinking there would be no space available, but upon my trek over, noticed ample spots, just a block away.
Upon my arrival, there was already a small group present. Those last vestiges of the morning rush combined with the early chicken go getters and I , in my arrogance, considered myself an equal member of both camps. I immediately took in the familiar and inviting faces of Blake and Felicia. They were busy but I couldn't help but think that they considered this their " down time". 
Here's the part of every one of my reviews, where I make an ass of myself. I was invited to take a seat at the counter. When I got there, there was counter space but no seat. I stood (happily) and watched the goings on. After a few minutes, Felicia came out to gently explain to me that the stools pull out and she" pulled out my stool " (sorry). You'd think someone who grew up with transformers would have figured it out, but ill blame the fact that I had been up since 4am.
Once properly seated, I was able to enjoy the best coffee and donuts the city (world) has to offer. I advise anyone to skip their usual cream and sugar and experience the flavor of that coffee raw. really good stuff. Granted, I was a little late to get the donuts fresh from the fryer, but damn, were they still the best I'd had and as a baker, Ive eaten cake donuts right out of the fryer before.
I may have missed the hot donuts but my arrival meant I was one of the first to get a golden ticket for chicken. I was also lucky enough to have an eating companion there, who offered a mix and match scenario with the chicken so I was able to try both the Chili Garlic and the other (whose name I forget but it was the dry rub one). Both rocked my world and were just as good leftover later that night.
In my time at FD, I witnessed a staff that was  amazing. Blake was a fountain of donutcoffeechicken information, Felicia was the perfect "face" of the Front of the house and the BOH staff were a grim lesson in startling efficiency and ingenuity. The magic that they work in that small space was impressive. Unfortunately, there was a computer malfunction, that threatened to bring down the store's mojo. Skynet is truly taking over. Yet I watched these heroes, power through the hurdle like pros as the patient masses accepted the situation with quiet reverence, knowing that they have a good thing going here and to complain would kill it.
I will cop to being a personal friend to a few of the staff here, but that should take nothing away from my great experience. There's a simplicity to Federal Donuts that will keep this endeavor afloat for as long as it wants to be. I propose to all national sports coverage, that henceforth, you can quit the cloying shots of louts making cheesesteaks in your cutaway shots and get a camera in FD, to show the real working class spirit of Philadelphia and foods that are actually appetizing. If only they could fit a camera in there....If your gonna do fried chicken, u minas well do it right.  Never have I ever seen so many varieties... Tried the Buttermilk Ranch and Harrissa dry rubs; would recommend both.. The honey donut was also "amazing" as promised.  Was also a fan of the no frills ambiance.The first time I heard of Federal Donuts, I knew it was Philly only thing and just thought they were just one of the many superb bakeries in the city. Much to my surprise, they're not just a great donut shop, but also one of the best fried chicken joints in the city. 
Now I've had fried chicken from the south all the way to the motherland of Kentucky. And Federal Donuts has found a way to capture what a delicious fried chicken should be like: Crispy, but not too oily skin, juicy meat that easily strips off the bone, and freshly made to order unlike the fried chicken that sits under heat lamps for hours on end. 
In addition to their perfectly fried chicken, they also have their own twist. Exotic and robust seasoning additions that bring the experience to a whole other level. They have a middle eastern seasoning that is to die for. What a great subtle way to diversify this typical American cuisine. 
In addition to ordering a half or whole chicken, you'll also get a homemade plain donut which is equally as appealing and sure to satisfy any sweet tooth. The rich doughy complexity is sometime you'll only find at high quality bakeries, glazed with a syrup that just bursts throughout your palate when you bite in. Oh boy this is not a healthy meal whatsoever, but this is one of the most indulging experiences you have to try at least once.
This particular location is located near northern liberties, has its own parking spots and is a very bright and beautiful alcove found in the middle of the residential urban row homes. Come for breakfast, lunch or brunch, the interior is just as beautiful as the exterior and the place gets excellent sunlight as well.How can I describe federal donuts? Hmmm hot, cheep, delicious, and addicting. I'm tempted to drive 2 hours again from nj to Philly just to eat more!!! They make the signature donuts to orde so u get the freshest thing ever all hot in your mouth. .. sounds sick i know... but go if u want to get hooked. The staff is awsome.Federal Donut is the bomb dot com.  I had the buttermilk ranch dry-rubbed chicken. I can honestly say that it was some of the best fried chicken i have ever had. The pickles were similarly amazing.  I also had a lavender sugar donut and an indian spice donut, both were unique and simply delectable. The menu is small but what they do, they do well.
Counter space is limited, so be ready to grab and go. It's cool place to eat at the counter if you are lucky enough to grab one of the precious seats.The food is pretty great. They serve chicken and donuts and it was a very tasty meal. The ambiance is very nice too. I would definitely come back again.  Docking 1 star due to the service/disorganization behind the counter. I also wouldn't recommend the coffeeDelicious! but WAY too expensive. $20 for a dozen donuts! $17 for a chicken?
You're out of your mind. Won't be going back.Forget chicken and waffles, you can get chicken and donuts. Chicken with different spices and flavors but you will have to wait until after 10am or was it 11am. We were here really early and it was a waiting game. So we wait with coffee in one hand and a few donuts in the other. No really, a few donuts because eating just one would be stupid. The creativity and presentation of these donuts are amazing. I liked the grapefruit donut in the way it looked and  tasted it Citrus-y and sweet and not as tart as you would imagine a grapefruit would have been. Many donuts to choose from and different glazes but the grapefruit one stood out the most to me which is why I remember it so vividly.
Went to this place last year in July as it was on Carrie's bookmarks.I doubt it was the fried chicken with many different flavors to choose from was the reason for our visit. Besides the GPS directions being called out, all we get is Federal Donuts. Who knew anything about fried chicken besides the locals who come here all the time. There's only four seats so take your food outside. There's a long red bench to share but you don't have to share your donuts. Forget about trying to find parking. You can always park in front of the fire hydrant like this lady did. She walked in like a boss, ordered, waited, grabbed her order, walked out, hopped in her car and left. Just make sure you carpool, one hops out and one waits in the car or circle the blocks. Just share your chicken so you can have more donuts. 
Happy National Donuts Day!! #NationalDonutsDayYes I will be the 115 person who has written a review and given it 5 stars the doughnuts are that damn good. No one goes to 2nd and federal EVER unless they are hitting up Federal doughnuts.
I didn't get a chance to see Blake F in all her doughnut glory when I stopped in Sunday afternoon but the cinnamon doughnut pumped me back up for a Sunday funday in no time.
I wouldnt make a special trip but would partake in the eating of these doughnuts any day5 stars for the donuts, 3 stars for the chicken.
Went at 9 AM on a Sunday, got 1 fig-on-fig, 1 indian cinnamon, and 1 strawberry rhubarb donut.  The indian cinnamon was 1 of 3 donuts they make hot upon request, the other 2 were part of the pre made batch that runs out eventually.
The hot donut was one of my favorite cake donuts ever -- moist, tasty, and the indian cinnamon spice complemented the donut flavor well.  The fig-on-fig had a good subtle fig flavor.  The strawberry rhubarb was good but a bit sweet for my taste.
Returned at 11:45, got a number and waited until 12:20 for my half order of fried chicken with Zatar spice. The spices were ok but the  chicken was dry. Compared to other fried chicken this one ranks medium-low on taste and high on hype.
The staff here is really nice, crazy efficient.  They manage to stay calm and keep lines moving amid the donut/chicken frenzy. Also while waiting for chicken they handed out hot donut samples.
Would recommend the donuts, skip the fried chicken.I go to Philly every so often with my partner, friends, family etc. it's my home away from home. I really don't know how federal donuts' plan is not replicated in someway shape or form in more shops across the country. 
Just read the review(or 2) under mine, complaining about this place's politics. I'm not liberal in anyway shape or form, but writing a bad review because you don't support someone's mindset is laughable. 
Come on dude, let the masses enjoy (literally) fresh donuts, dished up by some of the best food service employees  I've seen. 
I don't care how much I've eaten, I'll do an extra 5 mile jog to enjoy anything from the MS food group.Believe the hype. The best donuts you will ever have. Dense, cakey, moist, and hot n fresh. Run, don't walk!
P.S. Matt H has rated Papa Johns 5 stars and Wawa 1 star, sooo...I'm a fan because the donuts are just exquisite - I can still remember the lavender and cinnamon flavors. The coffee is good too. We didn't try the chicken, but I'd like to go back for that. 
The only downside - its so tiny that you have wait, and also I found the some of the staff a bit too preoccupied in their own conversation.Came here late, so there was no fancy donuts left. However, I did end up getting the strawberry lavender and a order of the honey ginger wings. I've always heard about how great this place is, and it was not a disappointment. The donuts came out hot, which made them even more enjoyable. Overall the donut was good, but it could have been better with less sugar and more strawberry lavender flavor. The chicken was delicious. The skin was crispy and had just enough flavoring. It was also cooked perfectly as well. One thing that did bother me was the amount of chicken feathers left on the chicken wings. 
There is inside seating, although it is limited. The staff there is very nice and attentive. One thing to note is that there is no bathroom, only a sink to wash your hands!Good cake donuts. Coffee is basic but enjoyable and goes well with the donuts. Not many places to sit.Not sure what all the hype is about this place. Very over rated. Dried-out fried chicken covered with a dusty mess on top. The donuts were barely edible. Lots of food coloring and fake flavors. The service was good, though, and we liked the counter stools. Good thing the parking was free on the street.Best Donuts Ever! Well, I only have them, Dunkin, Krispy Kreme and those ones you can get from the supermarket to go by so I'm no expert but from what I've tried from them. I love!
I have worked at Dunkin before, so I have sampled a lot of donuts but I have never had a fresh hot one in my life. You can see the staff prepare them freshly in the back, fried in the machine and then roll them into lavender-vanilla sugar while they are still hot. Super yummy and reasonably priced. My only regret is that I don't live down the street or like waking up early.
Fancy donuts doesn't come warm. (duh!) And they are pricier but well worth it. My favorites are the french toast donut and the turkish coffee one. Basically if it sounds good to you, try it. I'm sure you won't regret it. I bought a few dozens for my office and everyone loves them. 
One thing though: the fancy donuts might run out before the day ends, so make sure you get here early. the regular donuts may last until early afternoon.Took my employees here for breakfast and I've gotta say, they def live up to the hype. The donuts are mad fresh right behind the counter all day so you can see and the chicken is nice and juicy. I highly recommend trying the best donut in philly!Delightful find!  We stumbled across this earlier today because we were waiting for the Edgar Allan Poe house to open and I am happy we did! The cinnamon & sugar donuts are made to order - so they are hot & fluffy, fresh out of the fryer.  Decent cold brew coffee.  
Once we were there, I remembered hearing about it from the food network, so it is cool to go somewhere that highly recommended. 
Lives up to the hype - I definitely recommend.Curry fried chicken is the best! I am not a fan of cake doughnuts so that really needs to change.I love this place! The key is their spice blends.. which is why I'll always go for the hot, fresh doughnuts over their fancies.  The Apollolina doughnut is my favorite.  Not only is it delicious but the aroma from the spices is so inviting. The Vanilla Lavender is automatic but not overpowering with the lavender. All other doughnuts now seem sub-par.
  The discussion of best fried chicken brings up all kinds of arguments but hands down, their Za'atar fried chicken is, for me, the best.  The skin is super crispy and the flavor packs a punch. I think the skin almost shields the chicken from getting dry. The chicken is super juicy and moist.. I can't get enough. The plain honey doughnut that comes with the chicken is sweet but not overly so, and it compliments the crispy, juicy chicken. 
I now live on the West Coast and I really need them to start shipping.Donuts are decent (but honestly taste more like fried dough than a donut), but are WAY overhyped and overpriced.  I guess it gets the advantage of unique flavors, but the true sign of good donuts is when the basic plain ones taste outstanding, which does not happen here. But I guess this day in age, where the nearest donut competitor is Dunkin Donuts, anything seems great. I much prefer old-school classic donuts, like at  Beilers in RTM, or at Shady Maple Farm Market out in Lancaster County. To each their own I guess.The donuts were delicious!!  I got the daily specials so it was freshly fried and rolled in cinnamon and sugar. super yummy. The chicken were a little disappointing.  I was number 14 since they do not start taking orders until noon.  I got a half a chicken order with chili-garlic glaze.   It was not as crispy or yummy as the hype was.  I thought it was kind of dry and not that good.   the best part of the whole chicken ordering ordeal was that it came with a fresh yummy tart tasting donut (probably some lemon glaze).  Summary: go for the donuts but the chicken is nothing special.  Maybe the dried topping on the chicken is better than the wet glaze and I will try that next time.we've all heard of chicken-n-biscuits and chicken-n-waffles but chicken and donuts? where did this come from? although it definitely sounds strange, it works! ever since this location opened i had been dying to stop in and try it but my schedule makes me me a night owl and this place doesnt have late hours. so yesterday i finally managed to get by there during the day with a friend. it was about 3pm on a sunday afternoon and the place was empty. i thought to myself, "this could be a good or bad sign."we were greeted by a really friendly girl at the counter who explained the very basic menu of well, chicken and donuts. what really makes this place unique is their choice of seasonings and glazes for the chicken. 
we decided to order a whole chicken and went with half sweet soy garlic and the other half honey garlic. omg, best fried chicken i ever had. tender, moist, juicy, perfect crunch on the outside. just all around good. i will absolutely be going back for more. the donut was sort of an old fashioned type with some type of really sweet glaze. it was soft and fresh and complimented the meal. this place rocks. highly recommend.Friendly service and delicious unique donuts!!I love Federal Donuts! Every time I stop into this location, I am greeted with a friendly smile and pleasant conversation. The coffee here is great, and my favorite donut is the cookies and cream. The girl behind the counter is helpful and knowledgeable about each donut. There are so many great donuts to choose from and sometimes I can't decide. Stop in to this location and you won't be disappointed!We went to FedNuts on a Saturday afternoon, and I was thrilled that they still had chicken available! We ordered two half-orders: Za'atar and Buttermilk Ranch. Both were delicious and heavy on the rub and flavoring. The meat was juicy, and I think they achieved what they intended. 
As mentioned in other reviews, though, this is Korean-style chicken, and I have to admit I prefer the traditional approach with the buttermilk flavor. The pickles weren't up my alley so much, which is not to say that they weren't good for those who like the sweet and strongly flavored. Though the plain honey donut was as good as you could hope.
For the flavored donuts, we tried the strawberry-rhubarb, pomegranate-Nutella, Appollonia, and Indian cinnamon (I think! They disappeared rather quickly.). All were good, though my favorite was the Appollonia--the perfect mix of sugar and spice (cocoa, spices, orange?). They were consistently moist and fresh, with a perfect cake-like texture and donut-level chewiness. Definitely wished that this place was closer for the morning donut pick-me-up!
Four stars instead of five since the fancy donuts aren't cheap (for donuts--$2 each--which is not to say the quality's not worth it) and the Southern girl in me doesn't find fried chicken completely satisfactory without some kind of traditional side. (I know, I know! It's not the the place's mission! But still!)Finally had the opportunity to have federal donuts. Stopped in real quick and grabbed two popular donuts just to see what they were all about: strawberry lavender and cinnamon brown sugar. These are not your ordinary yeast donuts, they are more like cake. I waited a couple minutes for the lady to make them to order - so they were fresh and hot. Definitely delicious flavor and consistency, I think I like the yeast style s little better! But if you have a sweet tooth and are in center city - give it a shot!!The donuts absolutely live up to the hype. I actually tried Federal Donuts (fried chicken and a honey donut) for the first time at CBP last year and was completely underwhelmed. Gave them a second chance today on my way to the office and I'm glad I did. They're very fresh and bursting with flavor. There wasn't a bad one in the batch.So this is the best donut place I've ever been to period. Fresh batter donuts, not raised style, great coffee and I hear the chicken is good too. 
My only qualm is that they open @ 7am. Blue collar guys like me get started earlier so it can only be a weekend treat for me unless I'm working a job nearby. Which I am. Which is why I'm writing this right now waiting for them to open. 
Just seems un-American to keep donuts from the salt of the earth like myself. 
Throw the workin man a bone Federal!Having lived in cities that define themselves by their d-nuts (Portland, LA - proud to be Dunkin' Free) and now Philly with their Feds, I have become an expert in the field of Expectation Management. What is said about the cities "Best Donuts" might just be a mouthful of overtly sugary wreckage. 
Federal keeps it consistent. The same block of dough for every doughnut. You decide whether this is boring or not. I will tell you that they have nailed this dough. It's what cake doughnuts should be - a slightly airy crumb bite that gives you the false impression you could eat 6 and still not be full. The coatings and icings get all the jazzing up, which is fun. Adventurous flavors like watermelon cucumber lime and strawberry ginger icing or sugar coatings - lavender sugar? Yes!
While I wouldn't break my neck or stand in line for more than 10 minutes for some Federal Donuts, I could eat one every other day and be very happy (and without rotting teef). they are delicious and are best in class for cake doughnuts. 
Good stuff on the d'nuts Philly. I like your style.I'm a sucker for donuts, especially hot ones and the nuts @ the Fed sure fit the bill. 
I walked into this itty bitty place FILLED with people just WAITING for chicken haha.. luckily at noon I was still able to get some fresh hot donuts. SCORE!
THOSE DONUTS WERE DELICIOUS! I'm usually not into cakey donuts, more a yeasty girl myself, however these donuts proved to me that cakey donuts can still be light, airy, and amazing fluffy! nice, Nice and NICE!
no grease like after taste that can typically come with the cakey nut, and that made me giddy! I tried the vanilla and lavender donuts. ( wait I may be wrong but one of those donuts was lavender, perhaps the other was cinnamon) either way they both were worth GFO.. aka getting fat over :D
the staff definitely works hard and the finished product proves it.
I'm definitely a fan of being able to see EVERYTHING that's going on within the kitchen. 
Way to go Fed donuts, it's unfortunate that you are quite so far away, but I'm sure my pants are very thankful because I am very capable of developing a donut addiction.Just recently experienced the Korean Fried Chicken trend. Glad it caught on because Solomonov takes the idea in a whole new direction with Middle Eastern/African influences. Never thought of the Chicken and waffles chains as a positive but an order of Harissa spiced chicken and warm donut from FEDNUTS and I see why they are so popular in the south. Arrive early for chicken Noon, earlier for the specialty donuts 6am. Because when they are out, they are out...and closed!Every time we come to town, Federal Donuts is on our list of must eats. The donuts are made fresh on the spot for you. Some of the fancier options are overkill- you can never go wrong with the traditional cinnamon and brown sugar. Can't compare to Dukin Donuts.m, completely different level!I know, I know, this place is known for their donuts AND/WITH fried chicken. Welllll, as big of a foodie as I am, I just couldn't bring myself to have a heart attack at 10 in the morning. Sorry, FeDonuts (ya, I just gave you a nickname). Maybe next time? Maybe when I'm hungover or have drunchies? Definitely think FeDonuts should have some late-night opening hours - pretty sure it would be poppin'!
Onto the donuts! I'm not even a huge fan of donuts, to be completely ... heretical-ly ... honest. But these donuts, man. I loooOOoOoOoved the hot donuts! They fry them on the spot, so they come out to you all warm and soft and doughy. The regular donuts are just as good, too, though - don't you worry! The donuts aren't too sweet or too heavy. I think it has to do with the size? They're not as large and dense as other donuts. Larger is not always better ;) I've been here twice and they offered a different assortment of donuts. I'm guessing they switch it up every couple of days, or maybe even every day? But here's what I've tried, categorized into the yum, the meh, and the oops:
YUM (strong flavors, light, tasty): cookies and cream, sticky bun, blueberry, cinnamon, and vanilla lavender (there was an actual stick of lavender sticking out from one of the donuts lol cute)
MEH (weak flavors, okay): banana, peanut butter chocolate (couldn't taste the pb at all)
OOPS (interesting but it just didn't work): strawberry ginger, lucky peach
As for the actual place, it's small and there really isn't a lot of seating. Pretty sure there's only five seats that you pull out from under the counter. It's neat. But don't expect to sit and eat here during peak hours.Markedly less busy and overwhelming than its sister site on Sansom in Center City, this Federal Donuts still offers up amazingly delicious donuts.  My go tos have always been the Peanut Butter Malt (because what is better than Peanut Butter on a donut?) from the Fancy Donut selection and Strawberry Lavender from the Hot Fresh collection.  But, seriously, you cannot go wrong with anything you pick.
Celebrating a friend's birthday, consider preordering some Federal Donuts!  Just make sure you put the order in by their 24 hour cut off.  They have the donuts ready at their promised time and you'll be on your way.Been living in south philly for the longest time and I always hear about how good federal donuts are. So finally about 6 yrs later, drove 2 mins( literally not far at all from where I live) and got a blueberry mascarpone donut. The donut was freshly made , very moist and delicious!!! Don't know why it took me so long to come here to try it. The place is not so big but the people are friendly and welcoming.  I will definitely come here more often now.Have been wanting to try these doughnuts for quite some time. This morning I was finally able to try them, and was not disappointed. 
We walked in and were greeted by the friendliest young lady, she explained to us the different types of doughnuts and was very personable. We decided on these specialty doughnuts, chocolate eclair, lemon meringue, glazed and black and white. We also purchased three daily doughnuts, strawberry lavender, vanilla spice and brown sugar. 
They were all incredible! We loved them! The favorites were chocolate eclair, lemon meringue and brown sugar. We also grabbed coffee which was excellent as well. 
We will definitely be back again for the doughnuts and also to try some fried chicken!I can only comment on the donuts ( didn't have any chicken) and they were AMAZING!!! We came at around 4 pm, so the specialty donuts were sold out, but we got a dozen regular donuts and split those between lemon, vanilla, and brown sugar cinnamon. All were still warm, fresh made, and glorious!
The only reason for FOUR stars is these donuts don't keep well. Once they have cooled their texture becomes very dry.Chicken was really small and was over seasoned. Don't know what all the hype is about.The maple bacon donut was good, but where's the bacon? I was expecting a nice piece (or crumbles maybe?) of some thick sliced bacon on the top, but it was MIA. It did taste of bacon though... witch craft. 
We got a recommendation to arrive well before the 11:45am chicken cut off to get a seat, eat donuts and wait it out for the chicken, but the place filled up fast around 11am when we arrived. Also, what looks like ample seating on the website is in reality six seats at the bar and two other small built-in benches. 
Lack of seating aside, you'll definitely get service with a smile: get ready for free samples, chatting with your kids, dancing at the register, etc. I probably would have really admired this personal vibe in the usually not-so-personal city of brotherly love, but in the cramped quarters with a mounting line it didn't strike me as efficient. Turns out we didn't wait for the chicken.
Tip: You can't place an order for chicken until 11:45am on the dot (even if you're there early), and at that point they said it takes about 5-10 minutes to fry some up especially for you.Simply said BEST DONUTS in Philly. I definitely  prefer this location over the center city location.  If looking for great donuts toys is your placeI only gave them 3 stars not because of the service but because of the food. While it wasn't horrible it wasn't what I expected. The donuts were more like super sweet cake. I got the strawberry lavender, honey, and butter pecan donuts as well as the order of 6 wings. A variety of wet and dry seasonings were offered, however I ordered my wings plain just in case I wasn't a fan of the seasoning. I did however get two seasonings on the side. Unfortunately it didn't help the wings out any. For one the wings had way to much breading on them and not the right breading for authentic southern fried chicken (in my opinion). The donuts were more like a cake consistency but were way to sweet. I honestly have had better donuts while visiting A well known donut spot in Reading Terminal Market. The best part about visiting here was the service. I was waited on by Ally who was wonderful. She could tell it was my first time here and she was very helpful at suggesting as well as offering a sample or two for me to try. I waited a long time to go here but will not return. This is one time the tv show that featured them got it wrong. Sorry !!!!Until I had Federal Doughnuts, I never craved doughnuts. Now I crave these gems. They are fresh and tasty. I had the black cherry doughnuts. Really yummy. Now I buy them for my customer's and deliver them regularly because they are not run of the mill. It's a much more enjoyable doughnut than anything the guys at Dunkin ever thought of creating.Walk in, go to the counter, and grab a number.  Don't stand by the door and wait for 10 minutes like I did.  Once they call your number, you go to the counter and place your chicken order.  At 12:30 on a Friday, it was a bit packed, but the wait wasn't terrible.  By 1:15 the place had cleared out and I was able to get seats at the counter.
I got the chili-garlic glazed fried chicken.  It was pretty good, but not mind-blowing.  The chili-garlic glaze is much like the chili-garlic sauce you get in a jar from an Asian grocery store.  Next time I'm going to try the dry rubbed chicken- I think it'll be crispier.  
The honey-glazed donut that came with the chicken was just okay.  It tasted thick and cakey, but the Indian Cinnamon donut was AMAZING.  It was hot and tasted light, despite being a cake donut.  I got an extra one for my boyfriend, but ending up eating his too.   The donuts are only good when you have them piping hot though.  I had one of the donuts a few hours later and it was hard as a rock and not that great.  Unfortunately they were all out of the 'fancy' donuts so I will have to go back to try those!Most over-Rated donut / chicken shop ever. Since finding out that this place was among top 50 great restaurant / food joints in philly I had to check it out. No doubt, I love the concept: chicken & donuts who doesn't? Philadelphia chicken and donut scene was already pretty weak and needed a revamping. Being actually from South Korea, I know what KFC is all about. Tried the chili-garlic, soy-ginger, & zaa (something- dry rub) and what are  you kidding? I can't believe you guys are getting away with selling this food to customers. The chicken is no where near KFC in terms of twice-fried texture, tender meat, as well as the sauce. Federal Donuts, you've done your best to imitate it but no offense, don't call it KFC and market it that way to people here, I'm quite offended. 
On the other hand, I gave you at least 2 star because your donuts is actually quite creative and pretty tasty. Other than donuts, this place is just played out simple!We did a quick delivery to the Financial Stadium in PA, from MD. Stopped for donuts and they were delicious. The shop was clean and the woman running things this morning was friendly and welcoming. They had a variety of specialty donuts (sweet potato topped with marshmallows and brown sugar, blueberry pancake, etc.) and then 3 flavors made hot to order; today's three flavors were strawberry/lavender, cookies & cream, and cinnamon/brown sugar. Fairly priced at $7.50/half dozen for made to orders and $13/half dozen specialties. Fluffy, flavorful, fresh and hot. I could come back easily!Fried chicken and fried dough. What could go wrong? At Federal Donuts, nothing. Seriously. Their buttermilk ranch chicken sandwich was great. Their fried wings were fabulous. The whole chicken is probably good, but I haven't had it yet.
The donuts are the real stars, though. Specialty flavors are creative and REALLY good. The hot donuts have just the right amount of crunch, and a nice mix of salty and sweet. These folks are pros.Amazing!!! The whole get here early or you'll miss out kinda thing sucks, but still you won't be disappointed. If you're looking for donuts and for some reason have a craving for chicken this is your place!!This place is great, they are open when Chick-fil-A isn't - and honestly this is better. Quick lunch, with friends ? come here. Since this is the summer of the chicken sandwich - my personal quest to find the best one landed me right here.  There service isn't the fastest, but they do everything right in front of you.
The chicken sandwich has pickles, American cheese and this delicious sauce - they also have wing sauces that's are to die for. I usually go for the sweet and spicy sauce with my sandwich, it bumps up the flavor to make it even better. 
If you didn't catch on my the name they also have donuts, they are cakey and moist, and have quiet the selection of interesting flavors. Also really great iced coffee that's not watered down. I would definitely consider this a great cheat day breakfast spot also.This place was a great stop for a midday sweet and coffee trip. I almost didn't go b/c I saw a bad review saying the doughnuts were overpriced and taste like chicken. Not true at all. They're cake doughnuts and actually seem more like slices of cake than doughnuts. They're so good and moist. I tried lemon meringue and strawberry lavender. The lemon was great, the hot doughnuts like the strawberry are tossed in the flavor. The staff is great too, quick and friendly.Not only are the donuts to die for but i would actually kill someone for the chicken sandwich. It's the best thing I've ever had in my life. I can't stress enough how good this sandwich is.People were nice and service was great. Food was not very good... So disappointed.. They were rated the best Fried chicken in PA, I hope not-Donuts were great. I love the fact that they were fresh. I would love for a location to open in New Jersey since we really don't have many donut shoppes. I should've let it cool off a bit before I ate it but that's okay. Will definitely return on my next visit to Philly.The week before our wedding in Rittenhouse area of Philadelphia, our wedding cake plan fell through. I had a week to figure out dessert for 100 people, and somebody suggested Federal Donuts. Thank God they did, because the donuts saved the day. I called one of the stores in a panic on a Sunday and a woman named Lauren who handles the wedding bookings got back to me right away on Monday. Everything was booked by Tuesday. We ordered 120 donuts (10 dozen). When you order them for a wedding, you can only choose "fancy" donuts. We ordered 3 flavors and they were all great. At first we thought we'd save money by ordering donuts instead of cake, but we didn't really. We paid $240 for the donuts themselves and then another $275 for assembly and setup (essentially somebody from Federal comes the the venue to set up the donuts in a tier). They made our donut wedding tower look really pretty. Guests at the wedding loved them and 120 seemed the perfect amount for 100 guests. We were overall really pleased with our experience (especially thankful that they accommodated us last minute!) but we did think the setup fee was a little high.Came strictly for the Fried Chicken, but ended up ordering some Donuts too. Why not?
We chose Za'atar & Chili Garlic Glazed Chicken.
It was Crispy, Crunchy, Juicy and Lip-Smacking Good!
We had the Strawberry Lavender, Churro & Strawberry Cheesecake Donuts as well.
I say... come for the Chicken!!It simply blew my mind. It was the end of the day so there were not many flavors left.We had the chocolate(was my favorite) and the fruity one(can't remember. Grape fruit?) tasted like real fruit. Donuts were the right size and super fresh!!The freshly made donuts are worth traveling for because nothing can beat a fresh hot donut. I personally like the cinnamon brown sugar, but the strawberry lavender and and cookies n' cream were just as good. I did not care for the fancy donuts because it was more like icing than a glaze. The flavor were good, but I not a fan mainly because it was melting in my hand due either the consistency of the icing or the temperature of the shop where it started to melt it. The fried chicken was not bad either, super crispy, but not my favorite. I recommend the fresh donuts from Federal Donuts because that is the winner!Food is just as good as the other fednuts stores, but what stands out this time is the space itself! It is very large and enough tables for you to actually stay and eat your fried chicken and donuts. 
The coffee is delicious, iced or hot. The fancy donuts get a nice display case, so you can see the actual donut you were ordering. I didn't have the fried chicken yet at this one, but I saw a nice little sign saying they offered wings! I will definitely be back for that because the fried chicken at the original store is pretty damn great!Just went here for the 1st time after hearing about it from my friends in the city.   Awesome donuts  (cookies and cream and stawberry) and coffee.  I tried the  cold brew.  Next time I'm in philly I need to try re chicken!  Please set up shop in KOP!! :)I don't get this place as regards donuts...I don't get it...I don't get it!  I made my third (and last) donut purchase from Federal Donuts recently at this location on the edge of Northern Liberties.  btw - There is ample parking here which is a plus for people wishing to patronize this establishment.  The donuts listed on the board they didn't have (which is kind of strange to have them written on an overhead board and you spend time trying to decide which ones you want only to find out when you go to order that they currently only have different flavors. Change the board!)
Anyway, I then decided to only order one and I ordered a Grapefruit Glazed donut.  It cost $2.70 with tax.  I guess it had a grapefruit flavor to it ... the burnt glaze was mostly what I tasted.  It was heavy...cake-like. I understand - that's their style of donuts. I prefer lighter. And e.g. at Beilers in the Reading Market which I personally think are much, much tastier - donuts cost a half to a third of the price.  I don't know if this place is just overhyped or there are many people who really love them and don't mind spending $2.70 on a donut.  Whatever!Love this place. The chicken, donuts and coffee are all delicious.
My only complaint is that they always run out of specialty donuts by mid morning! Make more of them!!!I was driving through the neighborhood and couldn't help but stop in. I've only been to their original location and remember their donuts and fried chicken being pretty delicious. This location seemed out of place with not much around. It has the feel of a fast food joint more than a warm friendly neighborhood donut shop. It's great that they have a parking lot, which was basically the deciding factor in my last minute decision to stop in. 
It was pretty late in the day, so I only had the 3 hot and fresh flavors to choose from. I went with the vanilla spice and cinnamon brown sugar. They were made to order, so it took a few minutes. The donuts I got were cakey, warm and surprisingly, not super greasy or overly sweet. They were delicious! I didn't get to try the chicken this time but a couple tables dining in had it and it looked so good! If I want Federal Donuts in the future, I would definitely come to this location.This 5 star review is only for the fried chicken sandwich, heard about this place from a local food blogger and had to come try ! It was delicious seriously nothing creative about it but just down right good!!!! And the place is clean and the good costumer service.. as for the donuts we had the churro and guava poppy the churro was delicious and the guava wasn't too great and I love anything guava usually so for the donuts I'd rate a 3That was he worst fried chicken I have ever ate in my life. The batter is disgusting. Ten dollars for 3 piece. #keepdrivngThis is a good solid spot for some great donuts and coffee in the morning. I haven't tried the chicken, so I can't comment on that, but the donuts are really the star here. They are all cake donuts and have a delicious crumbly texture that goes great with coffee. Most of the flavoring comes from the sugar coating, which is good, but the flavor doesn't come through as strongly as I would hope, as was the case with the Cookies 'N Cream donut I got. The coffee was just okay, nothing super great to rave about, and no specialty coffee drinks offered.Place seems over rated and not that great. I was really looking forward to these "fancy donuts".  What a bust.  The coffee was sour, had to throw it out. The donuts were just okay.  They didn't seem fresh, just lacking.  The buttermilk batter fried chicken was alright, a tad salty, but the donut that came with it was good.  It was definitely not worth the price for that kind of quality.  So disappointed.
Service was so so.
Maybe the other locations are better?Feeding my Federal Donuts addiction I went over to the new N 7th St location. I had been going to the 2 St location for a long time and was used to it there. I will now be at the N 7th St location since there is parking and actual tables. Now that Federal Donuts is serving their chicken sandwiches everywhere its just amazing. We got a few of the chicken sandwiches, an order of wings, and a few donuts my absolute favorite was the strawberry shortcake, I need to get to this location early so that I can get the chocolate eclair donut though. All in all, keep up the good work and I will be back!Federal Donuts is definitely one of my go to donut place. I was introduced to federal donuts by my roommates when I moved down here and I must say I was amazed ! I decided to stop by here to pick up more donuts for the bubs and my roomies. The donuts are always made fresh ! And the staff are super sweet and nice ! Can't ever go wrong with donuts from here ! Will definitely come back here to try the chicken !I am not the biggest fan of donuts and i devoured the old-fashioned donut (I think it's just the plain donut).  Service is friendly but they could certainly move a little quicker at this location. We were in yesterday and had to wait 15-20 minutes for 3 pieces of chicken and 2 coffees. With that being said, Chicken was cooked fresh and juicy. We opted for the buttermilk ranch and it was delicious! FD on 7th is always clean and the coffee is really good!I have been dying to get to this place. Maybe because I've seen so many specialty donut shops on food network and have yet to make it to one. I picked this location because I saw that they had their own parking lot, which is a plus, especially when driving around Philly! Walked in and could see all the flavors available for the day, and the next thing I noticed was the machine making donuts as we were in there. It was kinda cool. The donuts were pretty and my favorite by far (of the day) was the Lemon Merigue.
When I told me husband that they made wings he wanted to try them but it was about 10 am and we would've had another hour before they started prepping for wings. All in all it's a little pricey , but I think the donuts were good!Donuts are sooo fresh and delicious. Tried the "snowball" looking donut it's their version of a chocolate donut. The "fresh hot" donuts are amazing! I bought two cookies and cream donuts. I would deff recommend this place!To just simply say, their donuts and coconut curry fried chicken are to die for! I can't share the coconut curry chicken with anyone, always have to have my own portion. My favorite hot fresh donut is the strawberry lavender. I'd love to try to blueberry pancake donut but they were out by the time I arrived!
The workers are so friendly too! A must try!I have been to this store 3 times. First time ibwas there to try take out, the have fried chicken which is pretty good. I order the regular chicken and another orser of the cumin spice chicken. The chicken was so crispy and tasty and not dried at all.  As i was waliing out of the store i saw a platter of beautiful customized donuts.  So i decided to try the blue berry donut and a red velvet cake donut with citrus glaze...wow it was like if i was in donut heaven.
Since that firat time i have onky been able to try the chocolate ganache donut and the honey glazed donut.
I will make it a mission to try them all twice just to make sure i taste them all.  This place is a must try whenever you are in the city of brotherly loveMy friend brought me here during a layover at PHL. We wandered in early and had some delicious coffee and a donut - and the donuts - amazing. Not like most donuts, I'm just not a fan.
My only regret was it was too early to try their fried chicken, because za'atar fried chicken is an intriguing concept.
I'll look forward to trying that next time, and they've definitely earned a next time.I had several donuts and each was really good. The strawberry lavender was fresh and hot and not overly sweet, while it tasted more of strawberry than lavender it was nice light donut. The Chocolate 3  was super moist and as the name implies super chocolatey while managing not to be overly sweet. My favorite was the Chocolate Oatmeal. It was again moist, not overly sweet and had a richness that made this one my favorite by far. The service was fast and friendly and this location has ample parking.LOVE the donuts. Absolutely HATE the coffee. Would still visit again for donuts lolOne of the best donuts in the city. Always going here to try new flavors and have yet to be disappointed. Also like the fact that the coffee has been better which is perfect to go along with the donuts.question, why doesnt federal donuts serve/sell wings? idk how I didnt notice this before but I feel kind of cheated. i ate here a week ago and ordered their "whole chicken" for two of us and it was just six pieces as opposed to eight. what do they do with the wings and why do they advertise and charge for an entire chicken when in fact thats not what youre getting? dropping overall rating for this reason.I really didn't like the chicken,  it was soggy and fried in old oil.  The chicken didn't taste as if it had been brined and was oddly spongy in texture (injected with water?). The donuts were only ok. I feel like federal is mostly just hype.Been here several times, for coffee before work and bought a dozen doughnuts on a few occasions for the office. Hot coffee is great, while the iced has too much of a bitter aftertaste. Great flavors and creative doughnut combinations.
Service today gets 1 star. Blatantly ignoring me when I ask something is one thing. If you're "distracted" looking at my lady (to put it nicely) at least remember to ask me if I want room in the first place instead giving me a "large" cup with two inches of space to the top..  Server had no problem asking the next guy. If I wanted a small cup I'd order that. Just will be from another place next time.This place is love at first sight. Since the first time I've been, every time I travel to, near, or through Philly, I make whoever I'm traveling with me stop at Federal Donuts. Always only praises, never any complaints.
All flavors of friend chicken are good, though I prefer the dry seasonings. Chicken sandwiches are AMAZING. Love the fresh sugar coated donuts--strawberry lavender is my favorite.
Expand to DC please!!!The first time I went to federal donuts near Drexel, there were no donuts and certain flavors of chicken were not available. 
Fast forward a year later, I finally made the trek to Federal Donuts at this location and I'm so sad that I didn't come here earlier! I got the fried chicken sandwich, cold brew coffee and 5 different donuts. ALL were great. 
The chicken sandwich isn't as juicy as Chik-fil-a but definitely had A LOT of flavor! It kind of had a dry ranch flavoring which was really unique and something I could find myself craving late at night. 
What makes my experience a 5 star is definitely the customer service. I don't remember what their names were (even though I asked for it to write this review). They were so knowledgeable in the business itself and the owner that it really made me appreciate everything I was eating.Great surprise donut and fried chicken place.  Split a dry rub chicken (order comes with free honey donut) and 2 regular donuts (strawberry lavender and cinnamon sugars.  The "regular" ones are made to order and come out warm and soft.  The "fancy" ones are about a dollar more expensive and come in more flavor varieties.  First time I visited, my son and I were originally planning to pick up and go. We ended up staying and finishing the whole thing on the spot.  The chicken was perfect balance of crisp, slightly battered skin and juicy meat.  The free honey donut didn't do it for me but the combination of it with the fried chicken made sense.  The 2 warm ones felt light even tho they were cake donuts and felt like they melted in our mouths.
The only bad parts of our otherwise great experience were: (1) I didn't realize one of my donuts was missing until I was already an hour out of the city; (2) the fancy one/burnt caramel I ordered was only 1 of 3 flavors left at around 4pm.  
Good news was that I found myself back in philly the next day and swung through again.  It gave me an excuse to get more warm regular donuts.  Plus, even though the same cashier wasn't working and because they were out of the flavor I had previously ordered, I was given 2 free donuts for my trouble in addition to the 2 additional I bought.  I haven't tried them yet (strawberry milkshake and peach cobbler) but I'm sure they will be great!These donuts were not my favorite. I tried the 3 favors of the hot donuts they had that day. I wasn't blown away by any of them. They good, but not worth all the hype. They are covered in flavored sugar. I probably will not be returning.I can't say enough good things about this place! 
Go it's amazing!!
We went originally for the donuts but I will definitely be coming back because of the chicken.
I got the teriyaki styled chicken fingers and they were incredible. I also got a blueberry pancake donut but didn't realize that the chicken came with a plain donut. The plain donut in my opinion was better then the fancy one, it was so good!
I will definitely be coming back!I order their classic 3 piece zataar fried chicken every few months. But, I've noticed that the sizes of chicken pieces are smaller for the last few orders. The prices are still the same. It's disappointing. I hope it's just the bathes of Chicken they are getting and not their cost cutting strategy. Looks like Andy's and love and honey are getting my biz....Honestly, I don't understand all the hype about this place. We went there around 2pm, so there wasn't that much variety of donuts, which I understand. We got one of each kind of donut that was left(4 donuts), and out of all of them, only one was good(ish). The donuts are soft on the inside like mushy cake, not like how most donuts taste like. The fried chicken was nothing special, either. We got the honey soy glazed, buttermilk ranch, and z'atar flavors, and while the chicken on the inside was quite tender, and the outside was crunchy, the flavoring was just off and fake-tasting. Someone in our group even said that Popeyes chicken tastes better. My expectations for this place were pretty high, considering all of the good reviews, and this place did not at all meet my expectations.Our first time here wasn't that impress the donuts are wayyy too high for one donut. The can drinks were too high. The only donut I thought was good was the pumpkin latte. The chicken sandwich was good but chick fil-a is better. The wings were mediocre and the meat had a funny taste the skin was ok with the rub (za-atar) and it also came with a honey donut yuckToday...Blueberry Mascarpone Donut and Sweet Soy Garlic Chicken. Pretty good...Just moved from Brooklyn and Dough Donuts. I  really liked the Donuts made fresh and oil free and a sane size.  Calling all cars ala jack Webb to come and get your coffee and Donuts right here!Chicken and donuts are great! Def try it, but it's over priced! Also the coffee is always bad.Unpopular opinion I think room temperature donuts are just ok. I know I know, people turn up about donuts and I respect some of the flavor combos places come up with but it's hard to impress me with a donut. Sorry not sorry. 
But Federal Donuts are doing what I've always thought donuts should be doing-hot and fresh. These are the donuts I've been waiting for my whole life. They have a self dispensing donut batter device sitting over hot oil that pumps out freshly fried donuts. The donut itself is piping hot and soft enough to melt in your mouth. They don't stop there, you can have them tossed in a variety of flavored sugars- cinnamon sugar, cookies and cream, or strawberry lavender. The flavors are subtle but delicious. You can't go wrong with any of them, but I preferred the cinnamon sugar!
I didn't get to try the chicken, but that's definitely on my list!Can I start off with saying I don't really like doughnuts? I know. Everyone thinks I'm nuts, but idk. That oily dough ball just isn't my jam. Until you turn it into a crumbly cake. And top it with crumbles. And icing. And peach jam. The cobbler. Dah peach cobblah ladies and gents. It was great. But super sweet, as I like things. So I'm sure not for everyone. I've had a couple doughnuts here now, and I must say I've enjoyed them all, although I didn't get a pancake vibe from the blueberry pancake. For the record I've only been here for my Saturday doughnut and coffee bike rides. Got to have that balance (no bike pun intended). My only gripe is their iced coffee is really acidic compared to others I've had. I've had this issue at both locations I've been to, so clearly there's something they're doing that I'm not a big fan of. Either way, this Saturday I'll be back. There coffee was sour and undrinkable. I tried to take a couple of sips before I left after sitting for 15 minutes, but the whole cup ended up in the trash. I'm not one to complain and try to get my money back, but a fair warning to others is within reason!
Despite only being moderately busy the employees stood behind the counter talking to each other instead of coming out and cleaning the sticky and dirty tables. I use the wet wipes provided on the table to clean it off myself. No one was on table duty today I guess?
Sadly, none of the food prep staff were wearing gloves or hair nets while preparing the donuts and chicken. 
On a final note I had to wait about 10 or 15 minutes in line for the bathroom as only one of two bathrooms was in working order.
Won't be going back to this location anytime soon.[This review originally appeared on fare-game.net]
When fried chicken masters Federal Donuts announced their grand opening of their newest West Poplar location was set for June 7th, complete with Grand Opening Party, I must admit I was a little bummed. I am a bit of a fanatic for their chicken (their donuts are excellent as well but I'm actually not a huge fan of donuts in general) and have been following the transformation of this newest spot as it just so happens to be ACROSS THE STREET from my apartment complex.
But we will be out of town this Saturday for their 1 day only specials (Hot Donut Ice Cream Bomb as a collaboration with Little Babys, and Fried Chicken Donut Sandwiches) and I will miss out. I have had my fingers crossed for a soft opening and yesterday my husband noticed staff inside and lights on. Fried Chicken was coming.
And today was a glorious day as Fednuts opened their doors and starting slinging birds and tasty donuts. I went directly after work, only pausing momentarily at home to check in with my new kitten. By the time I got there, (4pmish), they were already out of all Fancies.  The new flavors sound delectable including a Salted Tahina and Blackberry Walnut. The Hot Fresh Donuts are where it's at in my opinion, and I got a Lemon Cream Hot Fresh in addition to the Honey Lemon donuts that come with each order of chicken.
I got 2 chicken halves: my go-to Buttermilk Ranch Dry Spiced and the Sweet Soy Garlic glazed. The chicken was juicy and tasty as always and I really really loved the Sweet Soy Garlic Glazed. But I'm looking forward to trying them all eventually. I need to finally try the wings as well; they usually in short supply and sell out very quickly at the Sansom St location so I'm hoping to go early on Friday. 
The new space is HUGE compared to the other locations; a whole lot more seating and they have a few parking spots too. Love the huge windows that go hand in hand with the clean bright decor. This is a great addition to our neighborhood and now my only problem will be trying not to eat there everyday! Welcome FedNuts!Small little donut shop with a parking lot in the city. The donuts are out of this world. They also serve chicken after 11am and if you are in this area at that time I would suggest getting some because it is amazing as well. Donuts are averagely priced for speciality donuts and well worth the cost. They update their menu based on the seasons but have a few regular donuts (cookies and cream being one) that are all year round. The regular donuts are served hot. The speciality donuts are made fresh daily but do not come out hot. It's definitely somewhere to check out if you are in the area.I went there with great expectations of good ' fried chicken' . 
I ordered the chicken with Chilli Lime glaze. What I got was 'soggy' chicken dowsed in a Chilli lime sauce. It was disgusting. It was NOT fried chicken, it was soggy chicken.
The staff there was good enough to offer me another variety of fried chicken. I truly appreciated their efforts to understand my disappointment. 
I did however like their donut. 
I will go back there for their donuts but NOT for their Fried Chicken.
The fried chicken that was offered to me after I complained was not that great. KFC is better than this place.All the stuff dreams are made of. Donuts, Fried Chicken, and Good Coffee. This place is awesome, just like its other locations.
However, THIS one doesn't always sell out of chicken. 
Excellent news- the people rejoice!
It's not insanely busy, still an up and coming neighborhood. Though they do often sell out of 'fancies' and wings, they still have lots of delicious stuff all day. 
Also, their coffee is downright delicious. 
Get there. Do it nowI love federal donuts! And this place def makes them well! Why 3 stars? This location has SLOW service. Not because they're understaffed, not because they're busy, but because there is no oversight of the employees. While one worker was making donuts, refilling items, and taking orders, the other girl was chatting it up and flirting with one single customer. We were first in line when we entered, yet had to wait 25 minutes for our donuts because one worker was trying to get those digits while on the job. I would hate if she were my co-worker, and the other worker was obviously unhappy doing the job of 2 people.Chicken is ungodly. It is incredibly juicy and succulent, with a nicely contrasting crispy casing that makes this such an enjoyable experience. Have not tried all of the flavors yet, but haven't had a bad one yet. The half chicken or order of five wings is filling for one person. The donuts are good, but I can't say they are life changing the way other reviewers do. Definitely fresh and delicious, but not all of the flavors do it for me. I found some of them to be a bit unimaginative. The chicken is definitely the money maker. Cafe soho definitely makes better fried chicken, in my opinion, but this is different enough and good enough that I will be enjoying both as often as my arteries will allow. Haven't noticed a difference in quality between this one and the ucity location.These donuts are serious! Not as serious as the high school process...but they are fantastic!I made it for opening day and tried the fried chicken donut sandwich.  It was tasty, and a neat concept, although I certainly wouldn't eat it every day.  It was very messy and I feel like I should start bringing gloves to federal donuts because the messiness is really my only complaint, which isn't really even a complaint.  I also tried the sea salt chocolate donut which was awesome, and we shared some Thai Chili chicken.  It's nice that this location is so big and has a parking lot.  Glad there's another option for my fried chicken and donut fix.I like the new location because it's big, has plenty of seating where you're not in the way of the line, and a parking lot that makes it a convenient stop for an after-work treat on the way home from the office. 
The donuts are still warm and amazing, but I wasn't as blown away by the fried chicken. I tried the buttermilk ranch dry rub and the chili garlic glaze. The buttermilk ranch left something to be desired. Upon first bite you can taste the ranch, but it quickly becomes bland and flavorless. The chili garlic was very good, though, and I'll be back to try the other flavors.Nice light batter donuts and crunchy fried chicken. 
Our trip here was not planned but it was worth the stop. Having heard everyone always talking about Federal Donuts, we figured we'd try them. 
A staff member gave us the run through of the menu and options we could choose: fried regular or cake-batter "fancy" donuts, and fried chicken tenders or wings. (We did not expect the chicken!)
We opted for 2 fried chicken sandwiches. They come on potato rolls with a ranch rub, spicy mayo-like sauce, American cheese (hold for me!) and pickles (hold for Alex). These double fried tenders were as promised: moist inside and crunchy outside. I would have loved more sauce. 
Now, for the donuts. We couldnt choose so naturally we got 3 to try: two fancy (churro and tres leches) and one fresh (strawberry lavender). The strawberry reminded me of fruity pebbles; not much lavender, but the donuts itself was light. Churro was my favorite but could have used more of the (caramel or dulce de leche?) glaze. Alex says the tres leches was good but needed (more) condensed milk.
Next time: we'll ask for more sauce on the sandwiches and see if they have a heart-stopper: chicken inside a donut as a sandwich!How could you find something negative to say about this place?? Warm fresh made to order donuts. You can't go wrong here. I've had their"fancy" donuts and not a huge fan as they are just like regular donuts. But the warm fresh ones are incredible. Highly recommend for a treat!I wish I could review the chicken and the donuts separately, because they are two different worlds.
I almost think that I must be having different donuts then everyone else here because honestly, these are disgusting. But I've tried them twice (at this location; never been to the others), and they were the same both times. When you squeeze them, grease oozes out; the bag is coated in a layer of I don't know what. I gave one to my wife and, after a single bite, she refused to continue.
It's a shame because the flavors have potential; they're nothing incredibly creative but still better than your run-of-the-mill donut place. But ugh these things are bad. 1 star. At best.
And like I said - the chicken was a different story. The chicken itself was moist and flavorful while the skin was crispy and comes with a variety of spices. I'm a fan! I'd give it 4/5 stars, just getting dinged on some consistency issues (the odd piece is dried out). The worst part about the chicken, though, is that it comes with a free donut. Which is bad enough that I think twice about going by to order the chicken!
In sum: donuts=gross, chicken=amazing.Amazing BOH and FOH hard working friendly staff in every store. These people get it done day in and out serving Philly's MOST delicious chicken and donuts. The chicken sandwich is nothing short of a religious experience and the butter pecan donut begs to be eaten again and again. The coffee is good and strong (no decaf)! You will be the hero of any event from hangovers to weddings when you treat your friends and fam. Go fednuts.Loved tge Hot fresh donuts the strawberry lavender YASSSSS...the Fancy loved the key lime and blueberry was reallt goodI tend to avoid fried chicken, but Federal Donuts is the exception to that (silly) rule. I think the best way to go is to get a 1/2 chicken in the sauce/rub of your choice. It comes with a honey donut which is surprisingly delicious for being rather plain. I haven't gotten there early enough to try any specialty donuts, but I have tried the strawberry lavender. It is a plain donut dusted with strawberry lavender-flavored sugar. In my opinion, it didn't add enough to the plain donut for the extra cost, and I probably won't get it again in the future. The chicken sandwich is also fabulous.Ended up getting a cinnamon sugar donut and for $1.25 you can't go wrong. Each one (cinnamon sugar at least) is made fresh after you order so expect to wait a minute or two, but overall it was a pretty solid donut. Still have to check out their fried chicken that everyone raves about, but at 10am chicken didn't sound like the greatest hangover food.Chicken sandwich I love federal donuts and everything Solomonav does! He is genius! The donuts are amazing, every single flavor. Today my fianc and I had chocolate cake and plain glaze. Last week we had pumpkin spice latte and good coffee. All sooo good!Meh. Expensive and fattening, although nothing tastes good enough to crave. I stopped in for a few donuts with a friend. We tried two of the fresh hot donuts as well as two specialty donuts. Both hot flavors we sampled (vanilla spice and cinnamon brown sugar) tasted the same, and they were too dense and greasy. Disappointment. The fancy donuts were so heavy I couldn't have more than one bite of a chocolate cake, and it didn't taste as fresh as I was expecting it to taste.
I'm not Homer Simpson, but I crave a donut once in a while. Call this blasphemous, but I'd more likely go to Dunkin to grab a donut- a third of the price, tastes fine to me.
Saving grace? The coffee's good, and my coworkers rave about the chicken. I haven't tried the chicken yet, but before I totally write FD off, I'll be back to try it.This is a place that serves fresh made donuts and chicken. As well as serving great coffee. It's more of a fast food setting then a dining experience. The staff is generally pleasant and I've never had a problem as well as the service being effective. As for the food the donuts are really good particularly the cinnamon brown sugar donut which when hot and fresh is delectable. I can't speak for the other donuts as I am hooked on this one. But I imagine the other donuts are just as tasty depending on your taste. As for the chicken that is where my glowing review ends. The crust on the chicken is tasty and it is cooked crispy which is great but as far as underneath the skin I found the chicken to be terribly undercooked and rubbery and I  ended up not finishing my thigh or my leg. Technically the chicken may have been "cooked" according to the federal donut standards but certainly not to my liking because I don't like to taste rubbery chicken and it had bad mouth feel as a result . I will not be ordering chicken from this place ever again. My favorite fried chicken is Royal Farms, ranked number one in food and wine magazine as the best fast food chicken and I will stick to it as there's nothing like it. That being said I will probably return to Federal donuts for the donuts and coffee themselves as that's all I need from this place. The only thing I cannot review at federal donuts are the wings and the fried chicken sandwich which I hope are better than the other items I discussed.Big fan of their donuts and chicken. The chicken is made to order and is not overly greasy, nice and crispy. Don't forget to have a donut, my favorite is the strawberry/lavender. Any donut you can fresh out of the fryer tastes even better because they are warm.I was a little skeptical about the chicken combination, however, their chicken was made to perfection! I was a little disappointed with the honey donut that came with it. We also tried their smores donut, which I loved the idea of it, however it was a little too sugary for me. Overall this place is definitely worth going to.Federal Donuts has opened a new location in North Philly. This location actually has parking! There is also plenty of seating. And of course, the donuts and chicken that you've come to expect from Federal Donuts. My favorite donuts would have to be the Sea Salt Chocolate and the Blackberry Walnut.
I also like that they had the grand opening for this store on National Donut Day!These are good donuts, but definitely not the best I've ever had. My friend and I got all the flavors of specialty donuts they hadn't run out of, as well as a fresh cinnamon brown sugar. The fresh donut was awesome- super hot and melt in your mouth. I would have liked to try the other flavors to compare. I was less happy about the specialty donuts. The best were the milk and cookies and the churro. I easily could have gotten a half dozen of just those two flavors. The hot chocolate was the most disappointing. The donut wasn't chocolate, and therefore didn't taste like chocolate at all. Really good donuts have the flavor in the dough, not just dumped on top. Going back, I might stick to the fresh donuts unless there's a really exciting looking specialty flavor.Here once again on 10/2/18. This time I Ordered their fried chicken sandwich. After reading quite a few reviews of this I figured It wouldn't be possible to be disappointed but I was -- ABSOLUTELY!!!!The chicken may have been cooked all right, but it was FLAVORLESS. whoever made it hadn't a clue what's entailed in seasoning food, evidently. 3 small pickles were stuck in it, which I also DIDN'T appreciate (I don't like pickle in my food but I wasn't alerted that's one of its features...)When I saw the price of this thing???? -- $7.50 I was even more disgusted. This place is OVERRATED AND OVERPRICED, sadly. Frequent for the donuts, only.Great donuts! I can't speak to the rest of the offerings but the donuts were great. We got a combo of hot and fresh and fancy donuts. Big fan of the hot Oreo donut--nothing like a warm donut so good! We got a warm strawberry lavender too and It was amazing! Light fluffy dough was super good.Don't understand the hype... doughnuts were far from amazing. I would have enjoyed a doughnut from Dunkin Donuts better-- and at least also had a decent cup of coffee. 
Save your money...make a trip into Manhattan and find a Doughnut Plant. Then reconsider how this place could have such high ratings.The chicken and fresh donuts are DELICIOUS!!! If you're in Philly, definitely treat yourself!Don't get the hype bout this place...approx 2000 sq ft for 2 items...9.99 for 4 small pieces of pollo n that's right a donut.  Like I said overpriced n overhypedGot a 6 pack of doughnuts on our way out of Philly. The simpler doughnuts are made fresh to order and coated in different flavored sugars. Make sure to taste those while they are hot! So good! We tried the cookies and cream and strawberry lavender.
We also got some pre-made frosted specialty ones - blood orange, carrot cake, blueberry muffin and guava. The guava was my favorite - tangy and sweet. Blueberry was good too. Carrot cake and blood orange were a little disappointing - not as strong on the flavors. 
We also enjoyed the Vietnamese coffee - needed more cream but nicely sweetened and strong flavor. Store wasn't busy early in the morning on Sunday.Visited back in June and looked up reviews for donuts. So glad I tried it out!! Got the chicken and donuts for the bridal party, it came with their regular donut. I also got one of their other fancy donuts, don't remember which, except if had chocolate on it. Man, bomb.com. The bridal party enjoyed it too, and there happen to be a regular donut left so I tried. OMG!! Their donuts are delicious but their original donut was even way better than I expected!! I wish I was able to take some home on my flight before I left! We need you guys in Houston. Y'all shit on all these other fancy donut shops here.Only one, guava & creamof the three donuts I've had here (chocolate & S'mores, other two) was great, in my opinion anyway. Though the s'mores appears yummy I didn't care for it. Didn't have much taste, strangely.
3stars cause these things are DEFINITELY overpriced despite the fact I find one Of them addictive!Review for donuts, not chicken.
Bottom line: overpriced and over-hyped.
I got a dozen fancy donuts for a work thing. There was chocolate mint, pumpkin spice latte, chocolate cake, chocolate glazed, and two others that I am not quite sure what they were. I personally tried the mint chocolate and the pumpkin spice, and was only marginally impressed. Honestly I prefer several other Dunkin Donuts flavors above what I tried from Federal donuts today.
$25 for 12 donuts and a cup of coffee is a bit extreme, especially when the donuts weren't that impressive or large. I'd go back to try the fried chicken, but when I pass by this joint I will no longer feel an urge to stop in.You can't pass this place up. And with four locations in philly there's no excuse. Between the made when you order everyday flavors and the specialty donuts you can't go wrong. Idk how long the wait is, stop here and treat yourself.A short while back I stopped in for a chicken sandwich.  Two actually.  Long story short, the chicken breast was way too big for the bun, the sandwich was slathered in mayo so that holding the sandwich was a mess and the number of pickles were about 4 too many.  The place itself was also a mess. If I wanted a sandwich w half a ton of mayo I would have requested it.Meh, skip the chicken....let me type it again SKIP, THE, CHICKEN. Whatever you do. Okay donuts. Didn't knock me off my feet but they were kind. Pricey but goodI know fried chicken and donuts seems like an odd combination if you aren't familiar with this place, but it will not disappoint. the classic donuts (cookies & cream, strawberry, and cinnamon) are some of the best I've had and their fancy donut selection is even better.
I love and have always loved federal donuts. This visit was a little different than others since this time they ran out of chicken sandwiches! What a shame. No worries though, ill be back soon enough.Federal Donuts was my go to in college when I wanted to treat myself to something delicious. Years later, I'm still making pit stops to this place whenever I'm in the area because the donuts are to die for.
The donuts either come in fancy or fresh made to order. This time around I got the strawberry lavender sugared donut and a small coffee. The donut was amazing (fried chicken is really good too) but don't come here for the coffee. I just wasn't a fan of their coffee at all. 
A donut and coffee came to ~$4, so I would say prices are reasonable, if not cheaper, compared to other donut and coffee shops.Surprisingly this donut place makes a killer chicken sandwich. Hot ready made to order donuts are good too. Could use some glaze tho.Not my favorite donut spot. It's always clean however all of their food has a weird eggy smell to it. I've tried it many times and have been very let down... especially for the price.Love this place! Hot fresh donuts are amazing. Fancy donuts, always fun to try something new and unique. Fried chicken with different choices of toppings. So good!How do you describe the complexity yet simplicity of a fried dough with flavors so vibrant you never want to look at another dunkin' donut donut, ever again? 
This place is awesome for 3 reasons: 
1) The donuts (duh) 
2) The spot itself 
3) Fried chicken 
1. The donuts come in a variety of flavors but their 3 freshly baked options are: strawberry lavender, cinnamon brown, and glazed. All three are my go to donuts simply because they give off this light touch that makes me feel real good about myself when I consume them. 
2. This location specifically is a great spot to bring a group of friends, people who are visiting Philly,
or to come alone and study (Temple students!) There's enough space and it isn't as crowded as some of the other spots. 
3. You don't really think a spot titled FEDERAL DONUTS screams fried chicken, do you? But this spot serves fried chick and it's HECK good. So give it a try! 
All around, a great wonderful spot and I think it's still better than Beilers, don't @ meWe visited late on the weekend so we avoided the long lines. We had the brown sugar donut which is freshly prepared unlike the other donut offerings. The donut was delicious and I can now understand why others make a line for Federal Donuts as I would def join them if I lived in the area.I have to admit, I only had the coffee so far BUT I'm very picky about coffee and it was delicious.  Even though I can walk to this location, I'm guessing the parking lot is a big benefit for those passing by.  I'll be bok.If you're looking for a good freshly made donut that's light yet tasty, this is the place for you. While the specialty donuts aren't bad, there's something to be said about having a fresh hot donut that's literally made to order. I got a half dozen of the cinnamon sugar donut and had to practice self control to prevent myself from polishing the box. The donut was PERFECT (not heavy and not too sweet)!In town for conference. After eating terrible hotel food, my friend and I wanted to just grab something quick before heading back on the road. 
Sucks watching people who ordered after you receive their meals and donuts before you, especially when you only ordered a cold brew coffee and a cinnamon sugar donut. Got my coffee right away, at least. Didn't care for it (kinda bitter) but it's caffeine so it'll do. Watched the guy take orders and give out the orders. I'm a big girl and it's a small place so I'm not sure why he was completely oblivious to me and my friend. The being ignored and the apathetic, "sorry" is not cool. 
Donut was good and fresh, at least.Good donuts, Great Chicken!
I've ordered a variety of their donuts here, and they always surprise me with their rich and balanced flavors. They offer "regular" and "specialty" donuts, with the specialty being the more expensive of the two. Both are fantastic, but my heart lies with their regular donuts, as they are perfect cakes with just the right amount of flavor, and are always warm! So delicious! Their specialty donuts are always fun, and ever-changing, you can even look up what flavors they are offering on their website which is always updated.
The chicken was the surprise that I didn't know I needed. I always opt for the glazed chili garlic flavor because it is so good I've never felt the need to switch it up! It also comes with a donut so its a great balanced meal ;)
The prices are good and the staff is always personable, this place is always a good casual go-to for lunch!First time here...and the cashier told me about the variety of fancy donuts they offered with flavors ranging from keylime-pecan marple....I ended up trying out a "hot and fresh" donut with the flavor of strawberry lavender. 
The donut took about 3mins to make, and she dusted the donut into the flavor and there it is I now have my first hot and fresh donut from Federal Donuts....Just took my first bite and it was Delissshh...never had a hot donut, but was dying to try this place out since I've heard nothing but positive things about the brand and the company itself..
Everything was great here, cashier was very helpful, music was cool, tables were clean and there was convenient parking :) love it! I will definitely be back-next time I'll try the chicken sandwich 
Eating a regular donut will never be the same-thanks to Federal DonutsThe chicken was fresh and perfectly cooked. The fresh donuts melt in your mouth. The donut making station was very clean and the staff was super friendly.Very tasty!! Donuts are only available until they run out. I was a little surprised by the few times they already ran out of the kinds I liked seeing as they only have donuts and chicken.
But the food is good. If they ever have the wings you should try them! Best wings in the area.Good donuts but very expensive, only tried the chicken didn't care for the ranch seasoning, maybe I'll come and try the chicken sandwich spent $27 on I don't what Fried chicken and donuts are not for the weak! So yummy!! Wish there was one in Sacramento!Let's start off with when you first enter the building your nostrils are filled with goodness. You smell the sweet aroma of the donuts. On this visit we tried four different flavors. Za'atar, sweet soy garlic, honey ginger, and chili garlic. They all were very good but my least favorite was the chili garlic. The honey donut the chicken comes with is Amazing! Its soft and sweet I can eat a dozen of them alone. I didn't get a fancy donut this round maybe next time. I just wish it was a boneless chicken option other than the chicken sandwich. I prefer chicken without the bone. Wings were small but very crunchy. I'll be back soon!! 
The chili garlic flavor was ok it just needed a sweetness to it in my opinion. A bit spicy 
Za'atar was definitely my favorite it was full of flavor 
Sweet soy garlic was my second fav had a sweet tart taste that I loved. Reminded me of the sauce used for dumplings. 
Honey ginger was good too & it wasn't too much ginger which I was expecting (it was my hunnis fav)When I was traveling up to Philly, these donuts had to been the best I've ever had before in my life. No complaints and the chicken was phenomenal. When I come back, I will be back to this amazing establishment.As always, federal donuts does not disappoint! This time when i went I got the lavender lemonade with my donut and just had to do another review because IT IS SO GOOD. Went perfectly with my strawberry lavender donutSo normally I'm a huge fan of Federal donuts and I've been here countless times. This was my first trip to this location. I prefer their donuts to others because I prefer a cake like donut, that's just what these are. My review today is solely based on the new breakfast sandwich. 
I loved the idea of this new addition and it could have been and should have been perfect. The bacon was thick and crispy. The cheery pepper jam was where it's at. It was fantastic! Literally made the sandwich. I don't think there could have been a better cheese option, the cooper sharp was perfect. The martins potato bun was fresh and always delicious. The god damn egg ruined it! It was terrible!! How hard is it to make a fresh egg? It's probably cheaper and would have made the mediocre sandwich perfect. Why? Why is such a crappy pre cooked egg? For those who haven't had it. The egg is very similar to what's on a Wawa breakfast sandwich. So bummed and such a major disappointment. $6.00 for this sandwich is not worth it, even with the free coffee. Put a real egg on it and I'll pay that all day long. Rant over... 3 starsI could eat a dozen of these donuts in one sitting. Probably one of the best donut places I have ever been to.
I tried the strawberry lavender, brown cinnamon sugar, and the lemon with the marshmallow on top. I had them as soon as they hand rolled it. It was so warm and perfect touch to the wintry weather we experienced while purchasing these.
I would definitely want to come back to try the other flavors.The donuts are cakelike and tasty! I got the s'mores donut on Election Day (hence the fun lil sticker). Unique flavors-next I need to try the chicken!!I LOVE federal donuts. I always make it a point to stop by whenever I'm visiting Philly. The fancy donuts are delicious, but I think their hot and fresh donuts are way better. They shine in their simplicity.
Their fried chicken is also awesome. I've tried the zatar, buttermilk ranch, and honey garlic, the honey garlic being my favorite, but you really can't go wrong with any of them. Like other reviewers have mentioned, their fried chicken is hot and juicy in the middle and super crunchy on the outside. Eat these immediately. 
FYI, they don't start serving the fried chicken until 11:00am.Amazing doughnuts! I got half a dozen to bring back to NYC and you can bet I was a hero for the day. The flavors rotate, and the hot cinnamon sugar varieties were my favorite. Blueberry was awesome, too! Only one I didn't care for was the sweet potato/marshmallow.They only had one cook and one cashier manning the entire place when I was there so it took awhile for orders to be processed and made even with only a couple other people there waiting.  Otherwise, taste and quality is about equal to to other Federal Donuts...
Come here for their cake donuts (versus the traditional yeast donuts that you eat at Dunkin Donuts, Krispy Kreme, ect.), which are more substantive and full in texture versus your typical fluffy yeast donut.  Unfortunately, Federal Donuts does overprice their donuts in general, i.e. I could get 6 yeast donuts versus 2 Federal Donuts.  
Recommend their Cinnamon and Sugar donut if its your first time trying one.  In regards to their chicken, sometimes it is too dry, sometimes the sauce is too much - it all depends on the cook/chef making them.  Otherwise, just another Federal Donuts if you are into the franchise!Who doesn't like freshly made donuts?  If your only experience with donuts is at your typical donut shop like Dunkin', then you have to give this place a try. Their flavored, "just made" donuts are awesome. I had the Strawberry Lavender and thought it was delicious!
The staff was also super nice and polite. I will definitely be back here next time I visit Philadelphia.Their chicken is the best. I love their fried chicken wings (either plain or with the soy glaze) and am looking forward to trying their sandwich. 
I think I prefer the chicken to their donuts, which are good but sometimes pretty oily. I'm a fan of the regular sugar donuts , particularly the cinnamon and vanilla (the fancy ones aren't bad or anything, but I don't particularly love them).
I'm still on the hunt for a normal (cheaper) neighborhood donut shop, but until I find one I'll keep coming here.Goodbye dieting
Hello happiness
Get the sea salt chocolate donut.
I think most everything has been said about this establishment. It is great. I have to resist and make this a Friday morning thing now. 
Their chicken can be skipped. It is good but the donuts are what make this place great, not the chicken,I attend Penn Law and Federal Donuts has been my saving grace. I honestly go every day to get a donut, coffee, or a combination of the two. The specialty and hot and fresh donuts never disappoint. My favorite has been the Great Pumpkin, but that is unfortunately just seasonal. But I am very much looking forward to fall to have it again! The staff is also extremely friendly and honestly just helps brighten my day. This is one of the first places I take any visitor.The donuts are creative and they do deliver in flavor. They run out of the fancy blinds pretty early but they have the hot and fresh ones. The fried chicken has a pretty crunchy breading you can choose the type of seasoning or sauces. There are some seats but it gets crowded fast. Service is pretty efficient.When I walked in here I was expecting a coffee shop with muffins, maybe crescents, in addition to donuts. I was slightly disappointed walking in when I only saw donuts. I'm not a big donut fan. I usually can never eat a whole one b/c I usually find it to be too "heavy". I ended up choosing dark chocolate, which is simply a chocolate covered donut. I have to say, it was surprisingly the best donut I ever had! It wasn't heavy at all and the actual donut, not just the chocolate, was very tasty! I was pleasantly surprised. They also serve fried chicken, which I will definitely have to check out while I'm in town.I'm not even a doughnut person but this was delicious. The chicken and seasonings were great as well and more importantly the service was great. The woman was very pleasant and took the time to explain each donut. Awesome experience!After hearing a lot about this place I finally decided on checking out Federal Donuts. The donuts were freshly made on spot so they were really soft and warm they tasted great however they were a little too sweet for me. I tried the brown sugar, strawberry, Oreo favor donuts'. Def worth a try if you have sweet tooth!Fried Chicken Swag.
The Good: Light, fluffy, melt-in-your mouth doughnuts! Their fried chicken is tender and juicy. The golden skin is lightly breaded, not doing the sidestroke in grease like most fried chicken. The staff here is friendly and helpful, too.
The Bad: The honey doughnuts aren't always hot, and they have a hint of tartness I find strangely off-putting. The chicken rubs are tasty, but they seem like somewhat of an afterthought -- I suggest sticking to plain. Minor nitpicks with an otherwise wonderful establishment!Had the cinnamon brown sugar hot doughnut... so much flavor in one bite! Can't wait to head back and try the fried chicken!A bit underwhelmed by the donuts and fried chicken. I came from a Southern town that had the artisanal donut thing going on, in addition to a ton of great fried chicken places (both hip and hole-in-the-wall). Federal Donuts' fried chicken is okay in comparison, and I've found that the sandwich here and fried chicken are always lacking something, I think maybe the crispiness and deep, flavorful fried goodness I've come to expect. The donut flavors are also really slow to change, and oftentimes they're not that satisfying to me. Too sweet on the frosting. The freshly fried plain donuts are awesome though.Best donuts I've ever had in my life. Freshly fried upon order, and dipped in your choice of flavor. I think their specialty fancy donuts are not actually worth it because they are not made to order. Service is mediocre, as everyone else here claims.Was smaller than I had expected, drove up from Baltimore to see what it was all about and I love a good Donut and some Fried Chicken.. The chicken was really tasty but very small at the same time. Them Donuts were SCRUMPTIOUS! That Lavender one YESSS Ma'am  and the Butter Pecan was just as good, had a great day in the Overbearing heat!Don't really get the hype about this place but maybe I need to try it again to give a more fair review. However, the donuts that I had were nothing special and kind of dry.I wandered into federal donuts on a chilly evening right before closing. None of the fancy ones were left so I ordered a brown sugar cinnamon Hot and Fresh donut , which is fried fresh. Highly recommend that! It's definitely a rare find ! The donut was cake style and had a coating that was slightly salty , which I enjoyed! Would come back to try the fried chicken!Everyone one talking about the donuts and chicken is to die for.  The donuts melt in your mouth. But I haven't had the chicken the donuts are delicious but their overprice.I heard so many things about Federal Donuts and had to know what the fuss was all about. Well now I know. It's because the donuts and chicken here are to die for. I was surprised to see everything made to order, sizzling hot, and extra scrumptious. 
I haven't tasted donuts this good in a long time and definitely will be back to eat some more.My first visit I was given 2 pieces of raw chicken.  I wrote to them(since no one answered the phone) and was given a response immediately.  They were very kind a curteous.  Other than the 2 pieces I actually got to eat (and keep down after the raw pieces) I also had a salted chocolate donut.  Very sweet!  The donut that comes with the chicken is the best and they need to sell that as an option.
Fast forward...I emailed the person who I coresponded with and she contacted the store and they comped my lunch and gave me extra donuts.  Even with the mishap they were all amazing and fixed the wrong with no problems.  Today, I tried the wings since i was perturbed by the other chicken and they were cooked very good.My rating is based on the donuts...Not something I would order again. One, the options are limited. Two, taste more like cornmeal base or something. I liked that it was warm but I just didn't see the "greatness" in it. I will be back to try the chicken!The chicken and donuts are AMAZING! I had the Honey Ginger wings they were excellent!!! The donuts are the BEST I have ever had!!!!The unique donut selection is a wonderful way to start any morning -- but don't forget to try one of the made fresh hot donuts - cinnamon sugar was perfect!!High-tailed it here after six hours of class, about a week after opening. I don't know how to describe my love for donuts without getting too explicit, but let's just say that I love them.
Very much.
Their donuts are amazing. We tried the choco strawberry, marshmallow squared, and sticky bun (they had run out of the chocolate sea salt). The sticky bun fancy donut was perfect and not overwhelmingly sweet, and the strawberry flavor of the choco strawberry was incredible.
The four stars are just for the donuts. We did try the chicken with pad thai glaze; I loved the glaze, but there was an entire piece that was raw on the inside, and I couldn't stomach any more. We probably shouldn't have ordered it--when we walked in, there was another customer talking to the staff about his chicken that was also raw (just from a passing glance, it was...intensely raw.) But I was starving and really wanted to try the chicken, so we got it anyway, which was a mistake. We took our order to go, so we didn't raise the issue with the staff.
This location is only a week old, so hopefully they iron out the kinks soon with the chicken, but the donuts are perfect!This is the most over priced, terrible chicken one can get. You are really paying for the name. The chicken was dry, tasted like rancid oil, coating was soggy and soaked I mean SOAKED in oil. I couldn't really taste anything in the garlic chill glaze over the rancid oil taste. The donuts were at least better than the chicken. Strawberry lavender didn't taste like anything other than sugar. Disappointed in this place. 
Also on a side note, the cashier was on her phone the whole time and eating right at the counter. That is disgusting and rude shows that your customers aren't the main prioritySome of the best donuts I've ever had, and they always have non-traditional flavors if that's your thing. Today had tres leches, blueberry pancake, milk & cookies, strawberry cheesecake, and churro. Two flavors were sold out and I had the blueberry pancake and strawberry cheesecake flavors, neither of which were my first choice. 
They were both incredible, with the dough really standing out and the icing complimenting it very nicely. Combined with coffee, the donuts here remain one of my favorite desserts. One problem I had with the store is that the tables are sticky, and sometimes covered with a sparse layer of crumbs. Other than that, it's a small, cute store with a friendly staff and quality donuts. 
Highly recommend.
Oh, also take note that there's no wifi and so working here isn't really ideal.I've only been here once, because someone I was with really wanted to go there.  And it was fine.  I liked the donut better than the chicken. But it has limited seating, and no rest rooms.  (How does a restaurant that offers dine-in service even get away with that?).  And it really is only chicken and donuts - no veggies, no other desserts.  So if you love chicken and/or donuts and don't need a rest room, it's great.As a self-proclaimed "donut queen," I'm here to say that these are the best donuts in Philadelphia. I come here so often that some of the workers recognize me, and no matter what I order I'm never disappointed. Each new "fancy" donut flavor they come up with is better than the last, and their selection of hot & fresh donuts are classic. 
If I crave more than just donuts though I get one of their chicken sandwiches. The fried chicken is so crispy and fresh and the pickles make it everything. Who knew fried chicken and donuts were a match made in heaven?!Worst greasiest donuts I ever had, ridiculously expensive.  Maybe I should try the chicken instead.I normally don't have a sweet tooth, but wanted to try this place.  I was pleasantly surprised when I got my order that the donuts were still warm and when I took a bite, it practically melted in my mouth.  I haven't had such a delicious donut in a long long time.  Tried/shared a vanilla spice and cinnamon brown sugar.  The texture and 'frosting' was just the right amount.  Makes the more commonly known donut places taste very very ordinary/conventional.  
I like how they provide customers with wet napkins and an abundance of napkins.  
The one thing that was sorta gross was that there was a two utensil buckets, one was labeled Clean and the other labeled as Dirty.  What if someone accidentally took a utensil from the Dirty bucket without looking??!!  Kinda gross, don't you think?  Isn't it more sanitary to use plastic utensils at a place like this??  or at least someone should take away after you're done??People say FedDo's fried chicken is hit or miss, but it's always been a hit for me! I've tried za'atar, coconut curry, buttermilk ranch and sweet soy garlic, and my favorite is za'atar. Something about the coconut curry and buttermilk ranch taste a little artificial. The chicken is served hot out of the fryer and has never been overcooked/dry like it has been for others, but I will say that it's pretty overpriced for what you get (even though a half order fills me up). Donuts are pretty good though. I've had the grapefruit brulee, vanilla spice, chocolate peanut butter and cinnamon brown sugar, but I actually like the honey donut that comes with the fried chicken more than any of these hot fresh or fancy donuts. Good food, decent service. I don't loooove it but I do find myself craving it sometimes! 
There's not a lot of seating here, so get it to go and eat it at Moravian Food Court on 34th and Walnut if it's busy!Don't get me wrong-- the donut was fine but, if anything, my mouth was a bit confused. Based on the other Yelp reviews, I decided to start out my Federal Donuts experience with the Strawberry Lavender donut, which seems to be an offering unique to here as well as delicious. The line was short (I went on a Saturday afternoon) and I got my donut within a minute or two of ordering. Hot, fresh donut-- just as promised. The taste of the donut is... Not exactly what I expected. It tastes like a big, warm Strawberry Pocky with a little bit of a lavender-ish aroma. It was very soft, even for an old-fashioned donut which, if you're more into the slightly crispy donut, you might be a little disappointed. The donut was okay but not anything that I'd find myself craving anytime soon. Maybe next time I'll get there early so I can try a specialty donut.Simply the best donuts we've ever had. Stopped in on a Friday morning, and the place wasn't too crowded. Employees were great... friendly and helpful, and patient while we tried to decide what to order. We ended up with an assortment of freshly made and fancy donuts, then sat at the tables outside and devoured them! Ice coffee is great too! This place puts the chain donut shops (Dunkin, Krispy Kreme) to shame. A tad pricey, but seriously worth it. This place is amazing.The best fried chicken ever!!! The skin is so crunch, and the meat is tender, flavorful and juicy. My favorite was honey garlic and ranch. I'll drive to Philly next time just for the chicken!!!These donuts definitely live up to their reputation. They're a bit on the pricey side. About $2 and some cents each. 
They're made to order so they're hot and fresh when you go to eat them. I tried the cookies and cream and also the cinnamon sugar. They both tasted the same.
The cookies and cream had sugar on it and cookie crumbs. And cinnamon sugar was your standard cinnamon sugar donut. They were messy to eat but that didn't stop me from eating both of them in the car. 
I still have yet to try their fried chicken! I definitely will soon!When I worked near here this was my favorite place for lunch. Why did it take so long for a place to specialize in friend chicken and donuts? The place is small, but I always managed to get a seat for lunch. The friend chicken is very good, but I'm not a fan of the seasonings. I prefer to get the chicken "naked". The donuts are delicious, with the pumpkin spiced latte being the standout star that I would get cravings for. It's a shame that donut is only sold for maybe the last 2 months of the year. But you can't go wrong with any of the donuts. The staff here was always incredibly nice. The downside is that the donuts are expensive. You can get cheaper donuts elsewhere, but there is no place in University city that serves donuts this good.Woahhhh bomb crazy fried chicken sandwich. Seriously the best I've ever had. Solid coffee and great donuts too.Went to a different location than listed above, (1632 Sansom St., Philadelphia, PA) on Wed., May 31, 2017. I was really impressed with the behind counter person, 'Sierra'. She was both friendly, outgoing and seemed quite genuine in her desire to please every customer who walked in the door. I enjoyed the 3 piece chicken with a dry Middle Eastern seasoning blend called 'zattar'. The resultant flavor was both savory and fresh, with a bit of a citrus aftertaste. I highly recommend this chain, and this location, both! The Hot Fresh donuts are just that...made to order before your eyes; quite a treat!I used to live next to Doughnut Plant in LES. The downside of living next to such a delicious doughnut shop is that I started to develop impossibly high standards for doughnuts.  During our weekend trips to Philly, I fell in love with Beiler's at the Reading Market, however once I tried Federal Donuts I was hooked. 
The first time I tried Federal Donuts, I ordered the 3 piece fried chicken and it came with a honey donut. I thought the chicken was just average, but I was obsessed with the small honey donut. It was perfection, nice and soft, just a hint of sweetness and it practically melted in my mouth. Unfortunately, at the time, all of the fancy donuts were already sold out. I vowed to come back and try the other Donuts. 
Since that fateful first time, I've been back numerous times to try the different donut flavors. My absolute favorites have been Guava Poppy, Strawberry Cheesecake, Blueberry Pancake and the special edition Stardust flavor to honor David Bowie.  Not only are the donuts delicious, they are also beautiful to look at, almost like a piece of art! 
Even though I didn't love the fried chicken here, I do really like the Fried Chicken Sandwich. Those lil guys are fried to perfection and the spicy sauce takes the sandwich to another level. It's not big, perfect size as a snack. Or as the starter dish for your donuts :)
Hopefully these guys will decide to open up a store in NYC, I am sure they will do extremely well here!This was my first visit and I have to say, I am very impressed. I went in to try a donut, and was surprised to see that they make it fresh for you. There are few things in life as delicious as fried dough with sugar, and this establishment knows how to get it right. They have an assortment of specialty donuts, but they run out of these by 2pm. 
Although I prefer classic flavors, I was curious to try a strawberry-lavender donut. Mind you, this is one of the regular flavors they have. Even before you take bite, the aroma will hit you and one bite is all it takes to know that this is the donut from heaven. Fine sugar almost melting on the hot fried dough creates magic in your mouth! 
I was so floored with the donut that I decided to try their wings and, boy, they were good. They have some seating and the service is top-notch. I casually mentioned how much I loved that donut that they seem to have given me a free one for a second order! Thank you Federal Donuts for bringing some warmth on this cold winter evening. 
Do yourself a favor and give this place a try, even if they are out of the fancy donuts! I know I am coming back!Came here for the grand opening. There was a bit of a line (11am), but orders were taken really quickly. The places is small with very limited seating. There are also no restrooms (which are much needed to wash off that post fried chicken grease).
Got the Salted Chocolate and Chocolate Covered Strawberry donuts. Also tried the Marshmallow Marshmallow as a sample. These are probably the most accurately flavored donuts I've ever had. Absolutely delicious. Their fancy donuts are $2 each. They also have hot and fresh ones for like $1.25 or $1.50 that seem to be fried to order. Will definitely be trying these next.
The fried chicken was hot, crispy, and fresh. Got the pad thai flavor, which was good, but a bit too lime-y for my taste. I've heard good things about the soy garlic. The order came with pickled cucumbers (meh) and a free honey donut (yum!), which were nice bonuses. The menu was a bit confusing though. 6 wings does not equal a half order (and 12 wings does not equal a whole order). You can get either 6 wings or a half order (4 pieces) for the same price, and likewise for the larger order.Great donuts!  We enjoyed the old fashioned, Mighty Quinn and cinnamon!   Very friendly staff.It's dangerous to have a federal donuts across the street from my law school!! The close proximity is both a blessing and a curse- I'm footsteps away from one of the best donuts in Philly, but I'm constantly having to explain to my mom why my credit card bill shows me going there every week (read: every other day). The donuts are scrumdiddlyumptious - Cakey and doughy, unlike the donuts I am used to eating back in LA which are airier and fluffier. It's a nice change and they have very interesting and unique flavors. I really love their special seasonal flavors- milk and cookies, banana cream pie, and they even had a special swirl for a weekend. 
Their fried chicken sandwich is out of this world. Pair it with a Diet Coke and it's literally the best snack ever.
The only slight downside is the price- it's around $2 for the specialty donuts and the fried chicken sandwich is $9. The price still doesn't deter me from splurging on Federal Donuts!One sentence description of the fresh donuts: batter cooked in oil, kind of covered in a flavor of your choice, then covered, no, drowned, in a truckload of sugar.
In one word, disgusting.
I came a couple days back and got one of the strawberry lavender, cinnamon, and cookies and cream.
To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. I promise all you who haven't tried their donuts before, do not get it. It seriously tastes like sugar and bread. There's so much sugar that it overwhelms any other possible flavor. I cant believe no one talks about how terrible these donuts are. 
If my warning does not scare you away, i guess the most reasonable one to try would be the cinnamon and brown sugar. The cinnamon taste is pretty strong so compared to the other donuts that don't seem to have much flavor (besides the sweetness of the donuts), it tastes like a churro drowned in sugar. 
I heard their chicken (and sandwich) is good so maybe i'll go back to try those. Nevertheless, you will not see me go back for their donuts.
A total disappointment.One of the best donuts places in University City! Looking forward to try their chicken!It's was something different the chicken was good we had the curry coconut flavor it was delicious the donut was good. It's a small and unique restaurant.Really cool atmosphere with a small but delicious selection of donuts. The chicken was a tad bland, and the batter was...odd. Still a satisfying lunch, and the stars were definitely the donuts!I found the location in University City and stopped here for a coffee before my nearby dental appointment. I sat outside as it was a nice morning.  The coffee is decent. Has a nice taste. Yes, they have good donuts and chicken too. Today I only got coffee, and when I was done asked for bathroom, "No we don't" the girl said. You are a restaurant and serve coffee and no public bathroom for paying customer? I thought and walked to my dentist office. I don't eat donuts or fried chicken often, but may come back just make sure I use facilities prior.My boss surprised me for Nurses week and invited me here! I had the basic fried chicken which was perfect!  I had the soy dip sauce on the side and it gave my chicken a nice twist.  The ginger pickles were also wonderful.  The best part was the bite of the donut that comes with your chicken. It was sweet and savory and pulled my entire meal together!  The dessert donuts....that is a whole different review.  Just pure yum!   I can't wait to go back. Staff nice and handled the crowd well !I own a Federal Donuts t-shirt (the light blue one with the two dudes on a canoe). Their shirts are pretty quirky. Their service is always on point and everybody is so friendly. The fried chicken is pretty expensive though. It's a really interesting combination getting the half chicken with a donut on the side. Love the freshly warmed donuts, especially the cinnamon brown sugar one. Yummy.Made to order donuts were amazing. Get there early since they sell out of the fancy donuts pretty quickly.  Cinnamon brown sugar and chocolate peanut butter are a must. Sansom st is pretty nice too. Definitely go here if you're in philly.With the very limited menu they have perfected their two items Chicken and Donuts. I ordered the  Irish potato, chocolate frosted and the triple chocolate donut. If you are a chocolate lover you will be in love. The donut was more of a cake like consistency and just super good. Love it will return to try other flavors. The space here is small and good for takeout orders.Absolutely delicious donuts here! Not only are the donuts to die for, the service was phenomenal! Ally and Erin were the sweetest workers! Federal donuts needs to come to JERSEY!Great donuts and super nice staff. We joined a long line of tourists who all apparently saw this place on food network because everyone was taking pictures and ordering one of everything. So did we. Foodies coming to Philly, put this on your list.I used to to go the one near Rittenhouse a few years ago and got super excited when I saw one near U Penn.  I was shocked to learn that they still had fried chicken at 6 pm (they used to run out by 1 at Rittenhouse).  I excitedly sat down and tore into my chicken and donuts, only to be heavily disappointed by the dry almost stale chicken and the cold donut.  Will not be returning.  I'm afraid they expanded too fast because this store did not offer any of the things I loved about the original storesFood: 4.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4.5
Value: 4.5
Delicious cakey donuts served by good people at a reasonable price.Decent fried chickenif I want some fried chicken in philly, I am coming here. Chicken is fresh and juicy. I prefer to powder seasoned compare to glazed.Love their hot fresh!! Especially the Orange one but they stopped serving it. Always so light and fluffy besides being hot and fresh (haha) and never feels too heavy or creamy! I like their hot fresh much better than their creamier fancy donuts that are usually cold. Their fried chicken is always succulent and juicy. I've tried their buttermilk and sweet soy flavors and absolutely love it!! This place serves better donuts than anywhere else I've been and it's easier to get big orders too!Super cute space and the strawberry lavender donut was INCREDIBLE!!! So fresh, sweet, and dense but not heavy! Definitely going back!!The donuts and fried chicken is delicious but the location by UPenn was very dirty and smells like mold . Ruins the experienceDefinitely go for the hot fresh! They're warm, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Plus, the different flavored sugars were a nice sweet touch but not too overwhelming. 
We also had the old fashioned glazed, which I'm sure fresh and warm is fantastic, but I went later in the day, around 1:30, and that's exactly what it tasted like, a 1:30 donut. Same for the blueberry mascarpone. Nice blueberry kick, just not as intriguing as the hot fresh offerings.Omgosh I had the strawberry lavender donut and it was very tasty.  Also, I bought cinnamon brown sugar and vanilla. The donuts are fluffy, warm, and delicious. The service was fast and polite. Love the fact its indoor and outdoor seating. I like the flavors you can choose from because who would've thought butter pecan donut  lol. If you're looking for a quick sweet treat definitely check this spot out.Ahhh federal donuts.. My heart melts when I think of those scrumptious, delectable warm donuts lathered in  cinnamon, strawberry lavender or vanilla spice  dust! On top of this you surprise me with the ever changing fancy donuts which change year round and seasonally!  I will miss some of those limited offers such as the chocolate malt, salted caramel and pumpkin spice.  The chicken isn't all that special but hey the place is called federal donuts, you go there for the donuts! Get there early so you have your choice of everything they have to offer for the day and enjoy yourself some delicious donuts that will leave you smiling.So not only is this place super cute, but is on the pricer side (not expensive for gourmet donuts). The inside has a cute seating area and there are a few chair outside. I got the cookies and cream donut and it was amazing, but honestly tasted like the same one they sell at Dunkin Donuts. Would rec trying it out, but if you are going to splurge get the special donuts.There are two ways to my heart; fried chicken and donuts. In theory Federal Donuts and I are a match made in heaven. People RAVE about this place. I've been to both the University City and Center City locations several times. I pre-ordered 3 dozen donuts online for pick up at the UCity location for a new student function. (You have to do this if you're ordering more than a dozen.) I wanted to give everyone a taste of Philly and move away from the standard DD order. I must say that the pre-order worked seamlessly. I ordered two dozen fancy donuts and one dozen of the mixed "hot fresh" two days before my event. My order was on time when I picked up and there were no leftovers. The donuts are dense and cake-like rather than fluffy and full of air like DD. They are a tad bit expensive, but if you're trying to make an impression, this will do it. 
When I order the chicken, I usually opt for the buttermilk ranch dry seasoning. It's made to order and is normally deliciously crisp and flavorful. It was once served to me pink, but that was in the early days and they correct their error. The only bone I have to pick with Federal Donuts is the fact that they give you a free donut with your chicken purchase. I've inquired about purchasing this flavorful donut sans chicken and was told they don't sell it on it's own. Only with the chicken. Why? Give me one good reason? 
As for the chicken wings (and fancy donuts I'm told) they have X amount available for the day and once it's gone it's gone. I took ECON 101 and 102 in college. I understand the thought of a shrinking supply will increase demand. But it's hella annoying in my opinion. You're making good food, no need to be weird about it. If you keep running out, buy more. Give the people what they want! If you get there too late you're SOL. If they start to put the customers first, maybe my heart will mend. But for not, this is a love-hate relationship. I love your food, but hate your business model's attitude.This was my first time and I will not be returning. The counter girl was bordering on rude. Was not helpful at all. When I asked what kind of donuts they had she only pointed to the plate of fancy donuts, I assumed they were the only ones they had. I was extremely disappointed!I have been to another location and the ladies there were pretty awesome. This location? Eh not so much. Nearly every one I was with got sick. The donuts tasted weird. My wife said chicken and I said rancid grease or burnt grease. We both had the brown sugar one considering there were only like 4 or 5 options.....
She returned to the inside to ask for a refund because the donuts did not taste to well. The employee promptly told her that they dont give refunds and that was all. No apologies and maybe offer her to try a different flavor or remake a new one. This wasnt cool at all. Considering that 1 donut is nearly 3 bucks and you could get a dozen for 6 bucks at Dunkin Donuts which has so many more options and flavors you would think that customer service would be better.
Maybe thats to much to ask? I dont know.Fried chicken was okay, I suppose.  Chicken was overcooked & more dry than I'd like, so I can't really recommend the chicken here.
The honey donut that came with the chicken was nothing special. (It's not the hot & fresh kind.)I'm a little bit embarrassed to say that over the past 24 hours I've been back from Spring Break (Federal Donuts opened during break), I stopped by this place three times. 
I absolutely love donuts, and when it comes to these delicious doughs of circle, I've usually gone with Dunkin or Wawa donuts, but those don't compare to what Federal Donuts offers. 
Why is Federal Donust awesome? It's meant for food lovers who appreciate the combination of donuts + coffee + fried chicken. When I can avoid making separate trips to Wishbone/Crown Fried Chicken and Starbucks/Dunkin/Wawa, I'm happy! This place makes me happy!
Check out this new branch, it's worth a stop. Food is a bit expensive (and I'm also not used to tipping for donuts, coffee, or fried chicken), but give it a try before you blow it off. There are some awesome fancy donuts, and their hot donuts are great too. Likewise, try the fried chicken, it's definitely not the usual that you expect!After seeing this shop from an article of top fried chicken joints in the country, I got to try it and it does not disappoint. Tried the buttermilk ranch and was awesome. Tried their basic selection of donuts and it is great and filling. I got to try their fancy donuts next.This place unleashes my inner fatty to the max!
Casual no frills donuts and fried chicken.  That's all they got and that's all they need to have a line that will be out the door on a Sunday morning/afternoon.
I would come here more so for donuts than for their chicken.
Come early if you want their specialty donuts that they only make a limited amount of each day.
Fresh donuts are made and flavored in combo with sugar mixture.  They are so fluffy and sooooo delish!!!
For chicken we ordered wings with sweet soy garlic. This is one of their "wet seasonings".  It was pretty salty for our taste, but flavorful.
Our friend got the half chicken with dry seasoning buttermilk ranch and that was overwhelming.  The seasoning is "dry" and makes your mouth super dry.  There's a lot of flavor going on and on top of that, really salty.  It's worth trying but I would recommend ordering a half portion and splitting it.
All orders come with a donut (lemon?) and pickle slices. (love the pickles here!)
They have outdoor seating and will bring your food out to you so no need to wait inside.
They also have Dr. Brown's sodas which is so rare to find in places.  Black cherry, root beer, cream soda... they're all so good!This hype train has been running full steam for quite some time now. So, needless to say, when I learned they had a new location near Penn's campus, where I work, I said to myself, "I want to go to there." And, go to there I did.
My wife and I set up a lunch date and met at the newest Federal Donuts location. It's a small spot and other than a picture of a chicken, there is nothing else, like a name, telling you are in the right place. They have a small amount of seating. The line was packed with college students thirsting for the popular Federal Donuts stuff. I could tell by the chatter that many were first timers like us.
We got a crumberry and a marshmallow donut. Both were real tasty. Moist and full of flavor. Certainly better than the average donut. We were off to a good start.
For the chicken, we got the Buttermilk Ranch flavor. It was a nice bonus that it also came with a donut, but it was one of their plainer donuts and nothing special. The size of the chicken pieces was a bit odd. Not sure how they cut it up, but nothing to be alarmed by, or is it? El gato!!! Kidding, probably not.
The chicken was cooked well. It could have been a little crispier for my taste. The meat was nice and juicy. But the seasoning was "woah wait a minute" powerful. As the salt rushed through my veins, I swear I heard "Who Let the Dog's Out" in the background.
If not for the seasoning fail, not to mention the hype train that came to a major halt, I might have rated this higher. But get drunk enough, like I imagine many of the Federal Do-NUTS purveyors do, than maybe your taste will be numb to the over powering salt.
I might be back for a donut, but I will take a pass on the chicken.I always have a good experience here, the employees are always sweet and attentive, the shop is clean and bright with window light, and the donuts are definitely some of the best in Philly. Their outside seats are a plus. Their chocolate churro donut is amazing!I sometimes get coffee here in the morning and it's really good. I really like the counter setup where you prepare your coffee. There are no individual sugar packets and regular metal spoons are put out for stirring, there is a clean and dirty container for the spoons. I have also had doughnuts on occasion and they are always delicious, the flavors are creative. This is NOT Dunkin Donuts, expect something refreshingly new and 100x better. I have also had the chicken sandwich twice, also very good. To top everything off the staff is awesome and they always have interesting music playing.There is absolutely something magical about their donuts. I wish they had a location over in the Northeast so I could get them more often.Yummy donuts! Good quality, although I wasn't particularly blown away by the donuts. (Note: chicken only available for lunch -- not for breakfast!) They had quite a few good flavors; my favorite was the blueberry, with the strawberry lavender coming up as a close second.Fresh hot donuts?  Yes please.  Made to order fresh and hot, the bag is steaming, and smells wonderful.  It's a classic old fashioned donut dressed up with flavors like "strawberry lavender".  I enjoyed my donut selection fresh and warm.  I believe these donuts are best enjoyed seconds after they are put in your hand.  A definite must try.Years ago, on a trip to Vancouver, BC, we were directed by a friend to go to a doughnut shop in the neighborhood of Deep Cove. They were amazing. Well, Philadelphia is now number one -- Federal Donuts. A direct quote from my husband "these are the best doughnuts I've ever had." This is from a man that generally doesn't eat fried dough -- gives him heartburn. We had the lemon meringue. The doughnut was intensely lemony with a layer of sweet meringue. We also had a butter pecan -- divine. We will be back for more sweet treats (and their fried chicken)Their hot fresh donuts are AMAZING! However, be mindful that they're not the standard donut (the fluffy Krispy Kreme kind). It's a lot more a dense and bready. But they make it to order ("hot fresh" donut) so it's very delicious! Actually though, they're even good later. We bought a dozen and froze them. 
Three different flavors: 
1. Cookies n creme
2. Strawberry n lavender
3. Cinnamon brown sugar 
^ They're all coated with sugar (not frosting or glaze).. so they look the same. Strawberry n lavender is the sweetest of them all (so not my personal preference). I couldn't REALLY taste the cookies n creme. Personally like the cinnamon brown sugar!Wowza I've never had a donut with this texture and so soft!  Glad I don't live here,  this could be a dangerous habit!Although I'm not a donut fan, I had a huge craving . My Husband stopped by around 8am & brought home some donuts to satisfy my craving. 
Federal Donuts did not disappoint! Heard so much about this place that I was hesitant on how good it could be. It was amazing!! 
We got the cinnamon and brown sugar, blueberry mascarpone, chocolate sea salt and salted tahina. 
The cinnamon and brown sugar was my favorite. Hot and the perfect blend of cinnamon sugar and salt. 
-Blueberry Mascarpone was very good too. Definitely on the sweeter side. 
- Salted Tahina was different, very unique. I liked it, didn't quite know how to describe it.
- Chocolate Sea Salt was okay, nothing exceptional.
Can't wait to eat more donuts( I'm not even a donut fan) and try their fried chicken!!Received old fashioned glaze donuts. They were just okay. These donuts were soft and fresh but they were quite greasy!! The glaze was sweet and fitting for this cake-like donut. My nephew wanted a strawberry lavender donut which he ate while it was ever-so-slightly sour from the strawberry sugar. The prices were quite pricey in comparison to very similar bakeries. The service was friendly and the time of ordering and receiving was fast. However, I hope to stumble upon an authentic bakery that makes delicious donuts! This place is ehh...Chicken wings and cinna brown sugar donut are delicious. Ran out of fancy donuts. Will come backI do have to say, in terms of taste, the doughnuts were absolutely delicious. I watched my cinnamon brown sugar selection be prepared right in front of me and it was definitely fresh and hot as promised. That being said, I don't think this place lived up to the hype that had been circulating around campus for months. These definitely are a world above our previous doughnut vendors so I can understand why people were excited for something new and gourmet, but maybe it's my aversion to cake-like doughnuts that left me feeling slightly let down.
Even so, my father and I decided to buy one of every flavor and he absolutely loved them. He took them home to the family who proceeded to text me thanking me for the delicious dessert.
Yes. The doughnuts are fantastic, the freshness is unparalleled and the decor is old-time adorable, just make sure you like cake-like consistency.Federal Donuts should stick to what they're good at, because adding a slice of Kraft American cheese to wings on a cold bun does not a fried chicken sandwich make. That being said, the chicken itself was obviously perfect as were the donuts I ordered. I don't enjoy their special flavors any more than the standard three, so if you go I recommend sticking to a half order with one or two donuts.I can't see how anyone would rate this place anything less than a 5. Only knock would be their beverage selection, it's par at best. The donuts are amazing. The fried chicken is cooked-to-perfection. Superb place to make your personal trainer earn their money. 
The service has always been great. The staff there are wonderful.Tried the moussa and soy garlic flavor fried chicken. Decided to try this place finally after hearing so much about it. Maybe part of the problem was walking in and expecting a little too much.  Maybe another mistake was not getting one of their specialty doughnuts. 
The flavor combinations for the chicken was definitely interesting. The soy garlic was crispy and sweet and delicious. The moussa flavor was interesting. The cashier described it as a falafel - like taste. I had gotten that sort of feel while I was eating the chicken, but it had more of a cumin flavor. Although the chicken was a bit dry, it was still pretty good. This meal also came with a complimentary plain doughnut. It was sweet, but a bit greasy. It kind of reminded me a little bit like the fried dough stick that would be served with a bowl of congee at a Chinese restaurant. 
However, I know I haven't had the full opportunity to have what this establishment has to offer. Will update this review once a doughnut is had!I stopped in during a break from classes at Wharton and indulged in a guilty pleasure...well, two of them; coffee and donuts.  The coffee was OK (I prefer a Starbucks Americano...black), but the donuts were fresh and delicious.  Specifically the old fashioned glaze was both perfectly light and heavy with goodness.  The cinnamon brown sugar was as good as advertised.  Maybe next time I will save room and try the chicken.I wish I could rate the chicken a 4-5 and the donuts a 3...
The donuts will put you in a diabetic coma, LOL, not really but they are so sweet!!!!
The fried chicken was flawless I had the pad thai flavor, and my friend had the buttermilk ranch, wait time was about 6 minutes, not bad, wasn't too crowded during the post lunch crowd.
The service was pretty lovely, I'll be back especially when mad mex is a half a block away!This place was oh so delicious! This was definitely a spot that I've had on my yelp list to check out for quite some time and I was glad it was near my workplace. 
 So I arrived at federal donuts and it's a small cute donut shop. I like that it offered a place where you can sit in and eat. When I arrived it was pretty crowded. I checked out the menu which was simple, it's basically fried chicken and donuts! If you want to try both their fried chicken and donuts you have the option to either get the 3 piece or 6 piece.  I decided to get the 3 piece chicken and that came with a honey donut all for 9.25 and I also got the chilli garlic sauce on the chicken however you have the option to get their special sauces on the side
The chicken was very unique but delicious, it was crispy, spicy and crunchy even their chicken breast was moist and flavorful and not all dry like typical chicken breast can be. The donut was warm and, honestly it taste like a donut pancake!  I was not expecting that at all, I thought it was gonna be cakey and dry cause it looked like a cake donut, but nope once I bit into it I noticed it was crisp on the outside and buttery on the inside.
Overall the staff was friendly and the service was fast. This is definitely your upscale KFC or Popeyes joint!!Potato donut is DELICIOUS! The donut is more soft, melt in your mouth cake, with delicious powder and cinnamon. I was pleasantly surprised by how light and yummy this was!The donuts are heavenly and this location never has a long line. I was able to order, pay and receive a dozen fresh donuts and big container of coffee (along with well packaged cups, cream and sugar) all in under ten minutes. The staff is very friendly, helpful and patient with customers choosing from the sizable menu of flavors.The outside of the store is ridiculously cute! I've always heard about this place, and finally I've gotten the time to stop by.  I decided to try the strawberry lavender and cinnamon sugar donut. One of the best donuts I've had by far. Will love to return to try their other donuts and chicken sandwich!Prime place for 1 of the better chicken sandwiches I have had the pleasure of eating. It was so good in fact I bought two... also having nothing to do with the size of the sandwich either. It may look small but 1 is def satisfying enough. To add they also have freshly made donuts and crafty ones but I can promise you, if you were looking for a good chicken sandwich this is the spot. My only problem is chicken starts cooking at 11am? I wanted it for breakfast one morning and had to wait for it to be "brunch" yeghh... and sometimes they're sold out of chicken... sure it's a good sign that obviously what I'm stating is true^^^^ but unfortunate if you really had a craving for their delicious chicken. So I end with.. "call ahead" lol. EnjoyCame here after a college tour of UPenn. I first saw this place recommended to visit on Food Network's Snapchat Story on National Doughnut Day and had to check it out. I love gourmet doughnut shops because they are not very common. Their non-specialty donuts are made hot and fresh on the spot and covered in cinnamon, strawberry lavender, or cookies'n'cream sugar. We tried each one and they were warm, soft (not too cakey), and delicious!  I was bummed we didn't get to try the specialty flavors because they were sold out-we were there around 4pm. 
Great service! The lady was really patient as my family stood at the counter deciding whether to get 4 or 6 donuts for the same price.I liked most of the donuts I tried here. I wasn't a big fan of the sprinkles donuts because they were too sweet and had an over powering flavor. I really enjoyed the other donuts though. The donuts are very soft and the texture is on point. The chicken here is also very good surprisingly. I tried the ranch flavored and it was very well made. Juicy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. The only downside is that the chicken is pretty pricey. 3 for $10 and 6 for $20, and the size of the chicken is not that big. This place is a solid 4 stars out of 5.I had a cookie and cream donut and it was delicious!! Finding a parking space was a nightmare but it was worth it.Skip the chicken- it's meh, though a fun idea in theory.
The donuts, however, are AMAZING and flavorful without being too icky sweet. Beware of the line- I went on a random Tuesday and it was out the door. 
Call me pretty impressed!FRIED CHICKEN. SO GOOD. 
As usual with FedNuts, the dry rubs are definitely the way to go. The Furikake is light and Japanese-tasting, while the Moussa is a spicier Middle Eastern/Indian-ish flavor.
Also, the cookies and cream fancy donut is legit. 
The fact that this new location is so convenient for me is bad news for both my wallet and my health.The chicken is korean style (basically twice fried), so it's extra crispy. The chicken was pretty juicy. I had a dry rub curry chicken. I had no idea it was dry rub when I ordered, unfortunately. I much would prefer a glaze. Anyway, the dry rub didn't taste particularly good anyway. They offered a zatar rub (which I didn't want), and I think the zatar flavor probably mixed with the curry flavor somehow. So it tasted like curry zatar...not very good.
The donuts are underwhelming as well. Had a grapefruit brulee donut, which sounded great. Unfortunately it was really tart and acidic. Could definitely have used more brulee. The donut itself wasn't that great, and for some reason also tasted like zatar. Come on guys. Also had a vanilla donut, which was ok. The honey glazed donut is really just like a standard plain donut. When I think of glaze, I think GLAZE. I don't think it's going to look like a dunkin donuts plain donut with no glaze.
It's also expensive for what it is. And really stupid you can't just order a quarter chicken or chicken by the piece.
It probably deserves 2.5 stars.Federal Donuts are a must when going into Philadelphia. They make them fresh daily and warm when you bit into. I love the yummy taste! You never know what the flavors are until you get there, but you feel like you are in heaven.Great place for lunch. I was on a business trip to Philly working in the university hospital near by. This is were I get lunch almost everyday. 3 pieces fried chicken with a honey donut. Perfect portion for me. 
Chicken is always juicy. And seasonings are always on point, no matter if it is dry or wet. I've tried most of them, but my favorite is za'tar, and chili garlic. Meal comes with a donut. Simple food done really well.I just cannot get enough of their buttermilk ranch nor Za'atar fried chicken. And that beautiful hot cake sugar donut that comes with the crack chicken. Gets me, every.single.time.My awesome coworkers surprised me with federal donuts on my birthday. I had the salted tahini donut. It rocked my world. The premonition to add tahini to a donut? Still remains a mystery. Maybe it will be revealed at the next TED's conference.I have mixed reviews about this place. This particular time I did not have a good experience. When I ordered one of the hot made to order donuts, it accidentally rolled onto the floor. That's no big deal I'm sure they can make another one but I did not see them through it away. In fact I saw them pointing to it on the counter a few minutes later and then one of them reluctantly decided to throw it away. The fact is someone actually consider keeping it is disgusting. I immediately asked for a refund and the young person who took care of that did not bother to refund the tax. I will not be coming back.The donuts are good...and that is a lot coming from a person who lacks a sweet tooth! They are soft, freshly baked, flavored well, and have just the right degree of sweatness! 
The fried chicken too is good: the frying oil appears healthy, the chicken is fresh and is fried crispy with spices thrown over (which you can choose) that are zesty on their own! The only downside is that they are too overpriced, 4 little pieces (barely 2-3 inches) of fried chicken at 9.99. 
This place is definitely worth a try, and if you care (or can afford to care) less for your pocket, then it is even worthy of becoming one of your favorites!The bf took me here on a Sunday morning to complete our week-long adventure / disaster of eating nothing but the best, unhealthy, and most noteworthy Philly food. He swore by these donuts (and he's a huge fan of Krispy Kreme, like me, so I figured this would be good). We got in around 10:30 am and ordered one chocolate eclair and one vanilla spice donut. Both were perfection! The vanilla spice was hot and warm (took a few minutes to receive) and the chocolate eclaire, though not hot and not extremely large like regular eclaires, was also so fresh and delicious! Tasted like a chocolate cake! Prices were on par with premium bakeries, about $2-$3 per donut (?). Definitely recommend stopping here with your morning coffee!The Fried chicken and donuts is unique the flavor blends well with the half chicken but it wasn't really crunchy it tasted like battered chicken with out the crunch factor.  Donuts are tastyGreat food and even better service!!! Randell was amazing... And provided EXCELLENT customer service!!! Please keep up the great work!!Well, here I am finally reviewing FedNuts...and it's about time. I stop by here at least once a month because I just can't seem to stay away. First off, the store is very cute and in a great location near a lot of other restaurants and shops. The door is bright red and has a little bell that jingles when you walk in. I'm always greeted by one of the employees and the restaurant has a very warm, welcoming vibe which is nice. It also smells so good in there! 
As some others have stated, the donuts here are more like "cake donuts" and are not super airy and fluffy. There are two types: fancy donuts and hot & fresh donuts. The fancy donuts are made each morning and they do tend to run out by early afternoon. The hot & fresh donuts are made to order and freshly rolled in a flavorful, sugary mix. I'm a huge fan of FedNuts because I think the fancy donut creations are really innovative and nothing you can get anywhere else. 
The best donut I've ever had from here was the milk & coffee fancy donut. SO GOOD. The creamy frosting with coffee bean flakes mixed with the donut dough was divine. I've also tried the old fashioned fancy donut which was pretty delicious as well. 
I also stop here fairly often for the freshly brewed iced coffee which is super strong and tasty (and will keep you alert through long study sessions). If they're out of fancy donuts, you can't go wrong with the strawberry lavender fresh donut. It is sweet and tart and still warm when they hand it to you. Yum!! 
FedNuts gets 5/5 stars from me since the donut flavors are really unique, the atmosphere is great, the iced coffee is strong, and the location is just really convenient. Definitely stop by in the morning if you're in the area and want to try a fancy donut. Check the Instagram to see the featured flavors.Awesome donuts- got half dozen of their regular donuts. Strongly recommend the strawberry lavender. The fried chicken was pretty good. We had it with the chili garlic sauce- yum. Went there too late to try their fancy donuts except for the guava poppy which was ok. I ended up with a plain donut instead of the second guava donut that I ordered to go, so check your order before leaving the store. But I'll be back to try the rest of the fancy donuts.They are giving out free donuts for college students during the finals. Yayyy~ How generous!I have been to Federal Donuts a number of time and at both the Sansom Street (CC) and University  City locations.  Each time, I have left extremely disappointed, if not disgusted.
SERVICE:  HORRIBLE.  They really shouldn't advertise that they serve chicken wings if they are always going to have a limited supply and are always out of them.   It's a poor business model.  They need to have their cooks certified because serving raw chicken is definitely not up to code.  And having failing order/cash registers and turning away customers is also bad business.
Of the two times that I have been to the University City location, they were out of the wings.  We ordered multiple whole chickens and a dozen donuts.   Both times, we had pieces of chicken breast and chicken thighs that were NOT JUST UNDERCOOKED, BUT RAW INSIDE!  Sometimes, chicken have a pinkish color inside, even if it's cooked, but these were raw and slimy inside!  I thought they first time I went with my family was a fluke.  But shame on me for going back a second time with my boyfriend and experiencing the same problem!  It ruined our meal having raw pieces of chicken in front of us.  Each time, they replaced the specific pieces that were raw.  I think they should have done something better.  We have tried their seasonings and glazes - Coconut Curry, Za'atar Chili-Garlic, Buttermilk Ranch and Honey Ginger - none of which were that great.  The chicken were dry and salty.
I have also been to the Sansom Street (Center City) location twice.  The first time, they were out of chicken wings, so I didn't bother getting anything.  The second time, their cash register was down and they were turning away customers, asking them to come back in an hour, hopefully after their cash register was fixed.  Because I was heading to a party and wanted to bring donuts to the party, I asked if I paid exact cash, would they take my order.  They agreed but continued to turn other customers away.
The only good thing I have to say about my experiences is that their cinnamon brown sugar donuts are good, especially when it's fresh.If visiting University of Pennsylvania you have to stop by this place! Consider it a reward for walking around that huge campus. I think this was at the top of list of reasons to go there.  I got the Red Velvet donut which made me giggle it was so good. My daughter got a burnt caramel apple one, delicious. The place is small but has a lot of character. It's the kind of place you want to linger a bit.  Just look at the picture of the building, it's cute with a lot of character. The main thing is you will not find many shops like this, so definitely go there bc you won't be disappointed.I'm in LOVE. I visited in the late afternoon the first time I decided to try their food. I was a little disappointed that they were out of their specialty donuts other than the butter pecan (which paired well with the fried chicken I got anyway.) I got the za'atar seasoning on my chicken, and ordered a half dozen of their regular donuts. My favorite was the strawberry lavender. My mouth waters just thinking about the awesome flavors in their chicken and donuts. The next time I visited, I went early morning and was able to get a chocolate eclair donut. If a donut and a brownie had a baby id imagine it would taste something like this deliciousness. Check them out!Food: I ordered a strawberry lavender doughnut. It was light and warm. They bake it fresh out of the oven and I enjoyed it. 
Service: the server was friendly and kind. 
Price: it's around $1 for a donut. 
Overall, really enjoyed the doughnut and would come again to try a different flavor. I liked that it was fresh and came out of the oven every time you ordered it. Would recommend to anyone who comes to Philadelphia!Solid donuts and fried chicken. I'm not crazy about either of those foods, but have had quite a bit of FD due to its popularity at catered events and such around Penn. 
I am a fan of their exotic donut flavors - lavender, peppermint, etc - when they have them. But overall, fried chicken is fried chicken, and donuts are donuts, though I may be lacking sophistication on both counts. End verdict: slightly pricy, kinda tasty.I tried Federal Donuts for the first time yesterday (Sansom St.). Although the donuts I wanted to try were sold out, I decided to try the chicken which comes with a honey dipped donut which was AMAZING!!!! The staff, Hagan and "Y", were great! Very friendly and helpful. I will be back!!!Meh. Doesn't live up to the hype.
Expensive mediocre Korean fried chicken (3 pieces for $10). The leg was overcooked and the breast skin fell off between fryings. The donut was stale. Served by disinterested hipsters. It's not a comfortable place to dine in either.Donuts and fried chicken are on the menu. Fried chicken was good but wasn't perfect or something you want get again and again.. The quality of chicken was great, seasoning good but something is off. Donuts is freshly made which is good but has smell of baking soda which makes tasty donut dough not attractive.... I tried it at different location and same taste, probably it's not my type of food...After brunch today I decided with a friend to indulge in some sweets. We found that there was a Federal Donut right in the area, and decided to go swing on by. We waked completely past the place the first go around the block, but we chalked that up to us being blind.
Inside, the worker was very unfriendly and short with us when we were asking questions about the fancy donuts. We ended up getting a plain glazed donut and a vanilla/chocolate iced one. I can't speak to the plain, but my donut was tasty. It could have been more fresh, but it was 1:00 in the afternoon.
In all, if your in the area on craving something sweet, swing by but definitely don't go out of your way.I was really looking forward to trying federal donuts after hearing so much about how great they are. The donuts here are just ok. I didn't find them to be as good as what I can find back in NYC. 
Yes, they are made fresh and come served to you hot. They do melt in your mouth with each bite but in terms of taste they fell short. They have special donut flavors that change daily and they run our pretty quick. We were able to get in just before they closed and ordered a strawberry donut and an oreo donut. The strawberry donut had this really strong artificial flavor  that I really did not enjoy and it was covered in so much sugar. It was not good and one bite was all I could take of that one. The Oreo donut was a bite better. It had a good vanilla glaze with chunks of crumbled cookie so in a way the oreo cookie itself made the donut taste better. 
Overall, I think one experience here is enough for me.Heard a lot about this place over the years, so I was finally near enough to one and decided to visit. Glad I did! The donuts are richer and fuller than any I've had before, but they had better be packing some oomph at $2.50 a pop! Plus, they are warm and super fresh having been made on site. I ordered the classic glazed and butterscotch pecan--mmmmm, heavenly good! Didn't try the chicken or any of the drinks, but that gives me even more reason to return soon hopefully! As a side note, there's a lot of construction going on nearby this place right now, so be mindful that you might have navigate around it depending on what they're doing.A little overprice for fried chicken, but thinking about the portion size its a great meal for $10. The different glazes or sauces are all distinct and interesting - I really enjoyed this Asian one I can't remember the name of, maybe Thai something or other? The donuts are honestly hit or miss in my opinion. The cinnamon when it's hot is fantastic but a mint chocolate one I had (and I love the flavor typically) was too much. That being said, coffee is above average as well and it's a cool little place.Donuts can be good but they are over priced. 
The menu never changes so there could be a better offering. 
Find the chicken to be really greasy and hard to eat. 
People really like it but it's a pass for meSomething feels really wrong about leaving a 5 star review after only eating a doughnut but what can I say this mornings grapefruit brle doughnut was excellent. Soft and fluffy with a grapefruit aftertaste.  The brle texture was much closer to a glaze than a hard brle.Delicious stuff!! Chicken wings + chicken sandwich + triple chocolate donut = heaven = I'll work if off later ;. Place is small but the service is fast and friendlyI was here recently and I can't wait to return again. I'm not sure which genius of a person decided to make a fried chicken and donuts place but I am a little scared because they must have been invading my dreams. I am a huge fan of donuts, even ones that are not that good which is why I was so happy when I heard this place was opening in U City. For donuts you have the option of either fresh hot donuts or specialty ones that they have already made. Word to the wise try both and go early. Both because they are delicious and early because when a flavor is gone for the day it is gone for the day. The fried chicken is great as well. You can get it plain or with some sauces or spices. Try a couple because they are all delicious. Oh and a plain donut comes with each order of chicken. And the cuts of chicken are a little different, and better, than what you get at the colonel.
The location is good, right on restaurant row in U City. The place itself is a bit small inside with counter seating but worth the slight crampedness because it is delicious.
I will be returningThis little store was the best part of my trip to the UPenn campus. Their cake doughnuts were perfectly soft, and each flavor was unique and tasty. The Hot Chocolate had a dusting of cocoa and mini mallows on top, which was fun. The Tres Leches was an an awesome replacement for the classic glazed. The best part was their fried chicken (yeah, that's right) and the crispy batter it was coated in.The donuts were pretty much chicken grease and  dough. My friend is begging me to try another location- we shall seeSo much light and fluffy!
Federal Donuts opening on campus was such a delight and disappointment, as I had already graduated and wouldn't be able to enjoy the feeling of sinking my teeth into hot doughy cake on a bright morning. I popped in during Homecoming and walked out with a still warm cinnamon brown sugar hot cake. I think the most welcome surprise is the hot steam that rushes out after the first bite. There was a little too much sugar caked on for my liking, but the freshness was well worth the indulgence.
I would love to see options to purchase smaller portions of fried chicken, as I didn't want a whole lunch and just wanted to try it out. However, their donuts are something to write home about and a must try of the new establishments on campus.I am really not a donuts person, I thought If I try this famous place and get really good donut and I ll love it. But still, not at all.Some of the best donuts I've ever had.  Be sure to order some cinnamon-sugar donuts, fresh from the fryers.  You will not be disappointed.   I've heard very good things about their fried chicken as well, but haven't had chance to try it for my self.Great customer service! Very friendly and welcoming. However donuts just weren't that tasty.  Maybe I came at a bad time.  I really wanted to like the product after all of the great reviews. It is so hard to find exceptional customer service and then for the product to not live up to my expectation. The service alone guarantees I will give them another try.The customer service here is laughable.  I walked out without purchasing anything because I was so annoyed.  First, I was completely ignored while the person working waited on his friend who came in behind me even though I was first in line.  Then, I asked for a box instead of a bag and was told they couldn't give me a box unless I bought six donuts.  I even offered to pay for the box and was laughed at and told no.  Maybe it's just me, but I feel like the service should be better when they're charging almost $3 for ONE donut.  I will not be returning.I went here today at the location in University City.  So good!  I had been craving something with lemon for quite some time, so I go the lemon ricotta donut. Oh. E,. Gee. It was fantastic!! Absolutely hit the spot.  Tangy and sett with a hint of tart.  The flavor pairings were perfect!
My co-worker got the vanilla lavender one, warm and hot.  I tried a bit, so delicious!  Not too sweet and really flavorful! 
We wanted to get some chicken to try as well, but you cant just get one piece (you have to get a few pieces of chicken, I wish you could order 1 chicken breast or a smaller amount) or just a few wings (I think the minimum is 9 wings) and we figured it would be too much food so we just stuck with the donuts.  I will have to come back soon and try the chicken!Archive was excellent despite being swamped, since they just opened. We're out of wings but I got the moussa (middle eastern falafel-type spices) half chicken for the same price. Only took a few minutes and was as delicious as I had expected. This is the best development since I started working at Penn.Great place to stop for a quick bite.   I went on National Doughnut day, but they weren't particularly celebrating.   The donut was excellent, however, and I have had their fried chicken on other occasions, finding it excellent, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  Not good for the waistline, but a great picker-upper during a hard day.Fantastically delicious donuts. We have tried several different flavors and they don't disappoint. This is a great stop for dessert after dinner at one of the restaurants on that street. Not much sitting space but you can just get the donuts to go!!!Came here in the early morning for a quick coffee and a fancy donut. The coffee was really good- strong and not watery.  I had a churro donut which was great.  The donuts have a cake like density which made it really different from any donut I have tried before. It was really sweet- but in a good way.  I could only eat about half of it because I not really a super sweets in the morning person. As I sat there I could smell the fried chicken- it was mouth watering- I just couldn't bring myself to ordering fried chicken at 730AM.  I will definitely be back before my trip ends to try the fresh hot donuts and hopefully the fried chicken!Super disappointing location! No wonder this location is always empty. Half of the pieces of fried chicken were super dry and the donut that comes served with it was cold!!!! Tasted terrible. Whole point of the fresh and hot donut is that it is served HOT. Never coming back to this location....I've had their donuts twice and they're amazing! Coffee is good too! Get there early if you want a box!3.5
Gourmet donuts that are above average compared to Dunkin. Maybe I'm just not a donut guy. I've heard the chicken is unexpectedly good here.Any business with hundreds of reviews in yelp deserves a  visit. I am originally from New York City. 
In New York we have some pretty heavy donut hitters, Planet Donut, Dough etc.  -- how did this one stack up? 
Aside from the uniqueness of serving fried chicken also (which I did it not try), there was nothing outstanding about the place.
 The person behind the counter seemed annoyed with helping us or was just having a bad day. Probably cuz they open ridiculously early. Strangely, we were the only ones in the store. Menu selection is few, compared to Nyc varieties. 
If you focus on just a few type of donuts, the few you make better be above average. 
Not the case with my visit. The donuts were soft and edible, but I've also had the same from other places. The blueberry and churro donuts are no different than any other donut shop (these are premade)
One small cup of coffee, six donuts later : I was on my way with pockets 15 dollars lighter ($$$)I was excited to try this but was disappointed!
WAIT: Came on a Sunday around 1pm and there was only 1 other person in front of us ordering.  We waited about 5-7 minutes for our chicken and donuts to be ready. 
ATMOSPHERE: It's small inside, with a bar like table that seats probably 16 or so people.  There are also some chairs outside.  You order first then sit down and enjoy!
FOOD: The "fancy" donuts are premade and when they sell out, they sell out.  The other donuts, I can't remember the name..I think they are the classic? Are the "hot" donuts which are made to order and the flavors are different.  The fried chicken comes with 3 pieces and can be dry or glazed.  You then choose which seasoning or flavor you want on top.  
FRIED CHICKEN - We ended up getting the 3 piece dry chicken with the zatar seasoning.  The seasoning is like this mediterranean spices and they DOUSE it on.  It was fully covered and a little overwhelming.  The spices were almost too salty to enjoy the chicken.  The fried chicken itself was very crispy and good. The batter wasn't light and flaky but just very crispy on the outside.  Almost like when you make fish and chips.  The dark meat was juicy and tasty but the white meat was a little dry.
DONUTS - We got the cinnamon hot/fresh donut and then the honey donut that comes with the fried chicken.  Both donuts are what I call "cakey" donuts, meaning the dough is brittle and crumbly and not soft and fluffy.  The flavor was decent, the cinnamon one was just doused in cinnamon sugar.  The honey was a plain donut, which complimented the overly salty chicken but again, nothing amazing.  Since I prefer "yeast" or fluffy like donuts, I didn't quite like these.
Overall, maybe a different seasoning or flavor would have made the fried chicken better and if you like cakey donuts, you'll like this.I am not a donut eater but these donuts changed my life. They are airy, tasty and everything!!One of the best chicken sandwiches I've ever had. The fresh donuts were amazing!! Totally worth coming here. This was the first place I visited in Philly.Ok, so FD has been popular on the Yelp-sphere for quite some now and I was really excited (like for real) to finally stop into one of their locations. Because I was a newbie I ordered both chicken and donuts. Let's start with the bad news first. Now, the chicken wasn't bad, but are the wings tempura fried? That threw me a little bit, but the honey ginger sauce made up for it. It actually tasted like real ginger. My gripe isn't really with the wings, but that price?!? Almost $10 for 5 puny wings and a donut?! Nah pleighboy. I can't justify that price when I know I can get 5 large wings for $4 at a Colombian spot in North Philly. 
The donuts are a different story. Those things are pretty great. I had the apple pie donut and it definitely reminded me of the real thing. 
As good as the donuts are, I'm not that much of a donut lover to trek all the way from the Northeast to get some. And for the chicken? As good as it was, not worth $10 for 5 little wings. Sowwy.The strawberry lavender doughnut is the single greatest doughnut I've ever had. First of all, it does not leave a greasy film in your mouth, it's perfectly cooked to be crisp on the outside with a cloud-like inside. The flavor profile is more like strawberry cinnamon sugar with slight touch of refreshing lavender. I wish I still lived in Philly just for this doughnut.What's with all the hype?  It was decent but I didn't think it was all the rave.  Granted, I didn't get the chicken.  Just 2 donuts:  Salted Chocolate and Sticky Bun. Both were dry.  I've had better.My favorite dang donuts ever!! I didn't ever consider myself a donut person until I tried the hot strawberry lavender ones. Now, I can't stop talking about it and I bring my friends here all the tomeI consider the donuts I have eaten in the past as imposters.  These donuts are by far the best I have ever tasted.  The consistency, the flavor...it's amazing!  Full disclosure: I ate two.  (I regret nothing!)  I tried the blueberry marscapone and the salted chocolate.  The blueberry was out of this world on the deliciousness scale.  The salted chocolate was a little underwhelming to be honest, but still good.  The only gripe that I have about this store is that they don't have decaf coffee.  (I'm sensitive to caffeine, so I can only have small amounts...not even a full cup.)  Oh, and that there are SO many tasty options to try!  They should have a donut sampler as an option.  :)  Anyway, if you're in the area, this is a MUST especially if you are a donut fan.  It will knock your socks off!DONUTS!!! Oh my, what a treat after a delicious brunch next door at White Dog Cafe.
Super cute exterior with patriotic colors. Then you step inside and are greeted by a friendly and knowledgable cashier ready to serve you your delicious sugary donut.
We decided to get the butter pecan (so much yas! Their description was perfect: if you like butter pecan ice cream, you'll like this donut), strawberry cheesecake (the cheesecake factor was missing for me, but this was amazing nonetheless) and the strawberry lavender served hot (this was THE BEST ONE purely because it's served warm. Can we say mouth-orgasm??).
You must visit one of the locations of you live in Philly or in town visiting otherwise, you'll definitely regret not trying these amazing donuts.My favorite donut place in Philly. I recommend the lavender strawberry. It comes out warm. Nice and crispy in the outside from the sugar and being fried. Soft and moist in the inside. Their donuts aren't too sweet, which I love. Also, their chicken sandwich is a winner!Any of these locations are a must visit when in Philadelphia. They only sell three things, but all are done absolutely perfectly. I'm from the South and can honestly say this fried chicken is the incredible (get the chili garlic). The donuts are amazing (Any of the freshly made ones). My one caveat on the donuts is to make sure to eat them the day of (You won't have any problem with that) as they can grow old and lose their magic quickly. Lastly, the coffee is amazing. Just eat anything from Michael Solomonov's restaurants. It's all amazing.Something feels really wrong about leaving a 5 star review after only eating a doughnut but what can I say this mornings grapefruit brle doughnut was excellent. Soft and fluffy with a grapefruit aftertaste.  The brle texture was much closer to a glaze than a hard brle.
Went back the next day and got strawberry shortcake. It was great, grapefruit brle was better.This spot's chicken is amazing, and if they didn't sell donuts, there would be 5 stars up there.  Every flavor chicken was awesome, but the spicy/honey was out of this world.  
They just opened one 2 blocks from me and Im already buying bigger clothes.We don't get into Philly much, but after hearing rave reviews of federal donuts we figured we take the opportunity to try some.  I got a fresh made cinnamon and sugar doughnut and my husband got a chocolate eclair and some sort of grapefruit doughnut.  They were good, But fell short of the rave reviews that this place gets.  We've definitely had better donuts elsewhere.  Service was prompt and super friendly.A doctor at my job brought a few boxes of these in on Friday for staff. This was my first time having them, although I've heard a lot about these donuts. They were great. Very soft and not too sweet.Federal donuts is a great alternative to the other sweet shops in the area. Although higher in calories, it really satisfies your sweet-tooth cravings. I highly recommend the grapefruit brulee donut if you are looking for a tangy/sweet flavor. The strawberry shortcake donut is another favorite. The service is usually very quick during the day, but can be slower between 5pm-7pm. I definitely recommend to try their coffee, as they have their own coffee blends that taste a lot like La Colombe coffee. Today, I got the strawberry/lavender fresh donut and it tasted great. They make it in front of you and dip it into strawberry/lavender flavored sugar. If you are the type of person who gets the occasional sweets craving, definitely try Federal Donuts!I've been to this location twice and the staff has always been friendly and upbeat and the donuts have been great each time. The glazed chicken I had was also hot and fresh, delicious, and maybe a little messy but that's expected. I've been known to rave about Federal Donuts to friends and haven't been let down yet. It's pricey but worth it.Good: OMG, I think I may have found what is my donut type. CAKE DONUTS!! This location of federal donuts is in University City and a hit among students. I walked in on a very very rainy late afternoon (lucky me) and found the place to by empty.  The store still had some specialty donuts left for sale, which told me that it was indeed a slow day ;). What I picked:
- 2 speciality/ fancy donuts- Lemon Meringue and Apple Pie ($2.50) each 
-1/2 dozen of the hot fresh donuts (2 each of Vanilla Spice, Strawberry Lavender and Cinnamon Brown Sugar) ($6.00 for 1/2 dozen) or $1.50 each. These donuts are fried to order right in front of you. Seriously!
- 1/2 order of fried chicken with Dry Za'atar spice
- 1/2 order of the fried chicken with Buttermilk Ranch 
I waited a few hours to reach home in JC before trying out my FD haul, and I was not disappointed. The fancy donuts were good, but if people don't get a chance to try them, don't be disappointed since the hot fresh donuts are just as good. We have tried donuts from Beiler's bakery in Reading Terminal Market and I can say I am not a fan of cream fillings or toppings or glazes. The cake donuts from FD is my new love and I think I will not go back to eating regular donuts again.
Bad: :( why don't they have a location in NJ. Wahhhh!!!!!! But on the others and, am glad they don't have a location, or I would have to buy a whole new wardrobe after eating these beautiful babies. I think FD staff forgot to add the strawberry lavender donuts in my bag and instead I got 4 of the vanilla spice and 2 of the cinnamon sugar donuts. But no worries. Will have to trek to FD to get the strawberry lavender soon :)
Ugly: c'mon! How can anyone say anything bad about this place, unless they couldn't get a hand on these donuts. :D
Pro-tip. buttermilk ranch chicken and Za'atar are the most popular chicken flavors.Got the fried chicken sandwich, a bit pricey but very fresh. The chicken had a great crunch and went well with the Spicy aioli. Will definitely visit again.What is it about the Solomonov enterprises?  How does he motivate the staff to consistently deliver a great customer experience?  The donuts and the chicken are great but what gets to me is that the folks who work there CARE.  They are proud of their product and they share the enthusiasm with customers.  I don't live in Philly but I am a frequent visitor.  I never come to town without going to one of the Solomonov places.delicious donuts. i came here specifically for the phish themed fishman donut and it did not disappoint. good coffee, and nice outdoor seating area too. not to mention, the employees were super friendly!I love federal donuts and this location doesn't disappoint! The line moved fairly quickly for a Saturday morning. I loved the orange dream fresh hot donut; however, I prefer the vanilla lavender at the center city location.
There's much more room/seating here as compared to the rittenhouse/center city location which is great!LOVED LOVE LOVED IT! The flavors are so unique and their hot fresh donuts are exactly that. This location is also darling- it gives the old style Philadelphia feeling right in the middle of university city. This is a must try. Especially since the donuts are only a couple bucks.If I could eat Federal Donuts everyday, I would. There is something so obviously brilliant about the combination of donuts and fried chicken it's hard to believe it hasn't been done before. I'm a fan of all of their dry rubs, paired with a vanilla spice donut.Donuts are fantastic and so is the coffee! Got butter pecan and the brown sugar donut. Want to Come back and try the chicken one day.The 3-piece order of chicken is such a great value. It comes with huge pieces of 1 thigh, 1 breast and 1 drumstick PLUS  a sizable honey donut all for $10!. The chicken is fried to order and it has a nice crunchy skin. The dark meat was of course more moist than the white breast but it was all very good. You get your choice of 3 dry seasonings or 3 glazes. I went with the za'atar seasoning. It had a peppery kick to it but don't think I would get this again. All of the seasonings are added on after the chicken is fried so I guess you could also get it plain. The honey donut was so good. It's a cakey-version (so not soft and fluffy like yeast donuts) and I really enjoyed it. It doesn't really taste like honey but a sweet (but not too sweet) vanilla cake.
I also had the cinnamon brown sugar, crunchy nutella and strawberry milkshake. The cinnamon brown sugar is a "hot and fresh" donut so this is your typical soft yeast donut - it was very good and comes loaded with brown sugar crystals. The nutella and strawberry are the cake varieties. Though I love nutella, I didn't really get the hazelnut flavor - still very good though. The strawberry was amazing - my favorite. 
This location is quieter and less busy than the one in the city center so the service is more laid back. Cute spot though in a townhouse.This fried chicken though. We got a half order of moussa and the soy glaze--I preferred the latter, although the moussa was also tasty. Neither the menu nor the employees told us that each half order of chicken comes with a plain donut, so make sure you take those into account before ordering more donuts (not that extra donuts were a bad thing!). There's also outdoor seating now that the weather is nicer, right along all the other cute eateries on Sansom.Just OK, nothing to write home about. The guava poppy was very tart, tasted artificial (although I'm used to great guava as I'm from Miami) and the lemon meringue was sooo tart you almost couldn't enjoy it. Cold brew coffee was very good!Donuts are creative
Chicken pieces small
Don't care for the ranch
Sauces good
Would give another try
Would love some sidesThe few times I have been here, the donuts were always made fresh, like put in the fryer fresh when I ordered them.  It takes a few minutes for them to cook and top them but when you get them it's a totally unique expierence.  They are not warm, they are hot!!!
The texture, taste and everything is instantly better.  I have never had such freshly made donuts.
The downside is when they cool off they are basically the same donut you can get anywhere.
Would most certainly recommend a (hot)fresh donut here over any other local place I have been to.I was shopping in the area and came in with baby girl to handle our sugar fix. She got a chocolate one that tasted like a box cake with chocolate icing (good thing). I got the fresh out the fryer cinnamon sugar which I would order over and over again. I'm happy I don't live near because they were too good.It was so good, I am not a donut/doughnut guy but wow. The best thing here was that I was purchasing for a UPenn nurses tending to my father. When I explained why, the woman gave them to me. The fried chicken and donuts are clearly fresh, great ingedients.
Thank you!Decent... But I seriously don't get the hype. Almost all the donuts are the same with a different frosting. Further, slow service. 
Reading Terminal has better donuts. And Yum Yum in the 'burbs are also better.So after beer and mussels at Monk's, we decided to trek on over to FD. It was late on a Sunday afternoon- we weren't expecting their full line up to be available. As we guessed, they weren't. All of the fancy donuts they offer were as good as gone. That's ok- we expected that.
We decided to order to two of their fry to order, sugared donuts- the vanilla and the cinnamon. Both were awesome. Like, seriously awesome. They were warm, but not piping hot- the exterior had a touch of chew but the inside was like velvet. No lie.
We hope to be back and try some of their more eccentric offerings but we have little faith that will happen. We rarely wake up before 7 a.m. and from the sounds of it from the workers- we have no shot. :(As a visitor from Rhode Island, where artisanal doughnut purveyors are on their A-game, a friend told me I had to try Federal Donuts. I had a hot fresh cookies and cream - I'm glad I did that instead of glazed because the flavored sugar was really good. The donut melted in my mouth, but also didn't seem totally cooked - it tasted like hot batter. I appreciated the small size but was left yearning for a cooked cake donut. I'd go again to try the fried chicken, but encourage folks from the City of Brotherly Love to try PVDonuts, Knead, and Allie's!Fried chicken & donuts - great starting pitch.  Like a hipster's dream. Fried chicken is cooked well with crunchy crisp skin but still moist inner meat.  The available flavor choices are dumped onto the chicken after frying, and by dumped I literally mean dumped all over.  The donuts offered interesting flavor combinations, but they all seemed to be a standard starting base donut with again the flavoring dumped/coated all over it.  Worth a try to fulfill your curiosity.Since I was in the UPenn area and looking to try something new, I ordered half a dozen "fancy donuts". This rang up to $13. For future reference, it's $2.75 each and $24 for a dozen.
The flavors were: Irish potato, pink marshmallow, cookies & cream, PB malt, pastelito, and chocolate^3. I was a bit disappointed, since none were amazing in taste. In my opinion, I've had better, less expensive donuts.So glad that Federal Donuts now has a University City home! I've been very pleased with the donuts, the coffee, and most recently, the fried chicken!  They offer a chicken sandwich on a potato roll with cheese, pickles, and spicy sauce, but they always accommodate my request for no pickles or spicy sauce with a smile!  The chicken is perfectly cooked and fried, and more importantly, moist and juicy on the inside.  Who would have thought donuts, chicken, and coffee would go so well together?  Federal Donuts has started a tasty culinary revolution!awesome donuts, the texture was just phenomenal. Their coconut fried chicken was also delicious. The coffee though, was just so acidy and hard to swallow :( Overall, awesome food and service, just not getting coffee there againTried almost all the items here.  Favorite is the strawberry lavender doughnuts!!!!Pros:
-Super cute donuts
-Fun flavors
-Base cake dough (same for almost all donuts except for the chocolate one) is moist and buttery (even though I tried them the next day!)
Pro/con:
-Since the cake base is the same for nearly all of them, the flavors come through in the icing and some of them are super strong. 
--
Ranked
Chocolate Old Fashioned
Glazed chocolate cake donut. By FAR the best one. Cocoa-y and not overly sweet. Of the bunch, I'd only buy this one again. 
Plain Glazed
Plain glazed cake donut. Not super flavorful, but decent. 
Pumpkin Maple Pecan
Cake donut with pumpkin maple glaze topped with pecans. The maple/pumpkin comes through but it was too sweet for me.
Key Lime Pie
Cake donut with key lime pie icing topped with graham cracker crumbs. Very strong key lime flavor. 
Apple Cinnamon
Cake donut with apple cinnamon icing. Tasted exactly like apple pie filling, if you're into that. 
Pineapple Brown Sugar
Cake donut with pineapple glaze. Pineapple glaze hits hard. Really tasted the sweetness and tartness of pineapple.
I would recommend the hot and fresh donuts (tried at another location)--Cookies & Cream was my favorite!Cinnamon brown sugar donuts, chicken sandwich, and the wings with the garlic sauce. That's all you need to know. This place was great! 
The donuts come out to you warm! The chicken sandwich has the right amount of sauce and pickle to chicken ratio and the wings have good amount of sauce. 
Best donuts I've ever had.I've been hearing a lot about this place. By the name of it, I thought it only served donuts, but NOPE, it has fried chicken. As someone who is pretty serious about chicken wings, I was excited to try them. 
If you order a half, you can only choose 1 flavor. If you order a whole, you can pick 2 flavors. So I ordered a whole - buttermilk ranch and moussa. I prefer more drumsticks and wings, but they gave me more thighs. They are nicely fried, the skin was crispy for the first bite. But the chicken became flavorless after I ate the skin. The meat was tender, but I wish the flavor would carry through the skin. Moussa was pretty interesting, it definitely has a kick to it. Buttermilk ranch was fine. The meal came with 2 regular donuts. They were nothing special, but I liked them. 
My friend told me that federal donuts was inspired by cafe soho (or bon chon chicken). I think i prefer bon chon chicken. I will try the fancy donuts next time.The staff are nice and the donuts are sooooo good! They're to die for. So warm and soft, with good flavor and an amazing smell. It tastes fresh and practically melts in your mouth.(^o^)
They have a different taste than most donuts, but they're really good. I have yet to try the chicken, but it smells good! 
I like how they have regular and fancy donuts ^_^
It's a very unique place, definitely worth a visit!Umm I was in a hurry and there was one person just standing around. NO other people there and I had to ask the other person to help get my order together (bc I was buying a big box of coffee as well).  I mean what are they doing?! I can only imagine what they do when it's busy. Just really terrible and lazy. And the donuts were terrible to boot, AND they were the fresh one. Again, can't imagine what the less fresh donuts would taste like. 
Oh and I think the manager was there initially and didn't even help-like how can he be a manager. Really upset. I even gave a tip on my card-sort of wanted it back afterwards.Sorry I didn't like the texture, It's kinda like I'm eating a glazed bread than a donut. I'm not a donut fanatic but sometimes I do crave for it and so going to this place which is just walking distance from my work I checked it out and find it unsatisfactory to my taste buds...Stopped in to Federal and found out from my Philadelphian friend that it's one of Solomonov's joints! I got so excited to try it. Originally from CA, I'm pretty familiar with craft and made to order donuts, and these really held their own against some of the other famous donut joints!
I had the hot coffee and a strawberry lavender donut. The coffee was above average ($2.75 for large). The main reason was to offset the sweetness of the donut, which it definitely did!
Donut: strawberry lavender was such a lovely combination! Strawberry was strong and a little sour while lavender mellowed out the dough. 
The only reason for -1 star was that the donut was too oily, and I believe this is one of the reasons that most of the sugar topping fell off into my hands as I bit into it. Maybe I'll try a creamy donut next to see if it works out better logistically!I've heard so many good things about this place that I wanted to definitely give it a try! The donuts were amazingly delicious and there were so many different flavors. The donuts had a nice dough-y and moist feel as you bite into them. I really enjoyed the blueberry mascarpone and marshmallow marshmallow ones and would definitely recommend those.Unless you want to pay $2.70 for a single donut,  don't waste your money here. They keep increasing the prices, yet the quality of the donut stays the same. It is a rip off. The chicken is also really overpriced and very greasy. The chicken flavor is too salty. You will pay $9.50 for only 5 less-than-average/greasy/salty pieces of chicken.Federal donuts was on my bucket list before leaving Philadelphia- unfortunately I moved away before I ever got to try it. I'm now regretting not going earlier!
We picked up 18 donuts for a bridal shower on Saturday morning- while I was picking that up, I also grabbed a coffee and milk donut and a coffee for myself. The coffee was percolater and pretty typical, but that donut - oh my god that donut. It might be the best donut I've ever eaten! 
The rest of the party also liked the donuts-we also got strawberry lavender, chocolate eclair, and cinnamon brown sugar. Everyone still agreed that the coffee and milk donuts were the best! I'll be making a stop at Federal donuts frequently when I'm back in Philly.Regular Order:
- 2 Cinnamon Sugar Donuts 
- Small Coffee
Environment: 
- Federal Donuts offers an open environment that is conducive to conversation. However, it does not have much seating, so it is best to grab-and-go. 
Costumer Service: 
- Federal Donuts offers exemplary costumer service. The employees are personable, prompt, and form relationships with their costumers. 
Price to Portion:
- The Federal donut price to portion ratio is good. Though it is not as cheap as other donut places, it offers a fair price for the quality it offers. 
Suggestions: 
    1.  I would suggest that more simple donut and chicken flavors be offered. Though elaborate flavors tend to temporarily attract costumers, at the end of the day, most people are looking for a simple, high quality donut. 
    2.  Though the coffee is good, I would suggest making higher-quality coffee that would compliment the quality of the donuts.Just went this a.m. with my son for the first time to this location. I've already been to the CCity location and South Philly. That said, this was by far the best overall experience. Upon entering, to my surprise/delight, there was NO ONE else there! The donuts are always fantastic, so nothing changes there. The service has historically been good, but today was even better. And the best part is that it's WAAAY bigger than in South Philly, and slightly larger than CCity, so sitting is no problem. There is even an outdoor terrace with 2 tables, which we took full advantage of on such an awesome day. Keep up the good work, guys. We'll be back here soon!This place is good. Im from NY and this was def some of he best fried chicken ive ever had. They double fry the chicken and add either sauce or dry sprinkling of your choice and serve with an old fashioned doughnut. Texture of the chicken was perfect, super crispy outside and super juicy inside. I do wish they were more generous with the sauces/ flavorings. You pretty much get one side with flavor while the other side is plain. But overall really good. Doughnuts are 3/5. Theyre more on the cakey side. I prefer hollow doughnuts but they werent bad.The donuts and chicken are always on point. There's not a more special treat then to find yourself close enough to stop by Federal and brighten your day with 2 of our country's greatest indulgences friend chicken and gourmet donuts!Federal donuts may be the most appetizing, yet most un healthy thing ever. I cannot stop eating it. If you want to enjoy life just eat fried chicken and donuts.Good but not amazing donuts. They are nice warm though. Fried chicken could be good. Tried cinnamon but strawberry lavender might be better.Ate: OMG, so many fresh donuts.  And chicken.  The chilly garlic. So messy I think I used like 3 wet wipes and still smelled it on my hands hours later.
Drank: N/A
Liked: FRESH doughnuts! Where can you even get this anymore?
Disliked: Seating was weird if you wanted to share, but it's a minor gripe.
Chicken: Ohhhhh baby.  If you get the wet glazed flavors, be prepared with lots of napkins or wet wipes.  So spicy.
Would mom like it?: Uhh.. does a bear crap in the woods?
Would I go back: Yes!
Recommend: I didn't try any of the fancy doughnuts since I can't resist fresh ones, but they looked amazing.So worth it. Hot, fresh donuts every time. The perfect thing to grab on the way to a holiday partyI have lived a block from this place for almost two years and finally got around to trying it today to see what all the hype is about. Let me tell you, the donut lived up to my expectations. I got there around 3:45 and there were only three fancy donuts left in addition to their three regular donuts but no blueberry mascarpone, which is what I wanted to try the most. I went with the cinnamon brown sugar, fresh from the fryer, which is their standard donut. 
One word: delicious. This is how a donut should be, not the imitations you can get at Dunkin Donuts (even though I love their breakfast sandwiches). There was a good amount of cinnamon brown sugar covering the donut, and it was fried to perfection. I'm going to work my way through the menu, next up for my second visit will be the blueberry mascarpone, which may be tomorrow morning given how tasty this flavor was. 
Definitely get there as early as you can because the donuts go quick. I didn't try the fried chicken as I'm not a fan of it, so I'm not sure how it is but from what I hear it is equally as good.Do I always eat like this? No but when I want fried chicken and a donut this is where I go! The buttermilk friend chicken is amazing. It reminds me of cool ranch doritos! They also give you a honey donut to go with it... YUM! To be honest, I always go donut before chicken. Tourists, this is a go-to! :)Oh man... I could go for a Federal Donut right now.  This place is great... if you get there early enough to get the good donuts.  I particularly enjoy trying the different types of fancy donuts.  Don't be fooled though, these are not light and airy Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme esque donuts, these are very dense and much more flavorful.   I still haven't tried the fried chicken, but it certainly looks and smells delicious.  
The shop itself is hidden on Sansom Street so the crowd is a bit more local than tourist during the week, but it certainly gets busy on the weekends.Alas, the chicken was dry.  And I was disappointed since I've been wanting to try it for awhile-- thinking that there must be some magic to this place that sells only fried chicken & donuts... AND is affiliated with Michael Solomonov my hero from Zahav.  The coating was crisp and tasty and hot from the fryer.  But fried chicken's no good if it's not juicy.  I ordered the small sampler box with 4 pieces and a honey glazed donut.  The donut was ... a donut.  No magic here:(Ok, LONG overdue review: My fiance's parents had invited us and a few friends over for dinner, and as dessert they picked up an assortment of the Federal Donuts' various donuts for all of us to sample together. They must have gone early because they were able to get the strawberry-fennel, mocha, double chocolate, maple bacon, spicy peanut butter jelly...I feel like there were other flavors, but I honestly can't remember because there were so many piled on that platter - waaaaay too much for us to even finish!
We kept cutting small chunks off of each donut as we chatted. My fiance had tried their donuts before and had told me that they were rich and cakey - too much so to be able to finish a whole donut. I didn't believe him until I tried them myself, and he's right (for once, ha!). I would feel sick not long after eating one. As for the flavors, they're pretty good...when I could taste them. The cakiness masks many of the flavors, especially the sugary ones like the strawberry (seriously, there was NO fennel flavor), but glazed flavors like the PBJ were more pronounced, although I did not find that one spicy, and I could barely get a taste of bacon on the other one, which is a travesty since bacon flavor overpowers almost everything!
Next up, I've gotta try the fried chicken - in all it's incarnations - but why is it so impossible to buy before it sells out?! I want fried chicken for dinner dammit. Not everyone can join the lunch rush *sigh*Yummy! Brought home some delicious chicken tonight - Federal BBQ and Chili Garlic.  Also grabbed 1/2 a dozen fancies. So delicious! And convenient right on my way home from work.  
Love this place.  From all the awesome food, to the nice staff, to the cool setup and vibe in there.  Not to mention the sweet and efficient checkout process.  Love signing my receipt on screen with my finger. (dork ;) 
I'd try anything from this place. And with rotating flavors, I won't have long to wait for the next new thing!I was in Philadelphia for a day trip, and this was on my list of places to visit as I was looking up places to go eat. We stopped by a few minutes after it had opened, and the owner was extremely nice. I ordered their coffee, the milk n' cookies donut and the strawberry lavender donut. The milk n' cookies donut was okay, but the strawberry lavender, oh my God! It was like heaven! It was freshly made, hot off the line. I bought myself a box to take home because they were THAT good. The atmosphere, ambiance, staff definitely made this place feel welcoming. The price for the donuts are definitely reasonable and affordable, coming from a NY'er. I would definitely visit again  when I'm in Philly!Shabazzi dry rub chicken is the bomb. Donuts, not sure if they live up to the hype. Chocolate and p&b donut was okay. Their donuts are really dense and a bit dry. Service is okay. Small place. Interesting one sweater tables. Better eat in than take out.These cake donuts were delicious! I love the creative flavors and how moist the donut was. We drove 3 hours for these donuts because we heard how good they were! They did not disappoint.I don't like donuts... But I LOVE federal donuts!  I was brought here a couple years ago and I had their "strawberry and lavender" donuts and OMG. Soo good. They make them right there and you get them fresh hot in the bag.  A very interesting flavor combo that just works for me. I've also had their "fancy" donuts and they are good too but I prefer the lighter, warm donuts. There is usually a small wait and there is very limiting seating. We usually get it to go and sit in the park. You need to try this place!I lucked out and this place was around the corner from my hotel. The staff is awesome and the donuts were soooo perfect. They were soft and just melted in my mouth. My fave was the s'mores and the chocolate. I took them back for the fam in NY, and they raved about them. The coffee is delish too!I happened to pass by Federal Donuts while taking a walk with my boyfriend one day. I must say it definitely exceeded my expectations and I can even say that these were probably the best donuts I have ever eaten. I have tried the cinnamon sugar, cookie's and cream and strawberry lavender flavors and they were all made fresh and tasted so fluffy and delicious. Definitely a must try if you are in area (Fair warning, these are addictive!)I am a fan of cake donuts so I was excited to hear of a place that specializes in them. The standard honey donut that comes with the chicken plates is great but most of their fancier donuts just try too hard without tasting any better than the simple original. The chicken is crispy and fresh but doesn't really stand on its own without the seasoning. The ranch is pretty good. Overall this is a Good place to eat but nothing too special.Had the chocolate sea salt donut this morning as well as the blackberry walnut.  Holy crap.  Best donuts I've ever had in my life.  Got there maybe 10 min after they opened, no line, donuts were still warm.  Unbelievable.  Can't wait to go back and try the fried chicken.Really wavering between 3 and 4 stars but I like the idea of it so much I went with 4. That being said the donuts are very dense and I couldn't eat more then one. Worth trying.I love donuts. And Federal Donuts makes some good donuts. 
While visiting Philly, I was browsing through lists of restaurants, cafes, and shops to try and narrow down what I could possibly visit in a 2-day window. I spotted Federal Donuts on several lists and immediately had it down as a must-try. 4 stars on Yelp and over 250 reviews? That's a good sign. 
Federal Donuts doesn't just make and sell donuts. They also have fried chicken. Donuts are $2 each, $12 for half a dozen, and $20 for a dozen. What a steal. I ordered a strawberry lavender donut. It was so hard not to order a dozen, but I resisted in the face of my my ever-growing stomach and appetite. I took the donut out and just walked around the streets of Philly in the bright early morning light. Eating that donut while walking was one of the best moments of my trip. A hot, delicious donut with subtle hints of lavender. The strawberry was more overpowering than the lavender, which I prefer anyways, but I loved the lavender undertones. 
What I like about Federal Donuts is that it is simple and unpretentious. Their menu offers three simple things: coffee, donuts, and fried chicken. The prices are cheap and the food is fresh. Simple and effective. The donut flavors are unique, from strawberry lavender to spicy PB&J to chocolate and sea salt. 
If you're ever in Philly, definitely make a trip to Federal Donuts.what a very cool combination. eaten together, donuts and fried chicken is a hit. separately i could easily gain 1000 pounds on the donuts, the chicken... not so much. seasoning is in the dry rub and the glazed. so when i ordered plain chicken i had no idea it would have ZERO flavor.
i know better next time.Their donuts are amazing!! I eat maybe half a donut per two years lol, however, when a coworker brought a box of these in, I couldn't resist because they looked amazing and smelled even better!!! I took a piece of just about every single one they had. I may be wrong but there was a red one (red velvet?), apple cinnamon flavored, I think pistachio?or some kind of nut on it lol. I was being such a fatty taking a bite in between clients that I didn't pay much attention, but I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get. This place is a great place for
Donut lovers (ahem)The wings are great!  I had the garlic chilli.  Wasn't too spicy for me but then I have a high tolerance.  Also I had the strawberry lavender doughnut  It was delicious. Not heavy, as most doughnuts tend to be.  The amount of lavender was just a touch and not overpowering.  I highly recommend it!REALLY GOOD at what it does. Chicken and donuts. They were out of the wings so we got a half chicken, and it actually was a perfect portion size for a snack for me + bf. We got a free plain donut with our meal and it was delish, actually my favorite between it and a chai spice one.mmmmm, there is nothing better than a fresh hot donut.  if you havent had one, then what are you waiting for? go to federal donuts and get your breakfast on! 
friends and i ordered 6 of the special flavors - all of which were Deeeeeelicious!  they were very rich though, so we tried splitting each one so we could try them all but couldnt do it, they were just too sweet.  we also got a bag of the hot fresh donuts, which they make all day. the special flavors are made in the morning, get them before they sell out! 
i love this place and will definitely be back.  wish there was one closer to my house, but i am sure my waistline is thanking me.The coffee here was just okay, however, the doughnuts were delicious and the chicken sandwich was the best I've ever had.Summary: Get your hot fresh cake donuts here! Dusted with 3 different sugars these babies are melt in your mouth.
Came here around noon on a Saturday and their small walk in shop is filled with people ordering their donuts and chicken.
Got a half dozen of each type of fresh donut. Pretty reasonable price for the donuts and about a 10 min wait for them to come out. They have cute seating across from the counter so you can watch the buzz while you wait.
The hot fresh donuts are exactly that HOT & FRESH. The base of the donut was light and melt in your mouth. My favorite was the strawberry lavender powdered one. The berry and floral flavor really came through and was a great balance. The cookies and cream (pictured below) one was good but honestly if you hadn't told me the flavor I couldn't pick it out. The cinnamon sugar donut is pretty standard and what you'd expect.
Popular spot and if you're craving some warm donuts come be check it out!Federal Donuts is a Philly staple, and true to its name, the donuts are the focus. They're excellent, especially the "fancy" donuts. However, seating is extremely awkward (hipster stools and school desks seem designed to rush patrons through their food and out as soon as possible). Also, I can say definitively that the "cold press" coffee was the worst coffee I've had in my life: it came from a pitcher that had clearly sat in the refrigerator overnight, and must not have even been stirred before serving, because it was a severely bitter, rancid-tasting mess (despite loading up on sugar and cream). I love coffee, but it was gross.Considering how great they can be individually, I'm not sure why chicken and waffles doesn't blow me away.  Perhaps I just haven't found a place that can do both well, but maybe my taste buds just prefer them separated (BTW, that Lay's chips version is kind of disgusting...).  Fried chicken and donuts though?  Now THAT is a combination I COULD get on board with!
At a glance, Federal Donut's menu looks rather modest (fried chicken and donuts), but it actually has a bit of variety - roughly ten flavors of donuts and six flavors of chicken that can be served naked, glazed, or seasoned.  Since we were also grabbibg take out from Shake Shack nearby, my friends and I opted just to split some wings to bring back (you can also get whole and half chicken orders).
-- SHABAZZI WINGS...$9 for a half dozen / $17 for a dozen
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federal-donuts-philadelphia-3?select=6ZCu8v6myoVCIJGl7m-s6w#oKNzAHeL_oO4MQAkOvn_NQ)
The cashier recommended this one and I'm so glad she did.  Of the two we tried, this one was by far better and it wasn't even close.  The skin was crispy, the meat was juicy, and the seasoning added a great complimentary flavor.  So good!
-- HONEY GINGER WINGS...$9 for a half dozen / $17 for a dozen
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federal-donuts-philadelphia-3?select=6ZCu8v6myoVCIJGl7m-s6w#wZRNA3Gxdn5ceNY1-j2Kwg)
My first bite was fine, but it went downhill after that.  The meat was also pretty juicy, but the glaze made the skin a bit soggy and was overpoweringly sweet.  
Now, why was "could" in caps earlier?  Well, that's where this review takes a sad, sad turn.  Even though each order of chicken came with a honey donut, and despite the fact I also ordered a Boston Crme donut ($2) specifically for my train ride from Philly to NY, I didn't actually try any of the donuts (too full initially and then I forgot to take it with me later on).  Fail, I know, especially considering I still took a picture of it too (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federal-donuts-philadelphia-3?select=6ZCu8v6myoVCIJGl7m-s6w#vvPfxWuCXKhXOw4BMJGb1w).
Since I can't say how the donuts are, my three stars are based purely on the chicken - four for the Shabazzi and two for the Honey Ginger.  However, I will gladly come back to get more of the Shabazzi chicken, to finally try the donuts, and to potentially up this to four stars.  Potentially.I'm sort of confused by the fuss with Federal Donuts.  I tried several different "fancy" donuts, and they seemed quite greasy and just not 'amazing.'  They weren't bad... but I didn't find them to be irresistible or even significantly tempting.  I bought a half dozen, and it was something like $13 or $14 dollars, which was pretty steep for something that isn't wonderful.
I haven't tried their chicken.Not my cup of tea. Not saying they are bad. They're just OK. Probably just personal preference, but i like my donuts light and fluffy. Not rich and heavy. These are very cake like. Furthermore the price is ridiculous.  A dozen donuts was $30! That's insane.I recently discovered the chicken sandwich at fednuts and I am actually obsessed. Lucky for me there's a location right by my apartment in center city and another by my campus at Penn. Great pickle to chicken ratio, the crunchy thick white meat chicken is dusted with a ranch seasoning that's amazing, the sauce is so savory with just a lil kick, and the cheese slightly melted into the soft roll is amazing. Definitely a go to for me for sureFederal Donuts
PA: Philadelphia: 
6pm Friday 23rd October 2015
Four Stars
Nothing can really beat a freshly fried Donuts served warm. 
I missed that they have a fried chicken sandwich ($6.75) with American cheese, Sriracha, dill pickle, potato roll which sounded amazing. 
Instead I had a half order of chicken with Ranch Dry Rub ($11) and a warm vanilla spice ($1.5).  It took a about 7 minutes to get my food. The chicken was only average. The spice was unnecessary. The skin was ultra crispy but fell off after a single bite. The meat was was tender but not very moist. The pieces were cut well so that the majority of the meat was accessible without hitting any bones. The room temperature plain donut compliment the fried chicken. 
You have to try their donuts.  The golden outside with the warm crumble cake inside satiates your belly with spice and everything nice. The sugar coating on the vanilla was not overly sweet.I want to live here. I want to wake up every morning, have every donut available, eat every fried chicken for lunch, and eat both again for dinner. But, we don't live in a perfect world.This one of the places I always go to when visiting Philly. I always get the hot fresh donut and the crispy chicken donut. The donut is so soft and hot. It's made when you order it. Chicken sandwich was juicy and the skin was so crispy. Very similar to the texture of Korean fried chicken wings.After walking by this place sooo many times and seeing that the fancy donuts were all gone, I finally managed to get my hands on them!  I could never try every single fancy donut in one shot, so I choose 2.  I immediately selected the French Toast Donut, and asked the friendly girl behind the counter for her favorite (Milk Chocolate-Peanut Butter).  Once out the door with both donuts, I internally screamed YES!  I finally got them!  I tried the French Toast first.  What a fantastic donut!  It's french toast but in a  cake donut form that's easy to eat on the go!  I couldn't have asked for a better "fast" food breakfast!  I saved the Milk Chocolate-Peanut Butter to go with lunch.  Delicious!  But better to share than to have all at once. Ugggg.  Sooo much donut after eating lunch!  I suggest to the next person, to get fancy donuts and share with your friends.  If you get a sample versus the entire donut, you'll be satisfied.  Otherwise, prepare yourself to have a donut as your meal.  As far as the chicken goes....I'll have to wait to try some.I am typically not a sweets seeker, but knowing this was Chef Solomonov's place, I had to. My first time was a simple cinnamon sugar raised donut, piping hot from the fryer. Today, I couldn't resist and got a box of six. The milk and coffee donut was out of this world and the lemon meringue, so good!! And the rest? All were like small bites of plated desserts w real ingredients (toasted nuts, dark chocolate, etc) and not a rainbow sprinkle or pastel frosting in sight!First time visiting Federal Donuts this afternoon. The line was long which automatically signaled this was going to be gooooood! Despite the length, the service was extremely fast and the staff were so sweet and friendly. We got to Federal Donuts around 4:30PM and most of the the donuts they make that morning were done. However, we were able to order hot donuts! I ordered a strawberry lavender, cookie and creme, and cinnamon sugar. They were all deliciousss! I ate all three in less than 5 minutes. I HIGHLY recommend making a pitstop if you visit Philly!Oh my god, wow. I am almost speechless at how good the fried chicken is. The guy behind the counter recommended the shabazzi rub, and I am in love. The chicken was super crispy, not too greasy, and perfectly complemented by the spicy and cilantro-y shabazzi. The honey donut is amazing and probably the best donut I've ever had.. I also had a cinnamon sugar donut - awesome. 
I haven't tried any of the fancy donuts but may try to make it there early one day. I hear they sell out lightning fast.Solid donuts! Although it is a donut shop, they are actually famous for their CHICKEN! Try the chicken people. It's inspired by Korean fried chicken and it is superbly done.Love it!! Clearly not the healthiest option out there, but it's great for those treat yourself days. Both the fried chicken and the donuts are great.Absolutely the best donut I've ever had in my life. Highly recommend the glazed old fashioned.  Went back later in the day for a 1/2 chicken chili glaze flavor and it was excellent. Added bonus it comes with another donut, not such a bonus I feel like a total fat ass today.  Alas, back on the wagon tomorrow.Mmmmm donuts. When you haven't had doughnuts or sweets in general for five months you can imagine how excited I was to try one of Federal Donuts. Not to forget the excitement of wanting to try their fried chicken.
Let's just say the long walk we took was worth every rewarded bite of that Strawberry Lavender donut. I'll just say it again... Mmmmmmm donuts. I also tried a piece of the Cookies and Cream and Cinnamon Brown Sugar. They were definitely not your average donuts and I enjoyed how they didn't taste too sweet. To my surprise my sugar level was actually lower the day after lol.
The fried chicken were nice and crunchy although I enjoyed the boyfriend's order of Za'atar better than my Buttermilk Ranch. I felt like the buttermilk ranch was too salty so I basically ate my way around the seasoning by just eating the meat on the inside and not eating the skin, which I shouldn't be eating anyway lol. Needless to say the donuts are yum!The donuts were so oily they were practically inedible and kinda gross. Definitely a bummer. I always look forward to grabbing some FedNuts when I'm in Philly but will have to think twice from now on.It's a early rainy wet morning but I still walked the block from my hotel to Federal Donuts with my heart set on Korean chicken and donuts. Sad to discover they only start serving chicken at 11am. But life goes on. I enjoyed the regular Strawberry Lavender very much. The special Strawberry Cheesecake wasn't that special. I didn't think it was worth the extra $1 over a regular donut. I will return to try the chicken next visit to Philly.So, Federal Donuts doesn't quite need more reviews touting its accolades at this point. Any Philadelphia native who hasn't been living under a rock is well aware of their fantastic (and unique) gourmet donuts and chicken... but... I'll do a review anyways.
This is one of Federal Donuts' few locations in the Philadelphia area, and is certainly on par with its sister locations, scattered about the city. The location is nestled in the middle of center city, with easy access to the subway lines at 15th Street station.
The donuts are the star, as usual, although my favorite flavor (Sticky Bun) was not there at this location. I'm not sure if that's because it's a seasonal thing or if it's due to the slightly differing menus at the locations, but either way, their offering wasn't bad either. The milk chocolate sea-salt at this location was by and far my favorite, although the other flavors, including pumpkin spice, blackberry-anise, and crumberry were all quite good as well. A full menu can be found on their website (http://www.federaldonuts.com/FederalDonutsSansomMenu.pdf).
The chicken flavors are wide and varied as well, with the chili-garlic and honey-ginger glazes being the standouts on that side.
The service was good, and wait times are not crazy, so long as you're not showing up during the breakfast or lunch rushes. Since I had to wait a few minutes extra for my order (they had run out of some ingredients and needed to re-stock), they also threw in a few extra hot donuts. A very nice touch!
Pro tip: definitely try to avoid the rush hours, and note that you can always ask for the glazes on the side, in case you don't want your stuff to get soggy on the trek home.Michael Solomonov can do no wrong. Been to Zahav a bunch of times, but finally got to grab some donuts from FD. Unfortunately I arrived late and all the special donuts were sold out. I got a half dozen of the regular donuts with various toppings. They were great! Some of the best I've ever had...cooked to order and so light and airy! I want to try his chicken on the next visit.good donuts - below average service - poor systems in place - poor communication of how it works - would be a great lil discovery if it was a nobody who opened it - but i expect more from a restaurateur - it also looked disorgnized - and nobody was visibly in charge - make it clear that no chicken is availble til 11 on website too - we were not the only ones who were told this - actually, we were told " you gotta wait for 2 hours for chicken " - although this was technically true - what a way to communicate to your guest and leave room for misunderstanding at the same time - the gentleman added - i think it's on our twitter page - well, im not a twat - so i didnt get the message
i my be back - but probably not get out of my way to revisit
it's a sign of the level of service available to consumers when this get's a 3star revies - but yeah - there actually is much worse out there - a true shame - i really really wanted to love this joint!!Ok you first its hard to find really great stuff (example = diamonds) -- yep this place is like a diamond to me...and its not in the rough either its a polished diamond. 
Ok, you find the place on Samson and you walk in and immediately "Jen" says "What do want" in this tone that can only be described as authoritative, knowledgeable and in total control as you witness what looks like chaos. 
Its like being in Russia during those time when nobody had a loaf of bread..... everyone is eager and tense to get there order...but not saying a peep.
Don't be fooled though, take a breath and get the chicken sandwich, she hands you a piece of paper with your name on it....as you take a taste of one of their great donuts that they sample on the counter.
SIMPLE -- FRIED CHICKEN and DONUTS....
You then wait ---salivating for your name to be called !!! If you are really lucky you might get a seat there and actually eat your meal while you watch and feel the magic. 
THIS PLACE IS A PHILLY GO TO....IF YOU ARE CLOSE GET LUNCH THERE !!!
IT MAY HAUNT YOU FOREVER....and symphony of great food, excellent service and just the right amount of weirdness and funk to make you wanna write about like this.
You have to appreciate the genius of this...it did not just happen, they GET IT !!!This place is majorly overrated. Their donuts, while good, certainly don't beat the ones at Beiler's. The non-traditional flavors are cool, although sometimes it feels like they make them just for the sake of being different. It comes down to "would I rather have an interesting flavor okay donut" or "would I rather have 3 awesome blueberry fritters"...and that's not particularly close.
We also recently tried their Korean fried chicken and it was.....disappointing. The reviewers that claim this is the best fried chicken ever have never had real Korean fried chicken methinks :/The donuts were warm, fresh and tasty, but the chicken was the best part. It was moist and crispy. Would definitely come back. The chicken comes with a donut, just in case you did what I did and ended up with multiple donuts. 
Seating is somewhat awkward -- school house desks that face the kitchen.Definitely worth the trip to get these Federal Donuts. We stayed at a hotel by the Reading Terminal and had the Beiler's Donuts. Between the 2, we enjoyed the Federal Donuts more!Oh my MF goodness. This place, this place is a fat girls dream or a great cheat day. Know if your going for your "cheat day" (CURB) yourself. DO NOT over indulge-it's tempting ! They're the devil-on your shoulder, saying try one more /Donuts and wings...DONUTS AND WINGS! Do I need to say anymore? Probably not, but I will. The chicken is available in multiple flavours; and two categories, dry sprinkles and glossy glazes. My favourites are the ranch dry rub and the fresh hot sugared donuts. I personally don't really like the "fancy" donuts but don't let that deter you from the chicken!When my coworkers were discussing where to grab a quick lunch and someone mentioned "Federal Donuts" I thought it was a joke. Well, jokes on me because it seems I'm the only person who didn't know that Fed Donuts also has delicious fried chicken! I have always known fed donuts for their namesake (finding a box of fresh donuts at an event). However, my doubts were erased immediately upon buying into my fried chicken sandwich: great, crunchy breading, juicy chicken, large pickle slices, and a sauce with just a little kick. Fed Donuts can do 2 very different things very well!Great little place! Staff are super friendly and knowledgeable. Make sure to grab a seat at the window for an extra fun experience! Got some donuts to go too, they all looked so good!! But make sure you get there early  once the chicken runs out you'll have to wait until the next day to get more.I had coconut donut with coffee , I like it so far they are really busy too and everyone seem like love this place ' one of my friend told me about this place I was looking on Google map but I couldn't find then I called my friend and get direction so here we go now we are here , good  thing about this place is they make fresh donut front of you 
I will come backI love the creative flavors!  We came too early for the fried chicken, but the donuts were yummy and its so hard to choose!.  Ended up withthe toasted marshmallow and blueberry masrcarpone.  Wonderful!!Decided to try the storefront after an underwhelming experience at Citizen's bank ballpark. The buttermilk chicken sandwich was quite tasty; the perfect blend of spicy rooster sauce, soft potato bun, tangy pickles, and buttermilk fried chicken. I also tried the buttermilk chicken by itself and I felt the same way as citizen's bank: little too salty and dry for my taste. The hot fresh donuts were mouthwatering and piping hot and didn't disappoint. Overall I'd come back!donuts are good but not awesome. it tastes like a donut but smells like fried chicken. i haveba feeling they might share the same oil for both donut and chicken. also cold brew tasted like regular ice coffee from deli. hmmm...In a world where people are dunkin' their donuts in venti caramel macchiatos on every other street corner, this small, fried, beacon of sugary delight shines bright in the middle of philadelphia's great alleyway. When you are in a hurry and can't leave your Center City office for more than a few minutes, you have a choice. It's a fundamental choice that every one of us needs to make at some point in our lives: Sea Salt Caramel or Cookies 'n Cream.
It's a decision that will bring many of us to our knees in the despair of a fundamentally unjust universe. But one hero among them will stand up...
...and chose both.I'm a serious donut lover. Federal Donuts has a great selection of hot and fancy donuts IF you get to them early enough in the day. I suggest stopping by on your way to work, as the fancy donuts taste fresh throughout the day. The hot donuts are great to eat in the moment. Worth the trip on a weekday for sure :) weekenders- be mindful of your timing!These donuts were made right in front of us. They were light and fluffy, which might seem odd for a donut, but they were amazing. They had an excellent almost buttery taste and my favorite, the lavender, has just a hint of the spice and tastes superb.I think I went into Federal expecting more offerings or more flavor for the cost. Overall, it wasn't bad, but I was definitely disappointed after reading such excellent reviews. The selection was somewhat limited (6 special donuts and 4-6 normal donuts).
Pumpkin spice latte donut was really good. The donut itself was like pumpkin bread, while the icing on top was akin to a whipped pumpkin mousse. 
The chocolate cake glazed donut was a let-down. It was pretty dry and had a slightly savory taste instead of being sweet. Perhaps if you prefer more toned down donuts that one might be for you.randomly walked pass federal donuts so my friend and I were like..oooo lets try a donut!
they ran of out fancy donuts at that time so we settled with mocha spice donut that they were gonna fry fresh for us.  they were very nice and actually gave us an extra donut as well! 
i was super excited since the donut was piping hot out from the fryer. took my first bite and it was super soft and mushy.  donut was covered in spices and sugar but lacked the mocha taste.
i really wanted to like this place and wanted to buy the dozen donuts....
maybe ill give it one more try with the fancy spicy pbj!One vanilla spice and one pumpkin latte donut later I was in heaven. They were hot and soft and so so good. Wish we had a chance to try the chicken! Coffee was good too.I have crumbs on my phone. I have crumbs on my keyboard. I think I got hot and fresh donut deliciousness- but I'm not sure, because they're gone now. All of them. Even the ones I was supposed to bring home.
Maybe I can claim they were out of donuts, or the cool fresh donut maker-dropper thingie  was broken. 
Or maybe I can say the dog ate them. 
Except-
We have a cat.Meh is right. I don't really have much to say other then the fired chicken was so dry. I ordered the buttermilk ranch chicken and, unbeknownst to me, that buttermilk ranch flavor was literally powered ranch sprinkled over the chicken mehhhhhh. Totally disappointed. This chicken was served with four of the tiniest slice of pickle and a cold (but honestly delicious) honey donut. The donut is the only reason I would come back.Fried chicken and donuts - deep-fried heart attack or genius business model? Both!
The chicken was just as juicy as I had hoped it would be, and I loved the Cowboy Coffee seasoning that we chose. The donuts were also good, but we didn't make it in time for the fancy donuts, and it was only NOON.
I understand that these are in demand, so it's likely that they will run out early, but then why have this on their menu? People must come in all day asking for items that are already sold out, so why not have this as a separate part of the menu that people can only choose from when it's available? I can't explain how disappointing it is to be craving a maple bacon donut and waiting in line for 15 minutes, only to have your heart broken when you get to the register to find out that it was already sold out when you got there.
Not cool!!Donuts and Fried Chicken.... yes please!
What a winning combo for have.  Their donuts and fried chicken were moist and delicious.  Can't remember what was my favorite since I ordered all the available donuts.
Must return when i get a chance.Freaking awesome fried chicken! I had take out and it sat in the box for over an hour; the crust was still shatteringly crisp when I had my first bite. And PS loved the accompanying honey lemon donut!Stopped by here real quick and grabbed a "fancy donut" to go. The gingerbread donut was super fresh and melt in your mouth delicious! 
They only have cake donuts, and they are not filled, but they are very good. Not the BEST I've had, but worth a visit nonetheless.Plastic Shake and Bake
I am a fried chicken fanatic and I LOVE LOVE anything Michael Solomonov....But my experiences with Federal Donuts fried chicken leaves me bereft. I won't get into the long wait bs for a box of chicken from 2nd Street. I live in south Phila and the limited supply thing is a nasty joke. Yeah, yeah, I was the lucky one on a few occasions. And one time, there was actually a parking space in front, but when I went inside, there were so many anxious blank-faced people waiting, it looked like the hull of a human cargo ship and I kind of freaked out......
So, my experience is in context of multiple failed attempts....
Today, on a Saturday around 11:30 am, I lucked out and purchased two halves and 6 wings from the Sansom Street shop. 
Forget the slightly lousy service (sorry, snot-ass kid taking orders, is your job more stressful than mine??) my expectations were high even though my past chicken tastings were just "ok." Kind of embarrassing as a Solomonov fan to admit -  I just wasn't impressed the first few times.
Which is why I am writing this now. Its all a Big Joke and I'm the sucker.  Isn't this supposed to be really good, high quality chicken? Happy, free range cluckers devoted to our well being as a foodie community? And if you wait in a long line you will be rewarded with something special? Nope. Forget it.  This white chewy rubber  brined in shake and bake was actually gross. It was juicy but plastic. Flavorless in spite of the cutesy flavors.  The cilantro something or other tasted like cilantro flavored cardboard and gave credibility to the entire facebook group, "I hate cilantro." 
I prefer the fried chicken at the Thriftway on 10th and South.Does it live up to the hype? For the most part, yes. I got the order of the fried chicken which I had to order in 6 pieces. They had no smaller amounts. It was very crispy which I loved. I got the buttermilk rub which was OK, reminded me of the Auntie Anne's garlic powder, too potent and a bit unappealing after a while. The donut that comes with the chicken is so good! Tastes like cake. I ordered a strawberry cheesecake donut also and WOW was that sweet- like a huge burst of sweetness with every bite! Could not handle it. Overall I enjoyed my experience and would say its definitely worth a one time visit at least.I'm not sure how I've lived without this place in my life.  Although I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken, my brother was in town visiting and wanted to try it out.  This was hands down the best piece of fried chicken I have ever had.  We split an half order of the Buttermilk Ranch chicken, and an assortment of the donuts. 
AMAZING!Chicken sandwiches ordered online were hot and ready fast the pickup time and were DELICIOUS!Stopped in here Thursday on the way to work. yes, I work in the city. It's not that big a deal. Anyway, these donuts were good. Though did not live up to the hype. I would have them again, but wouldn't go out of my way to get them. I don't have to though, because as I previously said, I work in the city.Popular donut shop.  Lots of people and interesting flavors.  Get there early because they sell out fast.  I was disappointed I didn't get to try them all.  They were warm and fresh when they gave it to us which I loved.  Definitely a cool spot to check out.Their donuts are SO GOOD!  Tried the hot fresh donuts in 2 flavors: cinnamon sugar and strawberry lavender.  I was surprised at how much I liked them and would be happy to order a dozen of the strawberry lavender.  Curious to try their specialty donuts and fried chicken.  However, I do have to say that their coffee did not impress.  If it's going to be a specialty item that they highlight on their brand, they should put more effort into it.Tip #1: Location - its across the street from the Aveda salon. Look for a red, white, and blue awning that reminds you of the French flag.
Tip #2: There are two types of donuts - made-to-order and complicated. The former are $1 cheaper!
I had a hell of a time finding this place but it was so worth it! It's on this little street with not a ton of shops and signage doesn't stick out or illuminate. I walked by it TWICE but once inside it was worth the search. 
Funny I say that a lot about random Philadelphia restaurants. 
Now on to the donut - I got the Blueberry Lemonade and OMG it was LUSCIOUS. The interior was lemon with the icing pulling in the blueberry part.THE EMPEROR IS WEARING NO CLOTHES!!!!!
Cake donuts, which these are, are the best kind of donuts. 
When you eat at Dunkin or other donut shops - they serve the air-filled glazed ones, which taste terrible. 
So FD using a cake donut base, gives them some credibility - but then all they do is cover the lovely cake donut with weird combination frostings full of sugar - sort of tasty, but a waste of calories and certainly not worth a fuss. The frostings are recked by strange mixtures of fennel and chocolate, or sasaafrass and mulberry, etc. 
With the chicken, what is not to like in heavily coated fried crispy chicken skin - tho normally you would never order this.
The chicken itself is mediocre (the dry was dried out). 
Without the big PR  hullabaloo about how great this place is, you would never go out of your way to eat food like this. 
Save yourself the trouble - Certainly avoid any lines - and get the leafy green salad on the corner.
NLGood donuts with nice flavors. My favorite was the blueberry, with the strawberry lavender coming in at a close second. If you get a box of 6, you can opt to pick 3 "special donuts" (slightly more expensive) + 3 "normal donuts," and they will price accordingly.Who would have thought that doughnuts and chicken wings would be served together? I was in Philly for the weekend and a friend told me to try this place.
I had a strawberry lavender doughnut and the chili-garlic chicken. First off, *definitely* get a hot doughnut with some coffee--both are delicious! The chicken was hot and crispy but I think next time I might try a flavor that's not so sweet. 
While the food tasted amazing, I'm not going to lie, I was really craving some beer to go with the chicken. Nevertheless, I am 100% coming back here next time I'm in Philly.This is place is magical. Donuts and fried chicken all under one roof.
I went in mid-morning and there was no line. Just an elderly gentleman waiting for his order, and the employees were chatting him up which was cute. Friendly workers are awesome.
Everything was ready in just a few minutes, including the hot and fresh ones. 
I picked up half a dozen donuts to take in to work with me, and I got a few extra thrown in on the house. The bacon maple and the strawberry are amazing. 
So glad that they opened a spot in center city.I loved their donuts.. The chicken left a lot to be desired.  A little on the pricey side.  I would go back, but only for those delicious donuts.The fancy donuts are great, but the freshly made simple donuts are the stars: light, fluffy clouds of sweetness and spice, never greasy. Never had the chicken. Worth going out of your way for.One of the highlights of my trip to Philadelphia. The fried chicken was tasty. I think it was a mistake to order the garlic sauce - the bites without the sauce seemed to taste better. The staff was friendly. We ate there before the NFL Draft and they gave us a box of donuts to bring to the event. Very limited seating, making "dining in" a challenge.Pretty good! Federal Donuts was instrumental to executing a perfect completion of my Philadelphia Marathon training cycle.
(1) finish the race
(2) go to The Foodery with all of your friends and eat sandwiches / get drinks
(3) then get coffee and a donut at Federal Donuts
Very fresh donut! Coffee wasn't bad either.So bae and I drove out to Philly to try these guys out, and upon entry we knew we made the right choice. The staff was genuinely inviting and funny. I had the buttermilk ranch which was tasty to a ranch lover like me. Bae had a the chili garlic chicken, and it was a tad salty, but overall good flavor. They get an A+++. If you're in Philly and love fried chicken try them out! 
Bonus: The donuts we got were cookies and cream and the brown sugar cinnamon. They were both awesome. We were a little iffy choosing between the cookies and cream and the strawberry lavender, and the girl behind the counter gave us one on the house. So sweet. It was pretty good too. If I lived here, I could see me coming in frequently to get it.First time going- the marshmallow donut really spoke to me! I love the laid back atmosphere of this location. Definitely have to go back for the chicken. Donuts are perfectly formed and decorated, with unique flavors and varieties.The fried chicken is so so good.  Doughnuts not so much.
The BEST part is the little cup of pickles.I'll never eat a donut from Dunkin Donuts again. I'm in love with you, Federal Donuts.
The stawberry lavender donut killed me after one bite. It was one of the hot fresh donuts, so that warm, crisp burst of sweetness was amazing. The milk chocolate and sea salt fancy donut is the perfect combination of sweet and salty, which I love. I got the last one they had, so the person behind me in line definitely didn't like me. That's the only thing about this place. The fancy donuts and the fried chicken sell out, so if you head over with a specific craving in mind, you might be disappointed.
I like this new location better than the one on 2nd street. It's bigger, there's more seating, and it just overall looks cleaner.
The chicken is great, but I think it can be a little bit dry sometimes, especially if you get the dry seasoning instead of a wet glaze. It's still much better than most fried chicken you'd get elsewhere.
Get a dozen of these and bring them to work, you'll be the office hero.Yum, tried the strawberry lavender hot fresh donut, and the chocolate sea salt donut this morning. I really liked the strawberry lavender which was a steal at $1.25. I didn't love the chocolate sea salt, it seemed over salted and sort of bitter. I also had a cold brew iced coffe which was great.Pretty good donuts in interesting flavors that  make you want to return time and time again to see what new thing they have concocted.The best donuts you'll ever have. And the fried chicken is at least top three. 'Nuff said.Long time donut customer, first time chicken customer. 
I've always loved their donuts even though they're a little overpriced. Highly recommend the milk&coffee donut or any of the hot donuts. Today I got the chocolate eclair and it did not disappoint. 
I also bought a half order of fried chicken with garlic chili glaze and it has to be one of the best casual meals that center city Philadelphia has to offer. Also included, to my pleasant surprise, was a the softest, warmest plain donut I've had in my life. 
Overall cost being $11 and with friendly customer service, that just cannot be beaten. Will go back for round two soon.Today's lunch put some pep in my step. I ordered dry wings with chili garlic & honey ginger sauce on the side; and three donuts, Crumberry, cookies n cream and chocolate strawberry. My first bite into the choco strawberry reminds me of Willy Wonka, "the snozzberries taste like snozzberries." The crispy skin on the chicken is amazing whether with sauce or plain. The chili garlic sauce isn't really spicy but has a kick.... I'm satisfied, kudos to the friendly staff.I wanted to love this place, but after a few visits eventually realized it's just a marketing machine and tourist trap. Good for them though, because they're making a ton of money I'm sure. As far as the donuts, I've had the fancy kind twice and I thought they were good but overpriced. The regular donuts are average. The problem is they run out of the best fancy donuts early on. What other food venues constantly run out of their main attraction? Paesanos will always have great sandwiches for you, Pub and Kitchen will always have a burger ready for you to order, and if you want a messy cheesesteak then you know all the places that will have one waiting no matter what time of day.
Forget the fried chicken. It was dry and completely unmemorable.Incredible doughnuts. The chicken sandwich shits on chic fil a and I LOVe chic fil a. Incredible. Must try the hot doughnuts. They should have skim milk for coffee but that's okay.HOT FRESH DELICIOUS AND DELIGHTFUL! The unique combination of flavors blend into donuts from
Heaven.NOTE: this review is straightly on their fried chicken. 
After trying out their donuts, I decided to give their fried chicken a try. I stopped by around 12pm and ordered the half chicken with buttermilk range dry seasoning. There were a short line of people waiting for their food. The place is pretty small and has very limited seating. I was lucky to grab two seats for my coworker and I when someone was leaving. After 20 minutes, I got my meal which comes with a plain cold donut *sad face*. The chicken was too salty for my taste but it's very tender. It may be the type of seasoning I got, but I am not sure. 
Next time I come here, I would just stick to the donuts!Disclaimer: I must start with saying I'm not much of a donut person and came here purely out of convenience since it was right near out hotel and we missed the free breakfast there. 
I feel bad giving this place only 2 stars since it seems like such a local favorite. My boyfriend enjoyed his peanut butter chocolate donut. I ordered a simple glazed. It just tasted weird. Maybe they do something interesting to their batter but I didn't like it. And the coffee I ordered tasted like it was 90% coffee grounds and 10% water- wayyyyyy too strong.  I couldn't drink it. 
But even though it was packed, we got our donuts right away and the girl who took the order was pleasant.All the fancy donuts (minus the watermelon lime) were out by the time the boyfriend and I got there (around 3:00).  So, to repeat, GO EARLY.
The restaurant itself was much smaller than I imagined, but that added to the old, authentic feel of the place.  Gave off the feeling that this place wasn't here to mess around and trick you with the ambiance (like some restaurants you see nowadays) - it was here to serve you some freaking delicious food. And did it?  Oh my, yes it did.
CHICKEN
A good tip for those who enjoy sampling multiple flavors and tastes and can't bear to just choose one: You can get a two halves with different seasonings/glazes for the price of a whole chicken.  Why choose, when you can have both!  The boyfriend and I ended up getting one half chili garlic and the other honey ginger.
We managed to get there at a good time; there was no line/wait.  The chicken was served to us immediately, still nice and hot.  As soon as I leaned in, I could smell the chili wafting up from that heavenly chili garlic half.  Actually made my nose and eyes water a bit.  As someone who has been bred to eat spicy Korea food without flinching, I was quite impressed by those first sniffs.  First bite, DELICIOUS. Although it's considered a glaze on their menu, it was more like a sauce (a bit thicker, think barbeque sauce on barbeque).  It became a bit un-crispied due to the sauce, but still nice and hot.  After a bit, however, it tasted a bit repetitive and pretty much similar to chili/garlic sauces you would find elsewhere.
HOWEVER.  The honey ginger.  Oh. My. God. Wow I could probably would have ordered another whole chicken with just this seasoning.  It wasn't as wet as the chili garlic - more of a glaze, as expected - so it was remained crispy while I was eating.  It had this light fresh mouthwatering taste that you just can't get sick of, no matter how much you eat.  It didn't taste repetitive or sickening at all.  The ginger was light and subtle.  Definitely try this if you can.  Will be back to try the other flavors.
The honey donut they give you definitely compliments the meal with a slight sweetness (similar to that of chicken and waffles), and without being overpowering or sickly sweet.
DONUTS
Didn't expect the hot fresh donuts to just be the honey donut with sugar sprinkled all over them.  Thought the flavor would be infused into the actual dough but, oh well, still tastes good.  Loved the strawberry lavender because you could actually taste the strawberry and lavender and didn't have to search for it.  Same with the vanilla spice, though a bit more subtle.
Definitely will be back!  And hopefully early enough to grab a dozen of those fancy donuts.Wow wow wow. This is a no frills amazing donut place that you must try when in Philly. My boyfriend and I came from NYC and found this spot when walking around the area (and I am so glad we did). From the moment you get in there you can smell the freshly made donuts and fried chicken!
They have fancy donuts and fresh donuts made to order. I tried he cinnamon sugar one and the cookies and cream because those were fresh! They definitely had a large assortment of donuts I just wish their "fancy" donuts were maybe maybe fresh! Otherwise the ones I chose were absolutely amazing. I just wish the cookies and cream one wasn't so similar to the brown sugar. 
These donuts are no frills, amazing batter without having to add a bunch of toppings and stuff to give it flavor.For what it is, the donuts are really good.  The chicken is wonderful.  The chicken sandwich is my favorite in the city.  I love federal donuts.Stopped here today for my first doughnut from Federal and I will definitely be back for more, and more, and more!
I ordered a strawberry lavender doughnut, made fresh. I was impressed that it was not greasy, considering many fresh doughnuts often are. The texture was also pretty perfect.
The flavor was perfect - not too much lavender, with just a hint of strawberry. Both flavors can be overpowering, so I was worried that it would be too much since bakers can be overzealous with flavorings, especially slightly 'interesting' ones like lavender.
The price was right too, at just $1.25 for a single, freshly made treat. Amazing price point for the quality.
I'll definitely try many more variety of doughnuts, as well as the fried chicken in time. If the fried chicken is any good, this place will likely get a rare five star rating!The chicken and hot donuts were amazing. Get the spicy chicken and for sure a strawberry donut. The service was also amazing.Really friendly people and excellent style inside the establishment. However doughnuts are just average. I have tried them twice and while the hot version is markedly better, otherwise they are just average. I hear the chicken is tasty, but I have never tried it.Fantastic and fresh donuts, but IMO the best part is that that they will make certain ones on-site to order - straight out of the fryer makes a world of difference. Their fried chicken and fried chicken sandwich isn't as great as it was hyped up to be, and they could use a more frequent rotation of flavors. The simple apple cider and plain cake donuts are probably my favorites, but I always like stopping by to try their new flavors of the month.While I'm not the biggest fan of donuts, I've heard time and time again that Federal Donuts is a life changing experience. 
My girlfriend and I came on a Sunday around noon, and wasn't surprised at all to see that it was packed. The store itself is situated in a cozy small storefront and you could see how eagerly people were waiting to order. Having heard so many great things about this place we ended up wanting to try as much as possible, so we ordered all the hot donuts (Cookies and Cream, Strawberry Lavender, and Brown Sugar), two fancy donuts (Churro and Pumpkin Roll) and three pieces of their fried chicken with the Buttermilk Ranch dry rub. 
The donuts arrived fresh, warm and soft with a texture of a perfectly soaked cake. As we took our first bites together, we were instantly hit with the soft notes of flavor and warm donut goodness. The donuts themselves were dense and cake-like, giving a rich experience that is unparalleled to any donuts we've ever tasted before. Would definitely recommend trying the Strawberry Lavender. 
The Buttermilk Ranch chicken was given in a separate box and it was phenomenal. Would definitely recommend anyone visiting Philadelphia to go here!I love this place. Seriously. I love it. They have one fault...they always run out of chicken wings. Everyday. If you call after lunch hours and want wings, forget it.
That said, their chicken is amazing--brilliant and creative flavors and seasoning. Their donuts are my favorite. And, my out of town friends always love the place.
Just get more wings.First time here and I LOVED the hot donut. The flavors were whatever. But the main specialty is the texture of the donut. It was so good and soft on inside yet crispy on outside. I've tried all three and I like the orange cream. But all our good. Also had the cold donuts they were alright. If you come here you got to try the hot donuts!My visit to my cousins in Philly wouldn't be complete without some Federal Donuts. I had no idea what this was until my cousins decided to take me here. Chicken and donuts? Is this like chicken and waffles?
We came on a day that they were giving out free chicken or something so there were a lot of people waiting outside with numbers. We decided just to get donuts instead.
It was a terribly long wait and way too crowded inside, not to mention it was a sticky hot summer day. We did end up getting our donuts but they were out of some flavors we wanted.
Something cinnamony like a churro and something Indian something is what we got. I honestly couldn't tell one donut from the next but they were definitely warm and soft and left crumbs all over my clothes and the car seats. But they were good and if I ever come back to Philly, I want to try other flavors.The chicken is the real reason to go here. I'm all for the donuts but the chicken is where it's at. Especially the staple chili garlic. You can also ask just fried unseasoned which is a pretty good double fried chicken. All their locations are great as long as you get there before lunch rushI walked from 6th and Walnut to (16th and Sansom) get donuts for my coworkers on a Friday morning.  They open at 7 am.  I walked in at 7:05.  I asked for a dozen donuts.  I also wanted a couple coffees and some of their specialty donuts.  The order would have been approximately $20.  They told me the donuts werent ready yet.  I thought they were joking.  A donut place that opens that doesnt have donuts to sell to customers.  Wow.  How do you manage to stay in business?  I will never come back here again.  This place is a wannbe hipster dount, coffee, and chicken spot that just fails.  And their customer service stinks.  No apology, no discount if i wait.  Just some Mexican saying over and over, "they are not ready yet."  Overrated and overpriced.  Thanks for NOTHING!This place was delicious, and so friendly! The girl that helped me that night recommended the guava cream donut, and it was the best donut I've had in my life. I guess it's a good thing these aren't in LA because it would become a true health problem! A blast of tender sweetness! Also - the Zatar chicken. Wow! So unique and delicious!! So much flavor!Coffee, donuts and chicken?! I know... weird right?! But so delicious! Well, the donuts at least. The Strawberry Shortcake and Lemon Ricotta donuts were so flavorful and the texture of the donut was just perfect. I wish I could have ate more donuts. Gotta come back and try their chicken!The three stars are carried by the concept and decent donuts, but the mediocre chicken (Pre-Cooked) and inconsistency begin to lean toward 2 stars.  It's a shame b/c the concept and food category is a welcome addition, but the prices are kind of obscene for chicken and donuts.  
It's still worth a shot, and if you venture in,  I'd recommend the Sirach a Honey glaze fried chicken, a hot donut, and coffee.  Cheers.The shop is rather small, but man do their products pack a lot of punch. I tried their honey donut, which comes with their chicken orders. Unfortunately, you cannot get it on its own without the chicken or as a dozen. Otherwise, I would go there alone just for that. Simple, light, airy, cakey, good. The chili garlic chicken is has a nice kick, but I wouldn't describe it as spicy. I did notice some naked spots that weren't covered by the sauce on the chicken, so I wish it was covered completely. The strawberry lavender and the vanilla spice are quite good and also have the same adjectives I used for the honey donut. Since the shop is small, sometimes there can be a line. One of the salespeople told us to move so we won't block the door, but she explained it in a condescending way which nearly turned me off from placing my order. So I wish the service was better in that regard.My husband and I came to Federal Donuts for desserts post late lunch. They sold out their fancy donuts long before our visit but who needs fancies when they have freshly made ones on the spot? 
My only regret was eating lunch and not have enough stomach room to down another dozen - honestly the best donut of my life -  Lavender Strawberry! The donut was piping hot when it was served, the inside was still gooey and soft, the outside was still crunchy and gorgeously coated with the perfect amount of crystallized sugar -  Who knew lavender and strawberry work so well together? 
My husband had their freshly made cinnamon brown sugar donut and it reminded me of a churro. Equally delish as the lavender strawberry. $1.50 each, $6 for half dozen - what a steal! I will be sure to revisit Federal Donuts whenever I'm in Philly!You've got to be a hipster. 
Federal Donuts is the new age restaurant. The entire idea of pairing donuts and chicken together is kind of unconventional but screw how people think something should be done! I love it, but I'm also pretty hip. (Or at least I'd like to think) I went here while visiting Philly for a couple days and I will say it's probably the best decision I made while I was there.  
I ordered the BBQ wings and they came with a honey donut so I didn't order any extra donuts. The wings were fried and seasoned extremely well and the honey donut compliments the wings in a way I can't even begin to describe. The really good thing about getting wings from Fed's though is the pickles you get with them. I don't know if these pickles are marinated in something pre-presentation, but they are so tasty. The myriad of flavors works in Federal Donuts' favor because you're already in a place that sells donuts and chicken. You can't ask for things to get any more unusual. But the unusual here works, and I like it. If you're in the Rittenhouse area while in Philly, I recommend you stopping here.
P.S. (The only thing that's wack about this spot is the seating. The seating really blows, but you don't have to dine in.)I didnt like the the chicken dry out not very most the line was long and the staff was rude wouldnt not go back againIt was delicious. I decided on the cinnamon sugar donut. I was going to purchase the plain glazed but they were out. Very bitter sweet that I didn't buy two. Good because of course no one needs the calories of donuts but it was so good, wish I had another. 
Very clean establishment and clearly they are a favorite among many. It was pretty busy but not overwhelming.Donuts were great! Definitely get the classic ones that they fry right there for you - they're delicious and crumble in your hands. Donuts are five stars. I'm taking away stars for the chicken sandwich. It didn't taste great, the meat was kind of chewy, and there was a disgusting hair embedded in the fried batter - which I only noticed after I ate part of the hair. So so so gross.Came in early to try 1 each of the quick-to-sell-out fancy donuts. Most were sweet with awkward flavoring. Not for me, but I did think that the donut part without icing was good so next time I would try to get the plain ones plus chicken and see how I like them!This is a nice little place on a quiet street around the corner from where we were staying. We went both mornings for coffee and a donut. Coffee was great (wish they offered straight cream), and the donuts we tried were great.
Three are served warm and steamy. We loved the cinnamon sugar, and the spice was pretty good if you like nutmeg. Didn't try the strawberry lavender even though the lady said it was her favorite.
Then we tried the milk and coffee (pictured), very good, strong flavors. But our fave is the warm cinnamon sugar.After three years of wanting to try Federal Donuts, I finally stopped in this week. My friend and I both got a half order of the sweet soy garlic chicken, which was absolutely fantastic. Super crispy, juicy, and just the right amount of the sauce on the chicken. I would definitely eat this again, but I'm also very curious about the others as well. It came with a honey donut, which I didn't realize until after I ordered a couple to take home. 
The donuts here come as "hot" or "fancy." The "hot" ones being made fresh directly in front of you, and the "fancy" ones with icing and other toppings that are pre-made. I tried the strawberry lavender while eating my chicken, and was impressed by how great it was. Flavorful, moist, and sweet but not too sweet. I took home a honey donut, in addition to a grapefruit brle, strawberry shortcake, lemon ricotta, and they threw in a double chocolate for free as well! All held up incredibly well in the fridge for a day or two, and remained moist and delicious.
I'm not a big fan of fried chicken or of donuts, but Federal Donuts is more than just the food it serves--it's a Philadelphia institution.Tried the butter pecan fancy donut! It was very good, but it had more of a cake consistency.I really wanted to be impressed, because I love the premise of Federal Donuts - coffee, donuts and fried chicken? Heck yeah!
But while my donut was delicious, the fried chicken was nothing to write home about. The breading was tasteless; there seemed to be no spices in it at all. 
It might be worth going back for the donuts, but I'll skip the fried chicken next time.Donuts and Fried Chicken...it just works for me!  Had the french toast, double chocolate, cinnamon-brown sugar, and plain donuts.  Fried chicken had the honey-ginger glaze.  I liked eating the plain donut with the chicken the most.
My mouth is salivating just thinking about it.Started working in City Hall area and wanted to try Federal Donuts. I was not disappointed.  
I ordered the chicken sandwich and (3) donuts - strawberry lavender, cookies and cream and cinnamon brown sugar, to go. 
I took the train home and was able to still enjoy the warmth of the sandwich and donuts. They were all very good and priced well. 
I will be returning!Great selections and really satisfies that sweet tooth. Came here with friends and all our donuts came out hot and fresh. One of my friends couldn't decide on a flavor, so one of the servers recommended & brought to her a new flavor to try on the house (thanks!). Sweet donuts, sweet staff - you can't go wrong.Even though I stopped by around closing time, I felt very welcome. Unfortunately, in many places around the city it is almost like they want to kick you out. Not here. The girl who helped me was very nice. I felt very satisfied with the service.
Moving on to the donuts.. They had all flavors, except for 2 fancy donuts which I don't remember. So I got: cinnamon brown sugar, cookies and cream (classic) + eggnog, sugarplum, sticky toffee, frosty the donut (fancy).
First of all, the dough itself: yeah it is that good. The flavors?
I thought the cookies and cream donut was very similar to the cinnamon brown sugar, honestly. It is the same donut in a "cookies and cream" powder. I didn't get the cookies, just the sugar.  
The eggnog donut was the only one that ACTUALLY tasted different among the fancy ones. The sticky toffee and frosty (supposed to be vanilla and coconut) tasted similar. I mean, if you got a coconut piece in the frosty and a crunch on the sticky toffee you would notice the difference, but I think it is very subtle. The sugarplum donut was way too sweet for my taste, but it was so pretty (it is purple)!
Overall, I enjoyed the donuts. My favorite, hands down, was the cinnamon brown sugar, especially because it is made to order and you can have it warm, YUM! The dough is very good and it doesn't need much, honestly. 
I feel like the fact that the donuts are only coated, not filled, prevents them from having a unique flavor when it comes to the fancy ones. Does that make sense? I feel there are very subtle differences between them. But don't get me wrong, they are delicious! Federal donuts is worth the trip! Next time I'll try their fried chicken for sure!I guess I can only parrot what others have said but their hot donuts are awesome. I got a half dozen (for six bucks, so not cheap per se) which had two of each of their three flavors. While not bad cold, you should definitely eat them when they're hot. 
They got mixed reviews from my family. An hour or so after ordering them I gave one to my sister who liked them well enough, and my kid nephew who disliked them (but what kid likes plain cake donuts?). I got them fresh so I liked them the most.
Hopefully I'll get to try a fancy variety next, so I'm not sure how I'm going to lose those pesky love handles with this store in town.Not only the best donuts in Philly, but probably anywhere! I get the hot fresh donuts. All three flavors are awesome! They make them right in front of you, and it is well worth the wait. Their other donuts and fried chicken are great too. The service is always excellent. I highly recommend this place.Had the strawberry & lavender donut because I saw good reviews. It was different and really delicious!  Warm & sweet but not artificial tasting at all. Flavors were more mild than I expected but that ended up being a good thing!  I also tried the chocolate glaze and that was pretty tasty!  Giving this 4 stars instead of 5 only because I wanted a decaf coffee (I'm a nursing mama and try to avoid caffeine if I can) but they didn't serve decaf. I was told "the owner doesn't believe in decaf".  Huh?  Staff was very friendly too!I defy you to find a better doughnut in town.  You can have it warm if you like!  YUMB!  It isn't just donuts that can make your mouth water, there is chicken too.  I had the small chicken sandwich which was so good.  They have a spicy sauce that gives it some kick.  Buttermilk breading, pickles, cheese, and a roll that floats in the air it is so light!  If you are hungry go for the full order of chicken which includes fries and, yes, a doughnut!
The key to this place is that they do a few things really, really well.  They also have some imagination with their trade, adding lavender to some of the doughnut flavors.  Sounds a bit weird but you know it works!The hot cake donuts are very light and remind me of the hot yeast donuts you get at some other places, but without the insta-cavity glaze. They are great when they are fresh and warm, but also good the next morning.I try to limit myself to one donut per week but it's tough. I've probably had every flavor and the all stars are grapefruit brulee and lemon meringue. They are all delicious, though. Can't beat their fried chicken sandwich!They were closing and I got a free honey dipped donut because they ran out of everything!!
The donut was excellent. Great crumb with a clear glaze that was the perfect sweetness. 
Thank you so much for being awesome on my visit to Philly. I will be back the next time I visit!We liked this place so much, we went twice in a weekend!  Loved the warm (and fresh!) doughnuts--both the fancy and the not so fancy ones.  I think my favorite was the Strawberry Cheesecake.  There was a line both times we went, but it moved quickly, and service was friendly.  The only downside...we came too early to try the fried chicken.I used to love this place.  I thought they made the best chicken in the city of Philadelphia unitl recently!! The chicken is now fried extremely hard and lacks flavor.  The seasoning is thrown of top of the chicken after it's cooked and it is too salty to enjoy.
Please revert back to the way you used to cook your chicken!! You've lost a faithful customer2.50 for a "fancy donut" and 9.25 for a half order of chicken. the chicken was pretty good, the donuts were good but I felt like this place is overrated. Seriously. To each its own, but I really expected more. 
The half order of chicken was more like 2 pieces because the chicken was so teeny. The place was really crowded, not really alot of room to eat and strangely enough no public restroom. 
The staff was pretty friendly but I don't look forward to returning.Fluffy, soft and delicious. Every time I walked pass this place I wonder to myself "are they any good", well, let me tell you, they are fantastic! I had to snatch one up before everyone in my office ate them.One star off only because I partly wish they were open all night, and also partly wish I'd jolly well never heard of them at all as I'd never felt an urge to eat doughnuts, particularly those coated in sugar granules, before experiencing the formidable strawberry lavender. I'm glad it's a bit of a walk from my house, otherwise I'd likely visit far more frequently than would be reasonable.Hands down the best fried chicken I have ever had. Now I know why it had somd out wverytime I went over the last several years. The chicken is better than the doughnuts (at least the honey glazed that came with it). As I am finishing the last bites I am considering going back in to get another half to try another flavor.The hot fresh donuts are soooo good! And a very good price. Only 15 dollars for a dozen.Philly's answer to chicken & waffles. Sumptuous portions of crispy doubled fried chicken with honey donuts. I had the chance to sample a fresh & hot cinnamon brown sugar donut. It was heavenly. Both dried coconut & curry and Zahav spiced chicken were phenomenal. My cardiologist would have disapproved but who cares. I have to indulge occasionally!I just visited Federals on Samson street.  I was so excited about the experiencing of going there to try the famous donuts and chicken.  Too my surprise my chicken was not at all what I thought it would be. The chicken was very dry and extra crunchy.  The donut was ok not the greatest just ok. I read the reviews prior to going and every rant and raved about how tasty the chicken and donuts are. I'm so not a fan. I'm wondering if location makes a difference. I paid $9.99 for 5 wings that included a donut. I could have bought a whole meal for that price.  Needless to say I will not be GOING BACK!!!  I want a refund!!!!!Who doesn't love donuts.  I had a cookies and cream, chocolate and sea salt, and brown sugar and nuts.  All of the coatings were very tasty and the donuts themselves have good flavor and were not too dense.  It's a busy spot and I'm glad I came across this through Yelp!Federal Donuts: Great place to grab an out of the ordinary donut or some fried chicken or both. 
That's pretty much the only review they need. Yeah they have some cool donuts and some interesting flavors plus the option to grab chicken at the same time, but oddities like federal donuts rarely become your go-to for anything. They're worth trying, they're worth showing to out of towners, but as far as regular donuts go, there's not much to improve upon and that's why federal donuts is only marginally better in my opinion than an average homemade style donut shop.
I tried each of the fancy donuts and the glazes tasted pretty good on all of them. After a few bites the sweetness is overpowering and they all taste very similar. I think their donut style could use a bit more variety, eg bars, or old fashioned. Who knows, maybe if they made regular donuts too they would actually shut out more of the competition.
Sometimes you just want an old fashioned glazed donut, not a cake donut. 
Chicken isn't made till around noon so breakfast go-ers beware. 
Small spot. Accepts credit cards. 
Too bad Krispy Kreme isn't around anymore. Miss that place.The fancy donuts here are delicious, but the hot fresh ones are just so-so. They also run out really quickly, so you have to get here when they open to get the flavor you want. I came in at 9:30AM on a Tuesday and they were already sold out of basically everything. Come early and order a fancy donut, and you won't be disappointed.When I keep going back because I have to try allllllllll the chicken and donut flavors (which I'm happy to say I have), I know it's good. 
I've recommended Federal Donuts to friends and family alike, even going so far as bringing down some of the fancy and fresh hot donuts to my parents to try. The donuts are still delicious days later - if they last that long! They don't go stale within an hour like Dunkin Donuts (don't hate me Dunkin!). 
The chicken is crisp on the outside and so juicy in the center. My boyfriend and I each get a half to ourselves because we can't share the goodness. He always gets shabazzi, which is definitely high on the list. The chili glaze is so freaking good - but prepare to get messy and take lots of wet naps (or be near a sink) because you will have it all over your fingers and face.
The seating kinda sucks since it's small - only so much space for seats - though just 2 blocks away is Liberty Place which always has an empty table to sit at. The staff is friendly and the service is quick.Pretty good donuts, but the fried chicken is ok. The donuts are a hit or miss depending on the flavor
It's a good thing to try
They are also supportive of students, giving out free ones during finals, so I dig thatEverything about Federal Donuts is genius. Donuts? Fried Chicken? Coffee? Count me in.
Seriously though, as someone who considers himself as a "clean eater," Fed Nuts is my favorite place when I decide I want my post-workout carbs to come from a hot, greasy donut. The hot fresh are always awesome, and they always have quite a few tantalizing "fancy" donuts. Yes, they are more expensive than say, Dunkin, but if you're honestly trying to compare the two, just stop it.
The fried chicken options, whether dry or glazed, are always delicious as well. Shabazzi, Federal BBQ and glazed onion something-or-other have all been tasty.
As far as coffee goes, the hot seems pretty standard, but the cold brew is my FAVORITE COLD BREW IN THE FUCKING CITY. And if you go to the location in Pennsport, you get to check out the crazy tubed contraption the makes it. I don't know what it is, but if God is real, it's that thing.I purchased a half dozen of the fresh made cinnamon sugar donuts, and every single one was undercooked, as in, raw dough in the middle.  I had seen a Facebook post rating this place as PA's #1 donut place, but not in my book.  They have a tiny machine that makes just a few donuts at a time, so I guess they decided to rush things for the sake of getting me out of the store.  They also horrible over-coated the donuts in the cinnamon and sugar.  I took the first one out and it felt like o had just dumped a shaker of it down my shirt.  I tried to eat some of the outside edges, but it wasn't worth it - they really weren't that good, even where cooked.  I was horribly disappointed, and that's hard to do when it comes to donuts, as I don't have high expectations.Katie was awesome! She handled every customer really well and explained that they werent able to make fresh donuts due to the demand of Phish donuts but no customers got mad! I was very impressedWe were gifted these doughnuts when someone we know came up from Philly, and we're happy about it!
The flavors we tried are: triple chocolate, cookies'n'cream, strawberry lavender, peanut caramel apple, blueberry pancake and crispy Nutella.
While the triple chocolate had a chocolate cake doughnut as a base, the rest had a vanilla cake doughnut as a base, with different toppings to convey the different flavors. I have no clue whether they offer yeast-raised varieties as well, or offer base flavors aside from chocolate and vanilla.
My brother-in-law opted for the fruity flavors; he enjoyed both, but if pressed, would return to the strawberry lavender over the blueberry pancake (a bit too sweet).
My husband ate the triple chocolate and the cookies'n'cream; he enjoyed both, but felt the former was more flavorful. I ate a small bite and agree that the latter, while tasty enough, wasn't a wowza.
The peanut caramel apple was awesome, while the crispy Nutella was tasty enough. The thing is, I ate the Nutella one about nine hours after purchase, which likely helped deflate the crispy rice topping under the Nutella glaze. I ate the apple caramel one even later and was super impressed by how deliciously all the flavors came through.
I'd definitely suggest you give this place a try, as I will again if get another chance.Go for the warm donuts in house and take the fancy ones home for.later!Fried chicken and donuts, not since peanut butter and chocolate, have two things gone so perfectly well together. This is a match made in culinary heaven. 
Assuming our position amongst the dozens of other patrons packed into the compact Samsom St. establishment in Center City, we vowed to try as much as the menu as we comfortably could in a single setting. Three varieties of fried chicken (classic Buttermilk, Honey Glaze, and Spicy Shibaza), along with three varieties of fresh donuts (Plain, Vanilla, Fancy Cherry-Almond) would be packed onto our waistlines on the day. 
Taking our high calorie bounty to devour in nearby Rittenhouse square, we couldn't wait to sink our teeth in. Talk about love at first bite. The chicken was incredibly moist and succulent, the batter crisp and wrought with flavor. Each variety brought tears of joy to my mouth (if that's even possible), with the Shibaza type taking home top honors. 
Just when we thought our moment of food induced bliss has ended, the donuts showed us their beautiful, holly faces. Still hot out of the oil, and brimming with freshness, it was clear this was not your standard Dunkin' Donut specimen. No, this was fried dough on a hole new level. Like the mini donuts you get at the fair, only blown up to full size and brushed with a layer of deliciousness. Seriously, yum.
Yes, today was a good day. 
If Federal Donuts isn't already an official federal institution of some sort, it probably should be, I'd vote for that. Your taste buds will too. 
-SZSeriously, Solomonov? I lived in Center City for over 5 years. I religiously trekked my ass out to Zahav and FedNuts to partake of your deliciousness because that is what you asked of me. Then I move and you promptly open a location blocks from my former abode!?
That is just cruel, man. 
So I came back to visit. It is just as good as the original location. And the Federal BBQ flavor is killer. God damn it.If you're a fan of donuts tasting vaguely of Chinese food, then this place is for you.  If not, stick to Krispy Kreme for a more traditional donut.
It's a weird thing to say, and it's probably just me, but every flavor of donut I've tried had the aftertaste of sweet and sour chicken (perhaps being cooked next to fried chicken is the culprit?).  Not only this, but the thick layer of goop on top of the gourmet donuts is just too much.  The seasonal pumpkin spice latte was way too sweet and overloaded with crumbly spices on top, the blackberry anise was straight up weird (and often mistaken for red velvet because of the color), the sticky bun was cloyingly sweet, and the milk chocolate/sea salt was, well, salty.
Don't get me wrong, I love when places experiment with flavors and give you more than the run-of-the-mill shit you can get at every Dunkin in the city, but I guess I expected the flavors to be a little more subtle and fresh to get the signature creation across, rather than just coating the whole donut in spices and seasonings that assault my palate.  I've never been able to finish one whole donut in a sitting.
I didn't want to give it 2 stars because I have yet to try the fried chicken, which looked delicious when someone else next to me ordered it.  Perhaps in the future that will change my mind.
Also, the hot and fresh cinnamon brown sugar donut was really delicious and melted in my mouth, probably because it was simplified.OBSESSED with Federal Donuts. I love how they don't do too much, some donut shops have sooo many varieties that it becomes overwhelming. Also, fried chicken is ALWAYS a good idea....this reminds me of a better, fattier version of chicken and waffles (which I'm not into).
So after 800+ reviews here's what you need to know: 
1. Order the buttermilk ranch fried chicken
2. Get a Cinnamon Brown Sugar Hot & Fresh - don't burn your tongue, when they say HOT, they mean HOT!
3. Get a Strawberry Lavender Donut - I hate fake strawberry flavor, oddly love this donut.
4. Come in early for a fancy donut!
I'm usually not a huge fan of the fancies, primarily because they aren't warm, which adds to the charm of Federal donuts. Also, I've had a few semi-fails for being too sweet, like the Churro and Tres Leches donuts. Finally, don't be bummed about the wait, this location is a hallway, but they really hustle to get you your order quick and the cashier lady is so UBER friendly and makes you feel just as warm as the donuts but in your soul. Give one of their locations a try, this is just my go to one.Delicious frosting! However the donut part didnt seem that fresh. They should have signs for each flavor because I am pretty sure we were bothering them saying "what's this one? How about that one?" About 2x over. Nothing will ever trump DOUGH in Brooklyn!definitely a roulette wheel in terms of what's available when you're there-so go more than once!  I snagged the coveted strawberry lavender on day one. Nice, somewhat subtle-the shock and awe donut was the lemon ricotta. I'd pick that one hands down.
day two: chocolate and chocolate eclair. The former has a cake crumb coating over a glaze-nice touch. A little extra saltiness also makes it stand out. Hmm, maybe I misheard about the eclair-turns out its just a cake donut with a chocolate glaze. Good, but not a real prize winner.
Big city prices, but hell, go ahead and treat yourself...I had this on my list of places to try in Philly. I expected a wider selection of donuts but was disappointed it was only three. I had the strawberry lavender and it was too sweet for me. I loved how fresh it was and so moist and soft on the inside but was just not a big fan of the flavor. Will try to try the cinnamon brown sugar but this was not he best donut I've ever had.Literally my favorite place on the planet.  The plain fresh donuts I think are the absolute best plain donuts you can get.  The sugars make them better.  And the fried chicken is perfect.  Great for brunch - instead of chicken and waffles, it's chicken and donuts.At first I wasn't thrilled to be paying $10 for 5 wings AND no sauce?? But I went through with my order and I'm glad I did. The wings were big so 5 is plenty for me and I loved the flavor of dry rub Ranch. No sauce needed! The batter was crisp, as they make them fresh to order. It is pricey but the wings were so good I would most likely come again. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and craving fried chicken. Plus a free donut?! Count me in!There's a reason these donuts sell out so quickly; they're deeeelicious! Whether you get the regular flavors or the fancy ones (get there early for these) you're in for a treat. My boss gets their donuts and chicken and really loves it. It's a bit small for how crowded they get, but it's understandable.Off the charts!
The chicken and the donuts are so delicious 
We always look forward to coming to this place
Can never leave empty handed!You will never eat another donut from any other place on earth again after eating Federal Donuts. It's a few blocks from my house and we (sadly) have eaten these numerous times and you cannot go wrong with any flavor. I have yet to try their fried chicken but it's at the top of my list. Great customer service. 
I have even ordered some for a party I had and had no trouble getting them.Due to an unfortunate misstep by another restaurant my craving for fried chicken had not been satisfied so my friend and I went to this FD. I had heard raves from ppl about their chicken so wanted to give it a go. 
I was not up on how they prepare their chicken here so I did have some questions for the counter woman. She seemed hurried and really not interested in being forthcoming so I had to keep asking questions when a simple explanation of how they prepare the chicken would be so much more helpful. It was kinda like pulling teeth. Finally, I got out of her that they have a dry seasoning and a wet one. Great I don't like wet so I will take the buttermilk dry spices. Now I have been eating, and cooking, fried chicken for as long as I can remember. What I was expecting then was for them to season the chicken, dredge in buttermilk then fry. I ordered a vanilla spice hot and fresh donut as I wasn't told the chicken comes with a dount. The VS was outstanding! Slightly salty out of no where and it was YUM! My friend go the lavender/strawberry (I tried it but it tasted heavily artificial to me- she loved it!). Different strokes. 
The chicken was called and we decided to eat in those tiny schoolroom type chairs they have against the wall. Opened the box and there were 4 really small pieces of chicken like from Tweety Bird! I would have preferred two good sized pieces vs. the little parts of a struggle bird. Add to that they were heavily dusted with a white powder. FML why are things so unnecessarily complicated. Jeez it was like eating Cheetos with the residue on my fingers. The powder would not rub off, what little chicken I could get around it was hot but def lacking flavor without the dusting. Out of frustration I gave up.
The chicken was a 1 for real but the Vanilla Spice hot donut earned them the 2nd star - it was really that good! Will forever skip the chicken but I will see that donut again!Federal Donuts, you have so much potential but it's just not the best or even close to it. Why do you have to use popcorn seasoning or shake and bake like seasoning for perfectly good plain fried chicken? Why didnt your staff educate us on the flavors and make us aware we were getting powdered flavoring rolled around on the chicken pieces?
Why do you guys use canola oil (GMO) and massive amounts of vegetable shortening for your doughnuts? They were hot, but very greasy. Like biting into a liquid sponge coated with sugar.
At least your staff was nice to me. Not to my friends though.It should be noted that I'm no fried-chicken fiend, expert, or connoisseur.  That being said, Federal Donuts serves some damn good fried chicken.  You have a choice of batters and rubs, and both I've tried have been yummy and I look forward to trying the rest.
A half-chicken order comes in at under $10, which seems reasonable, as it's rather filling.  Some veggie side would be nice.  Instead, you get a donut, which almost seems like a Philly-specific parody of fatty food.  The last one I got was rather greasy, producing copious oil for a couple of paper towels I crushed it in (making it much better).
There are a few seats for eating in, but most people get the chicken to go.  The benefit of eating in is, of course, that the chicken is even hotter and crispier if eaten right away (and does not steam inside its container).  
The staff is friendly and the service fairly fast.Last weekend I went into the city to check out Reading Terminal Market. I was wanting doughnuts since the line was up the wazoo at Beiler's Bakery (Donut counter). I remembered there was another Donut shop down town...and that would be Federal Donut.
I was expecting a lot of donuts but no such luck. It was 4 o'clock in the afternoon and they only had the hot fresh ones and 1 fancy donut...Guava Poppy Seed. It was great! Good guava flavor and a nice amount of poppy seeds. I was a little surprised that the donut was a plain cake donut with guava-poppy seed icing. I was expecting a guava and poppy seed cake donut. Fancy donuts are $2.50 each or $20 a doz. The hot fresh donuts are $1.50, $6 (1/2 dozen)  or $11 (1 dozen). So to me these are eclectic donuts, not to be gobbled up or woofed down!
The other option is Fried Chicken. I had already had a roast pork sandwich at DiNic's, but the chicken looked awesome. It comes with a honey donut. You can have half a chicken or a whole chicken. Chicken can be ordered with different seasoning and glazes. I do want to go to another location and check out the chicken.
There are 5 locations: North Philly, South Philly, West Philly, Center City, and one at the ball field.Yummy donuts, I love the brown sugar one. It's great for an afternoon snack for me and the kids!Fried chicken and donuts?! The owners and chefs of this establishment are geniuses. I normally do not like cake donuts (since they are usually too heavy and dry) but Federal Donuts has definitely swayed my heart. Their donuts are so soft and moist. And I love that they are not overly sweet. It is dangerously easy to scarf down multiple donuts. 
I visited the South Philly last year and was only able to try the hot donuts. So this time around, I was finally able to try two of their fancy donuts and the famous fried chicken. I shared the chocolate cake and old-fashioned glazed with my other half. The chocolate cake was reminiscent of an actual chocolate cake. The the glazed old fashioned was delicious-the sweetness just comes from the glaze.  As for the chicken, we decided to share a half order of chicken (comes with a drumstick, thigh, and a split breast) with the honey ginger glaze on the side so we could actually just try the chicken. It also comes with cucumber pickles and a honey donut. The chicken is crispy, flavorful and quite moist. Twice-fried korean style fried chicken is really the way to go. 
Wish it was more accessible to me but unfortunately, I will have to just dream about the donuts and the chicken until I come visit Philly again.We came for the donuts but couldn't resist getting the fried chicken once we got to Federal Donuts. Everything about this place is top notch.
We got the half order chicken with buttermilk ranch dry rub and a side of the honey ginger glaze. The chicken doesn't even need any addition it's that tasty. I've never had such delicious and crispy batter on fried chicken before. The buttermilk ranch was a nice sweet addition to already amazing fried chicken.
Unfortunately, the fancy donuts were all sold out by the time we got there. We opted for a half dozen of the hot and fresh donuts. We got two of each flavor - strawberry lavender, cinnamon sugar and vanilla spice. The donuts come out warm and delicious. All of these favors were great but the freshness of the donuts is what makes them stand out.
I'll have to come back for the fancy donuts next time.I can't walk by Federal Donuts without stopping inside for one (or two). I've only gone during the week, so I haven't had to wait longer than a few minutes. My favorite is the strawberry-lavender donut. The donut is hot and fresh and still warm when you devour it. I've had one of their specialty donuts before but didn't like it as much because it wasn't warm, and tasted a little dry - probably because it had been sitting out for a while. Gt a fresh sugar dipped one instead!Sssssoooo goood.
I order the half chicken with the buttermilk ranch dry rub and that's 4 pieces for $9.25 and it comes with a honey donut, which is my favorite donut they have. 
Come in and check out their donut selection it changes from time to time.I love this place for some fried chicken and donuts.  I prefer the dry rub buttermilk ranch but the coconut curry is pretty good too and I ask for a spicy chili sauce on the side.  It comes with one regular donut with each 3 piece order.  They have fancy donuts too but I just prefer the plain fresh donut or the cinnamon sugar donut.  They only serve the fried chicken starting 11am made to order and the lines can get really long so I recommend you call ahead.Federal donuts is awesome (period).
This place never has wings, so while I wish I could try, and thus comment on them, they are always sold out by the time we get there. 
If you have not tried their chicken you are missing out.A Philly staple. Their donuts melt in your mouth. A must hit spot when in town for a short visit.Their donuts are cake-like, denser and more filing to eat. Not bad, but wish it could've been more moist. Chicken is a hit or miss, can be dry on some days. 
Overall, the place is good so it's worth a try, but it does not live up to the hype. Also, $2.50 for a fancy donut is not worth it in my mind when Beiler's in Reading Terminal can sell them for $0.90SO GOOD. I've been meaning to stop by here for around a year and finally got the chance to do so today. The staff were all very polite and helped me figure out which donuts I wanted to get. They also serve chicken entrees and beverages. I decided on half a dozen donuts. My favorites were the churro and cinnamon sugar. Very tasty and not too expensive.This place probably deserve 3 stars for the chicken since it has the 2nd best fried chicken in Philadelphia behind Soho Chicken.  They can't do the skin as crispy and some of the flavors are just whack like ranch and they also don't have a hot option.  Donuts I think are really overrated for what it is... the plain one is best.  The worst thing about this place is... it's the feeling that if this place was in NYC or LA... it just be a so so pretty good place... it just really sticks out as a place that is a true reminder how Philly still has a really long way to go in terms of hot ethnic food trends.  If you think think this fried chicken isn't an ethnic attempt then you have no clue.  Also the last two times I went for takeout, the cashier asked for a tip and stared at the iPad as I did the credit transaction.  I guess it was done nicely... but I still felt rather uncomfortable about them asking directly especially when it isn't some large group order.  I hope this doesn't become a general trend in takeout.I'm used to the sweet Krispy Kreme doughnuts so having the Federal Donuts was a bit of a disappointment to me - Federal Donuts are more on the dry side and "dry" is not what I think of when I think of a donut. Granted, my friend got these to-go and I didn't eat them til 2 hours after they were ordered so that may have contributed to the cause!A very unique spot to visit and try the food. The chicken is delicious,  crispy and full of flavor. The donuts are very pretty, but in my opinion were a bit heavy. Still good but not the best.Cookies and Cream is the best donut I've ever tasted...EVER!  Go get one now.
The chocolate peanut butter is also great if you're in the market for a fancy donut.  
Of course, who can top the made-to-order donuts? Um, NO ONE!
I had the vanilla spice and cinnamon sugar, which tasted similar, but still amazing.  
If you want chicken, get it with the buttermilk ranch.  So good.  
I heart Federal Donuts.OMFG, Federal Donuts Rule!! I salute you. I am not worthy. I'm from NY and Federal Donuts was worth the three hour drive. F the Philly cheesesteak or pretzel from now on Federal Donuts symbolizes what Philly food is all about. 
My favorite- their strawberry lavender. A must try when you're there!! The grapefruit creme brle was delectable- what an innovative combo! Here are reasons why their donuts rule- they are light, great flavors, and not saturated with grease or overwhelmed by too much sugar or cream. Federal Donuts is one of the best donut places I've been to.Visit #1: Feeling in a donut mood. Braved the line to find the fancy donuts were all sold out. Tried all three varieties of hot donuts. Strawberry something, vanilla something, and chocolate something. All essentially the same hot donut with colored/flavored sugary sprinkles on it. The donuts were decent enough but none of the flavors wow-ed me. Scratched head. What is the appeal? The chicken did look pretty good, though...
Visit #2: Presumably the fancy donut lovers from the prior visit were dead, hospitalized, or at least watching their cholesterol. Their loss was my gain. Literally and figuratively. While the spicy PB&J donuts and the maple bacon ones were sold out, at least there were green tea ones (which I passed on...nothing green tea is tasty to me, irregardless of form) available. There were also mint chocolate and lemon bar ones. Both were fabulous, each being a cinnamon-y donut with hardened frosting. The mint one tasted like thin Andes mints and the lemon bar tasted like a lemon bar...but in the form of a donut. I would get either (or more likely both) of these again. And to those of you who are snarking up all of the maple bacon donuts, would you please hold off for a few weeks so I can finish my review? I did get some chicken this time and it was good. I tried the Federal dry spice-version which was good, but found the seasoning to be a bit strange (maybe sumac is too haute cuisine for me?) The chicken was really juicy and tasty though. I guess, like the donuts, more experimentation is in order.Very good doughnuts. This place leaves a lot to be desired. Outside of the title of the kinds of doughnuts they have theres no pictures no descriptions no displayed products. I'm not saying that it's necessary to have but it just really helps to order when you've never been there before. I would definitely be the hero at any party if I showed up with their doughnuts though to say the least. They're hearty and sweet.Yummmmm. Delicious. I was so happy when I first tried it. The chicken has a distinct crunch and the donuts are so fresh and delicious.Love love LOVE this location of Federal Donuts. What makes this place different than other places is the people! The ladies behind the counter are soooo friendly and sweet, I absolutely adore one of them! Besides that the chicken is ALWAYS made fresh (at least the few times that I've been there) and super crispy and very tasty. If you're someone that enjoys a little spice, I'd get the chili garlic but if you want something a little salty and creamy get the buttermilk ranch! 10/10 coming back!Fresh and hot donuts from Federal Donuts are TO DIE FOR! Due to popularity, I haven't been able to try the fancy donuts yet, but I can safely say the Strawberry Lavender donut is amazing. The donut itself is cake like, which I really like. Great service here and the wait is pretty quick even though the line was pretty long.So I saw they had some great specialty donuts and decided to head here. It was around 2pm so they said they were ran out of some of the donuts. I was able to order the pumpkin donut which had pumpkin seeds on top. I'm not a big donut person but this donut was delicious. What made it better than most chain stores was that it was extremely moist, flavorful frosting, and had a salty taste with the seeds on it. If I come back to Philadelphia I would return here to try another of their special donuts.Being from DC where we have several great doughnut shops, I was a little skeptical of another gourmet doughnut shop outside of DC. However, this place did not disappoint. They don't have any non-cake doughnut options, but my wife and I got their fresh brown sugar doughnut. It came out super hot, which made it amazing! Highly recommend this place if you want a snack as you roam the historic streets of Philadelphia.I follow them on Instagram so I was so excited to go and order in person. I ordered a hot and fresh vanilla spice. My best friend ordered a hot and fresh cinnamon sugar. They were so similar to one another that not even the worker could tell them apart. Although the donuts were pleasantly warm and fluffy, they were hardly flavorful. The worker was really kind and gave me a free iced coffee. The coffee was bold and flavorful. The donut was fairly priced at 1.50 USD, well under the gourmet donut average price. 
If you visit I recommend trying one of their "fancy donuts" early in the day. Those seem to be their specialty. I suggest early in the day because we walked in around 14:30 and the fancy donuts looked a bit stale. 
Bottom line, if you are in the area and want a fresh donut definitely stop in! The staff is friendly, atmosphere casual, and donuts made to order. If you have to go out of your way, don't bother.I know... it's a unique type of gastro offering in Philly, but the cakey style of donuts is overly greasy, delicious but greasy. After eating just 1 donut I feel really heavy and it doesn't sit well if fried foods isn't a normal part of your diet. The chicken is very tasty. Also the strange seating layout at the CC location discourages dining in, so really unless you're eating by yourself, it's take-out only.It's rare that an eatery can get two distinct things like donuts and fried chicken so right. And Federal Donuts does. 
Make sure to get there earlier than later,  because they do sell out of their "fancy" donuts!
Oh, and fried chicken orders come with a scrumptious honey donut!Loved the fried chicken! Even better than lots of fried chicken in the South. Donuts are very tasty especially the sugar covered hot now ones. Will be returning.Overall, good donuts with creative flavor options.  They didn't blow my mind, but they were a yummy way to start the day.