any place that has live bag pipe players playing in the middle of the crowd, in kilts! is a place that holds a special place in my hear The staff is very friendly as well.This place is straight up legit. It's owned by an Irishman and it welcomes you like a true Irish pub would. It's small-ish and comfy. Not too crowded or too busy. It's friendly. The staff are pleasant and attentive. The beer list and drink specials are fabulous. The prices are below average (which is a big yay). And the food offerings are solid. This was the perfect St. Patrick's Day bar. If I lived in Philly, I'd would so totally be a regular here. The vibe and atmosphere were just what I want and expect from a bar. Friendly, fun, and affordable, and no pretentiousness or overcrowding.Yummy food, great classy but comfortable environment, good music, and fantastic bartender who could talk a thing or two about local beers.  We had a great time at Fergie's and wouldn't change a thing!Fergie's Pub is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.There are several things I like about Fergie's Pub. 1) it's real down to earth. Not like some of these up and coming  hipster hangouts .You know the ones. Blocking the sidewalks  with chairs and table serving overpriced food to fools that were suckered into the seen and be seen principle. Nope, Fergies is real. .2)With real food and real drinks  an real people serving them.You know what else I like about Fergie's ? 3) They host A Play ,A Pie and Pint when they are in town. Look up this casual theater group and grab a ticket next time they are in town.They are also home of  Quizzo on Tuesday and Thursday nights  and lend their services to Center Jazz Festival. See, that's what a neighborhood bar is all aboutAwesome, authentic Irish pub. Clean dining room, great food, and a friendly, attentive staff. Good beer selection in a great area to hit for dinner and/or drinks.A proper pub, great beers & vegetarian friendly. Was in town for business. Wanted a pub meal. I walked in & instantly felt as if I was across the pond. A cozy pub where locals grab a pint. I loved the many protein-based choices for vegetarians & non alike. I sat at the bar. The bartender/manager was really nice, helpful & attentive even when super busy. Update: five stars to four for only one reason: salt. After three meals, I am convinced the chef cannot taste salt. I love salty food but I was served a salt lick every time, making the food inedible after a few bites.Looks like a typical crappy Irish pub from the outside... but it's not. They had an impressive beer list and some really good bar food that's a little different from the usual deep-fried selections at your average bar.
I wouldn't plan my night around being here, but I'd definitely go back.Waitress is super rude. My coworkers and I loved this place for trivia. Multiple times, the female bartender was rude to us. Fergie's is a great place but the waitress made our office of 25 not want to go back again.We went for an early st. paddy's day celebration! You don't get much better than a joke telling, blue-grass Irish band and drinking $3 tallboys of Narragansett beer! The wings smelled really good!
If I hadn't just finished a grilled cheese and mac & cheese at Prohibition Tap Room and wasn't about to go out for Indian food after Fergie's, you betcha I would've gotten some wings!I came to Fergie's Pub to watch a poetry reading/open mic upstairs.
We ordered pickle chips (which I have been on the hunt for after Jose Pistola's stopped making them) - and they really hit the spot.
For dinner, I ordered the vegan steak sandwich (I added real cheese to it) and enjoyed it.  The flavor was good, and the added veggies were a nice addition. The fries served along side were extra salty, which was a plus.Tuesday night Quizo is pretty alright when you consider the early start time and the questions being at just the right level of difficulty. Sitting upstairs is where its at. A dark atmosphere that's just right for huddling around the candle on your table to commiserate with friends. The waitstaff is really chill and pretty friendly. 
Problem - the Specials here? Are not so special. 
Last visit I had the Irish Breakfast. In an Irish pub. 
And it was crap.
Don't mess with my Irish breakfast...
Another person in our group had gnocci that was kinda gross too. 
Other problem - The beer selection's just okay. There were only 2 brown/porter beers on the list last time... which was less than okay.
The hot roast beef sandwich however, is on point and pretty tasty - be sure to ask for extra au jus!A business colleague introduced me to Fergies, as we had some time to kill between the end of my meeting and my ride to the airport. Fergie's is a cool Irish Pub. No TV's - I'm told it's because the owner wants patrons to interact. And interact they did. All were quite friendly and I enjoyed my visit. I'll stop in again next time I'm In Philly.First I need to get this out of the way: People tend to make a big deal about Fergie's not having televisions.  It is because he got in trouble showing some boxing match without the proper licensing and said "fuck it" and got rid of them.  Grace Tavern another of his bars for example has televisions ;).  It was no posey marketing scheme people make it out to be.  
I love Fergie's so much.  Great  pub grub and a super friendly staff most of the time.  I hadn't been for ages and I went back for the second yelp meetup and it was like an old friend.  Even though Fergie-claus was no where to be found.I absolutely love this place. There are NO TVs in the whole restaurant which I think is amazing. The food is quite great and there are many options for a vegetarian. They have live Irish music playing every Saturday night and many bands playing throughout the week. I went to school in Philly and when my parents came to visit me it quickly became their favorite place.This was my go-to place when I lived in the city.  Mainly came here for happy hour and for their Quizzo nights, which is probably one of the best Quizzo's I've ever been to...I think once my team won a case of Guinness years ago.  Their food, which is nothing fancy, is incredibly tasty pub grub.Had my first legal drink here at around midnight right after I had turned 21.  We had thrown a party at my friends apt and this place is right next door.  That is the only reason I went, it wasn't bad but the crowd was kinda bland, pretty bored, and fairly aged.  The staff was friendly but really the only reason I've been here is that it is right next door.  I only visit Philly about every six months and I'm not very knowledgeable of the bar scene.try the vegetarian chili. 
people close to me say that it is better than my own veggie chili.
even though i find this offensive and mostly untrue, i can admit that the chili is chest-bumpingly delicious. 
don't forget to order a couple of quality beers from their list.
you will undoubtedly get comfy and forget the time in the darrrk dining room, eventually leaving with a simple smile and latent indigestion.Another stop on the out of towner bar crawl. My cousins were here for the weekend and we wanted someplace to just chill and hang out. Fergie's was the perfect place. The best thing about it...WOODCHUCK CIDER ON TAP!! I mean, come on!! What could have made me happier? We had a few drinks and as the other reviews have said, we didn't have any food but whatever was around us smelled great. I will definitely be going back and would love to try the shepards pie which looked AMAZING!!I've been here a couple times now and the food has never disappointed. The burgers and wings are both delicious and its a great weekend spot to avoid tourist Philly.
Drinks are averagely priced, however I did notice that as I started ordering more serious drinks the bartender would bring them over personally, which I appreciated. 
Def recommend, especially for visitors looking to relax.attended a private party upstairs.  Def not fancy, but it was a solid deal.  bar food buffet was fine, more than anything the barkeep knew how to pour a proper Guiness.  Decent selection of local brews on tap.I lucked into visiting tonight (Wednesday)  during their once-a-month live karaoke band event. So glad I did instead of going to the place I planned to (way too crowded and dudebrah-esque). Fergie's ambiance is chill and comfy, bar staff is friendly (and talented, girl, love it when you take the stage!), service is fast, and the food decent (I ordered the nachos which, to a girl from Texas, looks like someone dumped salad and chili on tortilla chips, but that's cool, I'm not in Texas right now, am I? Tasted fine, just not Tex-Mex/Mexican nachos. They used real cheese, not some gross plastic crap, so that's a huge win.). Karaoke was excellent. The band doesn't have a book of songs, but know a ton and were fun to perform with.I went for the yelp event here. It was a pretty good time! Lots of stew type foods and the vegetarian wings were surprisingly tasty ( a little greasy, but what can you do, it's wings). I especially enjoyed the pot pie thing with potatoes on it--the mashed potatoes were far from bland and the meat and peas underneath it were spicy and delicious. 
They were serving cosmo cocktails and Sixpoint sponsered the beer. I didn't get around to trying the beer, but the cosmos were pretty good! Strong too.My four stars are just a little sentimental - my mother was born in County Roscommon and I've always had a minor affinity to all things Irish.  This place always feels so authentic - it never tries to be more than it is - it's a classic Irish pub, with good beer and better Irish whiskey. They also were voted for having one of the best jukeboxes in Philly several years running (lots of classic U2, Pixies,  Van Morrison,  etc - plus it's now updated with tons more contemporary music.) They have some of the best open mike nights I've ever seen - and Quizno one or two nights a week.  The fare is pretty much standard pub,  but be sure to try the spicy chipotle mussels - they are awesome!Good food.  Sit downstairs and have some food and a drink.  Live music upstairs can get loud, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Friendly neighborhood bar.I've always liked Fergies Great Burgers Chili(with cornbread) The kind of place that was like home. Always that same familiar cooking. After wandering to other restaurants for a few months, I recently returned home for my favorite, Fish and Chips, the best in the city. To my dismay instead of two pieces of lightly unevenly breaded fish carcass I get this preformed, perfectly breaded slab of fish on top of fries. EEEwwwwww! Just forewarning the unsuspecting. I was so disappointed I ha vent been back. Ma, I no longer have a home.Stopped in on Saint Paddy's day for a few pints of Guinness and a bite to eat. 
I love Fergie's. Great beer, great staff, great food.  Always has been a standby for me, one of the great bars for beer lovers in the city and one of the best Irish pubs (right up there with the Bards). There tends to be a diverse crowd here, which I like, meaning I don't have to age into or age out of coming here. 
Bonus Points: Bagpipers playing on Saint Paddy's Day
More Bonus Points: Fergie himself was there the night in question and stepped outside to talk to the bouncer as soon as we were walking in. The bouncer said something along the lines of "I need to see your IDs", not impolitely, and we happily obliged. After we did and were entering the bar, I saw Fergie lean over to the bouncer and say "Make sure you say please when you ask for IDs". Fergie - kudos to you for keeping standards high!Ok selection of beer, biggest complaint was the beer was warm, or room temperature. Maybe they didn't have chilled glasses or maybe they didn't have a glycol system~ either way luke warm beer. Hummus was pretty good tho :)Really good local bar.  Best staff ever.  I lost my keys once, and the whole staff was really helpful; bought me shots, let me use their phones, even offered me a place to stay.  What else could you ask from a neighborhood bar?Not exactly sure why...maybe its the warm atmosphere...maybe its the lack of concern the place has for trying to satisfy all and just worry about being a good place.  The food is ok.  the beer is cold.  the place is just cool.  and if you haven't met Fergie you should.  one of the very best in the city.Nice atmosphere, mixed crowd.  Good tap selection and good food.  Fun quizzo on Thursday nights though it can get very packed!  All in all a great little bar.Don't complain about the lack of televisions, just go somewhere else to watch the Phils beat up on the Mets. The bartenders on excellent as are the regulars (many of them authentic auld side boys) This a conversation bar and a great place to meet people. Open mic monday nights is one of the best in the city. Drinks are a bit pricey but worth it. Fergie is the bearded, shabby dressed man who always looks like he's in a rush. Be good or be gone.Amazing place!! I visit Philly often and always try new restaurants.. You wouldn't believe how difficult it is to find a simple place to grab a beer and a burger in the Center City "Gayborhood".... Everywhere else around is very trendy and "chic". Stopped into Fergies because how can you go wrong with a pub? Had a great beer selection and the burgers were delicious. Hand cut pub fries were fantastic as well! Looking around, all the other food looked great too. Our server was friendly and very attentive to everyone- she was the only server on the floor. Live, authentic Irish band plays every Saturday from 4-7 pm! I will definitely return next time I'm in the city and will recommend to friends!!Second attempt at 9pm Thursday quizzo, and again it was a bust! We arrived around 8:30, but it was too late. Quizzo is only offered in their upstairs bar area which is utilized to maximize patronage, but clearly fills up quickly. I was a little irritated, because two tables had enough space to accommodate our group, but the patrons sitting there were "saving" the seats. I'm not sure if the pub can do more to moderate this, but I found it annoying. 
Nevertheless, our group snagged a table downstairs and ordered some drinks and food. This time I gave the Pierogies of the day ($6) a try - bacon and apple. They were DELICIOUS! I was a little disappointed in the portion size, but it was one of the cheapest food items on the menu, and they were so very tasty. My friends ordered the vegetarian cheesesteak and the hot roast beef sandwich. They were both satiated, and said great things about the food! I can say, I was pretty jealous - both sandwiches LOOKED delicious, as well!
Hopefully the third time is a charm with quizzo. Next time I'll make a note to arrive earlier.The one thing I strongly remember from this place was how nice the server was. She was incredibly sweet and attentive, patient with a large group, and always making sure our glasses were full!
I really liked the cider here, some of the best I've had. I also really enjoyed the nachos (with pulled pork) although as always with nachos there wasn't enough guac/sour cream. I should have asked for more, I'm just too lazy.
All in all this was a great weeknight pub, not deserted (in fact upstairs was heaving for the quiz, apparently, which we couldn't even get into). Not sure how it would be on the weekends though, it probably isn't as fun when it's mega busy - or maybe it's just my preference for half empty bars!Went for quizzo on a Thursday night and the placed was PACKED. Really random questions (which I guess is the point of Trivia) but everyone was super into it. They do 3 rounds and 1 bonus round. Winner gets $50 towards their bar tab and 2nd place gets $25. Food is good (Get the cheesesteak egg rolls) and beer selection is pretty good. Most of the beers on tap are IPAs but there is Yuengling and Allagash on tap. I recommend the Allagash if you're into Belgium beers (like Blue Moon).
Wait staff is slow and if you try to go up to the bar the bartender sends you right back to your table. A little annoying, but what can you expect when there are 2 ladies managing an entire crowd of people trying to play Quizzo.cute pub, great live band, friendly staff. Can get loud, but has lots of room because it is two stories.Came here with a group of folks for drinks and food. 
Ordered Fish and chips- Meh. Crazy thick batter (and on the bland side), ordinary chips. 
The Nachos were just ok...chips close to being stale, guacamole was on the watery side...fried pickles were interesting.
Decent beer selection on tap, but nothing special.  
At least the service was decent.  It was so loud that I had to shout to talk to the person next to me.  Crazy. I guess it can't be helped when the place is packed.Had a really fun night here on a recent Saturday,  It was a bit quiet when we first arrived (Labor Day weekend) but the staff were friendly and chatted away with us as we sat at the bar.  Nice pour of Guinness here.  At around $7.00 a pint it's a bit more than we're use to at our local in Denver, but that didn't stop us from enjoying. The place filled up more as the evening went on.  We met a great group of people here, saw a good band (Problem Solving) and enjoyed the cozy atmosphere.  Hope we find ourselves again here some day.This is one of my favorite pubs in Philly!  I especially enjoy the Irish band that plays on Saturday afternoons from 4-7PM.  Their beer list is always pretty decent, the food is average, but the overall atmosphere is so warm and inviting, I never want to leave!
The one thing on their menu that we always order and greatly enjoy is their Seitan wings.  We were told that they order in freshly-made Setian, and you can really tell the difference.  They are so delicious!  They pair perfectly with the beers we are generally consuming here :)    
The wait staff is always super friendly, but can be slow at times (when it appears that they are understaffed for a rush of people).  But, overall, we have never left feeling less that super happy.This place saved us! Went to a more upscale place that we had to leave due to bad service. Fergie's made our night. The staff is amazing and the food was good. Will be back again to this wonderful Philly establishment.Food was fantastic! Service was great! Everything we ordered was delicious. Nice to see our old place to hang is still awesome!!This place normally has a live band on Saturday nights. They have a decent draught selection, however drinks (both beer and mixed) are pricey. This is a good place to come with a group of people of you want a more quiet setting because it doesn't tend to get packed. I prefer Finn McCools personally because the drinks are far more reasonable and there is a better crowd. They serve food here and it is pretty good. This place is worth stopping into for a round if you are bar hopping in the area. It keeps pretty well to the Irish Pub feel even on a Saturday night.I dig Fergies. It is a real Irish pub with a decent tap list and pretty good food. Unlike many of the other bars in the area, it is usually quiet enough to actually talk to the people you are with. A definite plus. 
I love their events too. My favorite is the Thursday evening Quizzo upstairs. It is for people who are there to really do Quizzo so don't even THINK about using your phone or talking while the questions are being read. Get there early for a table. There is a $10 minimum on food.I love Fergie's.  The bartenders and waitresses are always friendly.  You can't beat their burgers, and many times they have great food special items listed on the chalkboard. Great beer selection too, and the live music is usually great local bands.  Check out their outdoor space this summer - they have games and a few draft beers out there, great way to spend a Saturday afternoon!One of my fave pubs to hit on a Saturday, while chillin in Philly.
Why?  Cuz, when all the other bars in center city are I-wann-kill-myself-hella packed-because-its-amateur-night-Sturday, this off-the-beaten-path spot is perfect to meet up with a date or your crew and actually have normal convos.
No whoo girls.
No d-bags.
No pretense.
Oh yah, the London Pride is nice and refreshing."Can I ask why we're getting southern food at an Irish pub?"
Your confusion, like my roommate's, can be excused if you don't know the back story of how Fergie got its southern twang. After the cork was put in Bebe's in the Italian market, the flow of Mark Coates' Carolina-meets-Memphis take on barbecue was shut off. Rather than cut off Philly from some of the best BBQ in a BBQ-starved town, Dixie had to fall in love with Irish Eyes.
The result is the West Carolina BBQ pork getting a new lease on life and remaining excellent. The meat is tender and the sauce doesn't compromise flavor for the sake of heat. It is a little spicy so if that's not your thing, go Puff Daddy and Notorious BIG style and get the Eastern version.
The service is great, and yes, they have fried pickles. Only thing: Am I in a fantastic dive bar or an Irish pub? Classic, dark, pub wood meets an odd orange and black ceiling with two bucks presiding over the patrons. Thankfully the clash of cultures works famously with the food.Our already two servers switched with another waitress in the middle of our time here which we weren't told about which is find but it was still kind of annoying and threw things off a little. The vegan seitan steak was very flavorful, the burger was cooked just right and the seitan wings and tempura breaded fried pickles were on point. One of us never got their meal because I guess ordering an appetizer as their entree threw things off a little. It was a recoverable mistake but it arrived so late because it was on us to call it to the staff's attention. All in all we like the place and we will be back in hopes tonight was just a little off.Maybe I'm just getting too old to go out to bars in this city. The crowd here was a bit young the last time I stopped in. Young as in "they're like 14" kind of young. We came for the vegan wings, which were good (not great). Hummus plate was just OK. I'd come back for a drink at the bar, but probably not for a meal any time soon.Went for Quizzo. We sucked but were pleasantly surprised by the reasonably priced and tasty menu, especially for vegetarians. I will go back with reinforcements! Service was attentive and friendly, and the crowd appeared to be student-ish.A good Irish pub not too divey. They have good food and huge beer selection . As authentic as they come . They even had a man in a kilt play a bagpipe on several occasions. I highly recommend this bar for a good start or end point for a night out .This is a real pub. After spending an extended period of time in the UK, and a short trip to Dublin, I fell in love with pubs. This is the closest thing I've found to a nice cozy, corner pub in the states. 
I went once for dinner. The prices are reasonable and the draft selection is medium sized, but good. I drank Yard's Philly Pale Ale, Woodchuck cider, and Hoegaarden, all great choices. I had the shepherd's pie which was very good. I was there during Philly Beer Week, and someone went around with some Guinness samplers, so that was cool. The server/bartender was very quick, and was also good at recommending beers.
The atmosphere was authentic, with cool decor and nothing obnoxious like a giant LED four-leaf-clover like some places. The jukebox has a lot of good songs, too.
This is not a late night spot, it kinda died down after like 10 o clock. Also it can't compare to a 'real' pub. But for a nice pub dinner and some pints, Fergie's is great. I would definately come back next time I'm in town.Good bar, nice staff, and nice old-world decoration.  A good place to go when you want to sit around with some friends and have some drinks.  This is the bar I talked about being just through the parking lot from the Rodeway Inn.I've been here a few times and have always had a good time.  Both the upstairs and downstairs have been fun to hang out in.  Defiantly has that Irish but feel, if you're into that this is the place for you.I thought this was a good standard irish pub. It had a quaint feeling about it and had good beers on tap. 
Located in a centrally located spot in Center City, I can see it is a good place to meet coworkers after work for a drink.
I went on a Saturday night to meet an old friend and the bar was comfortable in the sense that you didn't have to wait long for a drink and it wasn't overly crowded.Wow. Great, great bar. I'm so mad I didn't know about this place when I was in college in Philly.
Irish pub that ISN'T cash only, love it! They also have real Irish music sessions going on all the time so you really feel like you're in a little pub in Galway. Mixed drinks were really strong, and they had a good pour on beers. I was disappointed they didn't have an Irish red on tap though. 
We split some chicken wings and they were pretty good, but I can't speak to the rest of the food. 
It was pretty hard to get the bartenders' attention to get a drink. They seemed a little unexperienced. However, I showed up with about 30 people who had some time to kill between a wedding ceremony and the reception, so I'm sure they just weren't staffed for that big a surge.What a great little place. staff was friendly and fun atmosphere. One of the few places we had found with live music. Downfall No Guinness and the steps were a little steep excellent for falling down. We will be back even though  little on the pricey side.Wandered in on a busy Sunday, Eagles were playing so most places nearby were packed.  Food was good, server Sylvia was exceptional.  Very friendly, would come here again and hope to be served by her again.  We'll definitely consider Fergie's next time we're in PhiladelphiaFergies has one of the best atmospheres of any bar in center city. I love how it's just a little bit dark, just a little bit worn, and comfortable. The bartenders and waitresses are always nice and the beer selection is plenty to keep you entertained on a weekend night.
 Food isn't out of this world, but it's warm and hearty. I especially like the nachos. The wings that they have on special sometimes (I think they're spiced with peppers and some cocoa) are awesome. 
Close to a five, but I wish it were a little cheaper so I could be more of a  regular.Went here while waiting for a table at El Vez, right up the street. Got here and they had Bellhaven on tap and there was a bunch of people playing guitars, banjos and flutes in the corner booth- which sold me. I Ditched my table at El Vez and decided to order dinner here instead. Not too many people around but I'm sure it gets crowded later on. 
The food was decent, I had the crab cake sandwich with sweet potato fries which was really good. My boyfriend had the shepherds pie and said it was pretty good, could have been better.
Overall, a great place to grab a beer or 4. The atmosphere was enjoyable, down to earth, and casual yet fun.Fantastic neighborhood bar where you always have a great time. This place is really mellow and cozy and makes you feel relaxed, comfortable and happy. Drinks, food, atmosphere and staff are all excellent.  The veggie chili is amazing with a spicy chopped jalapeño kick. Try the pierogi du jour (i.e., potato and cheese pierogi topped with fried mushrooms and onions).  
The downstairs has a nice bar and seating area. Upstairs there is another bar and more seating. Often an event is going on upstairs (trivia, poetry readings, comedy shows), so go check it out!    The bar is named after Fergie the owner. Fergie's business partner passed away recently - that is his portrait hanging downstairs on the front wall, and there is a smaller painting of the two on the upper wall downstairs near the stairs.Place did not seem busy.  Friendly bartender/waiter helpful when taking our drink and food order.  Unfortunately we had to leave without eating,  to get  back to my conference, after easily a 30 minute wait for simple fish 'n chips.  To the waiter's credit, he was sympathetic and did not charge us for the drinks.  Will return!Would have been 4 stars if not for the terrible service. Ordered brisket sandwich on friends recommendation, was really good. However, we ordered the Philly steak  spring roll appetizers, which never came out. Tried to continuously flag our waitress down for another beer and couldn't. When she did finally come back, we ordered more drinks, and she never brought them.  We each had a total of one beer, solely because we couldn't find someone to sell us more beer. Amazing how places stay in business.
Edit. Changing to 1 star! Friend at my table just told me he ordered a pale ale, and he got a Guinness. Waitress should have stuck to her day job.After reading all of the great reviews about the deep fried pickles, I thought I would give them a try. I don't know if it was a bad night, but to me it tasted like deep fried nothing with a hint of a pickled taste. The sauce was good though, although I am pretty sure it was just ranch dressing, so that is a given. The nachos were good, but they tasted like they had been sitting for awhile, and all of the cheese was sort of in one glob together, and there was very minimal sour cream. As for the drinks, my friend and I both ordered vodka pineapples, one was way too strong and one was way too weak. Luckily, that worked out in our favor, because I wanted a weaker drink, so we switched. The macaroni and cheese was delicious, although my friend ordered it, so the best thing there I only got one bite of. As for quizzo, there is a $10/person minimum for the bill, for each team. As easy as that is to do, the fact that they tell you that kind of makes you wonder why you chose that quizzo over all of the free quizzo's in Philadelphia. As for the bill, the first time we attempted to pay, the waitress quickly brought back our check and asked us to specify which amount goes on which card, and then we assumed she would be back for it. However, after a 10-15 minute wait, and us being the last people there, we realized we would have to take our bill up to the bar to pay.Cute two story bar, with better food than a lot of the non-gastro pub bars. Veggie seitan wings are pretty great. The fun-ness of this bar is that they have a great staff and daily events like Quizo, Open Mic Nite and my new favorite thing: Live Band Karoake. A nice challenge for you above-average karoake singers. Live band is hard yo. You gotta know the music cues to your song because there's no bouncy ball letting you know the beat of the lyrics. But it totes makes you feel like a rockstar.Cue Whitney - "iiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiii willll always love youuuuuuuuuu youuuuuuuuu"I came here with a large party for dinner. They were very accommodating of the larger party and provided good service. I ordered the crab cake sandwich. It had relatively little filler and was very flavorful. I was impressed by how good the crab cake was. I wouldn't call it the best crab cake sandwich in the world, but it was very good for the value and locale. I wouldn't mind coming back some time with a group for a pint and some food.Tough area to just walk in and get a table in under an hour but we lucked out. Fast service and great service. Great music both live and recorded. Solid pour. Delish food. We had the fried pickles, grilled cheese and cheesesteak spring rolls. Great prices.I've been here a few times before and sat in the downstairs area. The food is decent pub food, the prices are reasonable, but the service is terrible. In a small establishment, there is no excuse for your waiter to never check on you- they can see you from behind the bar counter.
The ultimate reason I will be frequenting this place much less is my latest experience with Thursday night Quizo. The quizo itself was fine, a decent host, but the service was horrendous. It took our waitress about an hour to get around to us, we ordered a few drinks and an appetizer. She suddenly became much more attentive as we got closer to the end of the quizo, when she informed us that it was a $10 minimum per person, and we were only halfway there. with one round left. We ordered an obligatory pitcher, which none of us actually wanted (we had each already had a drink and had to work the next morning). The most frustrating part was not that this rule existed, but that we were not made aware of it until near the end of our visit.Good pub food but our service staff were quite bitchy to be honest. Made us feel really awkward just for stepping into the place and each order we placed (just a round of beers and simple entrees) were a huge burden to her. The reviews are great it seems so I'd like to try it again sometime but not for now.... there are plenty of great places in Philly with great people that I'd rather give my service to.Our service consisted of a young lady who asked us for our order and brought us our food. When we asked for recommendations, she failed to tell us about the days multiple specials, which we later found on a chalk board and wish we had known about. Also, she claimed everything was good (I don't like that answer. Surely, there are a few dishes that stand out!) I couldn't find anything on the menu that stood out to me, so I went with the deluxe nachos. They had house smoked pork butt on them, so I figured they were my best bet. Was I disappointed! It seemed as though they had tried to decide between classic and BBQ nachos and settled on some tasteless hybrid. I literally had to salt the nachos (flavorless guacamole). Not good at all, considering nachos are always an easy sell to me. The others in my party were equally unimpressed with their BBQ and hot roast beef sandwiches, though one did like her apple and Brie sandwich. The side of fries that came with their meals seemed quite scant, to boot. The pickle chips we had as an appetizer were too thinly cut and we had to fight to share the small portion, but they were admittedly good pickle chips. Tart- like I like them (note the star)! Overall, the portioning was small for the price and the food was less than satisfying. I will not be returning for a meal, but perhaps a night out because their beer selection was decent.One of my favorite pubs in the city. Fergie's has tremendous food and a pretty good selection of brews. The live music, hot chilly, and classic atmosphere will keep me coming back for years to come!Fergie's is a pretty good spot to take friends.  The food is awesome and the beer selection is pretty decent.  They don't have TV's but that is actually one of the reasons why I go there on days I'm not trying to catch  flyers game or something.  Sometimes they have bands upstairs.  Overall of a good place.A friend and I went here for Quizzo. We lost. However, we did have the highest score per capita. That counts for something, right?
The beer was a little pricier than it should have been ($5 lagers?) and the bartenders/servers were somewhat inattentive. 
We ordered wings which were a bargain at around 7 bucks for 10 huge (and spicy) wings.Went here for quizzo on Thursday. It was very well attended - finding parking and a seat was a challenge! Pulled pork nachos were very tasty, though I asked for no jalepenos and they were still present. A white Russian helped cool my burning mouth. This bar's quizzo is very challenging. My friend and I enjoyed ourselves and will probably return.Oh hell yes.
I met my longtime friend here for beers last night.  She couldn't have picked a better spot.  Perfect quintessential Irish pub, an easy walk from our layover hotel.  
I also invited one of my crew members to go there with me, and we also met up with another flight attendant who happens to live in Philly, as well.  They both enjoyed the ambiance too.
My friend Bobby asked me: What kind of beer did you get?
Me:  I am not entirely sure.  I just looked for the one with the highest ABV%
Bobby: Brilliant. 
They were having a band set up as we were leaving (it was a fairly early night, as my friend came right from her job).  They also had a full buffet set up, as well!  I think they were celebrating some event, but I'm uncertain what it was.  Looked like fun, but we were on to our next venue.  This will be a stop from now on when I lay over in Philadelphia.I went here a couple of nights ago for a late dinner. The place is definitely old school with a touch of divey, but in a good way and not in the disgusting smelly ass Oscar Tavern way.  Lots of dark wood on the walls, wood floors and wooden tables.  Sounds from a jukebox greeted me as I entered. The floor staff(well really one waitress) didn't seem too attentive at first, since I had to stand around for a minute or two before finally going up to a bartender and asking if they were still serving. I was directed to a table and subsequently a waitress took my order for Hoegaarden.  Aahhhh pint of wheat beer goodness. I love thee so.
 The pint came out pretty quickly, but gave me just enough time to decide. I ended up getting (insert shock and awe) a burger with carmelized onions and provolone. It was a 1/2lb pile of tastiness with well done carmelized onions.  The fries that came along with it were pretty good too, crispy yet not over cooked. They also didn't taste old, so they weren't sitting around half a night waiting for some poor sap. 
All in all I was pretty satisfied. Nice laid back atmosphere, good music(mostly, it was jukebox driven so you never know when some wingnut is going to bust out with a craptastic song), and pretty good food. I"ll probably be back next time I work late and need dinner.We were looking for a place that served good beer and some good food and i think we found the right spot for it. 
The bartender was very nice friendly (even though we got there at a busy time on sunday night).
Beer selection wasn't huge but everyone was able to find the one we really liked. 
Food: fried pickles are awesome! I've had them at many different places and these ones are definitely on top of the list. Mussels were really good too (maybe not enough garlic to my taste... But i like them to be super garlicky so this is not the indicator). Shepherds pie - amazing. I could eat that on a regular basis . Hot roast beef - exactly what i imagine when i think of a roast beef sammich. It was juicy, tender and simply delicious. 
Great place if you are looking for drinks, great food and bar atmosphere.Planned to come for quizzo, but turns out my friends and I are secretly 87, and 9pm is too late for us. Bummer. 
However, we ended up here for a low-key second dinner, and this place hit the spot. We sat downstairs, there was plenty of seating, and despite being on the smaller side, we did not feel cramped. Our waitress was kind and quick, We ordered two $5 orders of the "award winning" pub fries, one russet and one sweet potato - turns out we could have easily shared and order. If you're ordering for the table, I'd say you need one for every 2-3 people. It was a very generous portion. The fries come with one dipping sauce free ($.25 for additional), and there are many to choose from. I chose the Irish whiskey aioli. The fries were perfectly cooked and served warm. The aioli was not my favorite. The bitter whiskey flavor was slightly overpowering. It was a bit tartar-y and would be awesome with fish, but I think I'd choose a different sauce next time. 
Speaking of next time, I will definitely be back. This place is super laid back and cozy. Keen to try quizzo, just wish it didn't start so late.It's an Irish Pub pretty similar to any other Irish pub in appearance, food, drink and service. I won't make it a point to go unless something special is happening there just because it otherwise seems pretty ordinary. What I appreciate about Fergie's, though, is how much the owner supports local artists/musicians/organizations.  They always have special events going on, and that's what really sets this bar apart and gives it its charm.
I've been to the upstairs part of the bar to see a really spectacular one-man play, regular events like traditional Irish music sessions and open mic nights and most recently... the 202nd birthday celebration of Edgar Allen Poe.I'm a fan. I came here last Monday evening with my bf. We arrived around 7:15/7:30 and decided to grab a bite to eat before the open mic upstairs at 9pm. His younger sister was performing as a featured artist and did a great job! 
Our server was excellent! She was very hospitable and timely. First I tried to order the cheesesteak rolls but they didn't have them (sad face) so I opted to get the grilled cheese with bacon with a side of mashed potatoes. I LOVE bacon and this sandwich was GREAT. I forgot how much I liked grilled cheese. The mashed potatoes were average We also ordered wings as an appetizer and my bf order a burger and fries which he enjoyed. The fries weren't great though.
Overall I'd definitely give this place another shot.My buddy was in town and we made our rounds at a number of bars this night. He said he heard Fergie's was a good spot. I can't say it was bad, but it was nothing special either.
When we arrived it was mildly busy, but on the quieter side. We had not problem getting seats at the bar. They had a few okay options for beers. The price was good. But it was really a hole in the wall type of place. There was not much charm to it either.
We ended the night here, and it was easy to do. Nothing about Fergie's enticed me to continue to rock on.I miss Fergie!  His pub was my staple stomping ground when I lived in Philly.  This is no fly-by-night bar, it's been tempered through the years with great folks, amazing food, and an owner who has the uncanny ability of remembering your name even if you've only been by once.
The pub itself is warm and inviting (legend has it that the dark wood panels on the walls are from an Irish ship).  This is where to go if you want to make friends in Philly.  Period.  And they have Quizzo (I still have a quizzo t-shirt from the time I won a tie-breaker by knowing what "fiat lux" was).  Gooood times.I would love to give the bar atmosphere 5 stars and the Guinness pour 2. So I picked in between. This is a comfy cozy place where a session broke out while we were there. Nothing like spontaneous tradition Irish music to liven up the day. 
bartender was attentive and friendly even if she didn't have a clue how to pour a Guinness. straight shot and she scooped out most of the head with a spoon during the pour! we would for sure go back but will hold out for a Guinness somewhere else.Food was great! Bangers and mash were incredible and they have a great atmosphere. Their whiskey aioli paired with tots, fries, or on a burger was amazing. Highly recommend that with anything. Live music while I was there have the place a great vibe. It is rather small, even though there are two floors but would definitely go back!One of  my favorite little bars that has been there forever and never changes.  Solid food, good brews, good service, and the original (and hardest) Quizzo in town!A down and out good pub. There aren't many left that pull it off like Fergie's. Lets begin with the fact that there is no television. i love it. people have to actually interact! imagine that! Add to that the classiness of the bartenders. I was there the other night after a large meal and was feeling that if i put anything else but water in my stomach i would throw up. Gentleman had a single beer and i sipped water at the bar for an hour, and we were left completely alone. No comments, no eye rolling, just a good solid bartender who kept my water filled. They are correct in calling themselves a pub because it is not a bar. There is a friendly atmosphere and a down home feeling that make me wish Fergie's was in west Philly so that it could be my corner pub.A very comfortable pub with a great owner. I can't attest to the food, but the beer list is varied enough to be interesting without being overwhelming. Fergie is an institution here and such a nice guy to talk with. Had a great time at this pub. Varied crowd, enough to make it interesting. Good jukebox.Good beer selection. Bartender was a very nice lady who was good with conversation with my brother in law and I. Wish we had places like this back home to frequent.My band played there one night. Before the show I like to drink. The bar maid took my order and never came back. I thought she was just kidding around or something, so I found her and asked her if I could have my drink and she said "sure what would you like"? It was like every other relationship I've had with women. It's like I'm not even there!!This used to be such a great Irish pub where you should go for an after work beer and a bite to eat. Fergie's doesn't have the "good time" feel it used to have. Expect an  unfriendly bartender and/or server. The food was bad and it used to be good pub food. The burger was undercooked and on a stale bun. 
Currently, I go to Fergie's to get a drink while waiting for a table at any of the restaurants on 13th. I'll keep checking in to see if it has changed back to it's old charm.I've been a Quizo regular (usually in the colder months), and I was COMPLETELY beside myself last night when I showed up and the Quizo host was a different person.  Pat ("Mr Quizo USA") no longer resides in Philadelphia (nor the USofA), and is, therefore, no longer the Quizo host at Fergie's, the New Deck, or New Wave.  I was pleased to hear that he still writes the Quizo questions and sends them to this new girl/quizmaster.  But.... but.... oh, I guess I'll get over it :(
Regarding Fergie's on a whole, I would never go there if I hadn't gotten hooked on Quizo.  The beers are way over-priced, and we even stopped going to Quizo for a while because the waitresses were so obnoxious.  (The ones I am referring to aren't there anymore, though).  The food is fine.  It's just like any Irish pub or whatever.  But it's all a little pricey for what it is.  
I don't like going there in the summer.  It feels wrong.  It truly feels like it should be covered in snow, year round.  Maybe it's more German than Irish.Can I give it 6 stars? We went for a Philly Beer Week Dogfish Head Brunch and saw there were no vegan options on the brunch menu (there are some good vegan options on the regular menu), which was a major disappointment. However, the staff bent over backwards to accommodate me, and came over multiple times to check on us and make sure everything was okay. It was a perfect Sunday afternoon, and the service was just amazing. We've had only good experiences here, and it's a nice, relaxed  bar to hang out in.The bartenders have a bad attitude, are unfriendly and at times, rude. Live polka/folk/whateveritwas music upstairs was awkwardly loud for 9:45 in a small place. Bathroom was stinky too. 
Never had the food so I can't comment, but the buffalo wings smelled great!!
Absolut and clubs were strong though, so I guess that was the only good thing.I was here last night and the service wasn't just horrible, it was offensive. The bartender upstairs was screaming at the top of her lungs at people when they would do basic things like ask her for a beer. Last time I checked, serving beer was a regular part of being a bartender. If you hate your job, it's your problem. Don't make it everyone's problem.Decent little Irish pub.  If you can get a seat at the bar they service is pretty quick and they chat ya up.  A tad pricey and they could use better Irish music on the jukebox.Fergies is small. But has a nice lay out. Wide range of drinks available. Beautiful stain glass windows and is beautiful to look at from the outside. The Guinness was below average. It wasn't as thick as a Guinness should be. Overall I had a good experience but not the best place out there.Great vibe, awesome pickle chips, amazing burger, decent beer selection and believe it or not--FANTASTIC Carolina style barbecue!I've been to Fergie's several times over the years, and it's an excellent Center City spot. 
Fergie's has an excellent atmosphere, the food is good, there is a great selection, and the price is just right. The location is perfect, too - nicely tucked away from all of the hustle and bustle. 
If you're looking for a nice Irish bar, without the distraction of televisions, you should definitely give Fergie's a try. 
I think that pretty much sums things up!Our group meets here periodically. They never seemed to be prepared for us. The last time we were there on a Thurs evening he was rude as hell a few times.One of the staples of the Philadelphia arts scene.  Live music often... you'll also almost always run in to the bands and singers downstairs.  Really great place with great atmosphere, good food, and good selection of beer.A solid Irish pub with traditional Irish music, Fergie's Pub is worth a stop on your pub crawl. 
It may be that I'm not looking hard enough, but where is the live Irish music in Philadelphia? I know it's here and there, but coming from the DC Irish scene and being spoiled with live Irish music every night (see:The Dubliner), the limited Irish music breaks my shamrock green heart. 
Fortunately, on a Saturday at 4PM-ish, I walked into Fergie's for some good old fashion Irish music and a delicious Guinness. Sure it was just instrumental at a table near the downstairs bar, no traditional Irish folk music on a stage, but I was desperate and just happy I found this place. Fergie's has the look and feel of an old time pub, and that authenticity really adds to the charm of the place. Wait staff was pleasant and it wasn't too crowded. Overall, come for the Guinness, stay for the live music.Fried pickles!! But be sure you wait & eat them with the dipping sauce, oh good lord - yum.
Fergie is great, the bar is great, the food & drink are top notch. This is what a bar is all about.
There was a diverse crowd on the afternoon we stopped in, jovial & friendly. 
I really like the ambiance here and will be spending all my free time at one of Fergie's fine establishments!This is a good, old fashioned, what you see is what you get pub. No fancy gimmicks a la Stephen Starr, no hipster heaven like Silk City, and no dive bar like the Glinch. Fergie's is a place you'd feel equally comfortable bringing your spouse, best friend or family member. Hell, you could probably come here on a work outing (provided your co-workers enjoyed drinking good beer and chomping on delicious food).
Once again I have found a place where I can order my beloved Framboise...mix it with Hoegarten on tap to make a Dirty Ho, the best drink ever!
I was here on a recent Saturday night, and had the pleasure of overhearing some real doozies (including a "girls night out" group ordering a truckload of lemon drops), but one stood out as my favorite. I will leave you with it:
Confused, offended looking woman to bored looking guy: "It smells like BEER in here!"
...And scene...As far as the bar goes - we're happy. They pour the best pint of Guinness in Philadelphia.  Jim and Nile rock. Jim's iPod always makes us happy.  No TV is a plus, Irish music is another plus.  The beef stew I had a few times this winter was yummy, but something about the cooking oil doesn't agree with me.  Would love to be able to eat here more often.Diverse crowd, deep fried pickles and beer! What esle can you ask for?Classic Irish-style pub. I like the atmosphere and the bartender knew all about the beers on tap -- always a plus when you don't recognize them all. I was only in town for a short time, but this is the kind of place I imagine adopting as a second home, of sorts, if I lived in Philadelphia.I went to support my friends band last night. She did a fantastic job and the space upstairs is intimate and has great acoustics. I have seen a few things here, and I always like this vendor for live music or entertainment. However, the service we had last night was downright rude. We were waited on by a very pissed off waitress. It got  to the point where I asked for wings and when she snarled at me, i replied with "is that Ok? Am I allowed to do that?" She was really rude to us the entire night, every time we needed a beer, this was an inconvenience, and talking to us was clearly beneath her. All the beers me and my friend kept asking for, Yards, Sly Fox, kept getting tapped so we ended up with a Sierra Nevada on the house. That was cool of her, so I did give her 20% tip on that. However, the beers did not taste very fresh and my wings were burnt. But this may have been just a fluke of the evening, so I will be visiting Fergie's again, especially if they keep bring such good performers in.Pretty good bar food, and solid drink specials. Some of the food came out cold so that was a bummer.  
The fried dill pickles were solid to start off the night with an ice cold Allagash White, perfect pairing. 
I'll be back to give this popular Philly spot another go around.Bar was not crowded when my group of 15 stopped in for beer and a few appetizers.  You'd think they'd be happy for the business but no!  The waitstaff and bartender were actual rude not just unfriendly!  Skip it!Meh....
You got to love an Irish pub that has better specials on Miller and Coors light then it soes on actual Irish Beer... It aint too bad here though. Its a nice place with a little "old school" charm. ish.Fergie's is great. It's fun whether it be extremely busy, or just a few people. There's always somewhat of a crowd here and it's really easy to network. Very satisfied with all of my experiences.3 stars because I wasn't quite blown away and I was only there once.
I stumbled across this place trying to find a nice quiet bar before a Phillies game. I saw that they had french beers and their menu looked different, so we were hooked!
I tried a Fin du Monde and had the ham n cheese sandwich... it was made with BRIE! it was amazing! 
I definitely need to go back and experience it on a different night, but it's a nice place!Been there once for open mic. It's definitely an Irish bar with "character". This is not a super chic city experience. But I had a great time at the open mic.
Monday night open mic is well attended by musicians and music lovers. Starts at 8 if I remember correctly. Nice room upstairs for music. There's no official "stage", but they give the musicians the corner across from the bar. The wait staff was very nice. Drank Yuengling for $4 and made some great friends in one night. Very active audience is ready to clap along, even on a monday night. I'll go there again.
Oh, and their nachos were probably the best bar nachos I've ever gotten. Literally a mound of chile, sour cream, guac, salsa, cheese, and deliciousness to the point where we had trouble finding the chips. Amazing.Was visiting Philly for a few days a month back. He insisted on giving me the tour of his old favorite watering holes. The only one I would visit again would be Fergie's. Loved the atmosphere, the food, the selections of beers and Irish whiskies, and the service. We went there on 2 consecutives nights and both experiences were exceptional. I liked it so much I wanted to buy a tee shirt to remember the experience. Sadly they did not have the tee shirt I wanted in my size. Later the owner and his wife came in and recognized my friend. They spent some time at our table catching up with my friend as he had moved from Philly several years before. Anyways when talking with the owner I casually mentioned I was disappointed they did not have a tee shirt in my size. he told me he would order some and ship it to me. I told him not to worry about it. He left for a while and came back with a tee shirt that was reserved only for staff. He apologized for not having the tee shirt I wanted and insisted I take it as a gift. He refused to take any money for it. My only complaint is I wish they had a Fergie's in Boston! I would be there often.I was really excited for this visit to Fergies because I'd heard many good reviews from friends. I guess it was an off night for the server but it was a pretty bad experience for me. First off, the beers are way overpriced. I'd rather go to another bar and pay half their prices for the same beer. Anyways, we decide to have a couple and order some food. About 25 minutes goes by and I ask the waitress where my food is. She completely forgot to order it for us. She said our next drinks would be on her. The food was so-so but I ate it because I was hungry. When we were paying our bill at last call, we asked her about that "free" drink. It was too late for her to order us anything so she went back and poured us shots of straight well vodka. Gross. I could do without Fergies again.Went in on a Wednesday night just before the Fleetwood Mac concert. Park at the parking garage right next store because this morning said there was discounted parking for fergies. When is the server about the discounted parking and how to get it she told me it wasn't available. So I asked the bartender and she told me that they were supposed to drop off discount tickets and didn't do it so I couldn't get the discount. I tried to reason why we stopped there and she said there was nothing she could do and I had to take it up with the parking garage. Our server was doing shots along with the bartender and a couple of customer and it distracted from our service my burger was ordered medium rare and came out well done and my partner's steak does ordered medium and came out well done. At the time we were seated there were no other guests in the entire restaurant. Very dissatisfied.The best part about the stain on my shirt from last night's west side pulled pork sam-itch was that I could taste the sauce again this morning. Thanks to Fergie's, Bebe's BBQ, ever elusive for me when I tried to taste it back on 9th street, has finally found a welcoming home in my belly. The pork was tender and juicy, while still possessing a touch of that crispiness I crave, plus a potent smokey flavor (in a great way). The only thing that could have made this sandwich a tad better for me would have been a thicker and spicier sauce. Regardless, I am now quite eager to come back and try the east side version. 
We popped into this very cool spot for a bite to eat after the Philly Scavenger hunt this past Saturday (cough, we won the hunt, cough, cough), only to be pleasantly surprised to find a group of musicians jammin' away with some folk music, squeeze box and all; it felt like one of those old time Ireland pubs you see in the movies. Very relaxed and friendly atmosphere, as always, and the food was tasty as ever. I actually think the mac and cheese I had last night may well be the best I've had anywhere in a very long time; it comes with a generous amount of cheddar cheese, with a good helping in shell form on top (no bread crumbs here). The Fergie fries are also top notch; hand cut and perfectly salty. 
Oddly enough, my favorite part about Fergie's isn't actually anything found inside, rather, look outside to the adjacent parking lot where you will find a giant face mural on the side of the building. I have spent many an hour admiring that interesting piece of artwork, so I recommend you at least give it a peek, then maybe stop inside for a bevie or two. Of course, if you're in the bar drinking, you really ought to give the food a shot. If you do all that, you will definitely not go home disappointedI went to Fergie's today for the first time. It was lunch time, and I had a really good vegetarian chili; it was NOT hot and spicy, and it was delicious!  I do not like really hot/spicy food because all I can taste is the heat.  At Fergie's, the chili is sweet-ish, and I loved it.  I will go back for it again.  Of course, I would like to try other things, too.  My friend had the brisket and pronounced it super.  AND they have cider on tap!  I love cider, and I can't always get it in a bottle, let alone on tap.  The barmaid and others who work there were very warm and welcoming, and the place just has a great vibe.  There's true Irish music playing, too.  I am looking forward to going back.On a Center City Sips Wednesday, we wanted to drink in Center Silly. Silly rabbit.
We walked into--then promptly walked out of--a few bars with throngs of drunken businesspeople and gussied up girls falling all over each other to get a watered down beverage for $4. Then we ended up at Fergies.
What I like about Fergie's is that it's  WYSIWYG. It doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is--an honest-to-god Irish pub with moderately-priced alcohol, decent pub food, and a crowd of regular people.
It has a great beer selection, some board games and events upstairs (big Quizzo hangout) and it has a dark, dungeonly feel, so if you're ever on a date with someone you're slightly embarrassed to be seen with, you can drink here and go totally unnoticed.Great pub for dinner and drinks with friends. Service is excellent and friendly.  Found this place by accident when the restaurants close by were to crowded. It was a great find.Fergie's is one of many Irish pubs in town. I once tried to put together my own Irish Pub crawl, making me realize just how many Philly has. Fergie's is definitely on the more upscale side of Philadelphia's Irish pub scene. 
Their draft and bottle list is way more sophisticated than Guinness alone. Not just that, but they care about the Philly craft beer scene, and craft beer scene in general. I was lucky enough to hear Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head speak there a few months back. 
As far as food goes, think of pub food with a gourmet twist.  They have the classics like wings and burgers, but then add a little something-something. My grilled cheese with bacon on ciabatta hit the spot for sure the other night. 
Fergie's is definitely a standout from my local Irish pub needs.Great selection of bottled beers, including Lambic!  Staff was friendly, jukebox had a great selection, and the vibe was good.  There were a few rowdy barely 21 types, but otherwise the patrons were mostly older (30+), chill, and there to have a few drinks and some good conversation.I went for quizzo last Thursday night, and I had a great time. It's definitely the kind of place that you go to with a medium-to-large group of friends, though. I'll be going back!
As for the drinks, I stuck to pinot noir all night, though the beer list looked decent if that's your thing.Went here to see a band with a friend and this place has a traditional pub atmosphere. The drink list was pretty good with beers from the domestic side, as well as imported beers. The staff was friendly and attentive when you needed something. I do next time want to try the food because the menu look to have the basic delicious pub fare. This is a place that I like to return to relax with a drink.My husband and I were so sad when Bebe's Barbeque closed, but so happy when we heard Mark Coates' moved his cooking prowess to Fergie's. We stopped in last night with a few friends and shared the fried pickles and pork nachos as apps. The nachos were amazing. I mean, pig-out, fingers-licked, delicious. The pickles were so-so. I expected deep-fried spears (like the ones Snooki eats on the Jersey Shore), but instead got dill pickle chips. They most breading and you couldn't really taste the pickle, which I wanted! I was disappointed. The bbq was great - I had the West Caroline pork, which came with slaw (I did not eat) and awesome fries. I was stuffed about half-way through, which is a shock for me. My husband had the brisket and was very happy. The prices and food quality are better than Percy Street and I love the charm of Fergie's. While we were there, one of the staff members put the old Bebe's Barbeque sign atop the doorway inside, so I hope it's an indication that BBQ at Fergie's is here to stay!This is only a review for the quizzo: I like it, but it's not my cup of tea i suppose. Perhaps I should bring out my edition of "Trivial Pursuit" and brush up? This quizzo is more or less knowledge-based than pop culture-based. And not to mention that upstairs gets REALLY crowded for such a small space for quizzo nights, so be there on time!!The building has rats at its dumpsters. Don't try telling me they are napping in the kitchen at night.I was in this pub twice. The first time was with my siblings while we had been in phila visiting we had such a good time. I decided to bring two girlfriends down to the pub, while visiting for a phillies game the next day. We went in and sat at a empty table. The waitress who was an older lady was very rude to us and scolded us for sitting down at the table because it wasn't cleaned off yet. We apologized but I wasn't sure what we needed to apologize for. Then she came back and asking us if we saw a credit card receipt and was very rude again because we had no clue what she was looking for we all looked around we said no we saw nothing. She then took forever to get us a first round of drinks after correcting me on the correct way to pronounce the wine I ordered it was embarrassing. Again a very long wait to order appetizers which we never got four people came in and got food service before us. This waitress walked past and ignored my raised hand when trying to alert her we had been forgotten and our glasses are empty. I felt terrible for my friends. Then I got the younger waitress and somehow our orders never put in lols so we decided we had enough and thought we would just return to our hotel and dine there. When we getting up to leave I saw a five dollar bill on the floor under the table. No we look back and wonder was this maybe a tip she was looking for not sure but this rude waitress ruined the beginning of our evening. I will give it a try again sometime. I want to put this review up just to remind people that you can have an off night in a popular spot, but her treatment to us was beyond any dining experience I have had. What an awful time we had.We went to Fergies for some beers and soup on a chilly day. The service was okay, the beer was good, and the french onion soup was overly salty. I will 100% come back but it's not on my top ten. 
The building itself is very cool.My husband and I were waking around Philly and came upon Fergies we walked in and heard the Irish band playing. We listened to them play with a Guinness in hand. A great day and random pub I would recommend to anyone.when my friend said 'irish pub' for dinner, i had a certain something in mind. visually it's got all the accoutrements of every 'irish pub' from dublin to dubai, it's got the guinness, it's got drunk folks, ok. the menu on the other hand is very unexpected, all kinds of unirishy stuff like SALADS and SPRING ROLLS?!?!? i stuck with the shepherds pie, i needed nourishment after my long day of travel.This bar is nothing crazy , just another Irish bar I ordered the burger with sweet potato fries . The service was okay there was only one server took forever to get help and I feel like you have to drunk to enjoy the experience. Make sure you check the specials on the board they most likely won't tell you .My boyfriend and I stopped in here Saturday on a whim for a very late lunch (early dinner?) and a drink.  The beer selection was excellent.  Service was okay - the two bartenders were more into talking to each other than engaging with the patrons.  I was very pleasantly surprised to find several vegetarian options on the menu and chose the seitan veggie steak sandwich.  It was just okay.  Pretty bland.  But the french fries were awesome.
We stuck around for another round of drinks after our lunchdinner and were thrilled to find that they had a live Irish band set up in the corner starting around 4:15pm.  The music was an awesome bonus while enjoying some good beers!We were in town for a birthday celebration and we ended up at Fergie's as our final stop for the night.  Corina was our bartender and she was amazing!! She had a fantastic attitude and great service.  We ended up going back the next day so I could try the All Day Irish Breakfast.  I didn't ask the name of the other female bartender but she was great too!  She had two tables of 7-10 people and still managed to get our food out at a reasonable time.  The All Day Irish Breakfast was tremendous.  My girlfriend had the pulled pork nachos and they were to die for.  Their home made sour cream was so good!!  I will return to Philly just to visit Fergie's.  The service and food was 5 star!!!!French onion is fantastic and the service is great. Pretty small place but looking forward to trying more food when I come back.Nothing fancy, but a great bar for snowy day drinking.  The fries are awesome too.   Enough said.This is one of the best places to go for Quizzo, which is held upstairs at Fergie's Pub every Tuesday and Thursday at 9 pm. If you want to come here for Quizzo, I'd recommend you get here and try to secure a table by 8:30, because the place can fill up very quickly. Most teams are made up of 4-6 people, and range from young to slightly middle aged. It's a ton of fun and should be experienced with a small group of friends. Simply put, it's a good pub that's inviting and full of nice people.As far as bars go, this is one of the most basic and lame tap lists in the city. How is this regarded as a necessity? Yuengling? BlehhhhFood: 3.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 4
Service: 3.5
Value: 4
The best Irish Pub in the area, hands down. Good food and atmosphere.Cool irish pub. Interesting beer selection. no tvsStopped by for a quick beer between sessions of pouring wine at the Philly Wine Festival.  
They have informal and live Irish music Saturdays between 4 and 7, no cover. 
Perhaps more importantly, they offer cask conditioned beer!  I had a Noddinghead Grog, which was delicious but hard to quantify, somewhere between a mild and amber, it was quite dark and malty with a pronounced sweetness.  Friendly and patient wait staff, too.Lively atmosphere - amazing attention to customer service. I had the West Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich.  Awesome.  Great beer selection to make it all perfect.Fergie's is awesome. 
It isnt the fancy hip spot. It doesnt have foie gras on the menu. There's no dance floor on the second floor. 
There's only awesome food, fantastic beers & great people in a comfortable environment. 
I hadnt been to Fergies in a few years when I came back a few weeks ago. I forgot how much I love it there. They serve brunch now! And with Philly Fair Trade Roasters coffee?! Oh yeah! My wife got the Breakfast Burrito, while I got the pepper & egg sandwich with Sly Fox Beer cheese. Unreal, a real true Philly classic!
If youre in Center City Philly and need a cozy, chill spot, Fergies is the go-to!I don't like Irish-themed bars.
However, with Fergies, it'll probably just be like a pub you'd step into in Ireland.  That means there aren't any gigantic, pretentious green shamrocks plastered everywhere and signs trying to convince you that you're in the most authentic Irish pub possible.  There are no televisions so the focus is with you, your drink, and your mates.  I'm not sure why every other "Irish" pub is basically a sports bar that decorated for the 17th of March.
I usually come for quizzo on Thursday.  You can place first and second to win money off your tab (50$ and 25$ respectively), which is so clutch if you're smart.  You'd definitely want to win that, because $4 for Yuengling and Yards PPA is a bit much.  Also, the small draft list never rotates and there usually aren't any drink specials.  Some friends told me beer is quite expensive in Dublin, I guess there is true authenticity here.This was my 2nd time in Philly, and 2nd time at Fergies.  We stumbled here after Blocktoberfest for some pub food and more booze and were pleasantly surprised to find that they have straight up Irish Music Sessions which were nothing short of awesome.
I was feeling like wine (shocking) and they didn't have my first choice but I really liked what the bartender suggested in lieu of it!
We were drunk-hungry after so much day-drinking, so we got their nachos with some kind of meat (It was garlicy and delicious, but I cant remember...again, shocking), as well as Fried Pickles.
The nachos were great (except that I'm lactose intolerant and was sick for the rest of the day...good job, me!) but the pickles left a lot to be desired.  I feel like when it comes to fried pickles you really need to have a kick ass dipping sauce, and theirs was something dill-y and white and not what I was craving in my drunken stupor.  I'm so classy.
But anyway, Fergies is a cool spot, and I would definitely recommend checking it out, especially if they have the live music because those guys were AWESOME.Fantastic bartender Jim!!! Great place to have a drink at a good price.  Chimay 25. oz  only 16.00 nice chill spot!!Great fish and chips. Atmosphere felt like small town UK pubs I've visited. Love this place!This place was great! It was slightly off the beaten path, so when it was time to grab dinner and everywhere in a 10 block radius was packed we were able to get a table rather quickly. The prices were ridiculously reasonable! I went with the Shepard's Pie, which came with a really great side salad, all for $10. I also was able to enjoy a couple pints of Doc's hard cider at $5 each.
The ambiance was pretty rustic. There was live music, which was a bit loud for the size of the space, but overall more good than bad. Our waitress wasn't in a very good mood, but I sort of blame a member of our party for that one... but I digress. Fergie's is definitely worth a stop.I went here for lunch. I got the Guinness beef stew. It tasted like it was premade and they just heated it up. The service was very slow. Waited an hour to get our food. They messed up our payment also.
The beer selection is okay for a pub. They had yuengling on tap which was unordinary for a pub.
Wouldn't recommend. Probably won't be coming back.The kitchen was closed when we arrived at 1:00AM... so this is just about the bar side of things... and the bar side of things is pretty great! An incredible selection of tap beer. The real highlight is Yards IPA hand pumped by the "beer engine". A beer engine is a device for pumping beer from a cask in a pub's cellar. This place is like stepping back in time and place. Friendly service tops everything off for a perfect experience.Unlike the oldest bar in philadelphia, this is a great Irish Bar.  The people are friendly, the food is great and they have great beer on tap.  It is a real mellow place to hang out, great environment, great tunes playing on the speakers.  The bartender was real chatty with you and a real sweetheart.  I definitely would come back here if i was back in town.Fergie's is definitely a solid 4-star establishment.  I'm not exactly sure how I made it for so many years without paying them a visit, but when I did, I very much enjoyed it.  In the first place, I was invited to perform at a spoken word and music showcase upstairs, though I arrived with some extra time beforehand to grab some food and a drink before performing.  There was also an Irish music open jam going on downstairs, so while some may have considered it to be part of the atmosphere, I found it to be a tad distracting.  They are, however, on top of their game with the food and drinks--wasn't in the mood for a burger so I got the grilled apple and brie sandwich with a side of fries and a hard cider.  As far as the upstairs performance space, the sound setup isn't necessarily expansive, but it is ideal for smaller acts--acoustic musicians, singer/songwriters, and spoken word performers.  Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the downstairs can get a tad noisy if you're there primarily to socialize with friends, but the food and drinks are great, and I would definitely return for another live performance!I've dropped by Fergies maybe 20 times since moving to Philly in '07, primerally because my friend once worked here and still goes in from time to time. Gernarally lacks in any real atmosphere. There are no TV's, which I completely okay with, but more times than not there's no music either, so it always seems too quiet. When there's only 10 or so people in the place, it feels a bit depressing. They do have live "authentic" music downstairs on occasion which is nice, plus upstairs open mic, which isn't for me, but I stay downstairs anyway.
Beer selection is okay, nothing special, but there should be something for everyone, food is also okay. I only eat here if I happen to get hungry whilst already inside. Seems like 1 bartender is always in a huff and in no mood for conversation, the other the exact opposite, full of stories and laughs. Fergies himself seems a character.
All in all, it's just okay for me. It's a good spot for a few beers and a chat during the week and by all accounts gets a good crowd on the weekend, but I just find it a bit sad sometimes, lacks the character of it's owner.Can't speak to the food here as we didn't have any and do feel compelled to mention that despite my five star review the bathroom didn't have any toilet paper and the toilet didn't flush (details details) but the reason for the five star no cover for live band karaoke! Let me repeat that - no cover for live band karaoke! That's a home run! We had a great time watching folks with amazing voices and ok voices get up on stage and belt it out - a great energy associated with a great bar!I came here last month for a second round of drinks on a Friday. I don't remember much from that night except 3 things:
1) Place was too dark, thus the 3 stars. 
2) French onion soup was very good. No complaints.
3) Limerick Wings - I can eat spicy foods, but these wings were hands-down the spiciest wings I've ever had (I could only eat 2).  However, my husband loved it and ate it all up.love love love Fergie's! i've spent a lot of time in london and hanging out in a pub is one of my most favorite activities of all time and all places. yes, i'm sure irish pubs aren't exactly the same as english pubs if you're from that part of the world but for this yank Fergie's is it! best traditional pub stateside! and the guinness here is the absolute best tasting that i've had in the states. staff at Fergie's is amazing, the one time i had food it was very good, and the man himself introduced himself to me on my first visit and made sure to get my name. i feel warmly welcomed on every visit whether i'm seeing a bartender or other staff i've met before or if it's the first time.I recently went here to get dinner with a group of friends on a Saturday. We sat upstairs in front of live musicians.  The musicians were excellent and they really added to the Irish experience.  I really enjoyed the music.  I split wings and sweet potatoes fries with my boyfriend and we both enjoyed the meal. The wings we ordered were mild and cooked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking to sit down with friends, talk and enjoy good music.Went there twice.  I didn't eat, but I drank some. Very casual atmosphere, people were friendly, and from there I found some great tips for what I should explore in the city.  It's a good watering hole for once in a while, when you feel like just cruising.Fergie's is the kind of place everyone in Philly should know-- if they don't already. It's small, it's casual, it's friendly as hell, and the food is great. The servers are warm and lovely, there's live music right at your elbow, and the place itself is just beautiful in a very pub-like way. Don't miss the burgers. Seriously.What you get at Fergies: good, tasty, fast pub food, often with nice little twists.
A great selection of draft beers, always well poured. NO TV-- which earns undying affection from anyone  who has suffered in a so-called "sports bar". 
You will note some negative reviews from people whinging, "They need a TV..." "The waitress wasn't attentive enough to me personally...."   "My boyfriend thought the wings could be better." Christ on a motorbike!, please ignore those people, remember you are going to a pub, not a spa or your shrink, get a draft or three, strike up a talk with a stranger and wind up with a friend, and be amazed at how Fergie seems to know the names of people not yet born.
Would give it six stars if I could. A lovely pub, and do note I've been visiting bars in Philadelphia since before I was legal (1975) !
-- mcgetHave you ever gone to a bar and had the feeling of belonging? Like it was made for you? A feeling that you never want to leave and you never want your night to end??? That's how I felt upon entry to Fergie's. 
I've lived in Philly for the majority of my adult life so I have no idea why I was sleeping on Fergie's, but my first time here was a few months ago for my friend's birthday.  I was in my REM cycle and missing out on this establishment and it is one of my greatest regrets of life.
We came for a band karaoke night? I don't know - whatever that means, but we were on the second floor and there was a band (made up of 3 very beautiful and talented men, maybe the ones who got away??) and you could request songs AND THEN GO ON STAGE AND FRIGGIN SING WITH THEM.  
After 4 vodka waters Lord knows I didn't leave that stage or that microphone.  
It was not too crowded, there was ample seating, but also room for dancing and then room on stage for singing.  Libations were flowing, laughs were being had, I highly recommend and can't wait to come back.Super cute old fashion pub tucked quite literally underneath some looming new development. This is a great old-school feel which clearly hasn't changed in decades. The food was solid,nice selection, and decent beers on tap. I would've preferred more wheat beer options but I'm not an IPA fan. If you are one then you will be happy. 
My husband enjoyed his grilled cheese and we got fried pickles which were very light and thin sliced the way I like them. The cheese fries with the dill ranch were amazing. Definitely fresh cut potatoes and real melted cheese, not wiz. Really good! 
I had cheesesteak eggrolls which are also surprisingly light and really tasty. Mine came with a salad that would've been great except it was topped with blue cheese. That wasn't mentioned on the menu so I'm always annoyed when that happens because I hate blue cheese and it's hard to pick off. That was my only minor annoyance but overall the staff was great and we had terrific food and beer. I love the fact that there are no TVs everywhere and no loud music. Just a nice place to hang out for a while tucked into Sansom Street.I love Fergie's Pub.  We go for the vegan hot wings which are wonderful, I've also had salads, humus, mac and cheese and everything is delicious and fresh.  Service is quick and efficient even when they are super busy.  Wait staff is always friendly and attentive. I have to mention their craft beer selection even though I am not an expert, the bar tender is very knowledgeable and helpful with choosing the right one for you. Love the decor and atmosphere as well.  Thanks for the seitan wings. Definitely worth the trip!Awesome dive bar. Trivia every Tuesday night at 8pm. We try to make it every week. 
There's an upstairs bar as well as the initial bar when you walk in. It reminds me of
My grandma's basement. 
Food is pretty descent here. We've had the wings, fried pickles and fish and chips. All pretty solid.I've always loved hanging at Fergie's on a Thursday afternoon, with a Black Velvet (half cider / half guinness) and my Jonesin' crossword puzzle.
The addition of BeBe's BBQ has def made this place one of our fave spots in the city.  Order the Shepherd's Pie w/a side of Bebe's Mac + Cheese and you will be in heaven.  All the bartenders are attentive and nice seeing Fergie pop in and oversee this dark and lovely pub.Very rude bouncer refused entry because my ID "didn't look right" without giving any further information. He got borderline hostile when I pressed further about what was possibly wrong with my ID.
My ID is 100% legitimate and from the DMV. I hope this place parts way from Robert the bouncer as he is preventing patrons from spending their money at Fergie's. 
From reading other reviews it sounds like this bouncer is well-known for his rudeness and ego.Fergie's is one of the few bars in this city where I would take my parents. Now, that isn't a bad thing, because it's also a good place for a plethroa of scenarios whether it's your first date with someone, or you're just looking for a nice place to chill out and relax (or maybe get completely tanked, but remember, be good about that. I might have my parents there with me and they don't need to see that) with your friends and that's why, even though I rarely venture out of W. Philly these days, it's up there as one of my favorite center city bars.
In lieu of Chrissy R's post about the establishment not having a television, this is one of my favorite features about the bar. I find it very distracting when there is nothing but flashing media all around me. Sometimes you just want to go to a place where you can really just talk with whomever you're hanging with and some of my best (albeit tipsy) conversations have taken place over the tables at Fergie's. If you want a sport's bar, there are dozens of them all over the city. Fergie's is just an all around great place to eat and drink and talk. 
The bar itself isn't tiny, but it's not a place where you're going to find a huge DJ night booked (although, I have witnessed a few drunk people clumsily dance in front of the jukebox.) Essentially, it's exactly what it calls itself, a "pub."
I'm always happy to be able to walk into a bar that has a great mixed crowd. You run into all sorts at Fergies; preps, hipsters, office drones (well, they're not so droney once they get a few drinks in them), college students, senior citizens bopping their head along to the great jukebox selection...really, I always have fun people watching here.We came here late on a Friday hungry and also craving beer.  We were wandering around Walnut St. overwhelmed by all the choices and happened to see this down the block, looking quieter and more laid-back.  It was a good choice!
I had a very interesting dish - it was basically a grilled cheese but the insides were apple and brie, and some fries.  I love brie!  I thought the sandwich was pretty creative and tasty.  Boyfriend got some wings, which he enjoyed but says he had better.
We were both quite pleased with the beer list - there were some interesting choices on there and I got one or two of a fantastic black beer - the Kostrizer Schwarzbeer!
The bouncer here is really intense!  I have never had my ID inspected so thoroughly and for a while thought he was going to refuse us entry.
What else.. no TVs in the downstairs area, nice decor and pretty quiet and chill atmosphere on a Friday night.  Pleasant place to go if you want something low key.A cool little hole in the wall joint. Decent food and nice staff. Beer is good and not crazy over priced. Area is under construction but it's open and simple to get into. Check it out!We got stuck drinking/eating here after giving up looking for another Irish pub during a mini snowstorm.
The only thing impressive about this place is that they have serve Lambic... and that's about it.  The atmosphere was very dim, only lit by few candles.  The server took forever to get to us and had this unemotional "high" face the entire time, like she didn't care to be there... at all... ever.  She certainly didn't know how to pour a beer either, as she spilled an entire bottle over our table, not allowing for the head build up.  (Idiot??)
My party and I had the quesadillas and fries... the fries were acceptable but the quesadillas were terrible.  I couldn't eat half of it because of all the odd mixes of things in it that normally a quesadilla never has.  This place is way too expensive for the quality and quantity of food you receive.  The mixed drinks weren't even good or made correctly, even the simplest of drinks like a Fuzzy Navel.
Will not be returning... and I don't suggest you go... unless, of course, you like terrible service, bad food and your drinks made incorrectly.I like this place. The food is good, they have an ok draft list, and like someone else said, they don't pretend to be something they're not. I just wish they had TVs downstairs or something, and the drinks are a little expensive for my tastes. Nonetheless it's a good place to go if you wanna hit up somewhere not so crowded in Center City.Fergie's is one of my favorite places to grab a beer in Philly. Classic pub with a good, but not overwhelming, beer selection. Service is always good and friendly. The pub food is fresh and delicious. Had a turkey burger last time, with chipotle mayo. Good blend and well seasoned patty on a fresh roll. Waitress was friendly and attentive. The place can get packed, but not nearly as crowded as McGillin's. You can usually find a spot at the bar, or a table, and there's an upstairs too.This is the best pub in the city! Not because they have great food or beer (which they do) but because of Fergie hanging out all the time and making you feel like family! The ladies behind the bar come out to sing at the live band karaoke nights - as well as Fergie himself (did I mention how awesome this man is?). We drive an hour from Jersey just to come to this bar because it's always a fun time. Great $5 beer and whiskey special too (not the cheap nasty crap)! Love, Love, Love this place!Now with Bebe's BBQ owner Mark Coates running the kitchen. Best BBQ in the city hands down...well, probably the only REAL BBQ in the city. And now you can enjoy it with beer!Decent beer, but sexist institution with no womens room (large men's room and one gender neutral bathroom). Will never patronize again as a woman. Treated like a second class citizen without the right to a restroomWent there for dinner last night.  Never again.  Out of this.  Out of that.  No one else there eating yet it took a while for what we ordered  Salad comes out with the burger.  Salad was oily and the dressing had little taste.  My burger was uninspired as were the fries.  The bun was cold, crumbly and flavorless.  My companion's portobello burger was o.k. but also came on a cold, crumbly flavorless bun.  The sweet potato was not piping hot like you like a baked potato to be.  I was not expecting gourmet, but if you are going to serve pub grub at least make it somewhat decent.I seem to always end up at Fergie's Pub not really intending to go there in the first place.  It's usually after having a ludicrous amount of sweet and tangy margaritas from El Vez next door that we end up at Fergie's.  Actually, I ended up there on my birthday last year too.  
They always have awesome bartenders there, my birthday is a little foggy, but I do remember them buying me shots.  Which was, um, awesome!  Drinks all together are not too expensive there either, $3.75 for a pint of Lager and $5.00 for some deece vodka shots.  
I've never had the food here but whenever I look over there are always some people thoroughly enjoying their burgers and nachos.  I should check it out next time.  
Last Monday I was there and they had Open Mic night upstairs.  Very loud experimental music going on.  Um, that with lotsa margarita jammin' throughyour veins could seriously cause an aneurysm.  I much prefer the downstairs area where you can sit, chat and catch up with old friends.This door man is ridiculous. He denied entry to the bar for me and my entire 8 person party because he didn't like "how a girl in my party grabbed her I.d. back from him) guy was preposterous!!! And It was her birthday!!!Really chill place. Pierogies were really good, but the turkey burger was a little too well done and kind of spicy. Staff is nice and prices are a little better than most places around the areaSt. Patrick's Day, Part II: More Beer?
After spending a good chunk of the afternoon at another local Irish Pub, we eventually found ourselves at Fergie's (thank you Yelp bookmarks).  Once again, like its predecessor, it's difficult to give an honest review of this place because of the crazy holiday festivities, so I'll just stay in the middle with 3 stars until I can come back for a second visit and maybe try the food.
Of course there were people all over the place outside and the downstairs was packed, so we wandered upstairs (also mostly packed) and, by a miracle, found two seats at the bar.  The bartenders were understandably overworked, but doing a good job and keeping the crowded bar satisfied.  It got to the point where I was taking orders from people behind me and passing beers and money back and forth, which was actually kind of entertaining.  Hey, just doing my part to keep everyone adequately hydrated.
After one beer, some Irish music and a quick trip to the closet-sized bathroom, we decided to move on in our quest for some late afternoon food.interesting fried pierogees with carmelized onion and apple slices with a sour cream dipping sauce.  a few traditional Irish dishes.  the bangers and mashed were adequate, tho the mashed didn't seem too buttery.  ask before you get a draft-some are expensive hardly worth it.  good service when I was there before the crowd.Cheap beers for Center City. Nice upstairs. Had a good time at a show. Helpful, if not stoic, bartender. Didn't eat the food.Really great place to have a good drink. Sometimes they offer also live music.  Important for me is always a friendly bartender and that is here the case. He is always available for a nice chat, even when it is a busy day. Great man.I wandered in with a friend on a Saturday evening around 5:00 to find the most amazing jam session (with the most adorable 6 or 7 year old fiddler girl!) in progress!  The music was excellent, kept me warm from the rain.  Or maybe it was the $4 Yuengling and Yards pints?  I miss Pennsylvania. 
The second floor happened to be closed but the lower bar and space was bumping and throbbing -- happiness, good friends, warming drinks all around.  The fries are incredible -- no seriously, delicious.  The french onion soup too.  The perfect place to warm up on a chilly, rainy Philly night!This is one of my favorite kind of Irish pubs in Philly. I loved the Guiness stout. Def recommended!!!
I also ordered the roast beef sandwich which comes with fries. I loved it! It came in a big big portion with lots of fries!! I also ordered Margarita, it was fine but not the best Margarita that one could get.
I realy enjoyed my time at Fregie's because of the karaoke style show upstairs! The band was performing perfectly while everyone there was so happy and enjoying!!! My friends and I really had a great Friday night at Fregie's because of its environment and delicious food and authentic drinks!Stumbled on to this place on a random Wed.  Had Brie and apple and chicken sandwich along with a fantastic house salad. Solid beer selection a reasonable prices.. attentive and friendly wait staff.  Great music. Will be back!I stopped in for a couple of beers with a coworker while visiting for a conference.  We did not eat.  I was disappointed in the beer selection on draft, it was small and lacking diversity.  The service was just okay even though it was pretty empty.Excellent beer specials and great bar service. Most beers on tap are well-priced. For a calm, Wednesday night it's a great place to sit and talk. The music was a little loud for my preference.Fergie has one of the best pubs in the city. There are many beers on tap in this cozy dive bar. And even thou it is a dive bar, the food is outstanding. Their veggie burger and Vegan Steak Sandwich are both very good.
They have live performances in this bar upstairs. Their Live Band Karaoke is a must see. This is amazing fun and it's always great when Fergie himself takes the stage. They also have an outdoor spot when the weather is nice.I love having a strong team for quizzo night, and I love trying new places out because you never know what they'll ask. On the night that team Johnny Foreskin and the Pullbacks cruised into Fergies I had no idea that my brother would whip out "deltoid", or that Akshay would know the first line of Hotel California. I mean, the team was on fire. Why is this relevant? Because the winning team for a Fergie's quizzo night is $50 off the bar tab, how ironic because they also have a $10/pp minimum to stay and play. With five people on the team, a bill totaling $58 for us to order a couple pitchers of beer and some eats, and an epic win, we walked out happily satiated for $5/pp. WINNING!
So in regards to the actual bar....well, it's a great little Irish pub. Dark wood, dark kind of moody interior, intimate but still friendly. Food? Can't really say, my brother and I split an order of fried pickles that were just kind of "meh", super thin sliced so they were more like little chips, nice, but I need a little more pickle action. Brew? Well it was a lager pitcher...doesn't really need much explanation.
I don't know that it's normal to have so few teams attending a quizzo night, perhaps it was because we were there on a Tuesday night after the 4th of July. It's not super rowdy like other bars can be on quiz night, which is almost a welcomed change of pace. Will we hit it again? Maybe just maybe, rumor has it this place whips out some mean BBQ.Ok, let's set something straight. I am Irish, a little. My husband, he is Irish..a LOT....like a whole lot... 
Back when we first started dating we dug Fergies for the fish and chips and access to some different, moderately priced beers that were a change from the basic lagers we would get while we were out. The atmosphere was always a bit prep, which I grew out of once I hit 23yrs as it was a mere fashion statement of my late adolescence (Abercrombie and Polo anyone? Yea, I did that once.), but the open mic night was very reminiscent of something I would sneak into during my teenage years. I'm a child of the alternative 90's, what can I say? Bars with kid strumming guitars always give me good vibes. Makes me think of what college should have been like. 
As I got older and matured I was happy that Fergies for the most part stayed the same. The nights with the live music, especially the traditional band,  are something I always try to get visiting friends to see and the fact that they are without television is a HUGE factor in luring me in some nights...let's face it, I can't do the huge crowd of lawyers and frat boys in McGillians all the time so it is nice to have somewhere quiet just around the corner. 
The decor is rustic and dark, everything old, fine handcrafted wood. Minimal lighting, a little bit of art, and a mixture of the old salts and happening young fashionistas make it suitable for anyone. It's a place you can bring business, friends, parents, out of towners, and still feel comfortable. The food is always great, although I wish their shepherd's pie was lamb rather than beef. Always make sure you check the specials before ordering because there is always something out of the ordinary that makes you taste buds do little happy dances on your tongue. 
I was upset in seeing that they took Harp off of the tap at my last visit  (when I go out I tend to only order draft beers....lack of waste and the fresher taste..hey that rhymed) and I refuse on paying nearly $6 for a bottle of the beer. Instead they are replacing the normal taps with  little things like local brews, which I love - don't get me wrong- but when I go to an Irish bar I want Irish food and Irish beer...beer that is NOT Guiness! I can get Guiness anywhere and it sucks.
Aside from that there really is no reason to give it a shot. If you keep your drinking to a minimum you can eat and grab one or two for about $20 but once you start downing those $6 drafts forget it.Quizzo and other shenanigans.
Ok so I've been to Fergie's a few times now and it's a pretty decent place.  I sat upstairs once for quizzo which was difficult but not frustrating.  I hung out downstairs the second time for a friend's birthday celebration.  Both times I was treated respectfully and the service was very good.  I even left my card at the bar the night of quizzo and when I returned the following day, I learned that they held it for me.  Pretty awesome.
The beer selection here is not as varied as some.  This is much more of an Irish pub and I think that's ok.  In Philly presently it seems like there are lots of bars that have amazing beer selections.  I'm fine with a place that pours a Guinness properly and for a good price.
I haven't had the food here but I'm sure I'll get to it at some point.  I like what I've seen so far.
Oh, and winning at quizzo wasn't half bad either ;)I lived in Philly for almost two years, and always walked past Fergie's with curiosity. Finally, during my last week living in the city, I was able to experience it when my friend played an open mic there. The service was great and my Moscow mule was delicious! The acoustics were also really well done for all of the performers. I liked the coziness of the bar and it definitely feels like a Philly staple.Best place in center city. Where else can you greeted by the owner and always served great beer by  a beautiful bartenderWhat can I say about Fergie's?   Well, the owner Fergus Ferguson is a very reasonable man.  For years, I've been hosting open bar events for $30 for 3 hours of open bar.  Anything you want, top shelf liquor, anything goes.  You can stand on the stools and the bar, you can hang from the ceiling fan, you can wear a tuxedo inside and no one cares.  Because everyone is having an amazing time.  Once we went through 15 bottles of Jaeger in 3 hours.  At that point, Fergus was actually upset, but we pointed out that only alcoholics go there during the day, he calmed down and allowed us to down the 16th bottle.  In, fact sometimes I go into Fergies and ask for Fergus, and ask for the one-hour open bar for $10.  He doesn't always agree, but you never know.Came here for Trivia on Thursday night and it was really fun! I love how they have a pictures round for this Trivia which is my personal favorite part. The waiters were all really good about getting tables food and drinks, too, especially since it was so crowded. I ended up ordering an actual entree of Shepherd's pie and it was great! It was a good size too because most places I go the shepherds pie usually isn't too large. It was surprisingly really good and filling! I'll definitely be back!I like this place! They have quizzo on Tuesdays at 8 PM and Thursdays at 9 PM and their food is yummy! I had the roast beef sandwich with french fries and au jus. Very good! The boyf had the Irish breakfast, which is served all day, and loved it. Also tried the wings in the house sauce, good and spicy, and the fried pickles, which were not really what I was expecting (just dredged in flour and fried, rather than battered and fried). Its a nice, chill, neighborhood pub close to my house and I'll definitely be back.Oh my - the seitan wings - make veganism - taste soooooo gooooooood. AND the vibe is great. Gonna be a frequenter for sure.So, it's around 6:00 on a Saturday evening, I'm leaving Finn McCool's for the subway and a visit to my oldest younger brother's new house in south philly as the cap for what has been an absolutely fantastically fun, beer and rain-soaked day with another of my brothers, and what do I see? no, not shorter sentences-- a sandwich board advertising a live band in Fergie's! Oh, who would have thought this day could get any better? Needless, to say we dipped in and it did! I saw the sign above the door as we sat down and remembered that Bebe's had moved here, too! Talk about Joy of joys and instant hunger pangs!
I ordered the mac and cheese, bro ordered a pulled pork sandwich and side of fries. Regretfully, at this point in our day my belly was so full of beer that I couldn't handle the unbelievably creamy cheesiness of the traditional, though absolutely phenomenal, mac and cheese so my brother ended up eating it. Fortunately, I got to devour his fries instead (my second favorite appetizer/side after mac and cheese) and they ranked right up there with the best of them. In fact, i might have to go back tomorrow night and see if they were as thickly handcut, salty and crunchy and filled with explosive potatoey lava as i remember... Service was friendly and very prompt and, beng so early on a Saturday night, the bar was not quite full. Food came out extremely quickly, and not just for us, either.
Ultimately, Fergies is Fergies-- great beers, good food, good times had by all. Fergies with Bebe's BBQ? great beers, outstanding food, better times had by all. Fergies with Bebe's BBQ *and* a cool bunch of people gathered around a big table drinking beers and playing irish music with pennywhistles, fiddles, mandolins, and even a concertina-- incredibly awesome ...
p.s. in fact, it's probably only that the band lacked a bodhran that kept me from giving them that elusive 5th star...