The BBQ is a little overrated here. So many people told me how fantastic this place was which probably ruined it for me as I went in with pretty high expectations. I lived in Texas for 3 years so that probably also ruined it as well. For philly standards, the BBQ is pretty good. For Texas standards, it's ok. The meat was a tad dry. The sides were ok but nothing spectacular. Also, it's a tad pricey. In 7 years of living in philly, I only went here once. It was worth a try but for the price and value I never came back here again.I was so so excited to get in to some brisket. I had tried the Fette Sau in Brooklyn and was impressed by the beef cheeks. Unfortunately, I paid over $15 for 3 slices of brisket that really lacked flavor. I dream about the melty fat produced by Austin's Franklin BBQ. This was not that kind of fat.Who would think that one of the best bbq places I've been to is in Philadelphia. A great evening catching up with with one of the most incredible people I know, Kristin Parker Serrano and her husband. 
The brisket was cooked to perfection. As we're the short ribs, and pulled pork. My favorite side was the spicy cole slaw. 
Lose a star because the success need a little work. Spicy is not. .vinegar was watery. I don't do sweet so can't comment on that.Let me start by saying I'm a BBQ snob. I'm not an a-hole about it, but I really don't eat BBQ unless I'm behind the smoker. I spent 15 years in Kansas City so I know a bit about the craft. 
Waking in, I liked the atmosphere. Mix matched chairs at wooden tables, tractor seats at the bar. It feels like we're eating at a roadside bbq joint. 
Next we ordered drinks. I picked a local brewery on tap, my friend picked from a huge selection of whisky. 
While he was getting settled, I admired the BBQ selections. In addition to chalk board descriptions, the the freshly smoked meats are in a case for all to admire. The meat is sold by the pound which allows me to make my own mixed plate! I chose brisket, ribs, pulled pork and mac n cheese. They were all smoky, which is my first test. I don't use sauce unless it's really necessary. Second, they all had a great bark. The brisket had the best crunch. Lastly, the Mac n cheese was smoky with jalapeno heat. Loved it. 
All in all, this Virginia based, Missouri taught BBQ jerk enjoyed the whole experience. 
Next time I'm in Philly, I'm skipping the cheesesteak, and spending my hard earned money on quality BBQ.I'm a huge fan of the original Brooklyn location, and this Philly branch has also managed to score high points in my book.  Though the prices are still crazy steep, the barbecue is still insanely delicious (mmm, brisket and pulled pork) and their vinegar-based potato salad is by far the best I've had in the city.
Also grateful that the space is much larger in this location than the Brooklyn one -- generous outdoor seating for the summertime, and also a bunch of indoor seats if you're sun-phobic or want to be close to the huge bar full of booze.These guys are as good as it gets
I live in N Libs so it's a short walk.  The atmosphere is just great.  Open and friendly.  There is a nice bar where you can order up an excellent manhattan and a nice variety of beers.  The food, well, they knock it out of the park with pretty much everything so you can't go wrong.  You order up front and take the food to the table where you have a selection of excellent BBQ sauce.   I would absolutely recommend the ribs or pulled pork. 
So, great atmosphere, reasonable prices, great service and superior food.Happy hour special, hands down best deal around for good food and cheap drinks.There were 5 of us and we ordered a ton of food! Whole chicken, lb of brisket, lb of ribs, 2 mac & cheeses, baked beans and broccoli salad. Came to $20 a person so it wasn't bad at all. Definitely would go again. Everything was really good except for the broccoli salad. It had too much vinegar.Great place to convene with a group of friends for drinks. Only had the food once and it was delicious.
Shout out to the awesome bartender Lindsey (blue hair, sweet tats) who is a miracle worker at the peak of happy hour! I am convinced she has 10 arms. No matter how many people swarming the bar for drinks, she gets to everyone in record time.- TIP:  Superb happy hour if you like whiskey & beer.  Half off manhattans, old fashioneds, and all beers (which are served in 8oz, 16oz, 32oz, or 64oz jars).
- CON:  Bar can get overwhelmed; meaning it takes too long to get a drink sometimes.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Great atmosphere with great BBQ meats and sides.  Don't miss the beans with burnt ends.  Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the sauces are just OK, and the bar can be a service bottleneck.Chris the bartender was very good .. he went above and beyond.  Food also was impeccable and I definitely would recommend this to any of my friends.. GO CHRISLove this place. Great BBQ, great whiskey/bourbon options, and a good selection of beers to choose from. The atmosphere is perfect. Its an open space with many wooden tables with cool BBQ-related artwork on the walls. Reminds me of an authentic BBQ joint I went to in the middle of nowhere in South Texas. Can't wait to come back.Pretty good BBQ and sides. Everything is a little pricey, but some of it is completely worth it. The cornbread sucks though and I wish it was served warm and wasn't as dry. I like to mix the spicy and sweet sauces together to dip all my meat. I go with the brisket and pulled pork and it tastes great. Cool location too.Really good brisket and smoked drumsticks. Ribs were a bit dry and I wasn't a fan of the beans. Service was very friendly and prices are decent for brisket this good in the Northeast. Definitely worth the visit for any true fan of BBQ and smoked meats.Love this place! Its brisket and pulled pork are off the hook delicious! Very tender and moist! Too bad I can't give the praise for their ribs though. Not sure if they do, but maybe they should use spare rib instead of of babyback. Smoke sausage are ok. I think sausage itself needs longer curing for more flavor.Would love to see them offering other smoke meat (or even fish if possible). Highly recommend!!!This place has a cool Southern vibe, fantastic BBQ, and great rhythm & blues. It's definitely unlike any other place in Philly. But if you go on a Friday or Saturday night around dinnertime, don't arrive starving. The first time we went it was a Friday night, and we waited in line for 1 hour to get our food! We usually go on a weeknight, or weekend afternoon, and there is no line.  The chicken, pork ribs, and coleslaw were my favorites.Food is AMAZING!! Drinks are okay and the price is a little steep but you eat your money's worth. Glad I took the bartender's advice and got the chicken!Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, and I'm a foodie.
Their brisket was the best meat I've ever had. Sides really well done and drinks? Their drink menu and bar tenders are fucking phenomenal. 
This would probably be my last meal if I was on death row. I can't get over the brisket.Love it! Drinks are amazing...be ready to have your socks knocked off. And the food is AMAZING! A definite must!This place can be an amazing start to a Sunday Funday that you would not forget until the next great Sunday Funday. 
First off. The BBQ is so delicious, I like the fact that all the meat is dry rubbed and you can mix and match sauces which are on the table to tickle your taste buds in which ever way you desire. The choices of BBQ include brisket, ribs, beef short ribs, pulled pork and chicken (served only at night so I have to go back) the best part about this place is that you order by the pound so you can order all the meats in however big portions you need. For example, I ordeed 1/4 lb of pulled pork, 1/4 lb of beef brisket and 1/4 of beef ribs. I got to choose all three which rarely happens at bbq spots. Onto the sauces, there are 3. Super spicy, vinegar based and sweet. My favorite BBQ is from North Carolina, so you know I doused my meat with some vinegar.... She did not say that..... 
Okay... so this was the start to an awesome Sunday Funday... after you're full on BBQ go to Frankford hall and wash down the food with some amazing beer.So this was my first time here. Very cute and good southern BBQ ambiance. Unfortunately we were regulated to only limited side dishes as they were out of chicken at 1:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday.  
The sides we had were nothing to speak of. Corn was greasy, beans were just ok, potato salad was mediocre as was the broccoli. I was so looking forward to it but it was a complete let down. 
Ps. Tasted each of their 3 sauces and omg they are horrible.  Probably a good thing they didn't have chicken as there is no good sauce to put on it. Don't waste your timeReally good brisket! definetly try the burnt ends "sandwich" and the baked beans with burnt ends. Happy hour is where it's atI hesitate to give any place 5 stars, quite frankly, but this is the best Q outside Austin, in my opinion (other than mine, of course). Served without sauce and not needing a drop. The pulled pork was outstanding. Perfectly rubbed, great texture. Beef ribs were outstanding and perhaps even better than Franklin's in Austin - blasphemy ;-)!! The St Louis ribs were very good and maybe the one meat that paired well with their sweet sauce, though certainly not necessary. Brisket was good, as was the pork belly. Didn't have any sides except for the pickles which were crunchy and mild. Whiskey selection was amazing. A shame we were there for lunch. Need to go back to try the evening peking duck as well. Worth the long trip for us. Not cheap, but quality generally isn't.I've made two trips to Fette Sau.  But the first time I was extremely inebriated, so I'm going to go ahead and focus only on my second visit.
First of all, Fette Sau is in an awesome location.  Not only is it right next to Frankford Hall and a short walk from places like Johnny Brendas and the Piazza, this spot is easily accessible from the Market Frankford Subway and the Girard Ave Streetcar.  If you choose to drive, I suggest parking at Sugar House for free and walking down.  It's approximately a 5-10 minute walk.  As far as I know, no one will mess with your car in that parking lot, but don't quote me on that.
Once you arrive, you come through an entrance that feels like you are in some back alley, Prohibition-era gin joint.  I really like the vibe in this place with the long picnic tables, and the barn-like feel that it has.  
How service works at Fette Sau is you walk up to the food counter and order your meats by the pound.  Likewise, the sides are sold a la carte, in small and large sizes.  Once they give you your food, you pay at that counter.  Drinks are sold in a similar fashion.  All tables are self-seated (no reservations are taken here)  Super casual and great for groups.  Makes it super easy to grab more food and drinks, as you desire, throughout the night. 
So the atmosphere is fun, but how's the food?  I actually really enjoyed everything we ordered.  On our visit, my husband and I shared some pulled pork and a bunch of sides:  Burnt end baked beans, german potato salad, broccoli salad, and coleslaw.  I am a huge fan of both the meat and the sauces here.  Of the sides, I would say the baked beans were my favorite.  They had these little morsels of pork mixed in and the beans were the perfect amount of sweet and salty... yum-o!  I was a big fan of the german potato salad and the coleslaw.  However, I was a bit underwhelmed by the broccoli salad even though I'm normally a huge fan of broccoli.
Beer list is pretty solid.  And they always have a cider on tap, which is great for people who may not care for beer.  They apparently also have a huge selection of whiskey, but that's not really my thing.  I would say that Fette Sau would be a great location for grabbing some beers with a group of friends- it's quiet enough to hear your friends but also lively enough that you don't feel like its a funeral.
Another note on the atmosphere:  On my last visit, we arrived around 645 on a Friday.  And it was PACKED with children.  Now I don't have children so I don't normally assess the kid-friendliness of restaurants.  But I would definitely say that Fette Sau is one of those places where it is totally cool to bring your entire family.  
And finally, the prices.  I feel like you get a really good value for your money here.  Because you order by the pound and order your sides a la carte, you can order as much or as little as you choose.  My husband and I aren't huge eaters, and our meal cost us a little over $20 (excluding drinks).  Which in my opinion is pretty good.  Beer prices seem in line with the neighborhood, but one nice thing is that they sell half pints.  I LOVE half pints.  I'm a slow drinker and my beer always ends up warm OR my husband will drink 2-3 beers in the time it takes me to drink one and then he gets drunk OR my friends threaten to leave me at the bar if I don't finish those last 6 sips of beer!!  So yeah, they have half pints which is awesome.
Visit Fette Sau with a group, on a date, with your kids.  Visit Fette Sau for a big feast, a small bite, just a few beers.  Just make sure you visit!!Great. The meat, the vegetable sides, the buns, and the cocktails are all exceptional. While Philadelphia is not known for its BBQ, Fette Sau stands out.Fette Sau is not the barbeque place in Philly in my opinion and here's why.
Returning to Philadelphia in the summer, I'm thinking barbeque would be an apt meal to get together with friends.  And Fette Sau is totally cool looking ... most cities would love to have such a cool-looking atmospheric barbeque hangout.  And another plus is that the staff are friendly ... and helpful in explaining the system of ordering at the various stations.  
But I wasn't blown over at all by the meats.  The meats were of good quality but I def don't like the flavor that much in comparison to other spots in Philadelphia.  The coffee rub used is just a turnoff and the sauces provided not that much tastier to me.  The spicy one was not spicy and had a really odd flavor.  Then you get to the sides of which most of us (eight people) didn't find any of them tasty or memorable.  The broccoli had little flavor as did the potato salad.  (I had just come back from eating Austrian potato salad in Vienna - there's no comparison - Austrian potato salad rules!). The best of the sides were the baked beans.  Desert was also limited without much of an impression.
Now for the price - for all this mediocrity, you pay a tremendous amount.  Believe me the costs add up at the different stations.  To me the best value was a decent beer selection and a very good choice of whiskeys.  And of course the atmosphere is fine.
But I won't be hanging out here ... nor will my friends who were there with me.  We all felt we had had much better bbq at less cost in Philly.This place is great. The cocktails are unique and the bartenders are knowledgeable. They have a massive selection of whiskey and gin, so be sure to ask the bartenders recommendation based on your preferences. 
The food is served cafeteria stylish. You wait in line, pick our what you want, pay, then sit down at one of the many tables.
A bonus: they have great homemade "hot" and "sweet" sauceThis place is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The focus on good whiskey and barbecued meats is admirable.  I've heard mixed reviews about this place, and I think that's because if you go solo, you're missing out.  This place is meant to be enjoyed with and as a group. Get 4-10 people together, order a bit of everything, and share it all.  When I did that, everyone ate dinner for less that $10 each.  
My own personal highlight is the pork fat.  Perfect amounts of fat and meat meld together in this delicious dish.I don't have enough awesome things to say about this place! 
I've actually visited twice in the last two weeks, once with family and once with friends. We had a great experience both times. The staff is so friendly and the food is phenomenal. For two people, we usually order a 1/2 pound of 2 or 3 of our favorite meats and 1 large side or 2 small ones, our faves include the baked beans and mac n cheese  (double this if you're going to have a party of 4). I love the seating here, the big picnic tables outside and the fun random chairs surrounding the tables inside. And after you get to your table, you have a variety of sauces to slather onto your meat, yum!
It can get crowded and loud sometimes, but not every time. Try to plan your visit with some extra time, just in case there is a line. 
My only personal disappointment is that I haven't been able to make it up there for happy hour yet! The menu looks fab, and we are constantly trying to plan to be there on time!We came here on a Friday night clueless on what to expect.  Funny enough, we didn't even know this place would have BBQ!  Being from the south, I have yet to find a good place to get some BBQ. We started our night with a beer, which was served in a mason jar.  They stole my heart!  This was super cool. Don't be fooled by all their sizes. You don't save any money on getting a larger beer until you REALLY jump in size.  So decide, do you want a big beer to look cool and it get warm easily or a smaller beer that you can easily drink and grab another option quickly?  
We decided to also indulge in a sausage.  Once again, surprisingly delicious.  The sauces on the table are a hit and miss. I'm pretty anxious to come back and truly get a meal at this joint. 
Overall, a cool place with good beers and food!3/5 stars given since I did order take out. I would have given 2 stars if the food tasted the same in the restaurant. I wasn't impressed at all. Not a fan of the potato salad and the vinegar sauce for the meat was actually quite disgusting. Pulled pork didn't really seem pulled and was fatty. Also didn't receive extra sauce despite being charged for them.Showed up in time for happy hour - $5 Old Fashions!  No reason not to make it a double at that price, so I did.  And then had another.  Can't recall the meal but seem to think it was delicious.stopped in for dinner, place was busy. happy hour beers half price-always a positive. Staff was very nice. I ordered 1/2 lb ribs, 1/2 lb brisket, broccoli salad and burnt ends sandwich then pecan pie for dessert. burnet end sandwich was not burnt ends just shavings from brisket. brisket was not ended and both had no smoke flavor at all, severly disappointed. ribs were not tender, were actually tough with silver skin still on them and again no smoke flavor. broccoli for broccoli salad was not crisp but mushy. pecan pie was the only gd thing.Best thing about the restaurant is the outdoor seating.  Brisket fatty and bland.  Food very expensive and sides nothing to write home about.  Will stick with my local BBQ # Baracoa -- much better in every wayGood bbq place! Very active place, so if you're wanting a place for a serious conversation, stay home 
Ordered spicy sausage link, one short rib, side of Mac and cheese, and corn muffin. My eyes were bigger than my stomach and had to share with a friend. Honestly, I would've been on with just a sausage link and Mac and cheese - which I highly suggest drenching in spicy sauce because it's smoky and delicious and why not (stop judging me ).
Recommend to wash it down with the mango whiskey punch!Very good brisket.  Everything else was just okay: ribs, mac &a cheese, collards, potato bun, pickles.  Sauces on the table were very good but I expected the spicy to be spicier.  Beer selection on draft was decent.  Not cheap, but also not particularly expensive.  They ran out of several things by like 930pm, too - which is annoying for a place that serves food until midnight.  I liked it, I just didn't think it was worth the money or the wait.Very good meats and like everyone says a bit pricey. Try to avoid over ordering, you can always go back for more. 
The baked beans and jalapeno mac cheese were AMAZING!Big one: I'm really into saurkraut. I make it, eat it on the daily, swear by it. Yours is really sub-par. So disappointing. I want to come again, and have more great meat, with more saurkraut, but I may have to sneak in my own next time. You source yours from Brooklyn, but you must know ... Philly has our own great saurkraut makers. Think Food and Ferments, Cobblestone Krautery (the most local), and Lancaster Farm Fresh.
Love the ambiance, and the BBQ is good, the meat is great quality, though the prices are steep and the lines are long (and confusing to navigate on your first try, but I guess that's part of the charm?). A good add to Frankford Ave, overall!Good premise with ordering your food at the walk-up counter and having the BBQ meats sliced and served on a tray before your eyes, however, it is a terrible idea if you have 40 people waiting in line with two slicers and one open register.  A great idea, but seems to fall flat if you don't have the adequate amount of staff to serve a dinner or lunch rush at your restaurant.
Overall, the food was good and very fresh.  Tried a number of sides and meats there.  Tried the beef ribs and half-chicken, potato salad, half sour pickles, baked beans, and the roasted mushrooms.  The beef ribs were a little fatty (as expected), chicken had good moisture and smokiness, but the roasted mushrooms were the star of the show.  They were excellent and would get me to come back to the restaurant.
Try this place out if you have a spare 45 minutes to wait in line...Long line while waiting for service- cafeteria style. The awkward layout of the food prep/heated stainless container area(s)-- as well as a need to stop and exactly weigh each portion -makes the process of getting served rather strange and unnecessarily slow. 
Whoever designed this area needs a course in ergonomics, stat! 
Never before have I seen restaurant staffers perform such Olympic-level food prep gymnastics. 
(If I were an Judge at the Olympics:Rib dude a 6- Smilin' girl at the "weigh station" - a  9).
You go, weigh station girl! 
It was painful- ya' know? - Like watching a leftie pre-schooler use right handed scissors. 
My server empathy was on overdrive.
BUT
Once you get your food- head over to the bar for some great beers on tap.
I agree with some of the other comments about higher than expected price, lackluster sides, etc.... So we went with the obvious- at Happy hour, we had burnt the end sandwich- YUM!- (only 5 smackers) and 1/2 priced beer. Additionally, (and most importantly) the full serving of St Louis? ribs fed us both and was delicious. Keep in mind that, although the food prices are slightly higher than one would expect, there are some obvious savings from it not being table service (20% tip, etc). 
Great music too.
There are times when you only really want ribs, blues and beer.
For those moments- this is your spot.
Grab a paper towel and dig in.fantastic place.  nice open seating, friendly staff.
the pork ribs and pulled pork were amazing.  the broccoli salad had a nice acidic bite to it and the roasted mushrooms were savory and flavorful.  the keylime pie was just the right tart and the brownie was moist and rich.
dig in and bust out the wet naps!Probably the best barbecue I've ever had! Such a cool place too. Staff there is always greatI hadn't planned to end up here tonight but nonetheless, after a full day of walking around the city, one of my friends suggested we come in for drinks. What an experience! The decor is equal parts backyard, front porch, and hunting lodge. The drink menu, specifically the whiskey selection, was expansive. After two hours of sipping I finally had enough of fighting the delicious smells coming from the kitchen, so I ordered 1/2lb of pulled pork and a few ribs to split with a friend. The pork was moist and flavorful, and the ribs were well-seasoned and fell off the bone. Really the only disappointment was the sauce selection - the hot sauce wasn't particularly hot, and the sweet sauce left us wanting a little more. I found that adding some vinegar to the sweet sauce put it right where it needed to be. Had the bacon brownie for dessert - the bacon added some texture and a little flavor but it wasn't overpowering.
Location is great - just around the corner from the Girard stop on the El - so between the good food and accessible location, I'll definitely be back.Awesome spot for BBQ. The brisket is unreal. Whiskey flows, BBQ sauce pours. Great spot for the pre-night out meal.this is another quality establishment in the stephen starr empire.  its located right next to frankford hall in fishtown.
they do a great job of creating an experience.  the inside has a very cool feel to it.  you can tell they took lots of time and did lots of research on every detail.  you approach the meat counter and everything is cut to order.  all meat is sold by the pound and the sides are available in different sizes.  the flank steak and baked beans were particularly good.  seating was plentiful and each table was stocked with 3 different types of bbq sauce.
they also have a bar with an extensive selection of whiskeys.This place now is my favorite BBQ spot. The food was excellent in everyway shape and possible. Thank you thank you ill be back and I'm spreading the word on this location. Me and the misses are so full and in joy from the food we get from here. The place is played back and friendly love it. Keep up the good work. It's to bad I can only rate you a 5 cause you are all a 10+ in my book.We first ate at Fette Sau with a small group of co workers, and I thought it was a perfect casual eatery for small groups!  It's open, modern and little funky but the food & craft beer is the star here. 
Fishtown has recently had a resurgence of art, food and drink and this is a great example of it.  As soon as you enter the front door you see a huge bar with local craft selections, as you move thru the dinning area its open and modern....we always sit outside in the courtyard area where there's a causal cool ambience.  There is an order window just for food, mostly german inspired small plates.  The burgers are fresh, and the menu is creative, I can't say enough good things about this place EXCEPT the parking can be tough.Came here with the family late afternoon yesterday mostly because of the Craig LaBan review from the Inquirer.  I also read the Yelp reviews which were mostly positive.  I wanted to try some great BBQ and my birthday was right around the corner along with my anniversary a few days ago, it seemed like a good place to come.  The kids were supposed to be at home with the sitter, but she bailed and we ended up with them.
Fette Sau is in a wonderful industrial like setting with exposed beams.  You line up cafeteria style and order by the pound for meats and then sides.  They come on a metal tray with some brown paper.  You can then try and get your picnic table (on a 5PM Friday we did not have to wait too long but it was very crowded by 6PM).  Alcoholic drinks are at another station, and you get your own silverware and plates near the entrance.  Sauces and napkins (paper towels) are at your table.
We decided to buy a lot of different things, and then take home what was left over.  1 lb each of the St. Louis Ribs, pork belly, Black Angus Beef Short Ribs, and Pulled Pork.  1/2 chicken, and sides of mushrooms, sauerkraut, coleslaw, baked beans, and potato salad.  The meats are sold by the pound, the sides come in small or large (and the difference is not that much.) 
"Why is everything burnt?" my kids were asking and had to be told, "It's not burnt; it's blackened."  
 For the meats, everything was a winner except for the Short Ribs (but the leftovers were great with my eggs the next morning!)  My son loved the chicken, my daughter really liked the St. Louis ribs, and my wife liked the pulled pork.  I liked it all especially the pork belly.  The blackened meats were not a turn-off, and had decent seasoning on them all.  There was a vinegar sauce which we did not try, a sweet which my wife really liked, and a spicy which was a gorgeous dark thick sauce with some nice heat to it.  The sauces really perked up some great meats.
For the sides, the mushrooms were out of this world, sauerkraut was nice and crunchy, baked beans had a peculiar flavor but we liked them anyway, and the coleslaw was a loser.  It was made with red cabbage and was too sour to be liked.  The potato salad I was the only one who really liked it as the rest of my family thought it had too much mustard taste to it.  I liked the huge chunks of potatoes and did not mind the mustardiness.
For drinks, the self-serve water had too small of plastic cups.  They had plenty of beer on tap, but none of that Coors or Miller or Bud crap which my wife likes.  She had to go with the lightest beer they had which was a pillsner and she was not too fond of it.  I got an awesome Jacks Cider.  I went back later for a cocktail of a lemonade which had whiskey in it.  Wife hated it; I liked it.  They have a lot of different whiskey to purchase.
For dessert, we got two bacon brownies.  They pretty much make bacon and cut it up and put it in the brownie mix.  The brownies we got were not spongy, but a little too hard and although you could see bacon pieces, I don't know if you got the bacon flavor.  I think we should have went for the key-lime pie.
As a bonus, the head chef was out and about and I asked to see the kitchen.  He showed me, and it consists of two $30,000 machines which do the grilling, and a couple of flash ovens.  Even the chef "apologized" for not being too much to look at, but as I said it still makes awesome, kick ass food.
With drinks, desserts, taxes, tips, our meal for the four of us (with plenty of leftovers) came to about $160.If you are not afraid to dig in and get your hands dirty then this place is a GREAT date spot! The atmosphere is trendy and artsy.The bar was so cool! It is a little confusing at first when you order because you have to order at a counter rather than have a waiter/waitress come up to you. However, everyone was really friendly and helped us out. The ribs are a MUST, they were so beyond good I am still craving them. The brisket was also good but I love my ribs. It was my first time at a bbq spot & it will definetly not be my last. Definetly recommend fette sau, if your into trying new things or looking for a different kind of date night.
Follow @tastytableswitht on instagram for great restaurant dishes!I loved the space, the concept, the communal tables, the outdoor heat lamps but the food left something to be desired. 
I did not like any of the three BBQ sauce options. I really actually hated one of them. And that's hard to do to a sauce lover like myself. The meats also were a 3/5 for BBQ standards. The ribs were no good and I heard the same about the brisket. The chicken, sausage and pulled pork were all fine. The pulled pork was really enhanced by the vinegar sauce.
I think that I might like it more as drunk food so perhaps I'll put this on the end-of-the-night list in the future. In fact, that's the reason why I didn't give it a 2.  Maybe they should consider staying open past 12 on Fridays and Saturdays.Looking forward to checking out some fishtown beer garden, and Fette Sau left us very disappointed. The meat was extremely overpriced for what it was, and the ribs still had a very thick silver skin on the bottom. Usually this breaks down while cooking, but instead became tough. The ribs were over cooked and tough, so would not recommend at $6 a pop. 
The sides were nothing to write home about. While the Mac and cheese was just like your grandmothers recipe, the "spicy slaw" should have been labeled "spicy pickled slaw". The taste was extremely over powering and didn't compliment the meat. 
Drinks took forever to order and then we were left with the most hipster of hipster mason jar pint glasses. 
The outdoor ambiance was really nice however, with string lights and picnic tables. I would recommend Frankford hall which is around the corner instead though!Their meat is soooo good. But I'm not sure it justified my FOURTY-FIVE minutr wait in line. I can eat faster at a sit down restaurant  and the line was not out the door. I seriously don't get how it took that long.Ok, I would love to give this place a solid 5 stars, because the ribs just blew me away with their fantastic-ness (and I'm from NC, aka BBQ south). But the prices are ridiculously expensive ($5.50 per a single rib - make no mistake, not a rack. Aka $11 for two pieces of rib). Yep, you read that correctly.
Maybe they have on/off days based on the mixed reviews, but my order (via delivery) tasted incredible:
+ St. Louis ribs - the ribs in particular were just divine - rich in flavor, tender and not dry at all, perfectly crisped/charred outer skin, big bones & helping of meat on each rib. The smoked taste came through prominently but didn't overwhelm the delicious rib meat. On top of that, you can see the quality and artistry that went into butchering/prepping.
+ Burnt end baked beans - super flavorful, rich/caramelized flavor with a little bit of meat. Also A+
+ Bourbon pecan pie ($4) - good old-fashioned pecan pie. Can't really go wrong.
...the caveat is the PRICE, as mentioned. Ribs come w/ some equally amazing sauce and  decent rolls, but when I received my delivery I thought they had made a mistake when I unwrapped 2 paltry ribs for $11. Nope. Likewise for the other meats here I imagine. And it's especially astonishing, given how cheap and plentiful good BBQ is outside the state, granted maybe not as tasty by a margin. 
So as much as the food here amazed me, I can't really give it 5/5. I used a coupon via the new delivery service (UberEats, use eats-dianax for $10 off) so my meal ended up being ~$11, but as much as I'd like to have a taste of those ribs/beans again, my wallet would hate me.I rarely give 5 star but this place deserves it. The manager looking girl (brown hair, cute face) walks around asking everyone how their meal is, and checks if everything is great. The guy there also recognizes us and says "to go?" cause he knows we like to bring it home! they are very real people, real service, food is.... FABULOUS! go for happy hour, totally worth it- and their beer selection is great too! we probably go here once a week, we're totally having a heart attack by the age of 30 lol totally worth it!!!Bar review - Expensive, yes (potentially very), but a fantastic selection of whiskeys.  If you're just aiming to chill with a drink in hand for a short time, this can be a great stop.  I've hit up about 20 of their whiskeys so far, and while they get pricey, if you're willing to go splurge for a flight or two with a friend, you'll receive good service and a great liquor.
Most of my trips have been during off-times (i.e. not Fri/Sat 6-10pm), and I've found the bar staff to be HIGHLY knowledgeable about the various whiskeys, bourbons, and ryes, and have had a very good time naming a price and letting them decide which palate route I should go.  I only ever liked myself some Jameson or Jim Beam, but about 3 months of these guys and I'm a right snob!
Also, bears mentioning: GIANT ICE CUBES.  Like, big as your fist.  It's neither here nor there, but you'll see them and  be like "oh yea, I get what that guy was saying now".Pretty good BBQ and good selection of beer and whisky. Very rustic environment with good music. Not crazy about the cafeteria style trays. Price was pretty high, I guess because it is a trendy restaurant. I would give it another try to see if I liked it.Because the 192nd review of a place is really going to change your mind. I enjoyed it immensely and visited on a Sunday afternoon around 5pm, when it was not very crowded.  We enjoyed our visit and our food.The BBQ here is great - and dont be fooled by the menu, its not too expensive. I was just there and we feed three adults and a teenager for just under $100. And that included drinks for the adults.
When we went to the counter and the server was super nice and offered to give us a little bit of everything - he was spot on. We cleaned up every morsel and left stuffed.
I really loved the brisket and the ribs. My son was making pulled pork sammies with the spicy coleslaw. The chicken legs were good to. We had some potato salad and it was a vinegar based - I liked it a lot but no one else was digging it.
I was worried about the format since you have to order then find a table but we were in and out - and happy - in perfect time. No waiting for ever for some server to come by which was a nice change of pace.
Cant wait to go back.Legitimate Texas style BBQ and cheaper than a trip to Lockhart (but just barely).
I could be picky in a more detailed comparison but I won't because I'm happy to have a place that reminds me of Smitty's, only 45 minutes away from my home. I do have to take off 1 star for the slaw with the odd mix of mayo and sesame oil (am I tasting it right?), and the lack of raw onion and pickled jalapenos - which as every texas bbq lover knows, are required accompaniments.Order by the pound and chow down. This place is quite lovely if you are a meat enthusiast like myself. Has a real down home back yard bbq feel without the grass and dogs trying to eat the food on your plate. Not to mention Uncle Hank who later got put in jail for things we don't like to talk about that happened with one of the local neighborhood sheep. 
If you're in Philly you really do need to check this place out especially if you like BBQ, or even grape soda for that matter, yeah, they have grape soda, and it's seriously delicious. 
The meat on the ribs slid right of the bone, it was as soft and supple as a girl's bosom pre moving to LA and getting plastic surgery. The beans had little chunks of animal flesh in them as well, now that's some good beans. 
If I'm ever in Philly again you can bet your corn cob wooden leg I'll be going back to this place.This place is AMAZING. I wouldn't come here if you're a vegetarian, seeing as they primarily serve meat, but if you're a meat lover you're in luck. You order the meat you want by weight and carry it to a own wooden bench/long table. The people behind the counter know a lot about what they were doing and were able to answer any question I had. My friends and I had never been, so we got a little of everything, and it was all divine. I'd have to say my favorite was either the pulled pork sandwich or the short ribs. 
The sides are all pretty awesome too. Although the coleslaw and baked beans were especially good.My friend and I both ate here and got the ribs and Mac n cheese. Both of us were so sick after eating here, definitely will not be back. The high price we paid for our meal was not worth it. We were both excited to try this place too because it looks very cool and has a great atmosphere, too bad!My family and I went to Fette Sau last eveing and had a delicious meal!  
Chicken was moist and the skin was cooked just right.  The dry rub on the ribs was tasty without being overpowering - meat was moist and flavorful .  The beans w/burnt ends was yummy. 
I thought the staff were patient (our first time) and informative about how to order. 
Overall, we had a great time sitting outside on a warm summer night, eating a delicious meal.This place is awesome! Out with my buddies on Sunday funday and stopped here to grab grub. This is the first time I was here so I didn't know what to expect. There is an assortment of meats to choose from among many sides and a decent bar. I ordered the pork belly sandwich and baked beans with burnt ends. The pork belly sandwich was great but the baked beans were out of this world. The burnt ends make it amazing. I've been craving the beans ever since. The atmosphere is rugged and cool. It works. I highly recommend for good BBQ. I used to live in Florida and this place rivals the best down there.My favorite place in all of Philly! The ambience is fun and it is a great place to have a filling meal and a cold beer. You can't go wrong with anything, but the brisket and potato salad are my favorites!Awesome! Nothing like it.This was my first time here. It has such a relaxed atmosphere. It was busy but easy to hold a conversation without having to shout. The food was great. Best brisket I've had outside of Kansas City...and the chef who carved our portions for us was very helpful in guiding us towards the right portions for the amount of food we wanted to try (as the menu prices are by the pound) Definitely try the brisket, italian sausage and roast chickenI like barbecue...most people do. I wouldn't say it's my favorite cuisine in the world but sometimes you just want to go back to your caveman roots and tear apart some flesh! 
That said, I lived across from Fette Sau for 4 months, literally across the street, and I always thought it was closed as the front courtyard was always empty. But finally, it dawned on me that they do have (a rather huge) interior building as well. So my bf and I stopped him after he raved about his man brunch there with his brother and father the week prior. 
We got the brisket, pulled pork, and some other juicy, meaty joy. We rounded it out with some potato salad (which was BOMB), and cole slaw (also bomb). The meat was good; the spicy sauce and vinegar definitely kicked it up a notch. We also had the bacon brownie, which was good but I wouldn't write home about it. 
So if I'm so not enthused by the food, why 4 stars? Simple--COCKTAILS!! I was not expecting a hidden BBQ joint to have my favorite drinks in Fishtown but it does! We had the Fishtown Ryatt, and whatever the one named after Columbia Ave. First, clever drink names, great homage to Fishtown. Secondly, WOW, perfectly balanced, multi-faceted bourbon cocktails! What an art form! Our bartender was less than happy to be there but gave us some good advice on an upcoming trip to New Orleans. Thirdly, love the rusty butcher knife tap handles and the killer bourbon selection!!
Allllll I can say is that I can't wait til spring and summer, because this will be the perfect place to grab a drink outside at one of their picnic tables!Fette sau means fat pig in German, I am German so we gave it a try before heading to Frankford hall. The BBQ is delicious and same for the drinks specials at happy hour. On sunny day go here and stay in the beer garden.The food is great, especially in Philadelphia where BBQ is not very common. The smokiness can make the meat a bit dry sometimes (and it's dry rub) but still tasty. What really brought the score down though, was the price. It's on the expensive side if you want to be full.This place would get 5 stars, but the cashier overcharged me.  The beef brisket and collard greens stood out for flavor.  The corn muffin had a buttery flavor, and did not need any more.  The spicy slaw was good.Best BBQ joint in philly. Great environment. Great food. Great drinks. You can't go wrong with anything. My recommendation​ is to try a bit of everything.This BBQ restaurant is beautifully designed.  When you approach it appears as if you are entering a tin roof roadside shack with an appealing burning wood and smokey meat smell.  The inside is welcoming and the layout is communal with long tables and self service counter to order.  The whiskey list is plentiful and the beer list was perfect.  The bartender, Jessica, was personable and hospitable, an overall pleasure to be around.  We went with a large party and ordered a lot of meat.  2 lbs of brisket, pulled pork, full rack of ribs, 2 chickens, pork belly, beans, slaw, potato rolls, etc.  The brisket was a bit fatty for some of our tastes, but overall the bbq was excellent and we killed it off.  The ribs and chicken were superb and the sides were very good.  Also, like the location near Frankford Hall, Johnny Brendas and Barcade.  Lots to do after you chow down.Great BBQ, large space, excellent service. A worthy counterpart to the original Brooklyn shop.
Worth the giant line that you may be faced with. If there is no such line, step in and get yourself some delicious meat, then high five your soul for enriching your life with such little effort.Fette Sau is probably my second favorite Happy Hour spot in Fishtown. The $5 Manhattans can't be beat. Also, all of the draft beer is 1/2 price. The food is good, especially the burnt end sandwich. Outside of happy hour though, things get really expensive, really fast. Especially if you are ordering the ribs and brisket by the pound.The meat is underwhelming, especially when price is factored in. The ribs are good. They're pretty tender. The pulled pork is outrageously priced, and not as good as many road side stands that are less than half the price. Chicken is dry and very small. The sides are horrible.
There is one saving grace for this place and that is the mushrooms. They are amazing. Some of the best mushrooms I've ever had. 
Other than that, it's typical Stephen Starr. Overpriced, mediocre food. Great ambiance.Apparently, my husband is on a quest to try every barbecue spot east of the Mississippi. Fette Sau did not disappoint. We went on a busy Saturday evening and there was a line out the door. I like the cafeteria style casualness of the place but the food is anything but. Everything is a la carte, so my husband and I got a sampling of ribs, brisket, baked beans, and potato salad. All of the meat was moist and flavorful and the barbecue sauce was nice and tangy. The beans were especially tasty and the potato salad was also good. It's open seating at picnic tables, but the manager was very attentive and pointed out a table that was about to open up. I'll definitely have to make a repeat trip to Fette Sau when I need my bbq fix.Over-rated,  over-hyped and worst of way over priced! 
The food is good,  but not great. 
The atmosphere is "yard-sale-hipster-chic" 
For the amount it costs to eat and drink here I shouldn't have to serve myself and sit on crappy used furniture!This is my favorite BBQ in the neighborhood. Is good to go by yourself, also for a casual date. Food is very tasty. Love the pork and sweet potatoes. I love their BBQ sauce. I cannot say the same about their spicy one.The food, service  and ambiance was superb!  
It reminded me of back home in Brooklyn at Homestyle in Red Bank.Solid experience. We hadn't been, but they were happy to explain. It works like a deli, you order a la carte by weight. Non-alcoholic drinks at the counter, the rest at the bar. 
Since it was our first time there, we decided to sample and grab 1/4 lb portions each of short rib, St. Louis spare rib, brisket, burnt end baked beans, and mushrooms. It was happy hour so we also did the pulled pork "sandwich" (pulled pork with hot slaw) and chicken legs for the happy hour price. 
The best, by far, were the short ribs. Melted off the bone and in your mouth. Pulled pork and brisket were tied for second. I didn't love the St. Louis, but I don't tend to in general. As for the sides, I would have preferred a tad bit more sweet to balance out the burnt taste. I love burnt ends, but I got nothing but burnt in those beans. Still good, but not great. Mushrooms were a bit dry, but they were also ok.
The beer selection was made up of local options, which I always appreciate. $5 happy hour Manhattan was well mixed.
Definitely pricy, but a great happy hour option! The deals ease the wallet and you can enjoy some samplings over that discounted Manhattan or draught.Great atmosphere and cool set-up but terribly overwhelming and difficult for a first timer to navigate what to order and how much. I'm a Kansas Citian and so barbecue is something I grew up eating a lot but even I was taken aback by the way the menu was laid out.
Also, this place prices its cuts of meat like they're selling the last barbecue on earth. Eating for one? Bring $30. Eating for two? Order just over what you feel like 1 person would order. You can always add on more if you have the money.
I also stood in line for about 15 minutes, waiting to be served when no one was in front of me. Not really sure what the hold up was but all-in-all, an odd place. I enjoyed the Mac-N-Cheese and brisket but it'll be hard to get me back on a student budget.Overpriced flavorless meats with subpar sauces. The sides are all lacking, with the rolls being the only enjoyable non-dessert item. I do not drink so I cannot review the bar. The interior is definitely for the hipster/yuppie gentrifier attempting to feel like the blue collar folks of America by eating BBQ. Unsurprising for the neighborhood (there is another location in Brooklyn, apparently), not worth a trip.Texas in Philly!  Food doesn't quite compare but great place to hang and excellent beers!I love the feel of Fette Sau - the assortment of seating options are comfortable and fun.  They usually have some decent beers on tap, and the cocktail I tried was tasty.  Additionally, when we asked the bartender to recommend a good whisky for the value, I was impressed that he selected one that was not only quite good, but inexpensive at $6.50/pour.  In the interest of business, I would have expected him to push a more pricey option, so I was very appreciative.  Yes, the food is a bit pricey, but the quality is there.  The ribs are perfectly smokey, the brisket is perfectly tender, and the sausage is perfectly spicy.Wow!!! Percy St was closed so we found brisket here and OMG it's great! Dare I say better than Percy St?? We had cornbread, zucchini and pot salad as sides and the pot salad was the best. Drinks are great!If you are the type of BBQ person that loves the carbs / sides, this is not the place for you. (and yes, this includes myself as I LOVE mac&cheese).
However - the meats here are amazing!! My fav was the brisket and ribs. The baked beans were also super good. 
I also think they do a good job of handling the seating, esp when it's packed and the line is out the door. Great complement to Frankford Hall next door!Best BBQ in Philly. I grew up in the south and was slightly apprehensive about BBQ north of the mason Dixon. I was pleasantly surprised with this place. 
The meat cuts were amazing and melted in my mouth. Baked beans are out of this world and the sauce was perfect. We walked in a half hour before close on Sunday and the staff was super nice. I also received better food than I expected to get at a half hour to close. 
Highly recommended. I will be back!!!!First the food is great ! They also have one of the best brown liquor bars in the city. Bourbons galore! The salads are all solid. The ribs,especially the beef on the bone are off the hook and so is the coffee rubbed brisket. The burnt end beans are killer., but it's a cafeteria. Really? And the cost. For one rib , small amount of brisket and some pulled pork and a few sides it was $60. Really good very casual and expensive.The meat is ok but expensive.  The sides are not worth it.  I have heard good things about this place before I went but was disappointed.  The place is cool inside but really that is it.   Try Bubba's Texas BBQ on Gerrard instead, it's much better.Opening night. Ordered 1/4 of Pork Belly - Very tender, spot on smoked pork flavor, a  sausage link- smokey and perfectly seasoned, 1/4 rack of St. Louis style ribs, great flavor but a little dry but not bad. Sad to say they ran out of the brisket. Beer selection is very good, locals and other craft brewerys on draught. And a nice bottled selection. I ordered a Buillet Rye Old Fashioned, but the bar did not have any fruit (orange, cherries or bitters), that was a disappointment. The lovely bartender did recommend a cocktail called the Fishtown ....*something* I forget the whole name, but it was a good substitute. I'd give the place a 4 or even a 5 out of 5 star rating, but I was disappointed in the the dry rack of ribs that I ordered, running out of the brisket so early on in the evening and not having the apppropiate "basic" bar cocktail ingredients(fruit/bitters etc...).
The atmosphere was really cool, inside seating, booths, an some tables around the bar area, and a seperate dining area. Plenty of outdoor seating, Philly, unlike the Brooklyn spot, was not cramped at all. We sat outside under the heat lamps. Perfect chilly fall evening for good BBQ, beer and booze!
It was Fette Sau's official public openining so I'll let them pass for now! Service was very good and friendly, a little slow at the counter, but again they just opened. I think once they get the kinks out, they will be a real hit. Will definely be back!
NOTE: 
I checked out Bubba's Texas BBQ on their soft opening last weekend, the brisket was excellent- tender juicy smoked perfection, ribs were nicely smoked and moist and tender but not as flavorful as Fette Sau's rack...also, the Bubba's bartender Evan, had all the ingredients to make my Old Fashioned. Bubba's also has a nice selection of locals on draught and bottled beers. BT BBQ might be a smaller, local neigborhood BBQ joint, but they were very successful in providing really good BBQ and cocktails.Absolutely fantastic barbecue. Maybe best ribs in the city. Wildly overpriced but that can be expected from a Stephen Starr restaurant.Awesome BBQ joint for smoked ribs and pulled pork. Funny tap handles!We went to Fette Sau  for dinner this weekend for my boyfriend's birthday.  We had a great time and loved it!  The meats were so delicious and I'm usually disappointed in baked beans at BBQ joints...but these didn't disappoint and were so filling!  The pork ribs and pork belly were amazing, but this place is pricey so be prepared.  
We loved the atmosphere, I had one of the cocktails at the bar and it was really tasty!  Everyone was really nice and I have absolutely no complaints.  I'll definitely be back.The beef brisket and pork belly were both phenomenal- super tender and juicy. But the spicy sausage was less impressive- too dry. 
Great place to eat in the summer or any time with nice weather since the restaurant opens up to the outside. And great decor and atmosphere (on a Sunday afternoon).Love this place and the sous chef is amazing!_best bbq around ! and the pecan pie is amazing!! Love the atmosphere and its honestly one of my favorite places to go out to.Great food. Even better whiskey selection. Easily one of the best in the city. Bar tenders and absolutely phenomenal, great to talk to about the bourbons and whiskeys. My only reasoning for not giving Fette Sau a five star rating was the prices are some what high. Walking in there thinking that you're going to a regular old barbecue joint then racking up $100 tab before you even hit the bar was some what of a shock. All things considered, the experience was good and I'd gladly go again.Great for a meat lover (and beer)! We went in November so outside seats weren't exactly optimal but it seems fun in the summer. 
We had a lb of ribs and half a chicken - the chicken was super moist!! We weren't too crazy about the spicy coleslaw but Mac and cheese is so yummy!I eat out almost every meal and think I'm a very good critic when it comes to good tasting food. I was not impressed with the food at Fette Sau. The sauces are just average, it's pricey and the sides are probably the worst I've ever had. We went with a group and everyone in our group had the same feeling about the quality of food. There are other places in Philly that serve barbecue for a more economical price and much tastier.A classic Starr Restauraunt. This place makes you forget your in Philly and transports you to small town in the south where your invited to a small BBQ in someone's barn. Food is cafeteria style with beer in mason jars. It's pricey and probably better to bring a crowd with you. BBQ is delicious bur the atmosphere is truly worth the visit. Ribs and baked beans were awesome.One of the best places for BBQ in the city.  Note - if you like saucy BBQ, then you'll probably be disappointed.  The meat here is a simple dry rub and smoked.  
The brisket was nice, juicy, and tender.  I thought the chicken was probably one of the better choices on the menu. Ribs were good.  I liked the Mac and cheese, but didn't like the potato salad.
Nice communal tables and assortment of sauces.  It can get busy here and can do some damage to your wallet!Updating this to three stars because they have good happy hour deals. Though it is painfully slow to get through the line.Fun with lots of friends
Superior B B Q 
Found at Khyber PassI had dinner here for the first time with a large group of adults and overall had a good time. Great decor, delicious food, awesome vibe.  We ordered a little of everything and it was all great, but the brisket and mushrooms were standouts. The night, however, was marred by an unfortunate experience at the bar. There was a steady stream of customers at the bar but it was not crowded nor busy.  So after waiting several minutes I started to wonder why it was so difficult to get the bartender's attention. I realized that she was taking orders from people that arrived after me--I counted 5 parties in total but there were likely more before I took notice. I was sitting at the bar, not standing at the back of a crowd.  I'm not sure what the issue is and am not making assumptions why a young Asian female would be ignored.  All I can say was the service was poor, the bartender's attitude rather sour, and the drinks were fine.
In all fairness to the establishment, this experience stood in stark contrast to everything else but noteworthy enough to lower the rating to 3 stars.The duck and pickles alone make this a five star establishment... While service was a little slow, the food was well worth the wait. The indoor outdoor vibe was nice and the bartender made a mean cocktail. All in all, wonderful.Holy shit! This places rules!! 
I really like the set up and style of the place! They have a fancy southern cafeteria thing going on! Food wasn't too pricey and really good! 
My only complaint is that there normally is a decent wait.. But it's worth it! But at least you can get drinks while you wait in the food line.i loved the food i got here!! the space is really cool, i honestly felt like i was in the south. and not to mention you drink out of mason jars- you cant get much better than that. i think for the quality of food the price  was totally worth it.Don't ever go on the weekend cause you will be standing in line for 1 1/2 hours. The food is delicious though. The flank steak is awesome. The brisket is moist though a little too fatty. Chicken was tender! The spicy sauce is good too! The broccoli salad is a must as are the beans! The bartenders at the bar can be great or they can be really slow. Overall, I like the place, in terms of the food and decor, but the service is lackluster and as is the whole set up.
Happy hour is good too! Get the ribs if possible!Looks are fabulous and great whiskey selection. That's the upside. The food: lack of sides and available side are not very good . Beans lack flavor, kraut lacks flavor, no Mac and cheese, cornbread, collards, fries. Etc, PRICE is not worth it. Very expensive. Pulled pork is decent, ribs are tough and horrible, brisket is so so, but middle is very dry, and end is very fatty. 
Overall worthing skipping for the money. It the world of bbq it is not the worst, but far from the best.Brisket and ribs were good, the pork belly was my favorite.  The design is similar to the Brooklyn restaurant with some original touches and probably the only place in Philly where you can have a drink on a front porch.  Staff was friendly and the bar had one of the best whiskey/bourbon offerings I've seen in Philly.Within 2 days of posting my review, a rep from the restaurant called to apologize for my experience at the bar and gather information so as to avoid this happening in the future. I appreciated that demonstration of great customer service!I used to frequent the Brooklyn location a lot in my younger years, so I was very excited when I found out that there was one in Philly.
Although the meats are good, the sides are what makes the meal. You can't go wrong with the potato salad, pickles, baked beans, or Mac n cheese. 
Fifth star for the kid-friendliness!I've been here a couple of times and can't help but think that for the price, the BBQ could be much better. The meats are served cafeteria-style, but they are not cheap, with most options in the $18-22/lb range. That would be OK if the meats didn't also taste a bit cafeteria-style. The pork belly was actually OK, but the beef brisket, pulled pork, and ribs were super dry. I felt so thirsty after eating them, as one might feel after eating plywood. 
Our side of mac n' cheese was OK in flavor, but it was also dry and not very warm when we got it. I felt like all of the food had been sitting in the window for a while. They did not have corn bread or collard greens, which I usually get when I get BBQ. 
On top of all that, it did not help that the line moved at a snail's pace. It's understandable that a place like this would be packed on a Saturday night, but there has to be a more efficient way to deal with the crowds so that people don't have to wait over an hour in line (we got there at 7:30pm and were still in line past 8:30pm). While the staff was very pleasant and professional, I probably won't return (unless I am dragged here somehow) due to the operational issues mentioned above.I love Happy Hour at Fette Sau!  Great deals to be had: $5 Old Fashioned's and Manhattans and delicious food to boot.  I like tempering the drinking with their Happy Hour chicken drumstick special (2 drumsticks and a side of coleslaw).
The food here is on the pricey side, but well worth your money.  The sides are delicious and good for sharing with friends.  I always bring out-of-town friends here for a spot since it's good and an experience worth sharing.  My go-to since Frankford Hall gets so busy.Ok at best. Line is hideously long. Service is patchy. Food is ok. Good lively atmosphere.... Other than that I can't think of many positives to say unfortunately.Love everything about this place: the concept, the atmosphere, the meat counter, the outside area with heat lamps. I could go on and on. For anyone looking for your typical barbeque joints with a platter of smoked meats slathered in sauce and a few high fat high carb sides, this is not your place. What you have here folks is high quality meats smoked flavorfully and moistely. You can order by the slice (slices) or in pound increments as many different choices as you like. Sides are optional and extra. My favorites were the smoked hot italian sausage, smoked pork belly and the flank steak is primo. Nothing I ever expected to see on a menu in a Q place but it was stellar. The brisket is amazing and I don't even like brisket. I recommend the burnt ends baked beans and a Dry Rub Amber. Nothing but quality here and we can't wait to go back.
A special thanks to Stephanie!I really, really enjoyed spending a breezy spring Saturday drinking and dining at Fette Sau. I had been wanting to try this place basically since it opened, and I was not disappointed. We tried a half a pound of each of the beef brisket, the pulled pork, the St. Louis Ribs, the pork belly, and the beef ribs. All of the meets had a great char and were uncomplicated in terms of their preparation - the meat was allowed to shine all on its own. I enjoyed being able to try the different sauce combinations on the table as well. For sides we tried the broccoli salad (underwhelming, but you've gotta get some greens into yourself after all that meat...), the german potato salad (soooooo good) and the half sour pickles. The tap beer selection was great, and the cocktail selection looked interesting as well. We got there before the big dinner rush and were able to stake out a place to hang for a few hours. I can imagine that this would be a fun place to come with a big party of friends and take over on of their communal tables for an evening.I was really excited to give Fette Sau a shot after hearing solid reviews from many friends.  I tried to go several months ago, but was looking at a 30+ minute wait and left.  This time there was no wait at all.  The atmosphere is great.  One counter for food, one counter for drinks, and a large picnic style area for eating.  The food was pretty good.  Not the best bbq I've ever had, but certainly rivaling Deke's in Manayunk as my #1 in the area.  I went with a bunch of people so was able to try pulled pork, chicken, ribs and a couple of sides.  The pulled pork was good, but a bit dry.  Same can be said for the ribs.  The chicken was excellent.  One major flaw was the sauces, which were pretty crappy.  They lacked a real good, sweet bbq sauce.  Their sweet sauce just tasted like ketchup.  The beer list was quite good.  I had a DuClaw blueberry that I did not know existed.  While the food falls short of 5 stars, what is keeping Fette Sau from 4 stars is the insane price.  Half a chicken was $12.  If I'm not mistaken, a whole chicken at Dekes is something like $9.  The sides were also small.  I understand it is Steven Starr, newish, and in a hip neighborhood, but one great thing about BBQ is it's supposed to be great bang for the buck.  With so many other great options in the area, including Johnny Brendas right across the street, I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to come here again.with summer around the corner. if you have plans to visit Philly then do yourself a favor and visit this great spot. true BBQ that won't let you down the way everyone likes it. you stand in line ... see what you're getting .. order by weight ... it's not a big deal if you over ordered cuz everyone else does but no matter what you still gonna find room for that delicious meat. beef brisket and spare ribs are my favorite ... best BBQ restaurant in East Coast hands down.A very cool, chill laid back environment, very nice staff and the dry rub smoked meats are just addicting (all of them) I'll definitely be back :)An unparalleled vibe and ambiance make coming here a real treat. They have an incredible bar with amazing choices. The BBQ is delicious- I went to a place in St. Louis that these guys seem to be inspired by, and the quality of food at Fette Sau was way better. These guys just know good food. 
Two complaints. It's expensive and they don't have the best item on the menu, the Mac and cheese, at all times. What gives! To the point where if we go and it's not on the board, we leave. 
To avoid the expensive issue, they have good happy hour deals with chicken legs and what not that make it worth your while.Meat lovers in paradise.
Dry rub bbq haven, that changes their offerings daily.  Some hit it out of the park, some fall flat.  The ribs (both pork and beef) and the brisket never seem to disappoint, but the pulled pork and chicken are often dry.  Meh.
It's expensive eats - charging from anywhere $19 - $22 a pound of meat - after you add in sides, and a drink or two, you're definitely at least $40 - $50 bucks in for two people.
The sides are what disappoint the most - the only decent options are the corn, mac and cheese (both seasonal), and the burnt end beans - skip the brocoli, potato salad and the rest, as they are all served cold and seriously under seasoned.  Most of the deserts can be cloyingly sweet.  The sweet and hot BBQ sauces are really good though, so if you're into saucy BBQ, make sure to give them a try.
The space, especially the outside is spacious and festive, and there's nary a wait to order or to snag a table.  Ideal for groups.Great hole in the wall for some Texas style BBQ in Philly. Grab some beers or whiskey at bar to wash it all down. Or go for liquid dessert at Frankford Hall next door. Can't go wrong. Great foodFun place but bad bbq. Meats were dry and the sauces did not help. The "sweet" sauce tasted like ketchup and the "spicy" sauce was off-putting to me. I liked the atmosphere and would come back for beers to hang out. Pass on the food.Mmmm tasty BBQ for happy hour w/ good company, drink deals, and ambiance = perfect evening! We sampled a variety of the happy hour specials including the chicken and burnt end sandwich of which the chicken was juicy and addicting. BBQ sauces were OK and not as complementary in flavor or spiciness as can be but still nice to have. The side of buttery corn on the cob and pickled broccoli was crazy delicious. The service was incredibly warm and friendly from food, bartender, to cleaning our tables. Can't wait to take the meat-loving bf here for a BBQ dinner and during HH! :) There's nice indoor AC'd seating vs outdoor seating which got a bit warm for me after a drink but hoping to enjoy as much outdoorsy stuff as I can with this fickle East Coast weather business!The food was amazing, the ambience awesome. Visit this place with family and had a
Satisfying meal.  Too bad I live in Hawaii, I would frequent this place!I know it sounds strange, but I'm not a fan of bbq. Coming here totally changed me for life. I had the ribs brisket and pulled pork, and for sides I had the broccoli, mashed sweet potatoes and baked beans. I'm probably going to just move in. It was an awesome place to go for food with a date.Not my favorite BBQ spot but definitely worth a try. Recommend the brisket and a side of the potatoes. Overall, a no frills kind of place as far as food. I guess the pay off for prices is the decor and vibe of the place which is pretty coolThis place was decent. The meat wasn't as tender as I though it would be. May have been an off night. Either that, my taste buds have grown accustomed to actual southern brisket! Definitely like the various choices in meats. The BBQ sauces were okay. They have a decent selection of craft beers and the wait staff provided excellent service.Stephen Starr has always been a name I trusted for fine dining. Morimoto, Buddakan, Pod, Alma de Cuba, and... you get the idea. Occasionally, there will be a misstep on their menus. Pod and their Crab Pad Thai with the missing crab meat and the stupid waiter who tried to convince me that the crab was really in it. Route 6 and their barbecue shrimp that was too dry. Unfortunately, I will have to say that there was more bad than good in what my friend Chris and I ordered at Fette Sau, Starr's dry rub barbecue restaurant located in the rather unscenic, up-and-coming Fishtown area. The Duroc St. Louis Pork Ribs were dry. "It tastes like pork jerky," my friend Chris commented. The Black Angus Beef Brisket looked juicy when the server sliced it, but was also dry, no doubt due to overcooking. Thankfully, the Black Angus Bone-In Short Ribs were moist, tender, and juicy. It was the one saving grace in our meal. The Roasted Mushrooms were good, but Danté's German Potato Salad was not. We ended up drowning our dry meat in the sweet and spicy barbecue sauces to make them edible. Overall, a very disappointing meal given our expectations of Starr restaurants. It's a shame because I really wanted to like this place.I have been to Fette Sau several times. Keep in mind, it's about an hour dive for me to get there. I've had pretty much everything from the ribs, to sausage, to the bourbon pecan pie. I've also had a few of their drinks. My usual staples at BBQ joints are ribs and pulled pork. Both of these items at FS are really goof. I have ordered both o several occasions. One evening with a friend, however, I had an epiphany. Until that evening, I had never ordered the chicken. To be frank, the chicken always looked scrawny and dried out. Anyway, one day, I decided to order several of the meats to share with a friend. We ordered ribs, brisket, sausage, and chicken. We sat down to eat and she was impressed by the quality of of the Q. At some point we both tried the chicken and looked up at each other, It wasn't dried out at all. In fact, it was one of the moistest chickens I've ever tasted!
We both became fans in that moment. I should tell you that this friend's visit of was a long time coming. I had mentioned Fette Sau to her on several occasions. However, she thought it sounded too pricey. She is now sold on the chicken! FS remains one of the my go to BBQ joints in the NJ/ PA metro area. I really wish there was a good BBQ place near me, but I've yet to find it.This place is authentic to Texas BBQ. We tasted the brisket, beef rib, sausage, chicken, beans, and Mac and cheese. 
The brisket was fatty and had a nice dark outer layer. The seasoning was different but good. 
The beef rib was amazing. Very fatty and moist. So yummy. 
Sausage tasted like Italian sausage; different than anything I've ever had at a BBQ joint but I liked it. 
The chicken I was not a fan of; it was dry and I didn't like the dry rub. 
Beans were amazing! Huge chunks of brisket inside; may be the best Beans I have had. 
The mac and cheese was disappointing. It was dry. I wish it was spicy and cheesier. 
The cocktails were really good and great selection of beers. 
Great atmosphere. I'll go back while in Philly.I have an update.  After my previous review, one of the managers contacted me and invited me back as his guest.  I'm always willing to give a place another try, and I have to say that I was not nearly as disappointed this next time around.  The pulled pork and brisket were far better this time around.  In addition, we had both types of ribs.  They were decent, but the beef rib was primarily bone.  As it was priced by weight, we paid something like $17 for what amounted to a few ounces of meat.  The sides were also somewhat better this time around.
So, +1 star for the customer service, +1 star for the improved food, but -1 for inconsistency.  If I go back, am I going to get Dr. Jekyll or Mr. Hyde?  Sorry, at these prices, I simply cannot afford to risk it.Sigh... I had such high expectations! Unfortunately, I don't think I will return to Fette Sau. 
When we entered the courtyard (is that what it's called?) it wasn't clear to us which door to take. There was no sign. We ended up entering through the wrong door. Take the left door and you'll end up in the line for food. 
We ordered the brisket, pork belly, beef spareribs, the potato salad and the baked beans. We asked the guy to make a meal for 2 out of it. It ended up being 4 slices of brisket, 4 slices of pork belly and 1 good-sized rib. The brisket was meh. Although cooked well, it was too fatty for my taste which says a lot cause I like fat. No fat, no flavor! It also lacked the smokey taste. The same goes for the pork belly. The rib was quite tasty actually and the meat came off the bone. I didn't like the potato salad and the baked beans. M said they were the best baked beans he ever had though! 
It's a cool place to hang around for drinks and I like the industrial look. Staff was friendly. Parking is a hassle. Overall, not impressed at all but ok place to hang out. I prefer Percy Street Bbq on South Street.Great cocktails and food. Best happy hour specials around ($5 manhattans and old fashioneds). 
The only downside, which I really hope they read this - the porch is the best place to sit and talk with friends. PLEASE re-mount speakers at the front of the porch. It is so loud with the music bouncing off the corrugated metal awning. 
If The speakers move - you'll get more week happy hour people. I promise you.
Plus, I'll change to 5A year ago, my daughter who lives in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, took me to Fette Sau because she knew that I loved Barbecue.  I thought it was a brilliant concept with maybe as good a barbecue product as I have had in any other restaurant in the States.  The bare bones atmosphere and self-service from a display case with various cooked meats, sold by weight, was quick and efficient, and let the customer see his food before ordering it.  So, when I heard that Stephen Starr was opening one in Philadelphia, I could not wait to try it.
I went with a friend on Thursday, the second night it was open, half expecting to experience the new opening jitters and mistakes.........but there were none.  Starr knew perfection when he saw it, and he recreated the Williamsburg layout almost exactly.  Funky and stylish at the same time, with lots of common seating, paper towels and 4 spicy sauces on the tables.  And most happily, the food was just as good in Philadelphia as it was in Williamsburg.
The Brooklyn owners were on site to oversee the opening and to fine tune the operation, but they seemingly had it all under control when the doors opened.  The staff is friendly and well trained and the general environment was somewhere between an inner city low rent restaurant and a country smoke house destination.
The smoked meats, done on a Southern Pride smoker are all perfect.  The pork ribs, beef ribs, brisket and links were cooked perfectly.  What I like is that there is only a minimal smoke flavor, so that the overwhelming smokiness does not overpower the meats, as so many barbecue places do.  I like all of the sauces, but they have a vinegar and pepper sauce that I think is unique and simple and really brings out the flavors of the meat.
The food is not cheap.  You can easily spend up to $40 or $50 a person because over-ordering is pretty easy, especially when you add the great beans and potato salad.  But the take-home leftovers are more than welcome the next morning.
And I should mention the great bar, with 8 or so fine beers on tap and shelves of top flight bourbons and ryes.  No margaritas or gimlets available here.  For $18 I had a flight of ryes which were eye opening.  A dark liquor aficionado could spend a happy day at this bar with lovely and accommodating bartenderesses.
I make Fette Sau to be the best barbecue in Philadelphia, although there are a couple other new arrivals that I have not yet checked out yet.LOOOOVED this place.  Great BBQ, great atmosphere, great location.  What else is there?  Might be the best place for BBQ in the city.  It's also a really fun set-up - you order your food at the counter and then grab a table from the rows to choose from.  Inside, it's a down-home, Southern-y, country vibe with an edge.  Lots of  great outdoor space as well.  I'd highly recommend to Philadelphians or out-of-towners alike.Only waited 5 minutes in line on a Friday night around 8. Nice. The nice guy behind the counter recommended the brisket, pork belly, and broccoli salad so of course I said yes. The pork belly was almost black on the outside and the second he cut into the slab juice exploded out and I knew that I was in for a treat. Both meats were incredible and the cool, citrus-y broccoli salad complemented perfectly. 
They sell Blenheim ginger ale here! This is a MUST drink; best ginger ale you will ever have, really. Expect an amazing kick to your nose.
With Frankford Hall right next door, Philly has one of the greatest neighboring pairs in the States.Cafeteria style meat and bbq. Great for large groups and some place to think of when you're looking for fill your belly pre/post Frankford Hall.  Not sure I'd make the trip across the  city unless you're in the area already. Go with a group and order a variety of items to try. 
There are other BBQ places in the city I'd suggest before checking this place out.Im sorry for rating this low, but my bf had spent $60 for the two of us and it wasnt flavorful nor did it had a BBQ smoky flavor, the price is insane as well. i can only say that the place layout is lovely.I've been to Fette Sau a few times when I've traveled to Philly and it's very good, the meat could be a bit warmer I think but the mac and cheese is delicious, I could eat it every day. I think going earlier in the day or evening is better because then the meat choices are much better, so that's my only recommendation, other than that though it's a fun place, good drinks.Another really cool concept by Stephan Starr. The decor in this place has a great rustic feel from the outdoor picnic tables to the whiskey bar. My friends and I tried a bit of everything, but my favorites were the brisket and the baked beans. The BBQ sauces on the table were all a great compliment to the meats as well. With a great craft beer list and some of the best BBQ I've had in Philly, I'll definitely be back.Absolutely delicious. My dad is still talking about this place. Amazingly juicy brisket and pork. The potatoes were my favorite. Hands down a place to re-visit! Can't wait to go back. The service was great and decor was fantastic!Definitely a high-end BBQ joint. We stopped in for some take home on a rainy afternoon in December. The place was surprisingly empty so we got a little worried. After eating at home, I 'm totally surprised this place wasn't packed!
Nice large, airy space with a definite rustic feel. I was disappointed we couldn't eat in, will go back soon. The bar was large, had about eight beers on tap (all looked excellent choices for beer lovers) and they had a AMerican Whiskey / Bourbon!!! list of flights for tasting, maybe 8-10 different combinations. That got my attention, it appears they have over 100+ american whiskies/bourbons available.
Now to the good stuff, we had a little of everything from the deli style counter (friendly, knowledgeable service, BTW). We tried:
Duroc pork belly (Outstanding, very rich, flavorful, fatty goodness)
Old spots pork rib eye (Type of pig? that is cut off in chops to order), excellent as well, good bit of fatty flavor and richness
Pulled pork - A definite get again, moist, slow roasted, with nice crispy ends mixed with juicy middles. 
Cole slaw - VInegar based purple slaw, was not my wife';s style, so we did not end up eating this.
German potato salad - Nice, mustardy, vinegar style potato salad
Burnt end baked beans - This vied for the best dish of the day, the slow cooked baked beans with the meaty burnt ends was a tasty meal all to itself
Sauces come on the side, all three we tried were very good, two of the three were vinegar type sauces, very nicely cut the richness of the pork.
I sure hope the day we went was an anomaly, I'd hate to see this place fail, the best BBQ in a two hundred mile radius of Philly (except for maybe the mother ship in Williamsburg)I have to update my review of this place and give it an extra star, since consistently good experiences have kept me coming back. Professional and friendly staff, good food and beer menu. Also, the happy hour is awesome. The heat lamps were a nice touch- great to be cosy and outside at the same time on a winter night. Maybe I do have a personal aversion to when the vintage aesthetic feels "too easy" or starts to feel overdone, but in this case I say, whatever.I could smell Fette Sau a half block away - never dining there before, I crossed my fingers, hoping this was it.  I like the whole concept.  From decor, seating, ordering, etc., it works.  The concept makes visiting the restaurant incredibly easy for large groups - no waiting around for waitstaff to serve you.  If you want something to eat or drink, you can get it whenever you darn well please.  I enjoyed the black angus ribs - they melted in my mouth like butter.  I shared the potato salad (three out of five stars) and beans (four out of five stars) with friends.  Based on one of my friends comments, I should have ordered the corn.  Thirsty, I ordered the whiskey lemonade special (it's dangerous!).   We didn't once feel rushed during the 3.5 hours we spent socializing and chowing down (another plus in a place without table service).  We all watched the downpour from the porch....which made me wish I had a porch...in the city.
I can't wait to return - I have a feeling just about any one I bring here would enjoy it!I went to Fette Sau for a friend's birthday party. It's great for large groups! The food was delicious - fresh, flavorful, and piping hot - and the atmosphere was relaxed and cozy. If you're looking for comfort food, look no further than Fette Sau!I was so looking forward to some good meat tonight and wanted to try something different. Ordered the food through UberEats. When it arrived I was already disappointed by the charcoal look of it. The ribs were on the rawish side and very fatty. No juicy fall off the bone meat. The chicken was super salty and not edible. The side dishes of broccoli salad and German potato salad just tasted vinegary. The food ended up in the trash. Very disappointed and will not order anything from here again. As a customer who supports Famous Dave's ribs right through to Chima Brazilian Steakhouse, I know my meat. Next time my husband and I want ribs delivered on a Sunday night;  we will stick to Famous Dave's, tastier and ironically cheaper.This little place won my heart to philly some time ago. The open floor seating and butcher style ordering of meats is what I love. They always have perfectly cooked and seasoned meats to order, amazing mac and cheese and a rotating selection of beers and ciders. 
They don't sauce their meats. Instead, there is a bottle of sweet bbq sauce and a bottle of spicy bbq sauce on the table. If you're from the Carolina area and you prefer vinegar with your pulled pork, they have that too! Your meats are given to you on a baking tray with parchment paper which is perfect for sharing with a large group. I usually go with a couple friends and either sit outside by the heated lamps of grab one of the many long bench tables they have inside.
My go-to order is the 1/2 pound each of the pulled pork and beef brisket. Mac and cheese and baked beans are a must here. They also always ask if you would like rolls with your order and the answer to that should always be yes. 
Staff here are super friendly and helpful. Since their beers/ciders are always changing I never know what to get. They have your typical big name beers, but a lot of them are craft beers that I've never heard of. I love trying new beers so the bartender is always very helpful in helping me pick a beer for the night. They always give me a small sample to taste before pouring me an entire draft. Love coming here for happy hour when beers are $5!Came here for a drink with some friends before heading over to Frankford Hall.  As a vegetarian, the place was not made for me... which is fine.  The bar, however, was!  I had one of the specialty cocktails which was delish!  Really well made and not over-the-top sweet.  I like that the bar seats are tractor seats which feels very un-lady-like, yet authentic and cool all at once.  The bar tender carded me which was very nice too.  There was a big group of us, and the bar just wasn't big enough to hold us, so we sort of hung out in the area between the bar and the tables since we were only staying for 1 drink.  It was a bit awkward, but it worked.  I'd be back here for a drink again any time.  My friends that i was with went to Frankford Hall to drink, and quick ran back to Fette Sau for dinner because its allegedly that good.We had never been here and had a great time!  The bartender told us we couldn't get a table outside (we were just drinking) because a party of 65 was coming in but saw a table open up with lawn chairs and told us to grab it ( it's seat yourself) which we did.  Good observation on their part!  So we sat there and drank/eventually ate for 5 or 6 hours.  It's low key- kind of like you are at a neighbor's BBQ or something.  It's also self serve which can be a good thing or a bad thing.  The beer line was quick but the food line could be long... I guess you just have to jump in when the line is short to get your food.  All in all, I had a great time and will be back!Bourbon, BBQ, Beans, and a Bacon Brownie. Moving to Philadelphia from Texas had some drawbacks...I missed great but inexpensive Mexican food and BBQ. Well now I just miss the Mexican food. 
Fette Sau would be right at home in the Texas Hill country. Perfect ambiance, great smells emanating from the pit, and a friendly staff. Having a new BBQ pit is a lot like having sex for the 1st time. It's good, kind of awkward getting used to, but definitely gets better with time. The best pits in Texas have been seasoned for over 50 years and you can taste the history in every smoke ring on the brisket...low and slow is the only way (also like sex). Fette Sau is very good but will only get better. The sauces on the table will accommodate any taste from Texas, Memphis, Kansas City and Carolina style BBQ. And the links pay homage to Philly being more of a spicy Italian sort compared to the traditional southern sausage.
Two things go well with BBQ...whiskey and beer. Fette Sau hits the mark on both. A vast whiskey selection (I had a nice Rye straight up), and a decent beer selection. They even have little vials of water with droppers in them to "open up" the whiskey. I felt right at home listening to the great music and getting my hands good and greasy. Well done!This was our first time coming here but we weren't disappointed. You come in and it's almost reminiscint of a high school cafeteria. You order the type of meat according to the weight and choose your sides. We had the brisket, pulled pork, ribs, potato salad, baked beans, and corn bread. Everything was amazing! The cornbread was the only thing I was a little disappointed by. It was cold and didn't have much flavor but everything else was delicious.I'm a native Texan, so my BBQ tastes are unreasonably picky and particular. As such, the 4 stars I give Fette Sau are high praise indeed.
We visited on a Saturday afternoon, and enjoyed a super chill, quiet lunch. I imagine that the experience would be totally different and much rowdier during peak times, such as happy hour (speaking of, they have great happy hour specials!).
Several of the options, like mac/cheese and their smoked chicken, are only available in the afternoon/evening. So just be aware of that if you do go for lunch.
You go through a line, order some meat by the pound, pick your sides, and pay. Then you shuffle over to the bar and pick your poison of choice (they feature whiskey and draft beer).
We chowed down on brisket, hot links, broccoli salad, and baked beans. The food was excellent and strongly reminiscent of our beloved home state. The brisket was not quite on par with what we get in Texas, but it is definitely the closest that we've found here. Read: really freaking good. However, the baked beans and the smoked Italian hot links were the highlights of the meal. The beans are smokey, sweet, and full of tender, delicious "burnt end" meat. So good! 
The broccoli salad is also a great, light, fresh choice. It's super crunchy, with lots of garlic, citrus, and vinegar. Serves as a good counterpoint to all that juicy, unctuous meat.
Overall, we're stoked to finally find some quality 'Q here in the city. Check it out! (and get the beans)Excellent water pressure in the bathroom sinks!*
*Note: women's bathroom only
Seriously though, Fette Sau is really one of my favorite places in Philadelphia. The space is relaxing and charming and the food and drinks are terrific. My favorite time is happy hour with the burnt end sandwich and $5 old fashioned. And I'm not joking about those sinks.If you decide to make your way over to Fette Sau, please take time to prepare in advance, by which I mean please do not eat for 24 hours ahead of time and then plan not to eat for another 24 hours after.
Such an original Barbecue joint with the best pork belly I have ever had. The chicken was surprisingly delicious, as was everything else.
Extensive whiskey selection and the bartenders are extremely informative.  Great spot for the summertime, with tons of picnic tables outside and conveniently located right by the Beer Garden. You'll feel like a fat kid when they finally roll you out, but it's worth it..Bacon brownie dessert and all. Yes, bacon in the brownie. I was skeptical at first, too.
Vegetarians: Beware.Great BBQ joint, love the large wooden bench seats and the pay-by-weight meat selection.Alright if you like BBQ and various choices of meats then this is the place. I've been to multiple BBQ spots in the city since I moved here maybe a year ago. When I say this place is by far the best southern style BBQ place I've been to I'm not kidding! 
    When you get there they have a line set up where you wait to order your food which is usually pretty long. The line would probably be the only negative thing. So you stand in line for awhile but the bar is really close so you can grab drinks while you're waiting. 
    Once you get to the front you order your food by the pound or half pound so on. What i thought was cool is they put the meat that each person in your party orders on paper on a tray without plates so you can try everything. A hostess will give you optional seating which they have long picnic like tables that you might be sitting with another party you don't know like my gf and I did but that was fine with us. 
    If you haven't hit this spot you should! Hopefully this run down gives you an idea. 5 starsMy friend and I came here for dinner the other night, and everything was delicious!
She ordered the chicken, and I ordered the ribs. Both were perfectly prepared. And paired with shared sides of the pickles and the mushrooms, we had more than our fill for under $20 each.
If ever in the mood for great BBQ, Fette Sau is the place to go.The beef brisket and beef ribs are my favorite, but the chicken is also great and everyone I know loves the pork ribs (I don't eat pork).  The beans are the best I have ever had and my husband's favorite.  
However, our current favorite thing is the customer service.  The other day we got a large take out order and they left out the chicken.  When we called to tell them, they are very polite and said to come on in and get it anytime.  We went back two days later and I ordered 3 sides to go with the chicken, and they didn't charge us for anything!  Everyone leaves something out of a take out order every once in awhile, but the way Fette Sau dealt with it was really great.  They were so apologetic and knew right away what the situation was.  
Great food and great customer service.  Go there.  Eat everything.Gluten free haven for happy hour. Some of the best BBQ and service I've ever had. Get the potato salad!Oh my gosh, what an amazing space/design inside and out. Brilliant just brilliant.
Went for take out to sample the menu for first time. The takeout line works well, it's nice to be able to see meats getting cut. The line does move somewhat slow - and it wasn't that busy - but they had just opened at noon,and it was super bowl sunday, and they just received a strong 3 bell review in today's paper. 
Here's the rundown:
Black Angus Bone-in Short-ribs  Definitely the best of the 4 meats we tried. Exceptional, fall of the bone.
Black Angus Flank Steak, Decent, but nothing that special.
Duroc St. Louis Ribs, Very tasty, dry rub style - but, don't expect fall of the bone.
Black Angus Beef Brisket, VERY, VERY fatty, way more than I think is acceptable. Got a pound and 1/3 was all fat that we tossed out.
Wanted to try the chicken, but was told it was too early.
Baked Beans, really, really good - oh yea!!!     But, they put bits of brisket in it, and sometimes we found unnecessary globs of brisket fat instead.
German mustard potato salad, very good - but potato's should be cut in smaller chunks.
Sauerkraut, really, really good - and I'm not much for s/k, but this was very enjoyable.
The pickled broccoli salad was very good and unique.
The sauces are decent, especially the spicy and the vinegar. Didn't care much for the sweet sauce.
The peanut butter cookie is exceptional and a great buy at $1.50, The bacon brownie is frigging amazing.Definitely can't compare Fette Sau to the bomb ass BBQ back in St. Louis, but their meats are on. point. For a Penn student, it is a little but out of the way, but the food is well-worth the visit. I was very VERY pleased with the brisket - a good mix of meat and fat, and carved out and weighed to order. I paired it with some sauerkraut, which was also pretty tasty. Would love to come here again!Went on opening day, and I was the first customer in line, but I let the guy behind me go 1st because I didn't know what I wanted! I love the overall atmosphere in the place! It didn't even feel like I was still in Philly! The food was really really good, the owner (Joe) was really nice as well! I like how they serve their meats on the sheet pans with butcher paper! Reminds me of a BBQ restaurant in Memphis! Starr was not there, they said he was going to come in later on! Also get the bacon brownie!SO yum!!! Got the ribs (you can order any amount - they're super flexible), the broccoli salad, and some beers. Perfectly cooked and great sauces for the ribs. Also, super chill warehouse ambiance and very friendly staff. I finally found a great bbq place in philly!I absolutely love bbq and have had it all through out the south, and there is one thing that this place is lacking... service. I wish i could review the food, but I never had it.  It was so painfully slow to get food that I decided to leave. I moved about 10 feet in about 30 minutes and was no where close to ordering food. I ordered two drinks at the bar and still wasn't even close to ordering any food. Maybe at some point I will be able to review the food, but until then I would avoid this place unless it is completely void of people.went here friday night for a birthday party.  the decor and the whole concept is GREAT - i felt like i was sitting on someones porch having a friendly drink.  They serve drinks in mason jars and they have beautiful wood tables.  it feels kinda southern and the space has a great charm about it. 
The cashier knew exactly what was vegan and what was not.  - and the vegan options were DELISH.  the only HUGE problem was there wasn't enough for me to eat as a dinner!!  i should have pre-eaten!  I had potatoes, broccoli salad, and pickles.  the pickles were tremendous! the potatoes were good and the broccoli was def above average.  but it was annoying to sit around and watch all my friends eat a ton of meat when they really only have "sides" available for veggies.  I understand a restaurant cannot be everything to everyone, and i know its not a place designed for vegans but i would def go back for drinks and pickles only after eating dinner somewhere else. 
or hey fette sau - you could always get a pulled-seitan dish OR a nice grilled tofuIn love! Came here after thoroughly reading yelp reviews. First I'll address the worst of the reviews which are their sauces...they suck. No worries though. The meat is good enough to stand on its own. Another bad review is that it's not as good as southern. We'll guess what? You're in Philly. Ask me to review a cheesesteak in Charlotte and no matter how good it is it will never make the cut. 
The best reviews I read were the burnt beans. At first I was like, whatever, but by my second bite in with a big chunk of meat I fell madly in love. Madly. That's all I'm saying for now. I WILL be back.. Many times. I'll change my 4 stars to five 
When the mac's not sold out and the sauce tastes good. I can't wait!I came here at around 6:00pm on a Saturday. Upon walking in, the place smelled great and I was really excited to try their food. There were 6 people in line ahead of me and it took about 15 minutes to have my order taken. If the sluggish service was the only issue I think I still could have liked this place. But, I ordered a half pound of brisket, 2 beef ribs, and a side of baked beans. The bill came to $47...$47! Looking down at the tray I couldn't believe it was $47 worth of food. On top of that, the food was mediocre at best. It wasn't the worst meal I've had but it was far from the best and miles away from the price I paid. I left there feeling like I had wasted my money. The bottom line is this restaurant is in a city where there's little competition for good BBQ and it's trendy. If it was opened in another part of the country where BBQ is more common, this place would be laughed out of business. If you're hard up to overpay for mediocre BBQ in a dimly lit "hip" place then go for it. Otherwise, I'd recommend saving your money.Excellent execution!!! First, the ambience is awesomely wild!!! Fun, farm/rustic feel. Second, the bow and sides are really tasty and flavorful. Finally, the bar staff was knowledgeable and the bar was very well stocked!What happened to this place!?  I have been going there since it opened and always had excellent food.  Today, I had a pulled pork sandwich and it was not only lousy, but it was served on 2 small butter rolls!   The butter rolls are way too soft and buttery to sustain pulled pork.  I hope today was a fluke.When I first attempted to find Fette Sau I walked right past the fairly unassuming entrance; basically an open gate directly adjacent to the South side of Frankford Hall.  But as you enter below a small, pink neon sign, you see racks of kegs and firewood to the left, a charming bricked outdoor area with picnic tables, an old-fashioned painted beer ad on the right, and straight ahead, a country shack complete with tin roof straight out of Appalachia.  The inside is beautiful; dark woods, exposed bricks and beams and yes, even a cast-iron stove!  Is this the Disney World of barbecue joints?  Yes.  But it works.
With a little googling I discovered that Fette Sau means fat sow (female pig) in German.  (Fetten is also a German word that means "to grease"!) Also, the restaurant is almost identically copied from a restaurant of the same name in Brooklyn (Barcade-style) owned by restauranteur Joe Carroll, who partnered with Stephen Starr to bring Fette Sau to Philly.  Evidently Starr wanted to do barbecue in Philly but didn't think this concept could be topped.
When you enter, the meat counter (complete with pig head) with side dishes is on the left and the bar is on the right.  It's all counter service, no table service.
Meats generally come priced per pound, but you can get 1/4 pound, 1/2 pound, etc.  It was $4 per sausage link, $10 for a half chicken and $16-$23 per pound for brisket, pulled pork, ribs, etc. Sides (potato salad, beans, mushrooms, etc.) are $3-$4.50 small, double it for a bigger portion.  Some people complained about the prices here, but my friend and I shared a pound of meat and 2 small sides.  It came to around $22 and was filling enough for both of us.  As long as you don't pack on tons of sides, prices are not unreasonable.
Brisket and pulled pork were tender and delicious.  They use a dry rub, no sauce.  The website recommends you eat it as is, without sauce, but I do prefer sauce on my barbecue.  They have 3 sauces on your table: sweet, spicy and vinegar.  One reason for not going 5 stars is I wasn't a fan of the sauces.  The sweet is good, but standard.  The spicy and vinegar are not very good.  Honestly Percy Street on South Street has better sauces.  The potato salad had mustard in it and was delicious.
The bar is extremely charming complete with tap handles made from meat cleavers, forks, etc.  They had a small but good draft list (e.g. Founders porter).  You can order beer in almost any size: 1/2 pint, pint, quart, gallon, etc.  They all come in mason jars or jugs.  Beers were priced $6-$7 for a pint size.  Some were overpriced.
Otherwise, it appears they only do whiskey.  They really do have some amazing whiskeys available here.  For a flight you can pick from 12 groupings priced $13 all the way up to $34.  In each group they present you with 3 whiskeys, a fairly small amount of each in a tasting snifter.  We tried a flight of single barrel bourbons, $22 for 3 small snifters, all delicious.  They give you an eye dropper to put some water in for your tasting.
The presentation of the whiskeys was great, but otherwise bar service was questionable, another reason for not 5 stars.  The bar was not crowded, yet it took awhile to get a beer.  The bartender then gave my change to the gentleman to my right.  Later the bartender forgot to charge us for the flight of whiskey.  Prior to leaving my moral side overcame me and she was thankful when I asked her if she wanted me to pay.
Otherwise, service was pleasant.  The folks at the meat counter were helpful in helping us decide on an appropriate amount of food.  And, despite not having table service, someone did come by multiple times to ask us how things were.
Did I mention they even had an appropriate blues soundtrack playing throughout the evening?  Bourbon, brisket + blues = impressive.  
Stephen Starr wins again.  Artfully executed as always.  A very pleasing experience, especially in decor.  Food is not unreasonably priced if you order a reasonable amount of food.  Some of the beers are a bit expensive and the whiskey is quite expensive, but it's world class bourbon so that's how things go.  Not a place I would go regularly, but I'll definitely be back sometime to share some ribs and whiskey with friends. A perfect combination, by the way.A fette sau is exactly what I felt like after I ate here. This place made me so happy! 
This was our first time here (won't be the last) and the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful when it came to explaining how things work and making suggestions. You order meat by the pound. We order 1/2 pound of pulled pork and 1/2 pound of brisket. Both were amazing - tender and juicy- but I have to say that I found myself craving more of the pork. 
They have three sauces to choose from - spicy, sweet and vinegar. I felt the spicy had a full, robust flavor - but lacked actual spice. I didn't feel any heat from it at all. The sweet sauce was not overwhelmingly so, but a perfect mid-level sauce that had some tang and some sweetness. 
For sides, I appreciated that they had options other than your typical heavy BBQ sides. We ordered the mushrooms and broccoli salad. I loved that the salad was cold, and light - not drenched in mayo, but a fabulous, light italian dressing made in house. 
The cocktail and beer selection is also amazing. I had something delicious with gin, cucumber and sparkling wine. They have a great craft beer selection. It always makes my heart happy to see Michigan beer, and Founders Pale Ale is the perfect thing to wash down some tasty BBQ with. 
The atmosphere here is really laid back. The decor lends itself to that. There's a facade to a house, so you feel like you're sitting on a porch (because you are) or in someone's back yard. 
We arrived at 5:30 on a Saturday, and we had no wait - there were only two other tables full at that time. By the time we left, we could see it was picking up, and outdoor seats (it was a gorgeous day) were scarce.
Also, really appreciated that they advertised that all the meat was antibiotic and hormone free.Great BBQ-casual, youngish crowd and somewhat loud atmosphere!  Wait staff and hostess were friendly and very helpful.  After ordering a beer that I ended up not liking, the hostess comped me a beer of my choice.  Sweet potato hash was delicious.  I am a fan of collard greens when I can find them on the menu and they didn't disappoint.  Come with an appetite and plan to share!!This place was very chill and had the perfect vibe to it, the food was quality but the portion that I got of the brisket was soooooooooooo fatty and greasy there was almost barely any meat. So my advice to you is ask that you get more meat and less fat and watch them while they're cutting your portion so this doesn't happen to you if you're ordering brisket. The Mac and cheese was really good and so was the sweet potatoes.I had a great time at a snowy happy hour recently. I think I got there a little later than the rush, but there was plenty of space for the large group I was with. Beer list looked good, I had chicken legs and the broccoli which were great. Not sure what table service was like as I went to the counter for everything I needed, but I will certainly be back and will bring friends!I had high expectations considering the reviews and duhhhh its a starr restaurant.. They tried way too hard here and missed the mark. Went in one evening and the place was nearly empty, i should've taken the hint! The decor is kind of tacky, and the staffs a bit pretentious.. But onto the food... The brisket and butterscotch pudding were the only things i liked. The burnt end beans tasted weird and the flavor was really overpowering and just tasted a bit off. All of the other sides were pretty tasteless, except for the over powering vinegar! Broccoli salad and potato salad were almost inedible because of the strong sour pickled taste. Now I love pickled vegetables, but this was way too much vinegar, it literally had me coughing as i was eating it because my throat was burning. The mac n cheese tasted alright, kind of dry though, like it was a day old.. The chicken is served with the skin completely charred black, I thought it was a joke at first HA! And usually you expect chicken skin to be yummy and um i dunno maybe edible??? Nope, the skin was so hard I couldn't stick my fork in it. But the meat was juicy and tender inside, yet extremely plain tasting.  And really, with the food being served slapped right in a tray? So corny.. Nothing here excited my tastebuds, extremely disappointed. There are so many more bbq spots in town with way better food.Ahh, so I learned something here... "Fette Sau" Philly is a Starr restaurant. That kind of makes sense as it's right next to Frankford Hall, which is also a Stephen Starr location. Is the Fette  Sau in Brooklyn a Stephen Starr establishment as well? Regardless, they share the same logo, and they share the same look, and they share the same damned good pork BBQ!!! Besides that, the beer list is pretty good (NY is better, but OK). The interior is nice, and you can sit "outside" to eat if you'd like. It's comfortable, and welcoming, and actually.... almost irresistible.This place is everything what I imagined of a true BBQ joint. The beef and pork ribs are amazing and tender, half chicken is awesome and it's a good deal. They sale their meats by the pound, so it's fair. The restaurant also have a bourbon/whiskey bar which fit into the BBQ theme very well. The place is good for dates to large group meals. It's truly a carnivore's heaven.Rustic and smokey, This BBQ place is going into my heavy rotation. Spacious with communal tables, Fette Sau is great for a group meat orgy. Pork as a noun not as a verb, perverts. A nice size bar which has an average selection of beers but a large selection of whiskey flights.
Tried most of the meats and a few of the sides. Everything was good and priced very reasonably. My favorites were the brisket and the burnt end beans. My least favorite was the chicken which was just fine.
I have always been loyal to Sweet Lucy's, but never fond of driving to the Northeast. Fette Sau allows me to get "porked" and not have to drive home in shame.This place is official. Great BBQ nice atmosphere. The burnt ends, ribs and smoked chicken are amazing. Which made up for their unique twist on potato salad.On the nicest day of the year so far... the bar was not staffed right. Awful. The bbq is so tasty though...delicious home style bbq...i love how you pick your meats and they serve it on a slab...great sides too!!!!The beer selection here is not extensive, but it is good -- and can be ordered in any one of a variety of sizes, which are clearly labeled and priced (thank you!) on the chalkboard behind a beautiful-looking bottle-bank of booze.  Too bad (for me) the bank's assets are mostly whiskey -- but if that's your thing, cheers.  
Beer prices are on par with similar establishments. 
Service is friendly and competent.
The mac and cheese was tasty though pricey.  Utensils and such are self-serve, which I like, but some might not.  
There are seats at the bar and at over a dozen tables of various sizes.  When the weather's nice, there might be outdoor seating, too.  Decor can be called reclaimed-wood-and-exposed-brick-industrial looking.Went here for my birthday and was quite impressed. Coming from the south I'm a bit of BBQ snob, but their pulled pork was AMAZING. Best I've had up north to date. The corn on the cob was perfect, and the beans... best beans I've ever had. But nothing made me happier than when I went to order a drink and saw they served cheerwine! We split a bacon brownie for dessert, it was okay, needs more bacon and to be a bit saltier. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is the price. That was an expensive meal for not a lot of food! But when I'm craving real BBQ and a cheerwine, I'll be back.OK so I was going to go for Korean BBQ tonight, but opted for some Good Ole American BBQ.  Its  was a Sunday night around 7:00pm.  The place was packed and I was worried we weren't going to get a seat.    No Worries though you walk in through the courtyard and into the dining room.   Where you wait in line to order your BBQ by the pound at the counter.   The wait wasn't long bout 5 minutes or so.
 The BBQ meats are  kept in the hot display case at the counter.  They were offering Brisket, Short ribs on the Bone, Pulled Pork, Sausage, Ribs, Pork Belly, & Chicken.  
I went for a 1/2 pound of brisket, 1/2 pound of pork belly, 1 sausage link, 2 short ribs, and went for a side of Baked Beans and potato Salad.   People's palettes are different from one to another. 
  I enjoy my Brisket on the fatty and juicy side and this brisket did not disappoint, so tender and juicy, just how I like it.  If you prefer a leaner cut, just ask the meat carver to get you a leaner cut of brisket.
The Short ribs were first class ultra tender and were falling off the bone.  The sausage link was alright nothing that blew me out of the water.  
The Show Stopper was the Pork Belly which was like tasting heaven.  The flavor bomb with each bite was out of this world.    The pork belly was very fatty and the rub on it amplified it to another level.
The potato salad was perfect and dressed in a tart mustard vinegar base.  The beans were tasty also with a hint of burnt ends from the brisket and the beans were AL dente.  
They did have a broccoli  salad I will have to try next time.  After you get your order you seat yourself and grab your silverware at the water station.  They use real forks and knives so this adds a little class to the dining experience.   Your food is served on sheet trays with a parchment paper lining.  I wish they labeled their BBQ sauce they have 3 sauces, Vinegar, House, and Spicy.  Vinegar I'm sure had some apple cider vinegar base to it.  House BBQ sauce was tart and tangy, Ketchup base I'm sure with some brown sugar or molasses.  The spicy sauce was a different it didn't have a good viscosity to it, very thick like a Oriental Hoisin sauce and it wasn't spicy at all.   
The service was attentive they have a bus person roaming and they come to your table to clear the table for you.  We saw our bus person like 4 times during the dinner.  
My friend was upset that the BBQ was $76.00 between the 2 of us.  He was paying so he was shocked to see such a high price for BBQ.  Note they use Black Angus Beef, Berkshire Pork, Duroc Pork, and they source out meats that are free of hormones and antibiotics.   Put into consideration it's a Steve Starr Restaurant your going to pay for quality.  BBQ is a food that should be savored once in a while.  Not every week it's too rich of a food group to do that.
I used to work in a BBQ joint as a cook & manager so the BBQ stacked up pretty good.   I had a chance to speak  to Joe C. the owner after dinner.    We talked bout the woods he uses to smoke his meats.  He uses oak which burns hard and longer and mixes in some fruit woods to balance out the smoke.  Very cool and laid back guy and he was down from Brooklyn for the week to make sure everything was on point.   
If I were to come back I would just do a slice of this and a slice of that.  The music  they were playing was modern and had a good hipster vibe to it.  The ambiance was very industrial farmhouse chic.Two words..... burnt ends! 
The short ribs and brisket were amazing too. Whatever they use as their rub is SO good. 
Don't pay $ for the Mac & Cheese... it's just blah
We went at noon when it opens but I can imagine the place getting crowded and parking to be rough.This was my first time at a BBQ place in Philly but I have been to several ones in New York City. We went as a party of 5 and the wait was fairly long due to a packed line but it was fine as the aroma of bbq made the wait even sweeter. The
restaurant was not fairly large but the wooden bench style tables and simple decor makes it a good comfort food. 
There was also a bar next to the food line but I didn't order any drinks.
My score will be based off food, price, and service.
Food: I ordered beef brisket, pork belly, and short ribs totalling 1 pound, with a side of beans and bread. The beef brisket was probably the best out of the 3, the pork belly is more of an acquired taste and fatty, and the short ribs was smokey but a little dry for me. 
The beans tasted normal, but honestly the best part for me was their homemade sweet sauce on the beef brisket. Awesome! Not sure how hungry you are but a pound to me was way too much, considering the sides so I would suggest half to 3/4 a pound if your hungry. 
I didn't try any of the other sides but I heard the broccoli and mac and cheese weren't bad. 
Price: The meats range from anywhere between $18-$24 a pound and $12 for half chicken or $20 for peking duck. 
I would say the prices are not cheap, but fair for a BBQ meat place. The beans cost me $4.50 for a small and sides can range from $2.50 to $9 for large mac and cheese. Prices will range but its on the mid range scale. 
Service: Staff was fairly friendly, they came over a few times to ask about our meal but since this isn't a full scale restaurant but more a sit in, there wasn't anything noticeable to say about this.
Overall: This seems to be hangout spot either after drinking, gambling at Sugarhouse, or just if you want a good BBQ place in Philly. I would say give it a shot, don't over order your meats, ask for extra free bread, try the awesome sweet sauce and you will be in for a good time. Its not the best BBQ place I've been to but its not horrible either, I think you just need to get the right meats.Great happy hour paired with $5 old fashions. One of the best bbq spots in the city. The only knock....a little costly.This is my favorite spot for good bbq comfort food. I completely disagree with the other posts about the ribs. The ribs are cooked to perfection with a slight bite and seasoned with a flavorful dry rub. The smoked and brined chicken drumsticks and the short rib are also not to be missed. In my opinion they are the best things on the menu. 
Fette Sau has a great atmosphere as well. Not to be missed!It's right next to the solid frankford hall, a good place to come get some food before going for drinks. I think it's important to say that this is close to four stars, and I really want to go back. I love everything about this place... except the food. The best part of the food is the barbeque, the waitstaff is good and it's a cool place like you'd expect a starr joint to be like.
But I think the sides were a little lackluster. We got potato salad and cole slaw which are entirely forgettable. The pulled pork was nicely cooked and tender. They had left it without much seasoning, so you could take the extras at the table and dress your sandwich, but I found the sauces lackluster as well. The bun was kind of small and seemed to be a throwaway.
I dunno, it seems like this place has put a lot of effort into their space, with a good draft list, it has put a decent effort into their meats, and everything else is cheap. It doesn't elevate the whole experience.I'm a Texan. I take my meat very seriously. Fette Sau has given me hope that I may, in fact, survive my new life as a Philadelphian. 
I came here out of complete chance - I attended a service event hosted by United By Blue (a Philly based company), and as a thank you, the volunteers were fed a buffet at Fette Sau. I wasn't sure what to expect, but shout out to UBB for getting me here. I enjoyed my experience.
The buffet was limited, but when food is free, beggars can't be choosy. There was a choice of beef and pork burnt ends or chicken legs. By the time I reached the buffet table, the chicken was gone. The beef and pork was all mixed together in a serving pan. This didn't bother me, but for my Muslim friend, she was unable to make a plate. When she approached an employee about other options, she was completely shut down. Again - the food was free, so I understand the limited options, but I also really value good customer service and felt the employee could have been a little kinder. With all that being said - the burnt ends were amazing. Juicy, tender, and full of flavor. I was super happy.
The sides were rolls, mac and cheese, and a spicy slaw. The rolls were soft, and I was pleased with the mac and cheese, but the slaw was essentially just shredded purple cabbage and peppers; I was not a huge fan.
BBQ sauce is ESSENTIAL. On the table were two bottles, one spicy, one sweet. I'm known to favor a bit of a kick, but the spicy sauce was very spicy. The sweet sauce is where it's at - not the best I've ever had, but still very good. 
There's a huge bar with a wide selection of craft beer, wine, and various whiskeys. There is also plenty of seating. It's a community style set-up, so be prepared to make new friends, as you're bound to be sharing a table. I really loved the outdoor seating area. On a beautiful spring evening, this would be a great option to grab a good drink and enjoy the air. 
I'm keen to come back and try more menu options, but I'm a little apprehensive about their pricing - it seems a bit high. Not sure this would be my top option for an expensive meal, but at least now I'm aware of a solid BBQ joint.Pretty amazing BBQ, I tried the pulled pork, the beef ribs, and the chicken.  All were excellent.  Cafeteria style, but pretty trendy yet comfortable atmosphere.  The staff was helpful (especially the meat handlers checking how many people we were buying for because no one ever knows what they are doing when buying bbq by the pound).  I also liked that there was a staff member trying to find tables for people waiting in line, it made the line much easier to handle.  
MEAT:
Pulled pork was smokey, had a nice texture, and tasted great.  The bottom of our pile of meat was even better, as the juices soaked into the bottom layer of pork.  One of the best pulled porks I've had.
Beef ribs are not usually my cup o' tea (I usually go for pork) but their beef ribs looked too good to pass up.  I was surprised to say that this was my favorite cut of meat for the meal.  Fatty, well seasoned, soft cuts of meat that easily separates from the bone (not fall off the bone, but we were left with completely clean bones at the end of our meal).   
I often pass of chicken at BBQ places.  It is too easily dried out, and why eat chicken when you can eat pork?  That being said, the chicken was very good.  Moist, juicy meat.  While I would still recommend the ribs or pulled pork over the chicken, this was pretty great in it's own right.
SAUCE: 
Hot, sweet, and vinegar are your options.  The hot isn't very hot and the sweet has more of a taste to it.  I enjoyed mixing the hot and sweet together.
SIDES:
I tried most of the sides, but I was disappointed that they were out of the cole slaw by the time that I arrived.
The mushrooms were very good: I would recommend trying them even if you don't like mushrooms.  They are small mushrooms with a meaty, smokey taste to them that works perfectly.  
The half sour pickles were very good, and mixed well with the meat.  The potato salad was pretty good, it had a mustard vinegar flavor to it.  I don't like sauerkraut, but this was wasn't bad because it wasn't that sour (my girlfriend is a sauerkraut buff and it seemed like she could have used more sour).  The broccoli could have used more seasoning for it to be considered a "salad," I like unseasoned broccoli, but that doesn't really make a salad.  The mac and cheese was fine, but nothing really special there.
DRINKS:
Interesting beers on tap, and an extensive whiskey list.  A few inventive cocktails, but nothing that really caught my attention.  I enjoyed drinking a glass of bourbon and a glass of rye with my meat, I'd recommend something similar.as a NoLibs resident, I was really excited for Fette Sau's opening.  We went New Years night for dinner.  While the food was good, it was very overpriced for what we got.  4 ribs, a side of beans, a side of mushrooms and water was $35.  Given the cafeteria style, seat yourself service,  I would have expected it to be a bit more reasonable.  That said, the ribs were juicy and not overcooked and the sides were tasty. No cornbread was disappointing for a BBQ joint though.  If the meal had been a bit cheaper, I would probably return, but for what we got and the atmosphere, Fette Sau won't be on my list again.  Bubba's BBQ right up Girard is much more reasonable and the food is just as good.Planned and organized my friends bachelor party at this restaurant. It was beyond successful. They have three menu options for parties to choose from. We chose the most expensive one which gets you a choice of three meats, three sides,and a dessert. Did I mention it's unlimited??? Yes... unlimited and the price is fantastic, about $35 a person. We received five-star treatment all night and the bbq was just top notch. We were constantly checked in on by the manager who was extremely attentive and helpful. The food was delicious, the service was quick and fabulous, I would recommend this place all day.Best BBQ place I been to. The decor is amazing, the food is stellar, its just an amazing place. They have a great happy hour and the staff are so friendly. The beers are a bit pricey but if your there for happy hour, it's half off any size, so its the best time to go.One of my BBQ favorites! Came here last night for drinks and brisket- I'm an avid fan. Highlights are the brisket, pulled pork and the short rib! 
I especially like that I can buy by the pound or 1/8 pound (I've done both on separate occasions - even to-go!)Oh man, I'm really surprised I'm leaving this review. First of all, full disclosure, I ordered from Caviar so I did not eat in house. 
I got ribs, some brisket and beans/Mac and cheese on the side. 
The brisket is awesome. Tastes good, and not dry or over cooked. 
But that's it, the rest of the order went from Meh to straight up disappointing. The ribs are too peppery and dry. The beans are okay. The Mac and cheese is horrible. You can buy a box of Kraft and do way better.
I'm disappointed, the pricing is so high and the food is so low quality. Very very unfortunate. If you're looking for BBQ go to sweet Lucy's.the rib rack is still the best anywhere. I have been going there since 1987. no joke, you will need a flashlight to read the menu. very dark in there. the best bbq i have ever had.Hands down one of the best happy hours in Fishtowne,  great work staff & friendly. Would highly recommend the happy hour 1/2 price on all draft beers, $5 Manhattan s old fashions a hidden gem.