I returned to Figs recently for the first time in 2 years with my mom & sisters for dinner.  I was glad to see that nothing had changed.  Same cozy restaraunt with the same (delicious) menu.  I had made reservations for 7:30pm for my party of 6 on a Saturday night and we were seated promptly. 
We orderd a lot of food and I got to sample a little bit of everything.  Appetizers: the baked brie in the clay pot is a must.  The lavendaer gives it a really unique flavor.  We also got the mussels (delicious), the hummus/smoked salmon pizza (surprisingly really good, at first thought it might be an odd combo) and the tzatziki which I wasn't really a fan of (but I think I just don't liek tzatziki in general).  Entrees: I had the tuna.  It was perfectly cooked, pan seared and melted in your mouth.  That came with spinach which was really fresh, not a gritty mass of slimy overcooked stuff.  It also came with mashed potatos with banana coconut curry sauce (yum!).  I also got to sample the seafood risotto and the filet mignon which were both really good.  I tasted the swordfish which I really liked but the vanilla rice that it came with was way too sweet for my taste.
I would say the only con was that the service could have been a bit better. For example, we asked 3 times before finally getting a bucket of ice for our white wine. By the time it arrived the wine was warm.  But overall I love figs and will continue to go back. And remember, it's byob and cash only!Extremely tasty! This place is a culinary adventure for your taste buds. Delicious, fresh, and healthy. Just a note, it is cash only.I went here for brunch. The only Moroccan thing on their brunch menu was Moroccan eggs which was a little weird. I ended up getting them and they were great. Waitress was a little inattentive even though the place was almost empty.
I also took off a star because they have gendered single occupancy bathrooms, which are against the law in Philadelphia. When I informed the owner, he didn't seem to care at all.The restaurant isn't big but you don't feel crowded either. It's a nice cozy feel.  The portion sizes are perfect and it is very reasonably priced.  I got the whole fish of the day and it was cooked perfectly.  They offered to cut off the head if I didn't want it on.  Some people have a problem with that I didn't mind.  The service is what really makes this place.  They are the nicest people. I would go back just for the service.  The food is amazing.  We had 5 people and not a single complaint.  Keep up the great work.I walked by this restaurant and really wanted to give it a try. My boyfriend and I decided to go last night and were VERY disappointed. We were "greeted" poorly, waved to a table, and thrown menus. We were not informed of the specials nor what spread was served with the complimentary bread. When finally served our food, my boyfriend's chicken was like rubber (I've had better at a wedding buffet- that's saying something). My lamb was under seasoned and just...wet. It was tender enough, but the flavor was lacking. When we asked for a to-go box the waiter rolled his eyes and angrily walked away.  When he returned we asked him what were the specials for the evening (after overhearing another table have them recited to them)- and he replied, "I'm sure he told you." 
All in all, this restaurant was something that I was looking forward to and it let me down multiple times. I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. The staff is rude and curt, to the point that you almost feel like they're doing you some kind of favor. And the food was sub-par at best. We've eaten at many places throughout the city, and this place doesn't deserve our business. I hope this review helps any other curious foodies- STAY AWAY FROM FIGS.Overall Experience 3.5.
Came here for a birthday party...The staff was very friendly and attentive.  We had the Lamb and the Seafood risotto.  The food was a solid 3. I gave an extra 0.5 cause it's BYOB. I had a great time.I went here for brunch.  It was awful.  I couldn't identify anything on our plates that had actually come from inside the kitchen that morning.  Everything was either shipped in (like the croissant that looked shellacked, but was in fact the most edible thing to arrive) or looked way past its prime (like the soggy potatoes).
I feel obliged to point out that the pancakes (which none of us even ordered, but looked OK from afar) **ARRIVED WITH PREPACKAGED KRAFT SYRUP PACKETS**.  I was horrified.  Guys, if you can pay rent on the corner in Fairmount, you can buy some real effing syrup, or at least pretend.Im still trying to figure out where the hype in the reviews came from here.  The baked Brie was just not good, and I love lavender honey.  There was a secondary flavor that was competing with the lavender, and the flavors did not marry well, making the lavender honey taste bitter.  You couldn't really taste the Brie, either.  The hummus as part of the tapas appetizer was not seasoned well and tasted bland.
The eggplant lasagna was over-seasoned.  The lamb shank was braised well, as it fell off of the bone.  However, the lamb was under-seasoned.  The duck, again, was prepared well but bland.  The demi-glace that accompanied it was overwhelmingly sweet.
There were some positives:
-The Fuji apple and walnut salad was dressed well, and all of the produce going into it tasted fresh.  
-The tea was very good
-Our server was attentive and polite
Overall, I wasn't impressed in the slightest. Maybe we went there on the wrong evening, but I'm not willing to spend the money to go back and see if we went there on an off night.Went there on a Thursday afternoon after a day of walking around the Philadelphia museum of Art.  Was starving and got there a little past 2:30pm (closer to 2:45pm) when they normal close for lunch.  Was still told to sit down.
My wife and I ordered the baked Brie (which was delicious), the angel hair Greek pasta with chicken which was also simple and delicious and also the crispy duck breast which was absolutely phenomenal (granted I am normally not a fan of duck so it was really good to me).  The fig sauce on the duck really is great.  Finished it off with fig ice cream after reading another persons review on yelp and yes it is definitely worth it.
I'd eat here regularly if I lives in Philly.Really nice moroccan/mediterranean fare near the art museum.  friend told me that even though it sounds strange i should try the brie/fig/nut/lavendar appetizer ... and she's right it was great.  whole bronzino was delicious.  nice grown-up feel without the  over-staged trendiness that plagues so many philly restaurants, where the show overwhelms the food.
byobMy friend and I shared the baked brie appetizer after reading the glowing reviews on Yelp. I see what all the fuss is about, it's really delicious! And a large portion for two people, although we ate every last bit of it. I also had the filet mignon. I don't normally order steak but the description on the menu sounded amazing. I'm glad I went for it because it was perfect. 
We were there pretty early for dinner and it was a weeknight, so maybe I shouldn't be so surprised by this... but we were the only ones in the restaurant for our entire meal. It just seemed odd to me. I'd like to check it out on a weekend and see if the atmosphere is any different.
Also love that it's BYOB!I've been are several times for lunch and have been pleased each time.  The gorgonzola burger, chicken sandwich, and tuna sandwich were all very good.  The atmosphere is great.  I look forward to trying it for dinner soon.this restaurant is the perfect dinner date place. it is cozy with just the right amount of ambient lighting, exotic music, the smells of foreign foods wafting in the air. this place is a well kept secret here in the fairmount hood. boys, take note, take your lady here and she will think you are connoisseur of exotic cuisine and you will totally woo her!
my dinner here was yum from start to finish. my greek pasta was cooked to perfection. not too greasy. fresh tomatos and herbs. light to the tongue. the mussels were fresh and steamed with the right amount of lemon and tomato seasoning. the grilled vegetables were cooked so the veggies remained crispy and they weren't burnt. the chicken was tender. the mango sorbet was the perfect ending to a lovely meal.
this little nook in the wall place is cash only and BYOB. i suggest making reservations here since it is prolly no bigger than a living room and you wouldn't want your lady to think you are some goober during your wooing process!
figs remains one of my favorite places to dine and if i am lucky one of the places where i get taken to for dining and wining(not whining).I had dinner again last night at Figs. I have been going there for years and needed to finally give them the credit they deserve! This BYO has the best, most consistently awesome food in Fairmount! The Tuna is pefect...every single time I order it. The portions are large (I usually get a  lunch or a late night snack) and the prices are very reasonable. Brunch is also amazing! GO!Perfect everytime.  Excellent food.  Great staff. Best BYO in the neighborhood!!  CASH ONLY...maybe that would be my only knock since I NEVER have cash.  Also, call for reservations.I came to Figs to crash my girlfriend's ladies night, BYOB dinner after the middletown village fall festival's beer stole my common sense, so things like what other people ate and what was said are not readily available in my memory rolodex, but luckily everything I did and the exquisite manners I displayed while doing it are still quite fresh on my mind grapes. 
I started the meal with the baked brie & pita (walnuts on the side because of my allergy) and it was okay. What I enjoyed most about it was sopping up the leftover lavender honey with the complimentary bread when the cheese and pita were gone. 
For the main course I ordered the crispy duck breast in the apple cider honey fig demi glace with fruit bread pudding and sauteed spinach. I usually like to ask for a medium cook on my fatty fowl, but in the state I was in, and with never having tried Figs before, I opted to let the chef handle the details. Luckily our waiter was on point (service was superb all night) and asked for the temp anyway, so my disappointment was very high when the breast came just a hair under well done and with no noticeable crisp to it. Bread pudding was a good touch, and the flavor of the sauce was very nice too, but there was still a little to be desired. 
Finished off the meal with an apple cobbler a la mode that wasn't really my cup-o-tea; I found the scoop of ice cream insufficient to overcome the dryness of the pastry. Basically, the desert just rounded out the averageness of this average meal for me (the ladies felt this way also). 
As far as the atmosphere goes, it is cozy and warm (no that isn't a reference to the extremely warm restaurant temperature, even though it was pretty toasty in there), and seems perfect for a romantic date. Not a bad night at Figs, but not a great one either, so I'd be willing to give it another shot, just not eager.Little gem in the Art Museum area. Moroccan in decor and influence. Four of us enjoyed outstanding meals. Eggplant lasagna appetizer was great. Tuna in coconut curry was amazing. It's a small space so don't look for quiet and spread out. Love the artwork and decor. BYOB and cash only.This restaurant is near the museum of art, but it could only use cash. The sesame salmon was good with potato and asparagus. The pasta was pite but a little sour, the quantity was generous.I was vacationing in Philly and stumbled upon Figs. Very good food, and an awesome server, very polite. Indoor and outdoor seating and they also have the option of byob.I went to Figs for a birthday dinner last year and wasn't very impressed. I went again a few days ago to grab dinner with a friend, and I am, unfortunately, still not that impressed. 
Figs is pretty pricey (and it's cash only) and entrees are hit or miss, and the wait staff aren't very attentive. When I came this past Friday I ordered the Mediterranean tapas plate and my friend ordered the Mediterranean pizza. The tapas plate was good, and apparently everything is made in house so very fresh as well. My friend didn't love her pizza but didn't hate it. Neither of us was that hungry so we just got appetizers and then had some tea and an apple cobbler. The apple cobbler was good, nothing spectacular, just a homemade apple cobbler like one your aunt might make for Thanksgiving. 
One thing that I didn't love: I finished my water within 10 minutes of being there, and it was never refilled. I kept stealing water from my friend and then 30 minutes in we were both sitting with empty water glasses. Maybe a small thing, but I'm all about checking in and water refills.
Overall, not a bad place to go, but not a top choice either.Hands down the best restaurant in Fairmount!  Its a small, cozy BYO with a fantastic atmosphere, very attentive wait staff, and the best food around. 
Given the small size of the restaurant, reservations are recommended.  Every time we've come (with reservation), we have been seated quickly by the friendly staff.  The menu is diverse, with vegetarian, seafood, and meat dishes available.  
The brie appetizer is  amazing, and the pan seared tuna is out of this world!  And how can I forget, the garlic mashed potatoes that accompanies most of the dishes has me salivating just thinking about it!
If you are looking for a restaurant in Fairmount, absolutely make this your first choice, great for small groups or as a date night restaurant!Wow great byob Moroccan restaurant, scallop appy was so delish I'll be dreaming of it, I had the grilled curry shrimp, my husband had Greek pasta with shrimp  and my daughter had the salmon all perfectly prepared and wonderful. Service was a bit slow but friendly. Will definitely return!This is my favorite brunch spot now.  The lady was very attentive and made sure my coffee cup was always filled with hot coffee. Food came out very quickly and the quality was worth every penny. I had eggs Benedict with crab cake. It was one of the best eggs Benedict I had. This is a hidden gem of fairmount everybody would love to come back :)Went here for the first time 2 weeks ago for dinner with a party of 4.  It was excellent!  The only drawback...a little small and cramped, but that's what you usually get with city BYOB's.  Small price to pay.  Unfortunately our reservation was about 5-10 minutes late and we had to awkwardly wait in the middle of the place, almost next to other patrons' tables.  Had it been warmer (or not raining), maybe we'd wait outside.  
The servers were friendly.  Everything was great.  We had the hummus plate and the baked brie.  The hummus was great, the baked brie was good, but a little greasy and not very big (bad for sharing between more than 2).  I ordered the vegetable and cous cous meal - was so fresh and delicious!  It certainly seemed healthy (hopefully).  Everyone else loved their dishes as well.  We split a chocolate dessert - heavenly!
I would return for another meal here.  Love that it's a BYOB too!!  Makes the check splitting experience a breeze.Neat little BYOB. Went with a group of 11- sampled every appetizer. Stand outs were the brie and peppered scallops. But really, you can't go wrong with any of them, just depends what tickles your fancy :-)
Ordered the crab stuffed sole and it was GREAT! Every aspect of the meal just worked well together. Others noted that their meals were delicious as well, including the filet and seafood risotto. 
Would definitely go back if I was in the area again!
PS. CASH ONLY!This was by far the worst dining experience I have ever encountered. The owner of this establishment should be ashamed of him/herself for even considering claiming being in the customer service industry. 
My boyfriend and I were excited to try something new to celebrate our 4 year anniversary together. We were excited to have a cozy night at local Fairmount byob. Considering we made sure to stop at the liquor store first and get cash out, we made time to plan for the evening. We also circled the restaurant and surrounding are for upwards of 20 minutes to find a parking spot. Despite all the time it took to prepare for this night out, we were still excited.
When we got to the restaurant which, was a Thursday, we awkwardly entered the small dining space. There was not a hostess to station when we first walked in, so we maneuvered through the cramped tables to the back of the house. We finally were able to grab the attention of a woman who looked like the owner (the place only had about 4 or 5 employees in there) who asked us how many were in our party. When we told her there would be just the two of us she snapped "You can sit there or there" pointing at one table that might as well have been in the kitchen and another that might as well been in the doorway entrance. There were two open tables that sat 4 and one that sat 6. I asked if we could sit at one of the larger tables and she barked "I already told you, you can only sit at one of these." I responded telling her I just wanted to see if they were available. She told me "If you don't want to sit at either of the two i offered the you don't have to eat here". My jaw almost touched the floor!! I could not believe disrespect and snoopy attitude I was receiving from what looked like a cute, family owned and operated business. I told her I will take my business elsewhere. 
I would NEVER recommend Figs to anyone who prefers to be properly spoken to. What went from an exciting anniversary dinner, turned into a parking spot circling, atm hitting, byo bringing, attitude ridden night from hell! DO NOT DINE HERE!Delicious food. Attentive, but relaxed service. We ordered the spreads as an appetizer and the waitress brought more pita for dipping. My friend had the branzino and it was grilled perfectly.  They offer to remove the bones/head if you prefer. And, I ordered the king shrimp in orzo with spinach and mushrooms. Delicious. We stayed until close and would recommend this neighborhood gem to anyone looking for a great meal.The coffee is rich and delicious, which is rare for restaurant coffee.   Had an omelet breakfast, which was very good.  My friends who had the moroccan breakfast (both of whom had actually been to Morocco) loved it - I'll get that next time
We were there for breakfast after a charity walk.  The guy who we were walking for was in pretty bad shape, and the staff sat him early and got him coffee.  So not just good food, but warm people.Went for dinner with friends--such a cozy/cute spot but unfortunately we all felt the main dishes were not anything special based on the prices.Walked in with a group of 5 and it was pretty cramped, but quaint. We were told they were doing brunch and weren't seated or given a menu until we told the lady yes, we'd stay for brunch. There were a few tables not in use, but we had to wait for the hostess to clear off two dirty tables to seat us at those. Odd, but ok. We were sort of surprised that the only Moroccan thing on  the menu was Moroccan eggs. Everything else was American food. CASH ONLY.
Took a few minutes in to figure out why my group was a bit annoyed and they pointed out to me that everyone in the restaurant was eating pasta, and steak, wine, shrimp, dinner foods, while we were told they were only serving brunch. I had the Moroccan eggs which were alright. It's a bit of ground beef and marinara sauce served with sunny side up eggs. I have to assume they accommodate local regulars for meals? The hostess was very polite, but didn't really check on us but twice the entire time we were there. It was also, overly warm in the place with no AC on a 98 degree day. Three out of four of my friends enjoyed their meals, but were disappointed in the lack of food choices. The prices are excellent at brunch, though. 
My husband asked about why people were having dinner foods and we were told brunch and the hostess explained afterwards that they'd have cooked whatever we wanted if we'd asked, but made it clear when we walked in it was brunch only. We won't go there again due to how awkward that whole situation was, and the noise level was insane because of how loud people were in such a tiny place, but it is a nice little hole in the wall for locals.Just one more birthday dinner to top it all off...
Figs, you did not disappoint.  Small but cozy BYOB in the art museum district with a short yet diverse menu.  
We opted for the Mediterranean sampler appetizer with the hummus, baba ganoush, and fish salad. Hummus was excellent, others so-so. For my entrée, I tried the swordfish coated in a date bbq sauce and topped with sliced almonds. Quite delicious.
For dessert, I had to try the homemade fig ice cream - what a tasty, creamy combination! 
And the survey says... unique cuisine, generous portions, cute, cozy, laid back environment. You should try it.
Oh and don't forget, this place doesn't take cards so BRING PLENTY OF CASH.Figs is my favorite restaurant.  Delicious food and wonderful, friendly service.  I live nearby, and everyone I have ever brought to Figs has enjoyed their meal.  The Sesame Crusted Salmon and the Grilled King Shrimp are my favorite dinner entrees.  Their salads are always fresh and delicious.  And I love the baked brie appetizer with lavender, honey, and almonds.  You can't go wrong for brunch, either - great meals and delicious coffee.  I also love the warm, cozy atmosphere.Excellent seared tuna and seafood risotto. The goat cheese eggplant lasagna was also really good. Definitely worth checking out if you're in fairmount.I've never had a bad meal here. Took my parents last night and they both loved it. Get the mussels, smoked salmon flatbread, and the duck entree. Service is no-frills but the owners are always kind and even when they're packed, I've never waited longer than 15 minutes for entrees.A friend and I went to figs for dinner. It was cute, the service was good, and the food was yummy. The salmon was cooked perfectly. The bean spread that they bring with the bread is really good, I wish I knew what it was!This place has the best salmon I've had in Philadelphia: cooked perfectly and seasoned just right.  as the other reviewer mentioned, the brie is a must order, and the service could not have been friendlier.  The only minor complaint is that it is a bit pricey, but it really is worth it.We ate here with a coworker for a couple's night out.  Figs is a small Mediterranean BYOB in the Art Museum/Fairmount neighborhood.  We shared a hummus, taboulleh and olive tapenade appetizer which was quite good, but not exactly plentiful.  I then had the seared tuna done rare (very good) and my wife went with the shrimp-pasta special which she really enjoyed.
All in all the food is tasty and the atmosphere cozy but it's somewhat pricey.  They also only take cash which means you need to come with a flush wallet.  I would probably try it again if I were local but you can do better for your money in the city.Another amazing trip to Figs last night....this has to be my favorite restaurant in Philly. The food is incredible! Don't hesitate - just GO!Love this place.  Went there for the first time last night and had the scallop appetizer, eggplant appetizer, and shrimp entree.  Everything was seasoned perfectly and came out in a timely manner.  The waitstaff was friendly and accommodating and at no time did we feel rushed, despite the fact that it was a busy Saturday night.  The apple dessert was amazing as well.  Highly recommend.Figs gets five stars because my 4-year old niece loves their pancakes. They would have otherwise received four. She always gets a half-order with strawberries. I've been here about 4-6 times but only for brunch. Everything is always delicious, including the coffee and OJ. The quiche and home fries are my fave. 
The staff are always nice, the atmosphere always relaxed and comfy. It's also walking distance from the crib. What more can a girl ask for! I will be dragging someone with me here for dinner so that I can provide an update. Stay tuned.We live in Seattle and have come to Philly to visit The Daughter. She suggested Figs 'cause it's close to her place and had a good reputation. 
Pros
It's an attractive room - pleasing colors and lighting, nice ceramics. Friendly wait staff. A nice diversity of foods on the menu. I liked the melted brie appetizer but can imagine that others would find it strange. I liked the roasted vegie skewer appetizer. My wife enjoyed a great bowl of lentil soup. A bowl of angel hair pasta, with olives and spinach, was quite tasty - not special, but good.
Cons
Smoke occasionally poured out of the kitchen - ask to sit toward the front. When it's full, you won't be able to hear much of the conversation at your table (which, depending upon the company, might be a good thing!). As for the food, I didn't see anything on the menu that was from Morocco. We had a "smoked salmon pizza" - cold lox on buttered, grilled-but-cold flatbread. Save your money. Avoid the Caesar Salad. There was nothing caesary about it - not a hint of anchovy, the archetypal fish of the Mediterranean.
We didn't exhaust the menu but nothing we ate nothing that warranted the prices, nor the five star reviews. If Figs were around the corner, I'd eat there once or twice a year - there appear to be a few worthy items on the menu and the ambiance is fine. But it's not worth a trek across the city.Had a great experience for NYE's 2012.  They were very accommodating, had a party for 6 and let us add another person.
Dinner service was great and attentive. 
Food Great!
Everyone Loved the dishes from the first bite.
YOU must try the deserts.  (my wife had Brownie, that she wouldn't share. Friend had Cookie Assortment was so good, Fig Icecream was just too good)
Try it you'll love it!!!Went Wednesday night with some friends. We split the lavender honey brie which was awesome! I had the swordfish which was delicious. Everyone liked their meals.  The only disappointment was the dessert, I had the bread pudding which was not what I was expecting. It was more like slices of French toast with some ice cream on top, tasted good but not exactly bread pudding.Super delish omelette..  Everyone else got the Moroccan Eggs which were a HUGE hit.  I can't wait to come back and have the challah (sp?) raisin French toast.  mmmmmmmmmmmmm
Awesome place.  Definitely going back for Brunch and Dinner.I recently went to Figs for a Valentine's Day dinner with my boyfriend. The restaurant is cozy and beautiful, the food is well prepared and absolutely delicious. The only thing keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is that the chef was incredibly rude to us and some other patrons upon our arrival. We were never greeted properly upon entering. The chef came up to our crowd and abruptly asked who was next. We all responded that we had a 9pm res and he shouted "everyone has 9 o'clock now tell me who's next!" At that point it was ten minutes past our res time and I was not in the mood to get yelled at by people we are giving our money to. I urged my boyfriend to get a cab so we could just go home. We were very close to leaving, but got seated right before we did. I am glad we stayed as our waitress was very attentive and polite. Our service was sharp and timely, and food came out very quickly. I ordered the cream of red pepper soup (5 stars) and the sesame crusted salmon (5 stars). Delicious food, but maybe the grumpy chef should take some notes from our friendly waitress.I wanted to love this place: I came open minded, building on my earlier experience, which was fantastic - and I wanted to recapture that. Not to be.  Made reservation for 6 pm on a Saturday, for pre-theater dinner, and to continue hubby's b'day celebration. We were running 10 min late, so I specifically called to say so, and clearly inquired if the table will wait. I was just as clearly told there would be no problems. 
We arrive, as noted 10 min late, and had to wait for almost 20 min to be seated. If you were ever at this restaurant, there is no entry foyer, no hostess area where you can discreetly wait.  You are literally standing at the front door, in full view of the diners and looking over them, sending subliminal messages to "step on it. " ( and feel they are responding "I'll go when I'm good and ready"). 
By the time we did sit down, we had lees than an hour to inhale our dinner and run out, to make it to the theater. Since we stick with vegetarian choices, we thought a Moroccan restaurant will be a good dining decision. 
We decided to take an array of apps and enjoy the "tapas" style meal with a bottle of wine we brought. We ordered  salmon and hummus pizza (seemed different and exotic), eggplant & cheese lasagna sans pasta, peppered scallops, and an a combo of baba ganush, tzatziki and stuffed grape leaves.  We thought 4 apps would be filling enough. 
We mentioned our time constraint, and asked for plates to come it as they were prepared.  In he meantime, we received some sliced bread and a bean dip - which I'm 95% certain came from a can. 
Soon the pizza arrived: nothing exotic - a pita smothered with humus and slices of smoked salmon laid on top, sprinkled with chopped onion, slightly warmed up. Interesting. Then came the combo plate - only instead of tzatziki there was more hummus. We pointed out the mistake, and received a small saucer of tzatziki. All three items on the combo plate tasted like they were mass produced, and not home made. The scallops, described as seared with black pepper on top, truly appeared pale, more like poached, and looked & tasted like they were cooked barely enough to be safe to eat. We did not finish these. The "lasagna" was just a mush of ingredients. By this point in time we were so disappointed with the dinner, we just wanted to leave, and have dessert elsewhere. 
The place was too noisy (there was ~20-person party kicking off) and the open kitchen gave way to a smoky, garlicky haze to settle over the dining area.  All added up to an experience best forgotten. 
We did ask who was the chef that evening, as Fig's web site promotes its owner as the creative chef. We were told another person was the chef that (unfortunate) evening, and he probably had nothing to do with our apps. 
If you go, I suggest you focus on main dishes, which, hopefully, will have the chef's touch, as my experience says apps are pre-fabbed and not worth your time or money.We were a group of 10 and everything ordered was absolutely delicious. I chose this restaurant after reading reviews on Yelp, and must say I confer with others' reviews as being a wonderful place to experience.
 Dinners ordered were Pan Seared Tuna, with a yummy coconut sauce that was not cloyingly sweet, sesame encrusted salmon, filet, scallops, mussels, and desserts of mango sorbet, and fig and pistachio ice creams.
 The place is cozy and cute , with saffron colored walls and a green painted floor - a perfect neighborhood restaurant - I wished I lived in the neighborhood, but still worth a 45 minute drive from Bucks CountyThe food was great. The place was beautiful.  But the service was awful. The waiter was inattentive throughout the meal, and changed shift towards the end of our meal. We asked for water after we paid the check with tip, and the lady server looked at us and ignored us the first time. After waving her down the second time (10min later) she ran to the table and screamed: "you gotta give me a chance. I'm servicing all these tables!!!"
All I wanted was water. I felt like I was trespassing in her house and she wanted to shoo me out!! We will never return. Too bad since the food was actually good. :(Figs was above and beyond amazing. My fiancé was looking for a romantic BYOB to go to after he proposed, and he selected Figs. It is a small, neighborhood restaurant. It is beautifully decorated. Being Moroccan food, it was exotic and romantic without looking tacky. For appetizers we got the melted brie, which comes with melted brie, honey, sliced almonds, and lavender oil. It was incredible and we have talked about it several times since. Sliced bread with a white bean spread comes with the meal and that was also really tasty (and a fantastic alternative to bread with butter). For dinner we got the sesame crusted salmon and the king shrimp in a light Thai curry sauce. Everything was cooked to perfection, the flavors worked well together, and the wait staff were attentive and very sweet. 
It's a BYOB, so people from the surrounding neighborhood also came in with a few bottles of wine to catch up with friends, in pairs or groups. 
If you are looking for something different, delicious, and romantic, or for just hanging out with friends to share a great meal, I could not recommend Figs more. Also, it is REALLY reasonably priced for the quality and intimacy of the place.Small quiet byob tucked away in the fairmount area. Great food and service! Cash only. We ordered the baked brie, mussels, lamb shank and sesame crusted salmon entree and everything was fantastic!Everything on the menu is reasonably priced for the large portions and the quality of the food. It is not Moroccan;  the spices and the way the food is cooked are not reminiscent of it, but it is still scrumptious. I love that it is BYOB, and wish it were not CASH ONLY!
The waitstaff  to consumers is what keeps me from giving Figs five stars. I think Figs doesn't realize how successful they are and therefore refrain from hiring additional staff, and take on more than they can handle.I came here for date night and had a great time. I love the low key ambiance with BYO and delicious food - I got eggplant goat cheese lasagna, baked Brie and the whole fish of the day. 
The service is rather slow- only downside. I would definitely come back, I hear the brunch is really good.Yum! I had the pistachio-crusted salmon and it was incredible! The brie appetizer was great too. I was a bit disappointed by the bread provided with the bean dip, but that was minor. The service is very good, the decor is pretty. Great date spot!I live 4 blocks away, so this is our go-to BYO, but our NYC friends say it is their Philly favorite now too. Warning: I am one of those people who always orders the same thing.  I know, I SHOULD order something other than the grilled shrimp, vegetables and the substitute vanilla rice, but every time I go I am reminded of just how fabulous this entree is!  Crisp, perfectly cooked shrimp, FRESH FRESH FRESH veggies and the vanilla rice, so aromatic and perfect. Fortunately for review purposes, my husband is a bit more adventurous and has tried pretty much everything on the menu.  "Can't say enough good things about Figs" pretty much sums up his experience too.  He even loved the vegetarian entree.  We like that you can always get extra flat bread to go with the hummus or the baked brie. Brunch is fabulous - and yes I ALWAYS get the goat cheese- tomato omelet, but I ask for extra spinach, light goat cheese and egg whites and it still manages to come out fluffy, hot and amazing.  I do wish that there was whole grain toast as an option, but I guess I'm too busy scarfing down the truly fresh-squeezed OJ and great Morrocan coffee to care too much.  Sundays can be crowded so GO EARLY if you hate waiting a few minutes for a table or crowds.   Our kids were treated like royalty on the handful of occasions when we brought them, usually on a weeknight.  They treat my picky eater's requests with no problem (plain grilled chicken, no herbs, no sauce, veg on sep plate...) and the kids eat about 4 things of the complimentary white bean dip and they never bat an eyelash. The staff seems to remember us now and we feel really at home - so it's a PERFECT neighborhood restaurant for us.  Parking, oy! Not an issue for us. I just feel for the people who can't walk to get there and drive around looking for a place to park for who-knows-how-long before they sit down to eat!This was hands-down one of the best brunches I've ever had.
My husband is from Philly and this was a local spot for him when he lived in the neighborhood. 
Moroccan inspired breakfast fare at a really great price. That day it happened to be freezing and the warm tea was a godsend. 
Will def be back when we're in town!Small cute place nestled in the art museum nieghborhood with a friendly staff. When we walked in the hostess kindly reminded us it was cash only and a BYOB so you could walk out if you had no cash, or run and get some wine because it was a BYOB. However as a Yelp fanatic, I was very prepared with bottle in hand and boy with cash. 
The baked brie was DELICIOUS. Honey and almonds... and it was gone. We also had the peppered scallops which were also perfectly cooked. So far, so good.
I got the swordfish with date bbq sauce and although it was tasty, the date bbq sauce was pretty much providing an ocean for the swordfish to swim in. It was just way much. The vanilla rice was a nice respite with the overwhelming bbq flavor. Boy got the braised lamb shank which I tried that was cooked deliciously well. We then shared the warm peach bread pudding which was dry and didn't taste a lick of peach. So, eh.
So needless to say, this place was good but not very consistent.This place was effing awesome. I went here for a Valentines date with my girl and we loved every bite. This place is also a byob, so that brings it up a notch. 
    Each of us got the specials of the day which were a salmon and duck dish. The duck was perfectly cooked, and the salmon was seasoned spectacularly. The sides went great with each main course and i was super full afterwards
    The service was fantastic, and very friendly. We have been back a bunch of times since our first experience, and i highly suggest going here for an intimate date in the lovely fairmount neighborhoodWas in Philly for a few days and decided to come here for lunch before visiting the Museum of Art. There wasn't any other diners in there but we decided to give it a try. We ordered three dishes from the appetizers. The Tapas plate with Baba Ganoush, Fish Salad and Tzaziki was delicious. The Fish salad is definitely something you should try; it is extremely flavorful and the Tzaziki was probably the best I've ever had. We also ordered the Goat cheese lasagna and the Lavender honey Brie pot; both were something different and unique from the dishes I usually order. The flavors blended together extremely well and the presentation was really nice. The prices were affordable and the restaurant itself was clean. If I was in Philly longer, I would definitely come back to try their dinner menu!The food at this restaurant was really disappointing, although the people were very nice and the decor was good. The best part of the meal were the appetizers, the baked brie in a honey lavender liquid and a mezze platter. The hummus was coarse and not great. 
My whole fish was fine, with a side of mashed potatoes that were a little wet. MY daughter ordered the lamb shank. It did not deliver the flavor that this dish should have. It was kind of bland. My wife had Indonesian KIng shrimp that she enjoyed and I'm glad that i did not order it because it had a very strong, unusual flavor that I did not like. 
This restaurant is listed as Moroccan, but has a range of different dishes. Just disappointing food preparation.Our foursome came to Figs last Friday armed with a few bottles of liquid fun ,in search of a memorable meal. We arrived a few minutes after our reservation time due to rain and  of course the parking situation in Fairmount is awful. Wine opened and flowing freely we as a table decided to split some apps, bake brie, mussels, and scallops. After our apps orders were placed we were brought out some fresh bread and hummus. The bread was soft and chewy with a nice crust and the hummus had a great balance of chickpeas and spice. The favorite app of the table was the brie.
 It was delish , and served in a clay pot drizzled with lavender honey, the pita points that came along side were a great match up with the cheese.  The scallops and mussels were just alright and the scallops had a slight fishy odor that rubbed us all the wrong way. The mussel broth was fantastic but the mussels were not as plump and sweet as I'm used to, and at least 4 were still slightly closed never a good sign. 
Entrees came and silence quickly took over the table as we ate the lamb shank, swordfish, sole stuffed with crab and the pasta. The other diners  at the table seemed to enjoy their meals a lot my dish the swordfish could have used just a little more salt and the extra sweet date sauce drizzled on top of the already sweet rice was a little sugar over kill I think the dish could use more savory elements.
Dessert was solid the fig ice cream is as good as everyone says and the chocolate chips canoli were better than some I've had at Italian bakeries. 
I liked the décor, music and ambiance of this place its VERY intimate and cozy (SMALL) including the entry way into the restaurant. There is an open kitchen which I usually enjoy but we sat away from it as to avoid the loud clatter of pots and pans. Overall the meal was good. I probably wouldn't rush back for dinner but the brunch menu is worth checking out.my absolute favorite brunch spot - order the breakfast BLT or Moroccan Eggs - everything is good, but those are my favorites. And the mint tea. yum.I have only good things to say about my dinner at Figs last night! The weather was great, and we scored a table outdoors on a warm spring night on a quiet street in Fairmount.
This is a cash only BYOB. The prices are about $18-$24 an entree, but the portion size is well worth it. We split the brie appetizer, which was full of herbacious flavors and crunchy almonds, and received a white bean spread to start. For our entrees, we had the lamb shank over couscous and vegetables, and the fish special of the night. Overall, everything tasted like my grandma's home cooking, if my grandma was Moroccan (and she's not). Everything was made with love and the generous portions really made it feel like a family style meal, as opposed to overpriced fine dining fanciness.
We were too stuffed for dessert, but I really hope to come back here soon. I noticed the brunch menu was extremely reasonable, and I see reviews raving about it. Hope to try it really soon and take advantage of the outdoor seating again.As a sommelier at a very well known restaurant in the city I have very high standards for hospitality in this industry. I have never been more appalled by a dining experience then the one I had at this restaurant. I went for lunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. She is a Food and Beverage Director at a fine dining restaurant in the city and was given a $100 gift card from a guest of hers. The food was hit or miss and the service was pretty bad. The chef apparently doubles as the server as well. I had to not only ask for a menu but also silverware throughout the course of our lunch. When the bill came it was $105. We placed the gift certificate along with $30 cash as the "servers" tip in the check presenter. He came back to let us know that the gift certificate had expired and was no longer valid because they had already done their taxes and counted the $100 towards their sales. Not only is this illegal and poor booking keeping but refusing to let us use a gift that had already been paid for its just HORRIBLE hospitality. A gift certificate's value should only be applied to the stores net sales AFTER it has been redeemed. The man said that he spoke with the owners and they said they could still not accept it. They made my friend walk three blocks down the road to an ATM to take out another $100 cash so now they were making out double the money on the bill. He must have been surprised to see that we did not leave him a tip after this ridiculous ordeal because as we were half way up the block we were chased after by the irate chef/server with my friends to go food that she had left on the table. He screamed "DON'T FORGET YOUR F***ING FOOD!" and threw the bag at my head. I am still in disbelief as I write this review. I don't know how this place is still open with people like that running the show. I didn't know whether to call the police or the Better Biz Bureau. I opted for the later. Hopefully they are shut down soon. Do yourself and your physical safety a favor and DON'T EAT HERE.I have lived in the Art Museum area for years, and the one restaurant in the city that my wife and I will go to over and over again is Figs.  It has great atmosphere and great food.  All of our friends and family we have taken there have had nothing but praise for it, saying it's one of the best places they've eaten.  
Figs is a Mediterranean BYO that has a bit of a Moroccan flair.  We have had a lot of the appetizers and entrees on the menu, but I'll just concentrate on a couple to whet your appetite.  The baked brie with honey is very delightful as an appetizer, as the last reviewer noted.  Also, the tuna sashimi (called my favorite appetizer) is very fresh and delicious.  And you couldn't go wrong with any of the choices for the tapas plate (hummus, baba ganoush, etc.)  
For entrees, the shrimp with vanilla rice is absolutely fantastic - the grilled shrimp pair great with the sweet, but not overly sweet, rice.  The whole fish of the day is very enjoyable, grilled to tenderness with simply spiced roasted potatoes and asparagus, as to not compete with the delicious fish.  They have great filet and chicken dishes as well, and the crispy duck breast is a sweet change of pace.  
Make sure you call ahead for a reservation, though...on Friday and Saturday nights, you may be waiting for awhile if you don't.  The dining room is a bit small, but bigger than other BYOs I've been to in the city.  Figs has some outside seating during the nicer days of the year as well, which is nice since it's in a quaint neighborhood.  
Did I mention they have brunch too?  I haven't been, but my friends have and they say it is excellent with reasonable prices.  
If you haven't been to Figs, you just don't know what you're missing.This place is so tasty and very reasonably priced! We loved our eggs brunch here...delicious!  I highly recommend it for brunch if you're near the Art Museum or in Fairmount.I went here yesterday for a date. It was so nice. I think the normal menu is more Moroccan but the Moroccan eggs were very tasty and the pancakes felt home style. I liked the prices for Philly and we ended it with a nice ice cream dessert. Also, their mango shorbet and lemonade was good.Great restaurant, nice ambiance.  I can't remember what I ordered for my main course because I was here sometime last year, but everything was good.  I know the appetizer was the brie and bread and that was awesome!  Go here!After waiting 15 minutes for an uber, we decided to have dinner a little closer to home. We walked into Fig, only to walk back out again into the freezing cold to a ATM because they are cash only. However, our experience inside was divine!! Starters: Brie in a clay pot, Med. sample plate, and white bean paste, all with fresh pita. Mains: hanger steak, pumpkin soup(!!!), spanakopita. Dessert: fresh tea (recommended, what a great finish to the meal!!), bread pudding, apple cobbler, all with fresh ice cream. Total: $75. Great finish to a full day in Philly!The baked swordfish with date bar-b-que sauce is in the top three dinners I've ever had in Philadelphia (been here 10ish years).
I'd love to  give it one star in the hopes of dissuading people from visiting so that I can have it all to myself and my close friends, but the awesome people at Figs absolutely deserve 5 stars.
And the Moroccan mussels? Terrible. Don't get 'em. Leave 'em all for me. I'll take care of 'em.
God, that was a fantastic dinner.Figs is a BYOB in Fairmount. The food is spectacular, which is why it is always packed. The owner and staff are friendly. Great atmosphere. A fun place to dine.What a wonderful meal!
I am so happy my boyfriend picked this as our Friday night date spot. I had never heard of Figs, nor had I ever had Moroccan food so I was twice as eager to check this place out. 
The restaurant is tucked into a cute little neighborhood and sits on the corner of a block. Inside, the decor is really cozy and we got seated close to the window.
Our server was Leyla (I'm probably butchering the spelling of her name and I'm terribly sorry) and she was fabulous. 
We started off with a couple appetizers: the Baked Brie in Clay Pot, the Mediterranean Tapas Plate and the Mussels. OMG! I particularly loved the grape leaves, but everything was delicious. 
As an entree, I got the Sesame Crusted Salmon (thank you Leyla for suggesting it) which was laying on top of garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus... I can't even tell you how good...
My boyfriend went with the King Shrimp over orzo and raisins with a curry sauce. His dish was definitely more adventurous than mine, but amazing nonetheless. 
We ended the meal with the brownies, which were probably a bit underwhelming compared to the rest of the meal, and a pot of their yummy mint tea - which I drank to the last drop!
The cherry on the pie? It's a BYO.
LOVED this spot and I hope to go back soon.I have been to Figs twice, and its a pretty good place. Neither visit has been perfect, but there have been good things about both visits. 
The first visit, I had a mako shark special with pineapple salsa, spinach, and vanilla rice. This was AWESOME. I highly recommend their seafood and anything with the vanilla rice. Another highlight was the eggplant appetizer and the grape leaves. Mmmm....
The one negative of this visit was that our part of 3 had a reservation that was not honored. We waited for about 30 minutes, then they tried to fit us into a table where we would basically be sitting in a line--not condusive to conversation. Eventually they found us a table and the meal was very enjoyable, but this was a major flaw in the service. 
The second visit, I had the shrimp with orzo. This was a little disapointing. The menu listed all sorts of lovely additions to the orzo (pine nuts, fruit, etc) but the dish that came out to me was fairly homogenous and did not live up to the description. 
Ultimately, Figs is a pretty good value and a nice neighborhood spot. I will probably go back for a third visit.Food:
I started off with the BEET SALAD which was remarkable.  It was comprised of a great deal of roasted red beets, haricots verts, greens and a very nice chalky goat cheese.  The harmony of flavors and subtle hint of figs in the fig-infused balsamic will encourage me to order this salad with every visit.
My girlfriend and I shared the SMOKED SALMON PIZZA which had a layer of pita, topped with hummus, smoked salmon, capers and red onion.  Simple, but very tasty.
For dinner, I had the LAMB SHANK TAGINE- braised lamb shank with vegetables and cous cous.  The lamb was succulent and fell off the bone with little effort.  A prominent saffron and citrus flavor emerged which was quite pleasant.  I enjoyed the texture of the cous cous, also.
Service:
In spite of the large volume and high energy environment, an older gentleman and woman kept our water glasses full and were quick to keep our courses moving along.  We brought two bottles of wine that were opened promptly, chilled appropriately and poured for us.  Our table was touched with every course.
Environment:
Very cute inside with old looking tables, Moroccan artifacts and a beautiful ceiling.  I also like that you can see the kitchen and smell the food cooking.
We were too full for dessert, but I will absolutely return to try a fig-related treat.  I plan on also giving their brunch a try.Figs is definitely a gem of a restaurant in our city! The place is very small, but the food is phenomenal! To date, I have tried plenty of items on their menu, incuding filet mignon, tuna, crabcake (seasonal)...they were all so delicious!! The price is VERY reasonable for the quality of food that you are receiving. Two things to know: it is a BYOB and they only accept cash. So if you are going there for a special event or just to have a relaxing evening, be prepared with those two things!This place was great. I came here with a friend for fairmount restaurant week. We arrived around 6:30/7- just in time to beat the dinnertime rush that came in after us. There was only 1 waiter working that night and he was zipping around like a busy bee. I tried the baked brie with honey and pita- it was good (not my favorite), a little too sweet but was a healthy portion for an app. My friend had the veggie flatbread; again good, but its been done before and I've had better. What made the night for both of us were the entrees. My friend had the tuna in the banana coconut curry sauce - AMAZING! And i had the crab stuffed sole with mushroom cream sauce- again, AMAZING! If you dont like mushrooms, then the stuffed sole is not for you (in which case I will gladly eat it for you). The banana coconut curry was a very mild, yet extremely flavorful accompaniment to the tuna. We finished off with fig and pistachio homemade ice cream. The fig was okay (6/10) but the pistachio was solid (8.5/10). I cant wait to go back and see what other treats this small byob holds!I live 2 blocks from the place and have been a few times; definitely recommended.  Dinner is the meal you go for.  Brunch is average at best.  The menu has very tasteful options and everyone I dined with really enjoyed their food.  I had a seafood medley bit in a curry.  Much better than I expected.  Brother had the tuna which was prepared rare and tasted fresh.  Shrimp dish was good.  Sorry, not the best review.  It was a few months back that I went but I remember being very impressed and looking forward to going back, if that helpsThe brunch option is delicious AND cheap. I had crab eggs benedict with fresh squeezed OJ. YUMMMMM. The poached eggs and English muffin never tasted so good. The home fries were yummy, too but it had a weird texture and color.
My cousin had build your own omelet with mushroom and cheese. That ruled as well. However, I failed to notice it until later on since I was aggressively digging into my scrumptious crab eggs benedict. 
Sat outside with my puppy - it was a wonderful Sunday brunch and I can't wait to go back for dinner sometime soon. It's a BYO - I got my malbec ready. 
P.S. It's CASH ONLY!!! Just sayin'.Im shocked this place isnt rated higher.  Perhaps I had a randomly good meal here, but I doubt it.
I was not expecting a ton from a place that has a 3.5 star average, but this is definitely my go to BYO from now on.
A group of 8 of us arrived at a pretty staggered pace and I was certain this would throw off/piss off the wait staff, but it did not.  We ordered some apps and the standouts were the smoked salmon and hummus (who knew) pizza.  Shockingly good.  The mussels were THE BEST mussels I have ever had.  People all across our table were vying for a chance to sop up that sauce.  I cant wait to get them again.
Entrees were all very good. My favorites were the tuna and the strip steak.  Both were so flavorful and perfectly cooked.  I am usually not a big group kinda eater because generally someone gets cold food or something that was sitting under heat lamps forever.  Everyone at our table was stoked to find that their dishes were fresh, warm and delicious.    
Definitely try the fig and pistachio ice creams.  SO GOOD!
Plus its a BYO, so if Im wrong, you still didnt kill your checking account.  Check this place out.This is a fabulous weekend brunch spot. I truly recommend anything on the brunch menu, as it's all fantastic. Also try the mint tea, sweet. It's like heaven in a little tin pot. Cash only, and the space is cramped, but if you can get past that it's a gem.My friend and I love going to different BYOs every time we meet up. We settled on Figs since she had moved to the Fairmount area, but unfortunately it was snowy when we went and the roads around here are not very well plowed or shoveled.  When we arrived, we were kind of surprised by how romantic this restaurant is and very quiet (almost too quiet) even though there were a couple tables in the small restaurant. 
We started with the tapas plate with tzatziki, baba ghanoush and stuffed grape leaves. They were served on one plate and some were different temperatures. It made me wish they were separated into little dishes or something. Nonetheless it was a good array of Mediterranean flavors. 
For our entrees, I got the filet mignon with gorgonzola. The meat was cooked a perfect medium-rare and the flavors went nicely together. The onions sounded exciting but were less than so in execution. My friend got the crispy duck, and she really liked the bread pudding that accompanied it. After dinner we caved and got dessert, but it was so unmemorable that I can't even remember what we chose.In short, best BYOB in fairmount. I had a special the 3rd time in... Stuffed salmon with vanilla risotto and a sour glaze. Cooked perfectly, I didn't want it to end, so I ate it very very slowly..... Drove my family crazy.Great food, great price! Just be sure to bring cash. (Cash only) I had brunch here and there was a party celebrating a baby shower. They brought champagne so it must be BYOB. Try the lemon aid with mango sorbet for a sweet treat!Decent Moroccan byob in the Fairmount neighborhood. I really liked the appetizers we got. Baked brie with honey and almonds and smoked salmon pizza with hummus. Both were delicious and perfect portion sizes. However, the entrees take a backseat to the apps. I had the sesame encrusted tuna in sweet and sour sauce with wasabi mashed potatoes and sautéed spinach. It was good. Not great, but above mediocre. My wife had the swordfish in date BBQ sauce. Date BBQ just sounds amazing but this sauce needed more date and less BBQ. It was too heavy.I was a big fan of Figs until recently. Apparently the owner went to Morocco and left Chef John in charge of the place. This chef was very nasty and inhospitable...this is in direct contrast to the warm hospitality that we have always received there...We went to Figs for our friends birthday party--reservations are recommended on the weekends. They were very accommodating for our large party (9!) in such a small space. They put a little candle in my friend's dessert, so much nicer than having 9 bored waiters at a chain restaurant come over with half-hearted birthday singing.
We ordered several of the appetizers--they were all delicious. My favorite was the beet and haricot vert salad with goat cheese. I ordered the seafood mascarpone saffron risotto. I'm usually not a fan of scallops, but these were prepared just right. 
Even though the restaurant was small, you really weren't aware of all the other diners, it was very cozy. Everyone was super satisfied with their food--we can't wait to go back and try brunch.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia!!!! It is a small and adorable byob with very cozy decor. I always get the ahi tuna which has never been anything short of amazing. The customer service is also wonderful. I always make my boyfriend take me here for every special occasion :)I was here for dinner with a wedding party so we had a fixed menu. Overall I liked this place a lot and the atmosphere had a great homey feel.
Appetizer:
I had the baked brie in a clay pot. It looked delicious but unfortunately it was way too sweet (honey was included). I did enjoy it but if i tried to finish it I would have felt sick. Next time id probably try something else.
Dinner:
I had the indonesian seafood orzo. The shrimp and clams were pretty tasty. The scallops sorta lacked flavor unfortunately. Overall it was pretty good.
Dessert:
I had the fig ice cream. I figured you cant come to a restaurant named figs and not try something with figs. The ice cream was pretty good but not totally amazing. I dont think it was their fault, i think its just that fig ice cream can only be so good probably.Went here for brunch with my boyfriend two days ago and could not believe how cheap this place was! I got an omelette with ham, spinach and goat cheese which came with a side of potatoes, four pieces of toast, and a hearty salad for $7.50!! The omelette was delicious, and potatoes were more mashed than they were home fries, but I really loved them. Fresh cracked pepper on everything was a really nice touch too!
My boyfriend got the french toast, which I did not try as he devoured it quickly, but it looked amazing!!
Coffee was also really delicious here! Almost had a chocolately flavor to it.
I've also come for dinner here before and was blown away by the seared tuna and the duck, and for appetizer: baked brie with lavender, honey, and almonds. Purrrrrrfection! Can't wait to make this a regular hang out with my friends!
Cheap, BYOB, and absolutely coming again!!And for my 300th review I am dishing out 5 stars in the city of brotherly love!  Went to this BYOB with my friend over the weekend and loved it!  Figs has really delicious food, is well priced, no corkage fee, takes reservations and has great service.  Beware they only take cash.  There are 4 tables outside and we were lucky enough to score one!  We got the scallops and baked brie appetizers and I got the ginger salmon main course - all superb!It's a small, cozy BYOB with a limited menu but everything on the menu is sure to please! We have taken friends and family there many times and they always rave about it. It gets crowded so make a reservation, they have always done a great job honoring our reservations.Had dinner here last night, beautiful food, there were 4 of us and the meat eaters found it very difficult to decide.  Love their Capri salad.  Service was good, there was await for our table which is understandable.  Definitely try to come back here.This place is amazing, we have been coming here for years and this place never dissapoints. Everything on their menue is delicious and the service is great, doesn't hurt that it's BYOB also :) One thing to note is they are cash only so make sure u are prepared.Overall good meal with hits and misses, but the fig ice cream and moroccan tea was the highlight. The brie appetizer was really good and my entree (the crab stuffed sole) was good, but I ate around the crab imperial....The sole was cooked well and a good piece of fish. 
BYOB but they don't chill anything there to my knowledge, so be mindful when deciding what to bring.
Parking is a huge pain, especially if you're used to residing in the 'burb like myself, so if you can find a spot-good for you! You deserve a medal! If not, there's a pay lot (that cost $13 for 2-12 hours but less if up to 2 hours) on 23rd and Fairmount which isn't too bad of a walk from the restaurant (weather permitting.)CASH ONLY, BYOB. We love Figs. We are neighbors and adore the lively murmur that goes on down below us. Wonderful service - the owner, Mustapha, and other waitstaff are very friendly people, and always accommodating. The decor is beautiful with warm colored walls of burnt orange, Moroccan-inspired light pendants, curtains and paintings. The food is delicious. Warm baked Brie in a Clay Pot made with Lavender Honey and Toasted Almonds, Seared Tuna with a Banana Coconut Curry Sauce, Steamed Mussels, Braised Lamb Shank Tangine with Cranberry Cous Cous, Dolmas (Stuffed Grape Leaves), Hummus, Baba Ghanoush..... The flavors and ingredients here are amazing and exotic.Great local place to check out near the Philadelphia Museum of Art. It was quiet when we arrived for lunch, but filled up nicely. The owner was friendly and doing the cooking and serving. The chicken and vegetable sandwiches were delicious as well as the starter plate of hummus, babaganoush and tzatziki with grilled pita was outstanding. Our sandwiches came with a small side salad and fruit salad. Portions were large and prices are low for the city. Cash only! The mango sherbet lemonade is killer on summer days!Great food. Was very quiet when we went in on Sunday for brunch. The omelettes were really good and were big enough that I was able to take half home. It feels very authentic in here. I've never had moroccan food so I'm not sure what to expect. But I thought it was great!Fantastic BYO in Fairmount. House Salad comes with goat cheese, best entrees include (not limited to) the Tuna, Salmon, Lamb- the specials are often a variation on the salmon, and great as well. The first time I was here, they had a pistachio encrusted salmon - one of the best meals I have ever had. Many of the dishes come with mashed potatoes which are the best as well. Some of the flavor combos might sound questionable when reading the menu, but all come together perfectly. Dessert- the creme brulee is a must, the ice creams are nice too. We got an apple cobbler once which did not disappoint. 
The staff is always friendly and helpful. No need for a sweater in the warmer months, generally they rely on leaving the door open for a breeze. Usually starts off quiet and then when the larger groups start getting close to the bottom of their wine bottles it gets a little noisy-not in a bad way though.
We come here often and will keep going back. Yes, cash only! 
Highly recommended!CASH ONLY, BYOB. We love Figs. We are neighbors and adore the lively murmur that goes on down below us. Wonderful service - the owner, Mustapha, and other waitstaff are very friendly people, and always accommodating. The decor is beautiful with warm colored walls of burnt orange, Moroccan-inspired light pendants, curtains and paintings. The food is delicious. Warm baked Brie in a Clay Pot made with Lavender Honey and Toasted Almonds, Seared Tuna with a Banana Coconut Curry Sauce, Steamed Mussels, Braised Lamb Shank Tangine with Cranberry Cous Cous, Dolmas (Stuffed Grape Leaves), Hummus, Baba Ghanoush..... The flavors and ingredients here are amazing and exotic .... (A palate I'm almost always craving, even in my own kitchen.) ... Currants and Raisins, Carrots and Beets, Dates, Challah, Honey and Figs, Apple Cider, Balsamic, Vanilla Rice and Chermoula... Herbs and spices like Cumin, Ginger, Cinnamon, Thyme, Garlic, Black Pepper, Cayenne, Lemon, Olive Oil.... *****Came here late one afternoon, the weather was amazing so we took advantage of the outdoor seating. The service was great and everything we ordered was delicious!
Caesar salad with chicken, the crispy duck breast, the charmoula chicken sandwich, and the Lemonade with mango sorbet, were all so good!
Parking was a bit difficult, but it's not stopping me from coming back!ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? Everything was amazing - bringing my own wine & beer!
The lamb shank was incredible. - salmon is delicious.
Appetizer: mussels are pretty good, Monk's are better, but the salmon pizza is great!
Cash only!!!! 5/5 - will be back again!I called at 6:45 and got a reservation for 7 on a Friday night, which was awesome. When we arrived, we got right in. Seating is intimate, and the service was prompt. Since it's a small place they want to have turn over, we had three courses in just over an hour, which was fast. The food was great! We had the baked brie, veggie lasagna, and tuna appetizer, then we split the pastasccio crusted salmom...it's hard to pick a favorite they were all good. Our dessert was the peach bread pudding with fig iced cream, which was decent, I'd try something else next time. Our entire bill with tip was $60, very reasonable....we will be going back again.Love this local restaurant! It's a great neighborhood byob. They are cash only as well. I have eaten here couple of times for dinner and once for brunch. I would recommend making reservations for dinner if you are planning to go on Fridays or on Saturdays. In addition to brunch on the weekends. I have never been disappointed with the meals. The food always tastes fresh and with lots of flavor.I've been here several times with friends and family, it never disappoints! We have tried most of the dinner entrees and they are all spectacular. We usually start off with either the baked Brie or the eggplant lasagna, and my favorite entrees will have to be the salmon and the swordfish. The restaurant itself is very intimate and I love how you can see the cooks making your food. Most recently, we tried their brunch and it was perfect! Definitely try the Moroccan eggs! Best of all, it's byob so bring your bottle of wine for dinner, or your champagne for brunch!Friendly people serving fresh and delicious food at fair prices. Breakfast, lunch and dinner; it's all good. The selection of fresh fish dishes for dinner are impressive, and so tasty. Love Figs!Cute little neighborhood spot not too far from the Philly art museums, with an interesting menu and cozy decor.
I've only been here for brunch -- the Moroccan eggs are tasty, as is the quiche. The omelets look pretty good as well. Excellent coffee, friendly service, good prices, decent-size portions.
I agree with another Yelper's comments about the hash browns being a little strange -- kind of like partly mashed potatoes -- but with a little pepper, they were fine.
This place is a fine choice if you are visiting the Philly Art Museum or the Rodin Museum (or soon the new Barnes Museum) and looking for a good local meal. Note that it's BYOB.Great neighborhood spot, intimate setting, and great food, most especially their filet is unbelievable!A friend and I were making a sojourn to Philly the release part of a great band (Arrah and the Ferns), so we thought we'd make a day of it and grab a meal before we drank too many Whiskey Gingers. She, using the magical power of yelp, found Figs.  Let's go.
The Atmosphere is charming though not terribly formal.  The restaurant is a large rectangle with collections of two people tables that are rearranged for different group sizes (maximum occupancy 30 people).  There's silver molding on the ceiling with burnt orange walls and enameled green tiles on the ground. 
I've had Moroccan food before (though it had been a number of years), but I must say, I was surprised at how subtle the food was.  Figs is about relaxed elegance.  Nothing I ate the entire time was aggressive or particularly demanding of my taste buds, though it was delicious.   Much use of spices like lavender and coriander that bring out unique flavors    
Easily, my favorite part of the meal was the Soup of the Day, a tomato and cucumber Gazpacho.  It was like a horiatiki (Greek Village Salad) is soup form.  The gazpacho's broth was light and clear (much like the juice left after a horiatiki salad) with large chunks of cucumber and diced red onion and red pepper in it.  It had a mellow acidity that I found pleasurable.
My friend, for her appetizer, ordered the Baked Brie in Clay Pot.  They clay pot is lacquered and fairly shallow, however, the brie is flavored with honey, lavender and toasted almonds so I didn't find I need more than a bit of those strong flavors.  My friend was gaga over the lavender, but I was more impressed how the honey incorporated with the brie.  The honey caused the brie to congeal a bit without making it difficult to spread like normal brie.  The combination of sweetness paired with the crunch of the unsalted almonds made me think that this appetizer may be better suited as a desert.   
Also served with the appetizers was a white bean dip with Baguette.  The dip was flavored with curry and coriander that left a floral heat dangling from the tongue for a few minutes after it was eaten.
After we finished our appetizers, kindly couple gave us a half-finished bottle of wine as they were leaving, aTerraza des los Andes Reserva Malbec 2007. (Remember: this is a BYOB restaurant) and while it was deliciously robust, it didn't pair well with our meal.
I had the "Angel Hair Pasta Greek Style wth Spinach, Feta, Roasted Roma Tomatoes, Kalamata Olives and Garlic Infused Olive Oil."  I decided to pass on adding either chicken or shrimp, but I found this dish filling if not satisfying. I expected this dish to be robust looking at the ingredients list, but was surprised at how restrained it was.  The Angel hair pasta was a respectable al dente and were thick enough that they didn't come off weak. The feta was imported and wasn't crumbly, salty or briny like most domestic.  The Roma tomatoes had been roasted with garlic, olive oil and parsley, giving them the consistency of stewed tomatoes but with more structure.  The Kalamatas had an appropriate zip, though they were cut into small pieces, the spinach was fresh and the subtle flavor of the garlic in the olive oil made this dish appropriate for a relaxed summer meal.  However, there were two downsides to this meal. It was a bitch trying to incorporate the toppings into the pasta.  This dish was served with the feta, tomatoes, spinach and olives served on top the pasta, which I thought was for presentation.  However, when I tried to mix everything together, the toppings would not penetrate the dense waves of angel hair!  This made it so my bites ended up being either pasta or topping.
The second problem was that I wasn't particularly satisfied by this dish.  Everything about this dish was nice but not particularly robust.  I was full afterwards but I wished for something a bit more savory or perhaps playful, instead of the restrained delicacy. 
My companion ordered Roasted Beet and Haricot Verts Salad with Aged Fig Balsamic Vinaigrette and Goat Cheese.  She seemed sent to the mood after eating this salad.  I tried a bite, and honestly, it seemed fine, though I have no comment on it.
Figs had a pretty routine selection of deserts (brownies, ice cream, cannolis).  We decided to try the Moraccan hot green tea (flavored with mint and sugar).  Like the rest of the meal with was relax and delicious.
You'll notice that I use the adjective 'relaxed' multiple times during this review.  I think that's the best way to describe Figs' food.  It thoughtfully compiled, though not particularly demanding.  I would say that this is a great meal for a low-pressure date or if you don't want the conversation to get about a comfortable whisper.Really not sure what the fuss is about here! I came here for brunch. There was only one other table, yet the service was horrible. The server barely grunted back when spoken to. We ordered the Brie, which was fine, but nothing to come back for. Our brunch came with "fresh" fruit which was slimy and rotten. The Cantaloupe and Honeydew melons were almost see-through. From the other reviews, it seems dinner is the best bet here, but I'm not willing to spend the money to find out.I have been away from Philadelphia for about a year but this was my favorite restaurant in the city - I could eat here every week and never grow tired. A very small neighborhood place in the Art Museum area they serve dinner & brunch.  They do take reservations which isn't always the case with BYOs. There are two down-sides which don't bother me that much, but might hinder others - parking is a pain and it's cash only. The menu is Moroccan inspired with lamb, shrimp, coucous, great flavors and auromatic ingredients. The service has always been fantastic an acommodating to my requests. It can get a little loud if there are big parties (as there really is only room for one large party). Definitely visit this restaurant, you have my word.Re: brunch. Sometimes patchy service, but, man, so good. And cheap, in comparison to your average nice brunch You can totally come for less than 10 dollars. Big fan of the egg BLT sandwich and the Morrocan Eggs. Most things come with potatoes and a little salad. I'm a fan.PROBABLY MY NEW FAV BYO IN PHILLY! (plus its also really nice when the wine and spirits store is only 3 blocks away ;) ) When you're looking to get fancy and turn down theres no better play to go.
Ordered: 
Hummus (Complementary)
Most interesting hummus I've had. Makes any other hummus just seem bland. They use a nice blend of spices that really does elevate the flavor, and make it orange ;) The bread was nice as well, fresh and lightly toasted.
Crab Stuffed Sole ($21)
I got the crab stuffed sole. Ingredients were fresh. The sole was ridiculously tender, fall apart in your mouth, buttery. The stuffing was a little too mashed potatoey, but still had a really vibrant crab flavor. Haricot Verts were present as well. Mine were slightly undercooked, but still pleasent. Overall dish rating: 4/5
Seafood Risotto ($24)
The aroma from leaving the kitchen was mesmerizing. Seeing this entire plate piled high with jumbo shrimp, scallops and mussels galore, For $24 this was a steal. I almost thought I ordered the wrong thing. Everything was cooked to perfection. The freshness of the seafood combined with the creamyness and savoryness of the risotto was amazing. Would definitely recommend. Overall dish rating: 5/5
Fig Ice Cream ($6)
What they're known for. We couldnt leave without trying it. Kind of like vanilla ice cream with fig chunks. Very smooth and creamy. Good quality ice cream. Nice aftertaste that lets you know it is fresh and figgy.
Would definitely recommend you come try this place out for yourself if you're in the area . I will most certainly be back.It's been over 10 years since I dined at Figs, and I'm surprised I didn't have memories of the delicious food.  For a laid back NYE dinner, Figs was available on short notice and they delivered.
The moroccan inspired menu featured whole fish, savory meats falling off the bone, duck, shellfish, as well as some vegetarian options.  Prices were reasonable; it's a BYOB.  I ordered the seared tuna special served on wasabi mashed potatoes.  The boo had salmon with shrimp, crab, and crawfish on top.  SO STINKING GOOD.  Having just gotten over a stomach bug, I was fully able to clean my plate.  It was the first plate I had cleaned in 3 days.  And I'm a cleaner.
The wait staff was extremely friendly and continuously assured us we'd be sitting shortly as we stood awkwardly in the vestibule.  I'd definitely return, especially with a group - can't beat a BYOB on a group dinner!
**Cash only**Long overdue praise.
Hands down the best food for the price in the neighborhood, brunch included.  Healthy and/or veggie options too.  Almost never had a bad meal there and I must have eaten there a hundred times since it opened.  Example: Soup at Figs? $5.  At Lemon Hill and Rembrandts? $10.  Equally (or more) delicious.  Excellent service too.
BYO and cash only.  The latter can sometimes be a pain, but if it keeps the prices down, I'm not going to complain!What a lovely find for me, my family and my business colleagues.  Last night I had clients here from out of town. When I last saw them, I took them to Audrey Claire, which if you read my prior Yelp was a tragic mistake.  I wanted our experience to be far better yesterday, so we had manicures, lunch, massages (read other reviews about those events) followed by dinner and a trip to the Philadelphia Art Museum to hear First Person Arts storyslams. 
My research found Figs and I thought it would accommodate the various eating habits of the guests: you know, one is vegan, one is on Atkins diet, one will eat anything that doesn't eat him first, and then there is always someone with allergies or strong dislikes.  Figs was just that.  The menu contains meat, seafood, and vegetable dishes. Plus, the wait staff, a wonderful woman who is from Morocco but speaks very clear and understandable English, helped us by asking the cooks what ingredients were used in certain items and making our meals deviate from that offered on the menu -- all without any qualms.  So , I could order the spinach over couscous minus the shrimp to avoid eating animals, and my colleague could order the salmon with extra asparagus but no mashed potatoes to skip the carbs.  
The staff and the menu were accommodating, but wait, there's more.  The food was delicious.  We ate every bite, well almost every bite before leaving. We were so full that I could not finish every vegetable on the Mediterranean Vegetable platter (probably because I had a fill of the bean dip with pita (we refused wonderful offers for more pita too) and the beet and haricot verts salad.  But, the food was so good, I got up this morning and finished it for my pre-breakfast snack!
The restaurant is pretty to look at, it was quiet and perfectly lit to give you the impression you were alone even though other customers were sitting nearby.  Best of all, when we asked for a receipt to get reimbursed for business expenses, the love waitress described above hand wrote the order a second time to give us an itemized list of foods. 
So, here you have it - a restaurant two blocks from the art museum that is good for people with all sorts of eating habits, people who just wanna have fun visiting our wonderful Philadelphia sites and people who want to entertain business colleagues -- all in one lovely place.Very cute and quaint place with great food! I highly recommend the Brie appetizer and the dead stuffed sole (although the sole was slightly on harder side)  but still very good. And very nice and attentive service! Highly recommend the place!We went here right before an Art After 5 event at the Art Museum and enjoyed a light dinner. It was SO hot outside, we didn't want to eat too much, so we ordered some salads and apps. I really like the baby greens with walnuts, gorgonzola and just the right amount of lemon-y vinaigrette. My partner had a salad with Romaine lettuce, shaved parmesan, and some Caesar dressing. This is one of those salads where the Romaine leaves come out whole, so it looks fancy, but it's just a bother to make it that much smaller to eat. Still tasty, though. We shared the pepper crusted scallop, which sat on this bed of yellow peppers, we think. Whatever they were, it was very good. Just enough spice to be flavorful, but not too much where I couldn't enjoy my other food. We also shared the Mediterranean tapas plate, which I asked for the baba ghanoush, hummus, and tzatiki. Their flatbread came out warm and toasted, just the way I like it. I should have done a bit of research b/c I didn't know it was CASH ONLY, luckily there was an ATM nearby. Oops! The cost is reasonable, the staff, is very pleasant, and the decor is lovely. I especially like the huge front doors and the light fixtures. I've never been to Morocco, but I feel like dining there brought me much closer.Consistently good lunches and weird dinners - not sure why. Maybe a different chef? I work nearby and continue to go for good lunches. The dollar value is good, but remember to bring cash!Who: Man and I and 2 bottles of wine
When: Friday at 7 PM
Reservations: Nah.
I can praise compensation, especially when food makes you forget about the the under air-conditioned restaurant and its NO air-conditioned bathroom (salient and pertinent facts on a humid, 90+ degree summer evening).
Talk about compensation; the lavender brie appetizer was by far the most taste-bud inspiring thing I've tasted on an appetizer menu. It was a heavenly combination along with sliced almonds, honey, and I wished it was in a pushed pastry rather than on pita bread slices. Still, I prolonged its existence on our table and deflected the server's 3 attempts to get cleared, even as he took away my nearly done entree. Man looked enviously at my rare tuna entree, which sat upon a garlic-y spinach bed and a foundation of mashed potatoes, made an island unto itself by the banana coconut curry. THAT was also good, much better than Man's lamb shank dish, a solid but unspectacular meal whose highlights were the aromatic couscous. 
Done speaking of the highs, I want to speak of one more speakable low: the mussel appetizer. Dried and shrivel, Figs threw away their potential; the grass was proven to be greener at Monk's/Belgian Cafe. Stomach space is precious real estate, and I could have gotten another 5 dollar heavenly brie for the nearly half the price of the mussels.Stop what you are doing and move to Morocco.
Okay, fine.  I realize that is not a reasonable request, but if the food at Figs is any indication of the fare there, Morocco just got added to my short list of places I need to visit. 
But for now, I can save myself the quadruple figure flight.  Thank you, Figs.
Baked Brie in Clay Pot - Fantastic 
Seared Rare Tuna - Fantastic
Angel Hair Pasta Greek Style - Fantastic
Sesame Crusted Salmon Filet - Fantastic
Crab Stuffed Filet of Sole in a Mixed Mushroom Cream Sauce - Fantastic 
Firecracker Sea Scallops and Shrimp - Fantastic
Whole Fish of the Day - Fantastic
Sensing a pattern?  Lest you think the fine folks at Figs are paying me off, I didn't think the mussels served in the Seafood Risotto were all that great and I think you can skip the Mediterranean Tapas Plate.  
But if you ask me about their brunch?  Fantastic.
Now to continue Pricelining a flight to Marrakesh...This used to be my favorite neighborhood spot.  Nothing has changed there...just not my neighborhood anymore (boo-hoo.)  It is still my favorite way to share a great meal/culture with a visitor.  Sometimes it gets a little noisy (people celebrating) but I consider that part of its ambiance.  The food offerings are luscious, with just the perfect mix of spices.  You can watch the chef prepare your favorites, always fresh, and I find the servers delightful.   During the warmer months you can sit outside and enjoy the people parade.  The BYO factor adds to the cost effectiveness.  Don't be intimidated by any parking issues.  Just be a grown-up and drive 'til you find one.  It is worth it.I love the family run, small business atmosphere and the service is excellent.
The "flavors are Morrocan influenced," but the flavor is not too ethnic. 
You should probably make a reservation ahead of time on a Saturday night, but I didn't have a problem making a reservation for two, 20 minutes before 8:00.
I had the baked brie in a clay pot for an appetizer - an easy 4.5 stars. I'd recommend it if you want to try something a little different. The char grilled chicken breast isn't anything special. I was more impressed with my fiance's seafood risotto.
Didn't stick around for dessert, but from what I saw everything looked delicious. Overall 4 stars. Price was fair, food was descent, and of course BYO. I'd recommend this place and I'd definitely go back.Went there this past weekend and had an excellent dinner.  What we ordered wasn't typically Moroccan - seared ahi tuna with wasabi mashed potatoes but it was delicious.  Had the baked brie for an appetizer which was also very good.
Service was friendly and the atmosphere was cozy.  The restaurant filled up and was a little noisy due to a large boisterous table of college students but not so loud that we couldn't easily talk.  
I would definitely come back here again to sample some other things on the menu.Came here again for dinner with the man friend And both of us were yet again pleased with our experience. 
I got the ginger plum salmon with grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes. While he got the date BBQ swordfish with vanilla rice and spinach. Both were really rich and well seasoned dishes that were incredibly tasty and complex. However, only complaint was that they were a but over sauced. And the sweetness made me want to squeeze a lemon over my fish. Will still be coming for dinner again though!!A traditionally decorated place on an inconspicuous corner run (at least when we were there) by a sweet older woman in a headdress.  Nice.  I'm in for some solid, perhaps more refined Moroccan food here, right?
Well...sorta.
Sesame crusted salmon?  Awesome.  Perfectly cooked.  Zero complaints.  But Moroccan? Nah.  Well...sorta.  The ginger plum sauce it's on certainly is, but otherwise this seems like an old American/Pan-Asian "standard" adopted because it would sell.
This trend of "typical" dishes (crab stuffed sole, crispy duck, seafood risotto, etc) with Northern African twists seems to be the trend here.  Is that bad?  No.  Do I wish the more traditional side of things came out here more (like in the braised lamb tagine over sweet couscous and veggies)?  Sure.  But was everything we had absolutely phenomenal?  Damn straight.
Sidenote: BYO and super low pricing here.  Brie in a clay pot for under $6, a meal for two consisting of roast lamb, brie, and salmon for under $50?  So many reasons to return.I'm not sure how I feel about Figs.  Don't get me wrong, I had quite a nice meal here, but for me to really recommend it to someone else?  I wouldn't necessarily advise against it, but it just isn't my first pick.
On a Saturday night a few weeks back me and my man were looking for a place to eat: local, BYOB, and... good.  Just to mention, give a call if you are going for a later dinner.  I believe they list 11pm as closing on a Saturday night, but when I called to make sure they were open at 8:30 I was told that they would be closing the kitchen within 45 minutes, which was a turn off for me.
The food was pleasant, the menu was interesting which for me was both great and made my dinner choice difficult (I want to try everything).  They bring over a bread with hummus, which was very nice.  We got the baked Brie with Honey for an app, which I did enjoy.  Both myself and the man got the Grilled King Shrimp.  I'm a lady who loves some spice and flavaaa, but the BF has the stomach of a newborn.  I thought it was mild and wonderfully flavored, after his first few bites ruled that it was a bit too spicy for him, but good enough that he battled through it for another few bites.
The food is pretty good, nothing out of this world, but solid.  The service is ehh.  The waitstaff are not rude, just not friendly.  Although as a whole I did enjoy the experience, I think it was a one time only event.Sometimes I literally dream about the sesame crusted salmon in the plum sauce, served over grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes.  I finally took the boyfriend to Figs, and he thought it was "really good" but he hasn't dreamed about it yet.  For shame.
Other things to get: brie with honey in a clay pot, duck with spinach & bread pudding, risotto.  Also their brunch is a little atypical, but still really great (fluffiest pancakes I've ever seen), BYO, and never has a wait like the other places in the 'hood.Very nice secret spot! We've been there many many times for lunch & dinner~ always delish!! Added bonus they make their own ice cream- pistachio is amazing!!! It's a must go to spotHad dinner here on a Saturday evening. Overall, I really enjoyed it and would easily come back again for solid food, BYO options, and fine service. The only issue we ran into in regards to service was strange: our server saw we brought a bottle of wine and just plopped a corkscrew down on the table for us to open it ourselves. I GUESS that isn't so terrible, but it was a turn off as the corkscrew we were given was super cheap and it left my date to try to open a slippery bottle of wine, with a shitty corkscrew, while seated in a restaurant. Kinda lame. 
After that, delightful. 
For appetizers we had the muscles and baked brie. The muscles were a teeeennny bit overdone I think, but still pretty good and I really enjoyed the broth. I don't understand baked brie and I never order it so I'm not the person to ask, my date seemed pleased with it though I don't recall any fruit or jam or anything else coming with it besides pita. 
I had crab stuffed sole  w/ potatoes and green beans, my date the swordfish with fig sauce. Mine was a nice plate and I always appreciate a protein/starch/veg in an entree. The fig sauce on the swordfish was a little heavy and the whole dish ate kind of sweet, but still okay. 
We ordered the homemade fig ice cream as well and it was awesome, thick and creamy with a really clean fig flavor.
I forget the actual total of the bill, but I recall being pleasantly surprised.Quite disappointing. On the plus side, this is an intimate, charming quiet, BYOB restaurant in an interesting neighborhood just blocks from the Philadelphia Museum of Art. We were greeted warmly and the service had a genuine, homey feeling.  However, the menu should have been a warning:  In what part of Morocco do they serve lasagna, risotto, mashed potatoes, or cannoli?  The staff all seemed to be Middle Eastern, but apparently don't care to share their native cuisine with their clientele.  The bread they served was ice cold.  I am puzzled by the average 4 star reviews and rather annoyed to have chosen the restaurant on that basis.Sorry to say, but this place is overrated.  At least for dinner.  From the past reviews, it would seem that brunch is far and away a better option, which I've yet to try.
I used to live a stone's throw from this BYOB, and I've had several friends on separate occasions enthuse about the food, prompting me to eat there more than a few times. Each instance has been progressively more underwhelming. Though the decor appears Moroccan in sensibility, Figs doesn't purport to feature exclusively North African cuisine. Still, the menu seems to be confused as to its culinary pedigree: baked brie, tuna sashimi, and gazpacho alongside lamb tagine (the best thing on the menu) and sesame-crusted salmon? Where's the b'stila, or chicken with preserved lemons? My last time there, it took forever to be served water and a little bread w/hummus, and strangely, no one offered to uncork our wine bottle. My eggplant lasagna appetizer was dry and overcooked, and my swordfish main was decent, but only just.
Their website claims that the owner M. Rouissiya often cooks, waits tables and chats with the clientele; I've never seen him once in all the times I've been there. (It's rumored he's a bit of a jerk in the way he treats his mostly Latino staff, anyhow.) In my opinion, the prices are not merited, given food this pedestrian. The mint tea's not even complimentary...Had a girls dinner here this past wkn and the food was amazing, thinking about it now is making me drool. This is such a cute little Moroccan restaurant in Fairmount Philly! I had a great time. 
1. It's byob! Bring as many bottles as you want. However, they only have enough wine glasses for the table and so don't expect them to give you an extra glass. Weird I know. 
2. The food, was amazingggggg! The portions were huge. We had the lamb shank and seafood risotto, I would definitely get both again, amazeballs guys, amazeballs. Must get! 
3. Service was fair and flexible, we were 30 mins late on a Saturday for 3 people and they still accommodated us! 
4. Cash only yall! But totally worth it. The prices = very affordable.I came here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. I was surprised at how cheap it is for how much food you get. I got a make-your-own omelette with goat cheese, tomatoes, and spinach. It was delicious. The coffee was good as well. As others have mentioned, it is cash only so keep that in mind. I'm excited to go back for dinner some time.Definetly a great place for date night! There was plenty to chose from and was satisfied with what I had chosen which was the salmon, mash potatoes and spinach !! Highly recommend this placeC'mon, Figs - I know you can do so much better.
I really wanted to like this place because it's in my neighborhood, it seems to be loved by the neighborhood, I've heard from friends that the dinner is great, and the previous Yelp reviews have been very positive.  There were some really lovely regulars in the restaurant chatting with one another.  The decor is beautiful.  Our waitress was sweet.  So much potential!
So it's Sunday brunch, party of four - two of us ordered the BLT, and the other two ordered build your own omelets.  The BLT is comprised of: a large buttery croissant, wilted lettuce served under scrambled eggs, Hollandaise sauce, tomato and turkey bacon.  It's a mushy, tasteless messy sammy that you eat with a fork + knife.  And it came out to the table about room temp.  It seemed very carelessly prepared.
The build-your-own omelets were fine, unimpressive, not well seasoned...but they were hot, which was an improvement over the BLT.  The potatoes weren't bad - a tad mushy, but well seasoned.  
The coffee was overly bitter, but maybe it was a bad batch (trying hard to give them the benefit of the doubt).
HOWEVER - it's cheap as chips there, and it's a real neighborhood joint.  I'd go again to cure a bad hangover maybe - the pancakes looked tasty. It's just not the treasure that I read it was, sadly.  With such a simple menu (read: not much selection), you've got to be able to execute everything you're offering.
I think maybe they've stopped paying attention to quality, or maybe the kitchen was having a bad day.  We went somewhere else after to satisfy our craving for tasty food.This place is awesome.  Absolutely great food, affordable, cool atmosphere, and BYOB!!  I definitely recommend this place!
The Baked Brie with lavender and honey appetizer was awesome.  I had seared tuna in a coconut curry sauce for dinner which was phenomenal. I forget what my wife and friends had but we all really liked our food.
If you're going on a weekend you should probably make a reservation.  The only downside I found with this place is that they only accept cash and don't have an ATM machine nearby.  But that's just a minor inconvenience that the quality of their food definitely trumps.Food is delicious and CHEAP! I had an omelette with spinach, feta, and turkey bacon. It came with potatoes and toast. I believe it was $6.50. Staff was very kind and attentive. Definitely will return!A great small cozy corner brunch spot. The service is excellent and the food is plentiful with decent pricing. The Moroccan tea is one of my personal favorites.The service is downright horrible. I've been to Figs twice and the service was not great the first time and it was just blatantly awful on Friday night. I was told it was a 10 minute wait for 2 over the phone, made the reservation, and ended up waiting 30 minutes with a table open for 4 staring at us the entire time. The waiting period was brutal since the restaurant is small with no real waiting area and the place was packed. The male server seemed annoyed that we were awkwardly maneuvering around him and the tables and made that clear with his service to us. Once we finally sat, he said nothing to us, opened our wine, left and came back saying "You ready??" No hello, no sorry for the wait, nothing. I'm not asking for special treatment... just good old courtesy would have been nice. We ordered the baked brie, salmon pizza, apple walnut salad, and seafood risotto all of which were good, but the food was overshadowed by the service. After receiving our check and trying to finish our wine, awful waiter comes back and barks to us "We need to close the check. We are closing." It was 10:40, people were still eating, and they close at 11. He sucks. I will not be coming back.Came here for lunch. The place was pretty much dead, and yet the service was awful and impersonal. The food was barely edible. I don't understand the hooplah over the Brie. It was bland and sticky. I'm middle eastern and I grew up with Moroccan friends. This, my dear Yelpers, wasn't Moroccan cuisine.My husband and I visited Figs on a Saturday night at for dinner. When we arrived the restaurant was not that busy, so we were seated right away. The hostess was super sweet and friendly. 
Byob is a a major plus, but neither of us were thrilled with our food selections. We started with the Brie app. It wasn't bad. For dinner I had the stuffed cod, and it was super salty!!  My husband had the steak, and it also wasn't bad, but he didn't really like it. 
We really wanted to love this place because it is close to home, the menu sounds fantastic, and it is Boyb... so maybe we were hoping for to much.I came here with my family and we were all impressed. The food was so good and the atmosphere was spectacular! Would recommend.This is a cute little restaurant up in the Art Museum area. I recomed giving it a try if you've never been. I wasn't too impressed with the food, but is is worth a visit.
The interior dining area is a bit small, but there are a few tables outside for the warmer months.
I recommend trying the Baked Brie With Honey, Lavender, Toasted Almonds & Pita Bread, which is served in a clay pot ($5). The kitchen is visible from the dining area and the owner is always in the dining room talking to customers.This is my longtime favorite BYO! I've been going since 2009 and loving it since my first taste.
Amazing food (lavender honey baked brie and Crispy Duck with fruit bread and spinach are impeccable and guarantee a great night), family run and their staff  always remember my order perfectly. Atmosphere is like dining in someone's warm and inviting kitchen. Lovely all around.
BYOB Cash Only, located on a quiet corner in the Art Museum area, great for walking to and from on warm evenings.North African-influenced, but basically mainstream cuisine in a cute, cozy, storefront restaurant on a corner in the Art Museum district. It gave me a restful feeling inside, under the awnings protecting us from late-spring evening sunshine. Service was good, a cooler was immediately available for our BYO white wines, and the three couples relaxed, laughed, and had a good time without affecting any other diners and without being affected by other diners. Not a given in a smaller restaurant space like this one! Even with the BYOB status, dinner came to $80 per couple including the tip they automatically put on for parties of six or more. I wouldn't say the food offered anything great, but it was very competently prepared and the evening was enjoyable. It is hard to separate that last fact from what I am ranking about the restaurant in a pure sense, if that is coming through. This is probably a 3.5 review and for me the pleasant atmosphere was Figs' biggest attraction. CASH ONLY!I went here after spending the day at the museum and it made complete. The place is small and intimate and so pleasant was the service that the chef/owner made it a point to visit all a few times while there. I was impressed with my food as well, I had a beet/bean salad along with the hummus/yogurt/baba tapas spreads. i also sampled my friends dishes . . .very impressive. The fig ice cream sealed the meal. Moroccan  contemporary infused fare, with the right amount serving size. Wish I had this in my hometown.It's a trek to get to Figs from my house in South Philly, but it's worth it! 
What I like the most: The tin roof, the build your own omelet (I go for goat cheese, tomato, and spinach), the kind and lovely server who attends the whole restaurant, the sunlight streaming in,  the bread pudding, the paintings in the bathroom.... there's a lot to like. 
I went there for my birthday this year and they put some candles in our desserts. A nice little touch.Cash only BYO with lots of charm and adds to the diverse cuisine in Fairmount.  The food is Mediterranean/Moroccan.  We walked in without a reservation on a week night and it was not a problem.  My main course, the sesame crusted salmon filet was above average, but not all that memorable, however, I still think about the baked brie with the lavender accent.  Delicious.Why haven't I been to this little gem before??  The food is so delicious.  I repeat: SO DELICIOUS.  I had the sesame crusted salmon, and my boo had the swordfish and both were melt-in-my-mouth good.  The hummus was good, baba ganoush was meh--nothing to write home about but dayyyyuuummm the fish was so good.  
It's cash only and they don't have an ATM machine, so that can be inconvenient if you don't know going into the evening--luckily there are plenty of ATMs on fairmount ave to hit up if you're cash-less.  
Love that it is BYOB.  This is a really good date spot too, it's pretty intimate.  That being said, because its small if there is a rowdy group in there you'll have a hard time hearing yourself think.the place is very nice and cozy. is a BYOB place so be creative!. the risotto was delicious, too bad my friend share just a tase of it, when I asked for more he had already finished. My boyfriend and the lamb got the 2nd place in flavor and I got the duck which was also very good. The lady that was serving the food was moroccan. That gave the certainty that flavors were authentic 
Don't forget to save space for dessert or you'll regret.This is one of my favorite restaurants. Great people and amazing food. For brunch I recommend the crab eggs benedict, and for dinner the duck. Both are fantastic. BYOB and cash only.Figs.
Aptly named since the fig ice cream here is really something extraordinary. A wonderfully rich fuscia-purple blend, it's speckled with presumable fig bits. It's not overly sweet, but offers an exaggerated flavor of the loved winter ficus fruit.
The baked brie with lavender honey sauce comes with pillowy pita. It's warm, cheesy and slightly sweet, without the heart attack inducing over decadence that often accompanies a too large mound of baked brie. There isn't honey oozing everywhere, and there's not enough of it to overpower the essence of natural brie. The dish is served in a shallow ceramic skillet, with just enough cheese to please and the right amount of honey to add that special zip, zing, magic.
The roasted vegetables with couscous is what it is. The dish assumes nothing more than humble fire charred veggies served over a billowing bed of tender couscous. The grain itself is interspersed with golden raisins and bits of sun dried tomato - though just enough for seasoning, and not enough to dissuade aldosterone from performing its duties.Went here with a group of my friends, and it was not a pleasant experience. There is only one guy to serve, and he is not friendly at all, not rude though. We asked for extra bread, we were 8 people and he gave 3 pieces. Prices are very hight compared to the serving size. Another thing and probably the most important, they only accept CASH, which is so bad. They are right across Philadelphia Art Museum and don't accept cash!!??Love this place. A group of friends and I always book a table after a museum event. From the very warm and friendly service to the minty Moroccan tea finish and especially everything in between, this slightly hidden jewel is a winner. Now that I have been here many times, I usually take on one of their specials, which usually is just as delicious or better than my companions' dishes. The flavors are amazing and the portions are just right. This BYOB has a great atmosphere and is among the first on my mental speed dial. Oh yeah, I highly recommend the salmon pita pizza as an app...Sooooo good!I really have no choice, but to give figs 5 stars. I know I said I don't do that..but I guess this is a case for the exception.
Figs is a Moroccan owned middle east style fusion restautrant.  The food was fantastic!
Decor: It's not overly styled in middle eastern decorations because I suppose they don't want to give the impression that is a middle eastern only style food place. Nice wooden tables..nice chairs and pleasent artwork.
Service: Elham was our server. She was polite and knowledgeable and very nice. 
Food: The opening tapas of homous/babaganoush and Tsaki sauce with pita was a great way to start off. The babagonoush was exceptional. And they served seasame bread with a bean paste before the apps ever hit the table. My Uncle got the specal; a baked stuffed salmon on blanched spinach and garlic mashed potatoes. The dish was cooked perfectly and the whole dish was flavorful and exactly what you'd expect for the "special" of the day. I had the risotto. Let me say that a different way..I had the seafood RISSOTTO!!! It was AMAZING...It will be hard for me to return there and try other items on the menu as this dish was awesome. I almost felt like NOT dabbing my mouth with the napkin because I didn't want to waste any of it! The shrimp mussels and scallops were fantastic and the marscapone added th perfect texture. I was very pleased. Risotto isn't just something you throw together...you've gotta have some talent to make this dish..and the dish was great!
Dessert: Not too many Moroccan choices for dessert...but the fig ice cream and the Cappucinno were good. It would have been nice to have some baklava or something like it on the menu.
All in all?  GO TO FIGS if you want your moneys' worth.Absolutely fantastic dining experience. Two friends and I came here for my birthday last week. We brought two bottles of wine (its BYOB, which we thoroughly enjoyed). We ordered the baked Brie and smoked salmon pizza appetizers, both of which were divine. The baked Brie was covered in warm lavender honey and sliced, toasted almonds and served with pita bread. Absolutely incredible. The smoked salmon pizza wasn't a typical pizza. It was served on pita bread with capers and onions. I'm usually iffy on smoked salmon but this was incredible - so much flavor! Moving on to the main course, we were all thoroughly happy with our meals. I ordered the seafood risotto and it was absolutely amazing. The base was mascarpone and it was unbelievably creamy and delicious. The mussels were probably the best I've ever had, and I'm from New England! All of the ingredients tasted super fresh and distinct, a clear sign that it was fresh made. The restaurant was served by only one woman, but she did an excellent job of giving us all the service required without smothering us, like some waitstaff do. I genuinely think I would go back to Philadelphia just for this restaurant.Figs is okay... but when I really want Moroccan, unfortunately, this is not the place I go. They just don't have the selection. Not a bastilla in sight!  The seared ahi and wasabi mashed is great though!!  Really weak amount of feta in the salad was disappointing too :(A solid dining choice within walking distance of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
The grape leaves were excellent!  We loved the hummus and pitas.This place is one of my favorite brunch spots! There's never a wait and it is super cheap. I always get the build your own omelet, which is great because you can load it with tons of veggies. It's also BYOB so bring some champagne and you can order oj for mimosas! It's family owned and the servers are usually the husband/wife that own the restaurant, they're very sweet and attentive. I'm not a big fan of the bacon, I think they only have turkey bacon and not pork bacon - but other than that it's great! Like other reviewers mentioned, it's cash only so make sure you hit up the ATM before you go.I went here for a late dinner on New Year's Eve.  I had the rare tuna with coconut curry and my friend had the crispy duck.  We shared the lavender baked brie as an appetizer.  The appetizer was amazing as I remembered.  We both LOVED our entrees.  I only wish I had room for dessert.  Despite being a busy night with a packed restaurant, the staff was friendly, attentive, and the service was efficient.  Cannot wait to go back!Figs is a great little BYO that is reminiscent of something you may find in the East village. It is authentic Moroccan cuisine with a little American flair. I love that when you bring your wine in they hand you a wine key since they are not allowed to touch any alcohol due to being Muslim. I hope they still do that... The food is always done right and I always loved the brie in a clay pot with nuts and honey served with fresh and usually hot bread. I find it a little weird that they serve rare tuna with wasabi and seaweed but I chalk it up to them trying to cater to everyone which makes it even more charming.  I do not eat lamb anywhere except here and I absolutely love their lamb stew over cous cous. A other one of my favorites would be any whole fish special. They never disappoint in my opinion. It can get loud if there is a big party and sometimes it feels very small when it's a busy night. I always felt like I was in someone's living room and they just threw tables in the middle of the house (essentially that's what it is). In the winter it can be quite warm in the restaurant. It gets stuffy on a Saturday night in January at eight pm. so be prepared to sweat a little. It can be very awkward but that's what makes it reminiscent of NYC and true byobs. I like this place for a second or third date because it's too loud for a first date. Food is the most important and like I said it has always been very good. I like the mint tea for desert and if they have it I go for the fig ice cream.Yum Yum Yum! Instead of a main course I had a slew of apps. The tapas plate was a big thumbs  up and the waitress was nice enough to bring us an extra helping of bread. My friends meal looked incredibly delish (crunchy duck) while I had the filo triangle with spinach (the best!), salmon pizza (meh), eggplant lasagna (thumbs up!) and the special salad (mango!). Needless to say, half came home with me.
It's BYOB and Cash only. It's incredibly priced-so good for so little! I can't wait to go back.
Our waitress was incredibly patient, kind and helpful. Is it time to go back  yet?Yum! So delicous, I would recommend a reservation weekends though. The staff was very friendly, they were available whenever needed. I had the seafood risotto and I would recommend it to all seafood fans. Parking is an issue be prepared to drive around for awhile and most likely have a few blocks walk. It is byob and cash only.Delicious. A bit of a weird mix of foods... middle eastern and then a few menu items that didn't seem to quite fit but everything we had was delicious. The jumbo shrimp entree was incredible. Nice small neighborhood ambience.If you're in the Fairmount area and are looking for a great meal, this is the place to go. I've been here about three times and each time I'm shocked at the quality of food--it's absolutely incredible! 
For an appetizer I'd suggest getting the baked brie, it very well may be the best thing I have ever tasted and it's the perfect starter for a meal. (In addition to the white bean dip and bread that's provided for free--and that's good too).
As for entrees my two standouts were the seafood risotto and the crab stuffed sole. I cannot say enough good things about these two dishes, just get them, you'll thank me later.
Dessert wise---go for the fig ice cream, it is to die for! Very unique, light flavor and the perfect ending to a dinner.
Oh, and this place is BYOB so you always get out of here with a reasonable check. Perfect, perfect, perfect! I could talk about how much I love this place for days.The table ordered:
brie in the clay pot
special salad with pineapple-very good
lamb
3 shrimp with angel hair
filet
2 sole stuffed with crab meat
everything was delicious.  The waiter was very helpful and attentive.
A place my family loves to go back to every few months!I went to Figs with 5 others for a birthday celebration. We had a reservation but were all running late and I was worried we were going to lose our table, so I was really relieved to find the owner so understanding and our table available. We ordered the smoked salmon flatbread, veggie flatbread, Figs sampler and baked Brie for our appetizers - all very good. I had the sesame salmon and it lived up to the other rave reviews; great flavor and the sides were yummy too. Thanks yelpers for the tip!
You'd think we'd be full after all that but you'd be wrong because we ordered dessert as well - the double chocolate dessert (which was more like a mousse than a brownie) and the bread pudding, which was absolutely delicious. And then I went home and passed out on my couch in a very content food and red wine coma because I love BYOs. The end!Very cozy and romantic date spot. BYOB as well. Great service, cash only, and good food if you like Moroccan. Very tiny, however, so putting in a reservation is recommended.I love Figs!  The atmosphere is so warm and cozy, and the service was great. We got the scallop appetizer, which had four scallops! I have  gotten less than that elsewhere for an entree. Great meal and would certainly go back.Friendly environment and the food was great.  The proportions aren't outrageously large, and the prices are fair compared to other places around the neighborhood.
The service was hard to judge considering it was extremely busy with people waiting outside, but some of the food came cold, and other requests for water, coffee, and to fix the lopsided table went either unnoticed or forgotten about.  With the amount of people there, and only 1 server, it was forgivable, and after a request for warmer potatoes they promptly brought them out.
Just remember, bring cash! No credit cards.Fantastic food! Great service from mustafa and staff for our group of 8. Loved the duck, beet salad, mushroom soup, and all our appetizers. Parking was tough due to eastern penn Halloween event, so mustafa found us a place.  He really took care of our group and brought us a bday surprise.I think I ordered the wrong thing because it looked and was pitiful. 
The service is super friendly and feels like a family operated business. Which also brings to light how badly trained the servers are.  They are painfully slow-- I'm hungry!Hahaha I love that Steve B. put this in his review:
"MPORTANT - The door is really hard to open and makes people look stupid when they try to get in for about 30 seconds.  Just grab the handle and throw a shoulder into it."
Very good advice. You should also know that Figs is cash only. 
Went here for dinner earlier in the month. It was good but a little expensive. The baked brie appetizer was wonderful. For entrées the vegetarian options were extremely limited so I had to get the Greek-style angel hair pasta. My girlfriend had the char grilled chicken and we both enjoyed our food. The waiter was nice but not very good. He didn't notice that we only had one silverware setting until we got the entrées and had to request another. Water refills were pretty much non-existent despite the restaurant being 2/3 empty. I don't think I'd go back for dinner (mainly because I'm vegetarian) although I'm interested to check out the brunch based on Yelp reviews.My sisters and I came here for dinner one night when we were all in Philly together. We came here with high hopes and left not that pleased. It is BYOB which is really nice but the food didn't live up to our vision. We each had a different fish dish and they all were lacking flavor and pizazz. The Brie appetizer was actually the best thing we ordered for the meal which is pretty sad because it's literally Brie baked with fruit preserves and bread- whomp! There was also one server for the entire place which was more then packed! He was great and nice but so overwhelmed that he simply could not provide good service to every table. Maybe we will give it another try but not before I try a few other byobs by my sisters apartment in the area.This is the best byob I've been to in a long time! I went for my birthday last night and I loved the small cozy atmosphere and Moroccan decor. I ordered the rare tuna with garlic mashed potatoes...they did not mess around with the garlic in those potatoes but it was still wonderful. My boyfriend got the lamb shank and it was jam packed full of flavor. The portions are generous. The only downside to the place is service isn't fantastic. Our server wasn't very attentive and he didn't really answer any of the questions we had about the menu. I asked him if he preferred the tuna or the swordfish and he looked at me like I was crazy and said they are too different. It was like I asked...what's better apples or chocolate bars?? Don't let that scare you away though! I will be back for a another satisfying meal.Figs is a great Fairmount BYO. It is family run, and is operated with a small kitchen in the back. While I've had mediocre dinner experiences, their weekend brunch makes me forget about some of the cons.
Pros:
BYO
Simply the best Eggs Benedict I've ever had
Solid other brunch dishes
Not expensive
Baked Brie in a Clay Pot
Cons:
Mediocre dinner
Scallops did not taste fresh
Is usually pretty empty during the week, so you're generally eating alone
I recently moved out of the area, but will keep coming back for the Eggs Benedict. Not so much for the dinner.Totally awesome. I went with a group of rowdy girls, probably annoying the crap out of all the other diners, as the acoustics in the place make it a little loud when it fills up. We ordered the flat bread with dippers and the famous lavender honey brie - the former was pretty standard, the latter was ah. maz. ing. It was different than I expected - a little reminiscent of gulab jamon, actually - but so yummy. I got the duck , which I decimated in about 37 seconds. The sauce was awesome, and it was served with spinach and fruit bread pudding. It was sweet and savory goodness. 
It's a little on the expensive side, but the service was prompt and friendly. I will def be back for dinner, and brunch.Good food, AMAZING prices, and great atmosphere, but not an ideal place for the winter- the layout of the restaurant makes it so that whenever anyone opens the door, the entire restaurant gets cold/breezy. Come in layers, I say!I love the appetizers here!  In fact, when we come here, we aways order more than can be humany consumed in a singe sitting because we can't make up our minds.  The baked brie is my favorite, though; it's served with pita in a cay pot with a wonderful mesh of honey, almonds, pine nuts, spinach, and just a hint of lavender, and it is just delicious. Trust me. The peppered scallops with creamed spinach were also very good, as was the hummus and smoked samon pizza, which came with red onions (love the red onions!).  The lAmb shank entree was good but the meat was just slightly tough. The couscous was just fantastic, though; it was tender, fluffy, aromatic, and flavorful without going overboard on olive oil.  The tea was great, and the baklava was delicious with flaky pastry layers and a perfectly sweetened filling full of nuts and fruit. Service was friendly and the seating quite comfortable. It's a great place to grab a reasonably priced meal with good service and a wide range of different flavors.Friendly, casual Mediterranean place with a Moroccan accent on some dishes. Byo and cash only. My favorite entrees are lamb shank and swordfish with an incredible fruity sauce. The gazpacho is great in the summer. Prices are reasonable and the service is attentive and capable. Difficult neighborhood for parking so walk or Lyft/Uber if you can.Went for lunch and the menu was fine.  Had the crabs benedict.  It was reasonably priced, but the crab was nothing to write home about.  Plus, portions were small -- I felt a bit hungry after and I am a fairly light eater.  Also, this place is cash only, which is a definite minus in my book.The food was OK, but I had a shock at the end when I learned that they don't take credit cards, and they don't provide printed receipts.  This was a bit of a problem as my dinner and desert came out to $31.  I had the cash but had to stop by the ATM on the way back to my hotel.  If I was paying for two I wouldn't have had enough money.  A restaurant with $20 entrees should not be cash-only.This is one of my favorites in Philly and Philly has many amazing restaurants!  It is incredibly cozy and authentic.  It is quite small so reservations are a must during busy hours, but it is worth the trip, the food is excellent!Food is great!! We got the delicious baked Brie appetizer and two superb entrees. Short wait time and delicious food wld have us coming again. The only thing which pinched me was it turned out to be an expensive affair for only 2 appetizers and 2 entrees -especially given the fact it is cash only! Wld probably think abt going there again simply coz the food was good...The food was really good. I created my own omelette. It was very well priced and came out very fast. You get a good amount of food for your money. It is cash only, so make sure you bring it with you. I would definitely go back there and recommend it.  Also, if you don't eat pork, they have turkey ham for an option for their breakfast which is nice. I always want meat with my breakfast, but don't eat pork.Went there on a Saturday night. Finding street parking was a little painful but not impossible. This is a very cute small restaurant with an open kitchen and friendly faces. The menu has many great options. I ordered the baked brie cheese appetizer which wasn't what I was expecting but was ok. We were a group of three and wanted to share the food. Ordered lamb shank, the chicken and swordfish. Lamb shank was just too good. The rest of the entrees were not bad either but lamb shank was amazing. The time when we got there , it was not too crowded but then it started getting packed and the noise level went beyond 100 decibel and became really bothersome. That is the only thing which I didn't like about this place. Oh and yes this place only accepts Cash, there is an ATM right outside in case you need it. I would go back to have some more of that lamb shank.Highly recommended! Especially the lavender almond Brie appetizer!! BYOB and delicious homemade food!! Staff was very friendly. Loved it here and will be back soon!Really wanted to like this place more. 
Pluses: we were seated right away for our reservation time. The service was courteous and prompt. The desserts were delicious (fig ice cream and creme brûlée). 
Minuses: the lamb, which on the menu looks amazing, came out grossly under seasoned and a bit more gamey than I like.  The portion was generous enough but it just wasn't savory enough.  For a $23 dollar entree, I was disappointed and this brought down the entire experience. 
Maybe next time Figs...Figs is delicious! The ambiance is fantastic and the service is competent although laughably brusk (we asked the boy who poured our water what the spread was that came with our bread and he said 'white beans' and then we asked what it was called, and with not a little annoyance he said 'white beans' - it was hilareous...my father asked for bread before we ordered and our waitress treated him like a naughty child - 'no bread until you have ordered your dinner!'). Regardless, I ordered the apple, walnut salad, the baked brie and a lemonade. I have been drinking lemonade for years, and nothing has ever come close to being this delicious! The baked bried was made with honey, almonds and lavendar, and while I normally hate flower flavored food, this was spectacular.  My salad was lack luster, it tasted like apples, plain walnuts, a slight sprinkle of blue cheese and ranch (?! Yuck) dressing. I wont order the salad again, but who cares! My mothers bday is next week and we will be returning again for brunch!I have mixed feelings about this place. 
On one hand, it's a very cute place off the beaten path with very affordable brunch selections and excellent service from the sweet lady who works front-of-the-house. As someone who always tries to support small businesses, this is typically where I like to spend my money. Also, their Moroccan Eggs dish is splendid, and their coffee is also excellent. 
On the other hand, I had a very strange brunch experience here this weekend. It wasn't very busy and we were seated at a cute table by the window near the entrance. I ordered orange juice and the Crab Eggs Benedict ($11 vs. $6-7 for most other brunch items). 
When my order came, I noticed the eggs were pretty well made, and that there was some kind of gray-colored rectangular "crab cake" placed between the 2 eggs. When I took a bite from this patty, I noticed that it was almost all breading, with sparse bits of red onion, red pepper, and very few strands of crab meat inside. As I dug through the patty, I noticed that the total amount of crab did not even make up 1/15th of the patty. The patty was very moist and bready, and did not possess any particular flavor. 
When the nice lady came over to ask how we were doing, I was honest and asked about this curious patty, because the menu clearly indicated that this dish came with "Jumbo Lump" crabmeat, but there were only thin, short strands in a bready patty. The kind lady told me that she would ask the chef. 
Two minutes later, a tall, heavy-set man came up to my table holding an open can of crabmeat in one hand. He pointed to the can and said, "This IS crabmeat!" 
I agreed, proceeded to politely show him the few strands on my plate I was able to extract from the patty, and said that there was some crabmeat in my patty, but that it was mostly bread filling. 
A the time, I was thinking that he might have forgotten to take the crabmeat out of the can while making my rectangular "crab" patty. He then pointed to the filling and argued that the filling was crabmeat. 
When I told him that I could see that it was obviously not crabmeat and that it tasted like bread filling, he became upset and raised his voice, saying "I've been cooking for 28 years! And that is crabmeat!" There were 2 other parties seated in the restaurant. 
The man (who is apparently the chef-owner) went back to the open kitchen and glared at me for the rest of our meal, throwing loud comments about how crab costs $26/lb and repeatedly making comments about my race and gender. (Next time I come here, I might need to go undercover as an older Caucasian male, instead of coming in as myself, a younger Asian female. Or maybe I could come in as a Yeti.) 
Crab is widely known not to be cheap, and so I sympathize. However, I would suggest charging a bit more for the dish and include a bit more crab, or to remove it from the menu altogether. The rectangular bread patty with small bits of crab was just very difficult to eat. I've been eating for about 28 years and don't recall any instances where crab tasted like bread filling. Also, I think the chef could find canned crabmeat for much cheaper than $26/lb in the Philadelphia area. (Maybe in Chinatown? For like 99 cents a can?) He might be better off exploring a business relationship with a new distributor. 
The nice lady offered to give me another item on the menu, in response to which I picked French Toast. (She comped the eggs benedict and charged for the toast.) But by the time the French Toast arrived, I no longer had an appetite and we just paid and left.Figs is my hands-down favorite restaurant in Fairmount...and possibly Philadelphia.  We've been going there for 12 years and we love everything about it.  I've had almost everything on the menu, and the quality and taste is unmatched.  My favorite go-to entre is the tuna, which is prepared slightly differently depending on the menu/time of year, but it's always great.  The staff is super friendly (hi, Leila!) and the atmosphere is warm and cozy.  It's a great date night spot.  We're fortunate to have such a great BYO in Fairmount!My husband and I went to Figs for dinner on one of our date nights, and we had a lovely time.  It's BYOB, and the menu is quite interesting.
We had the Baked Brie Appetizer, a pot of melted brie, honey, and almond that was a bit on the sweet side but very tasty.  For dinner, my husband had the Lamb Tagine (!!!) and I had the Crispy Duck--both were delicious, and we each were convinced that ours was the best choice.  For dessert, we tried their homemade ice cream--the fig was absolutely wonderful.  
I would describe the atmosphere of the place was very romantic and intimate--not many tables and lower lighting.  The only issue we had was a small one--our waiter was sometimes difficult to flag down, and he did seem a bit on the busy side, but it never became an issue.
Overall, a good find, and I am proud of my husband for picking it.I was pleasantly surprised with the dinner menu here and can highly recommend the duck (le canard for those of you going here with your French class as I did) and any dish with harissa. Bring plentiful amounts of wine and cash and you will not be disappointed. Weeknight dining will generate the most attentive service, of course.
Furthermore, they prefer if you order in English. My class learned this one the hard way.I went because of the raves about delicious brunch and because I live only a block away. Spotty service for sure this time around.  I've been here for lunch during the week and the server was much more attentive so I will chalk it up to the Sunday brunch rush.  I will always subtract a star for never getting water or coffee refilled if I am sitting there for an hour. When I ordered and I asked for my homefries to be "well done" the waiter was taken aback and said "they are always well done."  After receiving my plate I realized that their home fries are more of a soft potato mush like they were boiled and then cooked on the griddle just to keep them warm.  The salmon and cream cheese omelet was good but I wish that there was a more even egg to filling ratio.  I would have settled for a smaller omelet if it meant that there was more filling and less egg.  My dining companions were also disappointed by the potatoes and that a small glass of grapefruit from concentrate was $2.50.  Although I am not a coffee connoisseur and will drink diesel fuel to wake up in the morning- my friends found the coffee sub-par.  I would say I was "whelmed" by Figs.We had a delicious brunch here on Easter Sunday. My sons live near this restaurant and have been wanting to try it.  We enjoyed everything we ordered, from the omelette to the Moroccan eggs. We brought champagne for mimosas(byob) and had a great time. Prices are very reasonable, especially for Philly, and the service was great. We will absolutely go here again. Be aware it is cash only!!Although I see mostly positive reviews I didn't have that good of an experience at figs.
Our reservation was at 8....one hour and 20 minutes later and two bottle of wine drank right in the middle of the dinning room, practically at somebody else's table because it was too cold to wait outside we were finally sat. the entire time the restaurant is so smokey that my eyes are constantly tearing. I am not sure if it is always like that or this was some special exhaust problem circumstance.
the owner/ server is very pleasant, the food is...hmm not so much. I order you're typical caprese salad, my mistake because the tomatoes are not really in season but somehow i hope they still have the good ones..they do not.
but I am absolutely outraged when I see Alex's appetizer: pepper crusted sea scallops, which I imagine to be these beautiful large seared scallops, come out as 10 tiny little scallops in a pretty tasty sauce. Its not that the description was deceiving because it didn't say they would be diver scallops, but this was not what i expected either.
my dish of whole fish was pretty good, but its hard to mess up whole fish. The asparagus was very tasty.
overall, i was not impressed with this place. A friend of mine told me the food was NOT good, however i didn't believe her because of such abundance of positive reviews. well, judge for yourself i guess.The food was simple and delicious. I had the Moroccan Eggs and they were tasty. I'll be back.Absolutely delish food, great flavor pairing and beautiful and pleasant atmosphere!! and the lady who helped us was super sweet!Loved the food...and I am a foodie.  It actually rivalled Table 31!  Unbelievable, huh?  But truly.  The flavors in each dish were distinctive, fresh and complimentary.  And it doesn't hurt that you can bring your own wine. 
The only negatives were that this area is crowded!  And you're at the parking god's whim when finding a parking spot...walk.  I'm not kidding.  And then, the place is small.  Not a good place to go to talk about anythng personal...unless you want to room to know.Based on the reviews we really expected more.
I am generally a pretty good cook but have no extensive background in Moroccan food. Felt like I could have improved on most things...
We had the dips which were equal to or not quite as good as standard grocery dips.
Flat bread was not crispy and seemed very uninspired. Had to cut it with a fork since it was soft.
Making homemade dough is something I can do in 5 minutes in my kitchenaid mixer, would make it much crispier and authentic. Throw a litter sour cream into pizza dough. Works well in this case.
The couscous was overcooked and kinda bland, lamb shank was cooked perfectly but could have used some moroccan seasoning, mint yogurt sauce, pomegrante seeds, something to spice it up and make it unique.
We were just a bit underwhelmed. I like to support neighborhood spots but they can do better. Waitress was nice, and generally good vibe otherwise.I was here for dinner several years ago and all I remember about that night was a lot of BYO wine and good food. But today - I review brunch! 
After going to cheer on the Marathon-ers, my friend and I decided to grab brunch. At her suggestion and because of the close proximity, we chose Figs. 
I was really surprised they even did brunch but sure enough - it was open and they were serving up the goods. Service was quick and coffee was hot which is seriously important at breakfast, especially since we had come in from standing outside in the chilly morning. 
We both chose omelets, hers with goat cheese, tomatoes and spinach, mine with cheddar, tomatoes and onions (yes, its a choose 3, not 2 fillings place). They were served with toast (not of your choice), a small salad and delicious smashed potatoes. They omelets were fluffy and all of the sides were just right. We got plenty of attention for refills on our coffee and all in all had a really nice breakfast. 
Figs is a small neighborhood gem and I will definitely be returning to have dinner again so I can review the restaurant for that as well. For now...3 stars.