The owner recommended the butter bar which she said would be like if cheese cake and a sugar cookie had a baby.... Yup totally amazing so are the whoopie pies and the Elvis cake... a slab of moist banana cake with chocolate chips and really amazing peanut butter frosting. (We went back the next day for another piece.). We will go back next time we are in town!Best cupcakes ever! My friend bought an assorted box of cupcakes for me for my birthday and I can honestly say I've never had cupcakes that were so good! I brought them into work and my co-workers had the same exact sentiments. I'm hooked for life! I'd recommend these cupcakes to anyone. If you don't try them, you're missing out.This is what a whoopie pie is supposed to taste like.  I tried red velvet, guiness, black raspberry, and banana.  They are all amazing.  Cream cheese filling, soft pies.  I will dream about this place.  Also there was not a huge line, so that was nice.  Inside of the Reading Market about in the middle.Expensive, but the pistachio icing alone earns it 5 stars. I recommend letting them warm up to room temperature. Their display case makes them a little too cool.
UPDATE
I was at Reading Terminal in late June and sure enough, they did not have Pistachio icing. I'm taking them down a star.
FURTHER UPDATE:
Went there July 3. Pistachio is back. One flaw though: they put these green sugar crystals on top. They take away from the pistachio flavor. Still, a strong cupcake and worthy of the $2 during a visit to Reading Terminal.
Still worth trying when in Reading TerminalI got a traditional whoopie pie and it was everything a whoopie pie should be. Dense, chocolaty,  perfect balance of sweetness. Tried a vegan chocolate chip for my little man and it was so satisfying without being greasy or heavy. Love that they don't go crazy with the sugar. Can't say the same about milk bar worse cookies I ever had.Do not attempt to pre or special order anything. I contacted this place 2 weeks before I needed some fresh pastries for an event. I sent 3 emails with no reply and called. When I called I was given the owners name and email. She also never got back to me. Bad customer service.Flying Monkey is awesome because someone there had the brilliant idea to bake a tasty pumpkin pie inside a luscious chocolate cake, a delicious apple pie inside a scrumptious vanilla cake and them layer them together with an enormous amount of sugary butter cream frosting.  Brilliant!  
When moving to Philadelphia from San Francisco, I spent a lot of time trying to convince my husband that Philadelphia offered *something* cool.  But San Francisco is pretty awesome.  And I was losing the battle.   Then, in a random internet search I landed on Flying Monkey's Pumpple Cake.  And I finally had *something* in Philadelphia that San Francisco did not offer.  And it was something awesome.  
Flying monkey is innovative but also tasty (I love the coconut cake truffles and the whoopies).  And I love the idea of the pumpple cake (even if in actuality the other stuff tastes better).Wow, this place was a disappointment. 2.25-2.50 for hard as a rock, weirdly flavored cupcakes. 
I bought the lavender, meyer lemon, guinness, peanut butter, and creme brulee. The lavender was absolutely disgusting and tasted like they threw body lotion on top of a cupcake, and sold it . The meyer lemon was extremely sugary and did not have much of a lemon taste to it. The guinness was very oddly flavored and did not taste like guinness at all. The peanut butter was very very rich and way too peanut buttery. All you tasted was the frosting. The creme brulee tasted a little bit like french toast, and was the only cupcake that I would even consider eating if it was the last cupcake available on earth. 
The icing on all of the cupcakes was hard as a rock, and the presentation of the cupcakes made them look like they were iced by my 5 year old cousin. Nasty all around.My friend got the vanilla cupcake and I got the Iced Tea. 
Overall, service was great and fast and the Iced Tea is sooooo good! I added sugar to it and it was better!!
One request would be have sweetened ice tea on the menu!! 
I will be back and recommend this place to other people.vegan cupcake was tasty & I noticed a vegan chocolate chip cookies.  more vegan options (like, at least one more cupcake & a whoopie pie) would get them more stars :)Whoopie pie, any flavor. Red velvet was my favorite and as many others said, a free truffle with a Yelp check in! The whoopie pies are cakey and the filling is rich and dense. They also have a pie baked into a cake!? I don't remember what the name was but you'll see the ad for it at the register, someone let me know how it is!Not worth the money! We spent $11 for 5 cupcakes. We got the lavender,peanut butter,Guinness, Creme Brulee, and Mayer Lemon. The 2 we did not care for at all was the Guinness, and the Lavender. The lavender tasted like someones hand lotion. Guinness was very odd, and really it didn't taste like guinness at all. The icing on all these cupcakes was HARD!!! Overall I would NOT be coming back here ever again. I'd go to Philly Cupcake and rather spend more money on better cupcakes there!Ugggghhh!! Frosting was DISGUSTING!! Tasted like raw shortening without sugar. I see most bakeries are doing this which is a disappointment. I took one bite and and bounced it off the trashcan.Wasted our time an money and had to look at a man with a crusty handle bar mustache tell us he could microwave our ice cold cupcake to make it more palatable. Please learn how to use sugar!!I haven't had the cupcakes, because every time I come, I head straight for the brownies.  My favorite is the Nutty Boozer, where the hazelnut, Glenlivit and chocolate are well balanced and rich.  I also like the cheesecake brownie's cheesecake to brownie ratio.I will agree with previous posters that the buttercream cupcakes are overwhelmingly buttery, but the cake part is delicious.  
However, I have to give kudos to their delicious flourless peanutbutter cookies.  Very homemade looking and not too sweet.Coffee is ok. Dark strong and black but not exceptional. 
Moon pie I had was good. Got the sores  one. My wife got the standard and  it was also in the tasty zone. Went down well with the coffee.Two words: HOMEMADE MARSHMALLOW.
Okay, a few more now too...dipped in chocolate. coated with oreo crumbs. 
S'MOREO!
I picked up this lovely treat during a stroll through the market on Saturday evening. The service was super friendly, the shop was adorable and evening the little monkey logo stamped on the bag made it feel pretty special.Went for the pumpple cake, but didn't realize it was seasonal, which makes perfect sense. No one is making pumpkin pie in June. So I had a slice of Elvis cake, which was a good banana chocolate cake with a bad peanut butter frosting. Not impressed. However, the saving grace was the oatmeal raisin whoopie pie. So glad I picked up one of those. It was heavenly. Would have to try more things before I could decide on if the place is a hit, but that whoopie pie made me hopeful.I absolutely love Flying Monkey's cake truffles--perfect for when you want to satisfy that sweet tooth without feeling guilty about a little sweet indulgence.  I've already tried a variety of flavors (and usually try a different one every week), but since selections change on a regular basis, I'm looking forward to my next visit!Always friendly service and their pastries are great. The buttercake is probably my favorite, followed by the woopie pies they always have.Cool bakery with very friendly owner (unlike the original owner who implored me to "fondle my brownies" but that's another story...) and happy employees. 
I really like their sugar cookies with the multicolored sprinkles on them as well as their smaller molasses cookies. 
The Flying Monkey also has excellent chocolate brownies that I buy in bulk for parties when I am cupcaked-out.
The individually sized pies that I have tried (banana cream and two different peanut butter varieties) are decent enogh. They tend to go quickly on Saturdays so if you want one, snag it on the early side. 
I have not tried their cupcakes since the change in ownership a few years back but way back when when I tried the cupcakes I was literally larded out. All I tasted icing-wise was lard (as opposed to say all sugar at the other end of the spectrum such as at Magnolia Bakery in NYC). 
I guess since the cookies and brownies are so good explains why I have not gotten around to trying the cupcakes...Probably one of the best things about Reading Terminal Market, their cupcakes are second only to my fave from Crumbs. The chocolate with the vanilla buttercream is so good! My bf had the chocolate with raspberry filling I believe and loved it as well. A must visit in Philly!I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but was totally craving banana cream pie. I just didn't get a chance to eat it fresh. We were stuffed trying to spend the afternoon eating our way through Reading Terminal Market.
The guy behind the counter was very friendly.
Next time, I'll try to save room for dessert, so I can eat it fresh.Lots of interesting treats to try, but nothing that I found to be worth a second trip for, however the variety changes and maybe I just haven't hit on that one treat they is to die for yet, but the staff is very nice and the prices are ok so I would visit again.Their butter cake is the best. Check out my full review of it here. https://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2014/07/15/flying-monkeys-delicious-butter-cake/The power of Flying Monkey..
I worked in a restaurant next to Reading Terminal which was insanely convenient. Their pastries were used to help heal difficult situations, like the time I was very late and pacified my manager with two of their cupcakes to the point he forgot what he was yelling about because he had icing on his lip, or the time my boyfriend calmed down after a fiasco with the Philly Parking Authority because their brownies were off the chain.Loved the red velvet w/ cookies & cream whoopie pie! It's a perfect balance and I prefer it to the original whoopie pie flavor. Kind of pricey for the size but worth a try. Nice staff and quick service.Christ on a cupcake...my life will never be the same. 
The Monkey's chocolate cupcakes are divine. Beyond divine - seriously! I am quite the cupcake connoisseur and I hear by decree that Flying Monkey makes the best cupcakes on the planet.I got an espresso and vanilla cupcake. They were very good, not too overpowering on the flavor and yes the buttercream frosting is VERY buttery but they don't overload it on the cupcake and it doesn't make your teeth hurt from too much sugar. I docked a star because the cake itself could have been a little moister.A wonderful cupcakery.  It was super easy phoning in my order only 2 days before I went to go pick them up for my husband's bday.  They got the bday message perfect too.  I had tried them a few times on previous visits to Reading Terminal, and have always walked away happy. Red velvet and black velvet iced with buttercream were so good, like roll-your-eyes-back-good.  Hubby dearest definitely appreciated it!The brownies were dry, and the cupcakes have barely any frosting on them.  I am NOT a cupcake fan but especially get peeved when I see barely any frosting on them.  Boo!
But my biggest complaint is the coffee.  There is a big sign that says coffee that attracts patrons over there, but they only have a measly tiny cup to fill - no large sizes.  So it was a crappy small serving size for $1.50+!  I did not find that acceptable.  
After sampling this place, I must say that I think you can get better desserts and larger coffee elsewhere in this establishment.This is a review solely of the pummple cake because it was the reason I went. After much deliberation, I went back to stand in line. Everything in the counter looked amazing but still decided on the cake. Apple pie portion was very good and the icing wasn't terrible. Wouldn't have even know there was pumpkin pie in it as it had no taste. Cake was very bland. Walk a few blocks and get a slice of cheesecake at the Cheesecake Factory for $8.The Chai tea vanilla cupcake and the Pistaschio vanilla were mouth-wateringly good.  The cupcake was moist and the frosting was delicious.  I will probably get these again.  However, I was not a fan of their Rose cupcake concoctions and not a fan of their chocolate cupcake.My friend got the vanilla cupcake and I got the Iced Tea. 
Overall, service was great and fast and the Iced Tea is sooooo good! I added sugar to it and it was better!!
One request would be have sweetened ice tea on the menu!! 
I will be back and recommend this place to other people.Of the numerous times that we have visited Flying Monkey we have never had any complaints. The service is always super friendly and the stuff they have is always tasty. Anything chocolate here is going to be very rich so just be prepared, the 1 exception might be the mini-chocolate cream pie which is my all-time favorite. Their whoopie pies are amazing and the cookies are killer, the brownies that I have gotten before are awesome but again rich so just know that going in. Flying Monkey is definitely an awesome part of Reading Terminal.I love this place and have been there three times already, never been dissapointed, however when I last went their cupcake selection was limited and they had creme in the middle (it didn't say that there was going to be anything in the middle), so of course that disappointed me because the one I had , had lime in the middle and wasnt the best.I'm addicted. Once a week I make it my business to head to the Flying Monkey. My father loves the coconut macaroons. I pick up brownies and Jesus the cake of the day....doesn't matter if have to get a slice. Love the Monkey.In the battle of cake versus pie - I always take pie.  Cakes are tricky.  While I really do love a good cake, it's so hard to find them.  I really cannot stand the recent cupcake trend - cupcakes rarely taste as good as they look.  Happily, though, there is the Flying Monkey.  
The Flying Monkey is the only place where the cupcake has lived up to its adorable promise of tasting as good as it looks.  I have sampled a variety of flavors over the last couple of years but cannot get past the perfection that is their vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting.  It is a humble little cupcake that delights me each and every time.  I'm glad I don't live in Philly or I'd be at RTM every day getting fat eating these cupcakes.Lavender cupcake was small but really good with a light lavendar butter icing on top of a dense chocolate cupcake. Eric had a toffee coconut pecan blondie that was the best blondie we've ever had. We also had a regular whoopie pie on our second visit which was (again) small but the best whoopie pie I've had in recent memory. Dense moist cake with gooey icing inside...perfect! I could have eaten a half dozen more.Looking for a sweet treat to enjoy as we were leaving Philly, we decided to try a variety of cookies from Flying Monkey.   Definitely freshly made, my favorite was the Snickerdoodle.  The kids loved the Sou me Chocolate one, of course.  Prices are reasonable and in line with what other establishments charge there.Best red velvet cupcake I've ever had.  The cream cheese frosting was amazing!  My boyfriend and I split a large red velvet cupcake and had regular coffees.  What a nice treat!  The coffee was just a plain 'ole cup-o-joe, but it was very tasty.  If you're in the area...the Reading Terminal market is really neat and the Flying Monkey Patisserie is a nice place for afternoon coffee or a quick dessert.  They were also in the December 2009 Rachel Ray Magazine for their white chocolate raspberry brownies, but they were sold out when we got there, so I can't comment on those.  Will have to make another stop to try them out though!One of my favorite guilty pleasures in the Reading Terminal Market.  The cupcakes are morsels of sweet moistness with perfect flavoring, and the Whoopie Pies are a delight with an ever-changing creative array of flavor combinations.   For St. Paddy's they featured a Guinness Whoopie that tasted, indeed, like the stout of my dreams (though without the alcoholic kick). Tea and coffee are available too, and quite nicely served.  Finally, the fellow who served me had a lovely moustache, waxed and curled as you would hope a Flying Monkey Attendant should!Simply divine.  Delicious cookies. The monkey bar, with chocolate and banana, is amazing!  
Pick up a cup of coffee at Old City Coffee at the market, then head to Flying Monkey for pastries.  Settle in at a table for pure bliss.
I hear the cupcakes are good, too.  I haven't made my way through all of their offerings yet.I was having a hard time deciding which cake to order from Flying Monkey...Black Velvet, Peanut Butter Cup, Guinness or Flourless Chocolate. 
I ordered a small Black Velvet cake on Wednesday to be picked up Friday. I stopped by the Market before catching my train home. Unfortunately, there was a mix-up and the cake was never baked.  :-(
I didn't have time to wait for a new cake to be baked (there was a train to catch), but there were tons of apologies and the ladies at Flying Monkey offered me a dozen cupcakes on the house to make up for the mistake.  I took home four flavors: black velvet, espresso, peanut butter and Irish cream.  They were wonderful!
What could have been a negative situation turned out well, thanks to their quick thinking.Was in Philly for part of the day, brought back some whoopie pies from here. The oatmeal cookie was soooooo good...made better by chocolate chips thrown into the filling. Will be back for sure.Stopped by today for a sweet snack after seeing a post on Instagram about some fall inspired desserts. I tried their maple pumpkin pecan hand pie and it was delicious - Sweet but not too sweet pumpkin filling with just a hint of maple and a few crunchy pecan pieces all wrapped up inside flaky, buttery crust... Yum! I will definitely be returning to try their whoopie pies - they looked awesome!Great customer service! My brother recently moved to the area and I wanted to have a sweet something sent to him. I called Flying Monkey and Rebecca took care of making sure that he had a dozen wonderful cupcakes on his doorstep the next morning. He reports that the cupcakes are amazing!If you've been to Reading you'll know how crowded this place usually is, and not surprisingly there was a line of half a dozen. Two things drew me here: check in offer of a free cake truffle and the nutty cookies. The cake truffle was tiny but incredibly moist inside, and the chocolate coating was just right. The oatmeal raisin pecan cookie had more pecan chunks we could handle (but were glad to) but exactly what I expected: wholesome oatmeal texture + tender raisins + crunchy pecans = perfection. Staff were which and friendly, and I appreciated zero hassle when I showed the check in offer. Thank you!If your sweet tooth is acting up, flying monkey will rescue you. The stand might be a little hard to find because of how big reading market is, but IT IS there and you're in the right place hahaha. Their sweets are heavenly good and their prices are very reasonable. You dont need those fancy designs for good cupcakes. If they're good, they're good! One of the best in Philly :)What do I think of the place? Delicious. My girlfriend recommended this spot and claims that they have one of the best cupcakes she has ever tasted. Sadly I will have to come back and try one because being a peanut butter lover I opted for the m&m and peanut butter squares which were awesome. This piece of sweetness had a nice balance and wasn't packed with a fistful of sugar. It was one of the few times I actually ate a dessert and didn't hate myself. Definitely worth a try if you are in the area!Very disappointing.  I decided to cheat on the Buttercream Cupcake Lady and find someone STATIONARY.  This will NOT be my go to place for a cupcake fix - I'm SO tired of chasing that damned truck down!!!  
Anyway - if you think for one moment they're going to have every item listed on their website - think again.  It's there to let you know what they MAY have.  When I arrived they had Creme Brulee, Espresso, Flyin' Hawaiian and Mint Chocolate Chip and they were making Strawberry Fluff.  What a skimpy selection.
So...  
I ordered a Strawberry Fluff which is strawberry flavored marshmallow fluff icing and vanilla cupcake.  I chose this because it looked like they just took them out of the oven AND they were frosting them...so I figured fresh is best!!
The fluff was way too sweet and the cupcake was crunchy on top (I don't like crunchy cupcakes) and not as light and airy as I prefer.  They use WAY too much sugar.
I also ordered a Creme Brulee and a Flyin' Hawaiian - I won't be eating either of those - I'll just give them away.  
I would recommend you don't bother trying to get a decent cupcake fix here...just get a Tastycake from WaWa instead.They didn't produce any lavender cupcake when i was there but i did end up getting a fruit pebble rice crispy treat which was sweet and chewy to soften the disappointment, luckily I didn't go in there specifically for them and just so happened to come across their store while walking to get coffee inside the market place.  Still delicious!Walked by and got suckered in to their brownies. Husband wanted the cheesecake brownie which was $3.  Unfortunately, I had absolutely no cash- and their credit card limit is $5. So we were suckered in to buying a second brownie. Second choice was the triple chocolate blondie brownie.  Thankful that we ordered that one, because the cheesecake brownie was beyond disappointing!   Once the blondie came to room temperature it was better, but still nothing to write home about.  I'm positive there are some better brownies out there.  I've made them before.There was a hair in my red velvet whoopie! Grossed me out and will not be returning! Sad i didn't get to taste the famous red velvet whoopie, oh wells!I got the espresso cupcake.
I enjoyed the espresso cupcake.
I would get the espresso cupcake again.
Personal Recommendation: Espresso Cupcake.
P.S. Being a little more serious here, the cupcake is moist and soft but the frosting is disappointing as it feels a little stale.We came here fully intending to get a few whoopee pies to try out. After the special of the day was enthusiastically described to us we decided to get another route and tried their special cake. What was it? It was a blueberry compote baked into a vanilla cake and a cherry compote baked into a chocolate cake. The layers in between the chocolate/cherry and vanilla/blueberry s some sort of whipped cream.
The whipped cream was really very great, yummy yummy. But you get to the rest of it. The rest of it s really disappointing and for $9 it was really not worth it. The price twig actually shocked me because everything else they're selling is about $3-5, so I'd definitely stick with what they're famous for, their whoopie pies.After a horrendous lunch experience at Finn McCool's which left me still starving, my fiance and I found ourselves wandering around the terminal.  We found Flying Monkey on the recommendations of some friends, and got the chai cupcake, eggnog cupcake, chocolate/vanilla, and pistachio cupcake, paired with a couple of lattes.
They were delicious!  The cakes were moist, the frosting was thick but still managed to be airy, and not overwhelmingly sweet.  The pistachio was my favorite, but we devoured all of them in a span of 10 minutes.  They were closing shop, but the girl at the counter was so friendly and helpful, and took her time helping us.  BONUS - compared with Chicago bakeries, the prices were fantastic!Om nom nom.  They have awesome brownies!  I've had some of their cupcakes, but can't really remember what kind.  This clearly means the brownies are better.  My favorites are the mint chocolate and the cream cheese brownies.  It's a little pricey, but worth it for a treat once in awhile.Sweets are the best way to end a meal. So walking around Reading Market Terminal, we found the Flying Monkey, a dessert shop filled with cookies, cupcakes, cakes, and more. I knew I wanted something chocolatey, so after scanning through all the decadent sweets, I decides to try one of their chocolate Woopie Pies. Not too bad! Wish I had room to try more desserts!There was something really wrong with these cupcakes. Besides the fact they were almost frozen, the chocolate frosting was odd..I have no idea what kind of chocolate that could have been. Jeff had the raspberry frosting which was better but not by much.
I threw the rest of mine away which is saying a lot for me.Between DiNic's and Miller's Twist, the wife and I were getting pretty full. We had wandered around Reading Terminal Market taking in all of the wonders it had to offer, and were about to leave. But there was one last thing I had to do ...
WHOOPIE F'N PIE!
I hadn't had a real, honest to goodness Whoopie Pie in 15 years, when I lived in Charlottesville. An Amish family would make their way to the Downtown Mall daily and sell their homemade goods. And this is where I learned of the wonders that is Whoopie Pie.
So walking by Flying Monkey Bakery and spotting their Whoopie Pies, we made a stop here just before leaving the market. After much deliberation, I went for the traditional Whoopie Pie. It wasn't quite as good as the ones I'd bought from the Amish family in my youth. But it was REALLY close, and brought back many memories of awesomeness. 
My wife wanted to try their lemon bar. We both agreed that it was too sweet. We prefer more tartness in a lemon bar - this had hardly none.
But seriously, I don't even know why she bothered. It's all about the WHOOPIE!Their cupcakes get five stars for delicious butter cream frosting. 
The Pumple cake gets one star for being all hype.  I brought a slice to dinner with friends, and we were all disappointed. It was 75% frosting and the cake/pie portion was mostly dry.YUM! I love their cupcakes! They also make for a wonderful replacement for a birthday cake... This past Saturday, I decided to bake an Apple Cake for my partner's 30th Birthday. It got stuck in the Bundt Pan, by the time I got the cake out it was massacred and crumbled all over our dining room table... I was in a panic! Luckily I had to go to the Reading Terminal to pick up some shrimp and veggies. I ran to the counter and was so excited to get to mix and match my own dozen of cupcakes!! The service was outstanding and the cupcakes were AWESOME! Thank you Flying Monkey for saving my ass!!Maybe my expectations were too high. After living in Philly for years, I was psyched to finally try some Flying Monkey. Sadly, from the batter to the frosting to the price, these cupcakes are seriously not worth the hype. 
The cakes are dry. The frosting is way to dense and buttery. So much so that the flavors are over-shined by the butter. Even from an aesthetic standpoint, the cupcakes do not warrant the price. 
Perhaps the popularity of these cupcakes springs from the fact that they are so like homemade. These are not artisanal products.   They are something you can easily make better at home.Bought 2 of their cupcakes to try but after reading some of the reviews below, what I should have tried were the whoopie pies instead. Had the pina colada and lavender cupcakes and both were great - icing was so creamy and rich and definitely satisfied my sweet tooth. Will be back to try some of their other desserts now too!This place makes me go "meh."  I love that they have such a variety of flavors; I just don't really like the flavors.  I started eating their cupcakes at Remedy because I'm a sucker for anything lavender.  What a disappointing lavender cupcake!  You can barely taste the flavor.  The only real indication that it's lavender is that your fingers are covered in purple once you're done eating.  At least mine were, but I'm not the neatest person in town.  The underwhelming flavor seems to be a trend here.  Vanilla cupcakes are almost pointless.  The chai cupcakes are fairly good, but too subtle still.  The only thing I had here that I truly enjoyed was the lemon peel cupcake.  What a delicious combination of flavors!  Generally, the icing is way too much like flavored butter rather than flavored buttercream, and the cake is sometimes dry.  Maybe chocolate is the way to go?  I check it out when there's a flavor I see that I'm intrigued by, but Flying Monkey is not my first choice in cupcakes.Guy with long mustache was rude. Refused to wait on my 11 year old son while we were the only customers. I asked him what his problem was and he said all customers have to order at the register. Did I mention we were the only customers?I had heard quite good things about Flying Monkey, never tried it, so Went there with my Best friend & 4 cupcakes @ $9.00 later, WOw, little high for regular size cupcakes , when I can can get 0.80 a cupcake for butter-cream ones at my Famous L & M Bakery in Delran, NJ. He is connoisseur of cupcakes & cakes, he took one bite, it was like eating pure whipped butter, not enough confectioners sugar , or vanilla extract ratio was gross. He didn't eat it ..I ate mine but it was only slight hint of flavor to them. So I don't know what the customers are used to , my own butter-cream I make at home way better then theirs..it was Straight butter..not good at all!! Not going back..Ughh!! Just imagine taking unsalted butter adding little color , touch of flavor putting in your mouth.. just gross!!!!!!the whoopie pies are to die for! Heard so many good things about them I just had to try them! Line was long but it moves pretty quick.The whoopie pie was OK, far from memorable; missed the Yelp checkin special.Do you like PB&J??? I Love PB&J! 
Say it with me... PB&J!!!
But PB&J Whoopie Pie?? Who came up with that!?
I need to thank that person!!!
I only ordered one because I wasn't sure if a PB&J lover like myself could enjoy such a thing but I really should of ordered the WHOLE TRAY!!
I'm telling you..don't miss out on this my fellow PB&J lovers!!
Oh and ordering such a delightful treat from a delightful staff is a delight in itself! LolI had heard of this place, known for their Pumpple cake - the pumpkin pie, apple pie, chocolate and vanilla monstrous creation.  I had to check it out when I was in Reading Terminal Market over the weekend.  I opted for a brownie and smores bar, since the Pumpple cake was tremendous and estimated to have 1,800 calories!  I loved the brownie though - it was super fudgy, and filled with chocolate chips so that each bite was more chocolatey than the next.  The double chocolate brownie was made with two varieties of cocoa and dark chocolate, and each bite had enough sugar to ensure I was never going to sleep that night.  I'm placing this high in my brownie rankings.
The Smores bar was good, but nothing in comparison to the brownie.  It was a homemade marshmallow, half covered in dark chocolate with a splash or Oreos on the side.  It was good for a lighter, less guiltful treat, but if you're going to Flying Monkey, I would stick with their cakes, brownies, cupcakes or whoopie pies.They have a big selection of whoopie pie, but that's not what I went caught my attention. Came here to grab my sister in law a vegan chocolate chip cookie and she loved it. I only see two items that are vegan. They had the chocolate chip cookie and as well as the lemon poppy seed whoopie pie. For myself I got the smores bar. It was quite sweet but kind of expected since it is marshmallow. The marshmallow was so soft and it's homemade and along with that there was a layer of dark chocolate. My grandmother really like their banana walnut cake but unfortunately they did not serve that yesterday and that is one of the reason why a star was taken out because I wish they serve the same variety of pastry each day.They're food might be okay, but their customer service is ridiculous. I called the bakery and the woman on the phone was extremely rude to me. She told me it was rush hour and it was "inappropriate" for me to call during that time. Unfortunately, I did not get her name, but I will never be calling that place again in fear that she may pick up the phone.Philadelphia a is a great city for Vegans. There is one drawback though: Reading Terminal Market's dearth of vegan options. Reading Terminal Market was one of the first places I spent a lot of time in Philly. My future wife and I would get the smoked turkey special at the Hatville Farms sandwich counter and I would enjoy browsing a local institution that my native New York had no match for.
Alas, Reading Terminal is not very vegan-friendly even in the year 2013! Even the Basic 4 Veggie stand closed! The good news is that a quite good vegan dessert can be found there at Flying Monkey.
Flying Monkey regularly has three vegan options: a chocolate chip cookie that I have not tried, vegan whoopie pies which are good and a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting.
I will focus on the cupcake because that is the best. The last time I had it I bought it when I arrived at the market and then ordered and ate lunch. Flying Monkey's display cases keep the items very cold. I do not recommend eating their products when you buy them. Let them come up to temperature as I did with that cupcake. When I finally bit into it I was really impressed. It was delicious. Just the fight amount of sweetness and chocolate and vanilla flavors. I usually don't kvell for vanilla frosting but this frosting really did it for me. 
My hope is that Flying Monkey will expand its vegan offerings. They are off to a great start.Unimpressed, especially given the hype and price. I ordered a Red Velvet Woopie Pie. Long story short, while the textures were lovely, there was almost no flavor to any of it.
The cake was dense but not heavy, with a lovely mouthfeel and fine crumb. Unfortunately, there was no flavor present, none of that yummy red-velvet-cake flavor I assumed I would find. Alone, it wasn't even very sweet. I've rarely encountered a cake so terribly bland in a professional bakery.
The cream cheese icing/filling was enough better to earn this a second star. The texture was exactly the way I like icing: smooth, just enough oils for a good texture, just firm enough to hold it's shape and not get too messy. But again, the flavor was lacking. If I just took some icing, I could find a faint hint of cream cheese flavor, but otherwise? Just sugary sweet, nothing else. When eaten with the cake, the hint of cream cheese disappears.
The end result is a desert with a nice appearance and texture, but nearly no flavor. It's just... sweet. Nothing else. And that's not worth the price, hype, and calories.Flying Monkey is hit or miss... I'm gonna let you know what I mean by that.
Hit: The brownies and blondies are definitely hittin. I had never actually had a blondie before this place. They use so much butter that after sitting for a while they really become saturated to the point where they taste like cookie dough... well I happen to like cookie dough. And the waxed paper they're wrapped in end up looking like a greased cookie sheet. You might find the richness extreme. Not to mention there's a great variety (although not all of them are always available). 
Miss: I've had whoopie pies from here on a few occasions and it's interesting that what makes these a "miss" is actually why I like them. Like others have said, their cakes are on the dry side and the icing isn't as glamorous as what you may find in other places, but that's what keeps my whoopie pies from being an absolute mess after flopping around in a bag all day. If I snack on the run I want ZERO MESS. NONE! The most I get with these is some loose crumbs. So for me it's really about utility over taste. They're not bad... I always get pumpkin and red velvet despite their lack flavor.
I do want to try the pumple cake sometime... when that will be I couldn't tell you. All I can say otherwise is choose carefully. You may stop in for a treat, but you may not be in for a treat.We visited this place while on vacation in May of 2016 and I fell head over hills in love with something called the "Whoopie Pie." It was probably the best thing that I have ever had. I want to travel back to Philly, just to visit this place again. Located in Reading Terminal Market, this shop is right in the center and there's a ton of dessert competition around the whole place. They also had a few other desserts such as pies, pumples, and cakes in addition to coffee and teas, but all you need to know is the whoopie pie, since that's what they're known for.Whoopie pies! Oh, how I love these whoopie pies. I don't even know how many times I've been here, but this place is a must when I go in reading terminal. I always say I won't, but end up getting them anyways. My favorites are red velvet, chocolate chip cookiewich, and pumpkin spice. I don't ever know what flavors they will have though. Sometimes they have a lot of flavors, sometimes they don't. I'm hoping I get to grab a pumpkin spice one last time before I leave Philly for Texas.
Also, I get a weird vibe from the guy behind the counter every time. Sometimes I feel like he's annoyed when I stand there trying to decide what flavors I want.Donut Muffin: A++
Heavenly muffin with a gooey banana filling.  So soft and moist--it melts in your mouth.
Hazelnut Whoopie Pie: A
Delicious.  Everything a whoopie pie should be...but didn't knock my socks off like the  DONUT MUFFIN.I visited Flying Monkey Bakery inside Reading Terminal Market. My companion and I had our dessert here since we saw that their selection was mostly brownies, and after visiting other dessert-bakery vendors in the market, returned since we were in the mood for brownies. 
The brownies are pretty tasty and solid. Between the two of us we sampled the Orange Brownie, Cream Cheese Brownie, Nutty Boozer Brownie (nut topped, baked with Glen Livet scotch), a Blondie, and the Peanut Butter Brownie. The blondie was my favorite, followed by the boozy one (the Glen Livet is palatable and melds nicely with the rich dark chocolate). The texture was the brownie texture I like- slightly chewy and fudgy. The orange brownie was ok, and I've had better Cream Cheese brownies, but my friend enjoyed them. They had several other selections of bars and brownies, as well as cupcakes. If I hadn't been burnt out from cupcakes from Martha's in Queens, NYC my friend brought to me, I would have tried one out. 
Their location is pretty big and you can't miss it if you're in that area of the market. It was the end of the market day, so their selection was smaller. The only thing is that the pastry case seemed a little dirty and they could have cleaned up the windows to the case a bit.Amazing sugar cookie.  The double pie inside the double cake thing - totally not worth the money.  Just too weird.Service was not overly friendly. We ordered a few different varieties of whoopy pies, the cheesecake brownie, and a macaroon. The cheesecake brownies was delicious. My macaroon tasted much too syrupy for my taste - WAY too syrupy. I didn't taste the whoopy pies, but others in our group really enjoyed them.Pastries are good and fun, but their service was terrible. Just rude and not very helpful.I got there around closing so there was obviously not much of a selection left, just a bunch of Phillies & I suppose the norm ?
Anyways, my friend and I got the Vanilla Buttercream Chocolate Cupcake.
I absolutely do not like vanilla or buttercream but just because of the tiny rolled piece of chocolate on top, I wanted it.
"A man once died during a cupcake eating contest, by choking on a cupcake." I choked on that cupcake, how ? I've no idea ! But the chocolate was so good, I wish I tried the mint brownie instead just because..I love the Reading Terminal Market, I love everything about it, and I will not leave without something from the Flying Monkey Bakery. So I travel from Pittsburgh once to twice a year just to eat in Philly. I take in the sights, see a game, or just relax. But I come mostly for the food! Now I've tried almost everything over the years, their cookies, marshmallows, fruity pebbles marshmallow treats, cupcakes, whoopie pies, and their specialty cakes. I honestly thought after eating a double decker pie in a cake that I couldn't try anything more unique that tasted so good. Well I was wrong, this trip I tried their Peanut Butter and cookie dough cake! Marvelous is just the beginning. I'm talking head over heels deliciousness. Not overly sweetened, each layer complimented each other as I hoped for, and the cake itself was fresh. Their icing is always a favorite of mine and did not disappoint again here, peanut butter frosting with melt in your mouth softness. Not only in texture but taste as well! Some people may get my meaning, to much powdered sugar and it over sweetens it with that sugary taste and texture. To much Crisco or butter and it leaves your mouth with that oily feel and taste. Not Flying Monkey, perfect every time! Keep up the good work and I hope to see you all soon!This place is amazingly good.  I first visited a few years ago and needed a birthday cookie. Without a problem they wrote Happy Birthday on the cookie for me even though that isn't something they would normally do, at the time anyway. 
Today my boyfriend and I visited because we had a bet and if he won he wanted a brownie from Flying Monkey. Well he won, but they were all out of regular brownies so he got a classic whoopie pie, which I think he thoroughly enjoyed, and I got a peanut butter chocolate cupcake. The frosting was just right, now to sweet and just peanut buttery enough. The cake was moist but didn't fall apart all over the place. We also shared a bottle of Mexican coke which was a nice little treat on it's own.
Why did I get a cupcake even though I lost the bet? My boyfriend is the sweetest and if you have someone in your life that is the sweetest this would be an awesome place to pick up something special for him or her!
Maybe try the Strapple. We weren't feeling brave enough today but this is a massive piece of dessert which is described as, apple pie baked into vanilla cake and strawberry pie baked into chocolate cake.We stopped by this place on our Philly visit. All the treats caught our eye but when I saw the rainbow beauty of the Fruity Pebble bar I knew I had to partake. I like to think of myself as a marshmallow connoisseur and enthusiast, and because of his I usually set myself up to be underwhelmed or at least whelmed BUT
Let me tell you... this was by far the best fruity pebble marshmallow bar I've ever had. It was fresh, soft and smooth and had a creamy aftertaste. Truly was the best. I could have had a whole pan.
We didn't try anything else but based on the bar alone we will be back. Get the fruity bar!I'm still trying to figure out what's wrong with the icing on these. I've had the strawberry, mimosa, vanilla, and several others (ok, I'm a cupcake freak) and each time, the frosting is entirely too thick, plentiful and greasy. I have to wipe off copious amounts of it just to create a decent balance for the entire treat (yes, cupcakes need balance; laugh if you will). I make my buttercream from scratch and like something a lot lighter than this
The cake itself is a little too dense for my liking, lacking much springiness. But if you like your cupcakes on the thicker side with heavy icing, get them here. Otherwise, I suggest those at Grocery or Naked Chocolate.
One thing Flying Monkey does really well: mint brownies. These are amazing every time. Craving-inducing, even. Also, they do have great service, so that may put them at 2.5 stars.Tiny cupcakes, limited variety in stock, over-priced. The frosting tastes chemically, but the cake was good. Disappointed that there were so many flavors advertized on their website, but only a handful available for purchase. My husband says - "I would rather eat vegetables". If you are in the Reading Terminal Market, I highly recommend Termini Bros instead.Cupcakes are good -- the frosting is not like a lump of butter in your mouth which I'm super happy about. The whoopie pies are delicious. Brownies are always good and fudgy which is my favorite consistency. However, when I tried their pumpple cake, I was thoroughly disappointed. The cake was pretty dry and sparks were not flying in my mouth at all. I was very sad but I will definitely come back for their other baked goods since those will keep me coming for sure!I got some baked goods from here recently and I was very impressed. With the many choices at Reading Terminal it would be easy to overlook Flying Monkey but that would be a mistake. While it just looks like another small bakery the quality and selection of goods is amazing. The #1 thing to try is the whoopie pies. They do whoopie pies better than anyone else and have a great selection. If you can, eat them fresh because that is when they are the best. Their other baked goods are also pretty fantastic. The customer service was great too.
Overall I will definitely go back and try one of everything. TwiceWhile visiting Sank and Natasha in Philly this was a spot that we heard a lot about since Sank had been wanting to try the Pumpple Cake ($8/slice). It's a layer of each apple pie in vanilla cake and pumpkin pie in chocolate cake with frosting between and on top. Well turns out it's only offered during certain times of the year (probably right now if you go quick) and it wasn't in season when we visited in August.
Well no pumpple cake for us so we peered into the cases to determine what plan B would be. Sank picked out three different whoopie pie flavors for his family and Justin and I split a butter cake and chocolate brownie. I tried a smidge of Sank's lavender whoopie pie and wasn't nearly as impressed as his toddler was, but she was probably significantly more hungry than I was seeing as she'd thrown most of her lunch at her mom. The brownie was better and was a very generous portion size but all of the pastries suffered from having been refrigerated. It's sorta like if beer is over chilled - it takes away all of the good flavors. A sign indicates that their product is chilled for freshness and transport but I fear that may also indicate that they wouldn't otherwise be fresh at all (were they baked that morning? the day before?) 
The competition at Reading Terminal is steep and I think I'd try out a lot of the other sweet shops before heading back to sample any more of Flying Monkey's offerings.Tried the Whoppie Pie and Smore bar and both were delicious!!! Highly recommend! The man behind the counter was so kind and friendly. He made our experience that much better. We will definitely go back for more delicious goods.Their Whoopie Pies are amazing.  For those that do not know its two delicious cookies with a  cream cheese type  filling in between.   I went to college in Philly and was in town for a friend's superbowl party.  This was the "hit" dessert and everyone kept asking me where I got them from.  The service was also top notch with seemingly a manager or owner offering his card to me if I ever needed anything else while in town.  As a hospitality manager I appreciate the little things like that.I read that the whoopie pies here are one of the top 8 foods to try in this market, so I had to stop by. 
Yelpers - you get a free truffle with a check in. When I went the choices were between raspberry and carrot.
What we got: 
- Fruity pebble bar --- YUM!!! You must get this, it was delicious. 
- Double chocolate cookie with M&M's --- Can't go wrong with this cookie.  Lots of M&M's on top.
- Regular whoopie pie --- Very good
- Mint chocolate chip whoopie pie --- Not as good as the regular
- S'mores bar --- Yes
- Butter cake --- Melts in your mouth.  They also have the choice of a chocolate one with Kahlua 
- Raspberry truffle --- Fine
Not very expensive.I recently took my husband to his first trip to the Reading Terminal, and new we had to stop for something at the Flying Monkey after seeing the pumpple cake on Outrageous Foods.  $8 for what's essentially four slices of cake/pie is really quite reasonable.  However, I opted for a more modest Hard Apple Cider cupcake at $2.50.  I let them know I was taking my cupcake to enjoy at home and they gave me instructions on what to do if the trip was going to be a little bit before I would actually indulge.  And indulge I did!  The yellow cake was moist and buttery.  The hard apple cider butter cream icing was insane.  And the butter cream was so decadent and rich and was accented by the dusting of cinnamon sugar.  One of the best cupcakes I've had in a while!Any bakery that carries any vegan baked goods gets 5 stars. Most vegan baked goods have a chocolate component that I cannot eat, even if it's vegan chocolate.
So I was thrilled to find vegan whoopie pies and vegan lemon coconut mini bundt cakes.
I think the whoopie pie is a poppy seed type cake. 
Anyway I bought 2 of each and they're not gonna make it through the night.
Awesome!!
Oh, one bad thing was that the dude handled money then boxed my baked goods. No gloves. A little skeevy, but I mentally went to my happy place.Seven staff members working and only nor on the register.  The line was 5 deep while we waited and they did nothing to fix it.  Maybe they don't like making money, because use I watched several ppl walk off the line out of shear frustration.  Too bad really because the cake was terrific!Thanks to a mini fried dough orgy that included both Federal Donuts and Beiler's, we could not bear the thought of eating more sugar.  And yet, the Whoopie Pies beckoned at this spot.   Luckily, that's why G-d invented takeout boxes. So Hubby and I got a Guinness filled one to share later, and the kid got a Chocolate-Mint.  
Back home in Brooklyn, we promptly put our Whoopie Pies in the back of the fridge and forgot all about them for days.  Several days.  When we finally remembered, I was surprised by how moist the cake was after all that time.  Brought to room temperature, I could taste the Guinness in the filling, but its flavor could have been more prominent.  Goes without saying, the kid gave a thumbs up to his Chocolate-Mint.
While we were at Flying Monkey, I spotted a Blood Orange Brownie that looked promising, but I resisted.  Love that this place does some more "adult" bitter flavors like blood orange and Guinness.  I will be back to try that brownie.Just to let you know I'm a chocolate lover but these cupcakes were not doing it for me. I had the Oreo and the chocolate with butter cream and I was not feeling any one of them. I didn't really taste the chocolate. I might give it another chance and try like their lemon bars or something else.Making my way from The Dutch Eating Place with plans for a walk to (and around, and through) The Eastern State Penitentiary I made an additional mandatory stop - a vacation without a cupcake is frowned upon by my friends and family as it has become a sort of tradition.  Having heard mixed things I stopped into Flying Monkey Patisserie where I would be greeted by a friendly young woman.  Asking her what cupcake she would suggest (already planning to order the Red Velvet plus whatever she said) she stated the Red Velvet and as such I only ordered one.  Paying the $3.00 with tip I have to admit I felt a little strange about the price of cupcakes these days - you could eat a whole breakfast at Dutch Eating Place for that much.
Taking a seat by the Reading Market pig for a traditional "Mike eating a Cupcake" picture I unwrapped the box and noted the cupcake was chilled - being before 9:00am in the morning I'm assuming this also meant it was made the day before.  Taking a bite I was mildly impressed by the frosting - cream cheese and expectedly sweet with a tinge of sour.  With a good frosting to cake ratio the cake itself just did not live up to its end of the bargain; cocoa and moist to be sure, but more dense then I'd have preferred - and cold.I know this place is known for its whoopie pies, but I think the undercover stars here are their cupcakes, cookies, and this delicious dish known as Butter Cake. There is usually a line, but it is so worth it. Try a few different items and share them with friends. Definitely a sweet way to end a meal at Reading Terminal!My FAVORITE item at Flying Monkey is the Coconut Macaroon.  Buttery Flavor and nothing but coconut.  I have tried a few other items there all fantastic!My favorite bakery in the city!! I can't get over the creative yet simplistic flavors of their whoopie pies. The logo is also super cute and the staff is very pleasant, no matter how big or small your day's purchase is.Great classic Whoopie Pie! They also had Pumpkin for the fall season, and I enjoyed both. Nice and efficient counter service!French macaroons are delightfully yummy. Passion fruit whoopie pie is sweet, soft and creamy. Banana pudding is ok. Nothing special.I have been going to the Reading Terminal location for several years, and I recently just started going to their new location at the old "Mean Bean Coffee" place on Locust Street.    
 I just had their cupcakes and was impressed.  They were tasty, moist, and flavorful.  A definite hit.
Also they make my favorite brownie of all time - The Sante Fe Brownie - which is made with cayenne pepper and cinnamon.  A good treat for those who want an "edgey" update on the classic brownie recipe.  Also try the Monkey Brownie...it had bananas, chocolate, and coconut.  And the flavors worked nicely....
Staff is pleasant and helpful.
Bathrooms = Clean.Aww buck up cupcake.  I know it's hard looking so delicious and cute, and I don't blame you for literally crumbling under the pressure of my anticipation of your sweetness.  But your frosting hat... it just sorta tasted like plain butter... and you were just so dry.. sigh.The Reading Terminal Market reminded me of the Granville Market in Vancouver, Canada, or the Grand Central Market in Los Angeles, and to some extent Pike Place in Seattle.  I'm sure like those markets, this market changed over the years.  Even though its semi touristy, the prices are not completely outrageous, and its a feast for the eyes and senses.
I did stop at Flying Monkey Bakery and was told I had to get the Butter Cake, which were amazingly good (but messy!).  My boyfriend looked up the Butter Cake, and its of German decent.  I can't really describe it, but it's soft, gooey, and well, buttery. 
If I had a car (or more luggage space) I would have purchased more goodies.A solid place to grab a quick bite to eat when you're in the city. They make amazing Whoopie pies but the location is extremely crowded.Flying Monkey delivers whoopie pies galore.  Located in Reading Terminal Market, this shop is right in the center and there's a ton of dessert competition around the whole place. They also had a few other desserts such as pies, pumples, and cakes in addition to coffee and teas, but we went with the whoopie pies since that's what they're known for.
We purchased 6 out of 8 flavors (buy 11, get 1 free at a cost of $2.50 each). They survived our 2.5 hour drive and still tasted super fresh when we dug into our box once we got home. I was a big fan of the peanut butter and classic flavors. The cakes were soft and chewy and the fillings were fluffy.
The line may seem long, but it goes by fast. They also accept credit cards via Square.The Best cupcake I ever had!! I had the vanilla and the strawberry daiquiri, and they were great. The icing is  whipped and not too sweet.I had so many high expectations for Flying Monkey.  I had heard several friends rave about it and the menu looked so good, I couldn't wait to try it out.  I was really disappointed.  The kind of cupcakes I wanted were sold out for the day (which is fine...it was after 4 pm...i understand).  But I'm not picky, so I ordered something different.  I got a couple of cupcakes but they were all very dried out, especially the ones with some kind of filling.  Not sure if it was because it was later in the day but if the cupcakes were made fresh that day, it shouldn't have been a problem.  I probably won't come back here.We found the Flying Monkey on yelp, but when we got there (around 5pm), there wasn't much of a selection left, so I got both the Hansel and Gretel chocolate and vanilla cupcakes (which are HUGE), and the lavender buttercream. The cupcakes were pretty good, but I thought the thick layer of frosting was only okay. Also couldn't resist trying their peanut butter brownies, which were SOOO GOOOD.Flourless monster cookie and flourless chocolate cake were both amazing!Why is the average rating for this place so high? It's OVERRATED. The cupcakes were disgusting, with their slippery-as-a-slug frosting and dry-as-the-Sahara-Desert cake.Flying Monkey is my go-to bakery at the Reading Terminal Market.  I have tried several others, but finding myself going back to Flying Monkey.  It is not the best location in the market, so the lines are often a little less crowded.
My favorites are the double chocolate M&M cookie and the cheesecake brownie.  Today, I got a red velvet whoopee pie.  The thing I like best about their wide variety of whoopee pies is that they do not overstuff them with icing and their cakes are a little firmer and drier than you normally find in a whoopee pie.  This allows you to eat it without making a mess of yourself and, even better, more easily share some with your friends!Beautiful cakes and desserts! I got a fruity pebbles rice crispy treat! So delicious! It was exactly what I wanted! The staff was so friendly!When Termini Bros was closed today for Easter Monday, our hearts sank ... we wanted another amazing cannoli.
Time for Flying Monkey to attempt a rescue.  We got a classic whoopie pie and a "whoopwich" (chocolate cake-like cookies with a chocolate chip frosting center).  The whoopwich was pretty good (3.5 stars out of 5) but the cake-cookies were a bit overdone.  As for the classic whoopie pie?  Perfectly moist, soft, chocolaty (4.5 stars).  I do wish it had been a bit bigger for the price, but what can ya do when you're in the land of high-priced touristy food attractions.
If you can't get a cannoli at Termini Bros for whatever reason, then go get a classic whoopie pie at Flying Monkey ... or get two, they're pretty darn good.I might be biased because I work at another business in the market, but I stop here at least once (sometimes twice!) a day. I still feel the same as my review from 2 years ago. They have great coffee that's brewed constantly in small batches and their cake truffles are the perfect bite of moist sweetness when you have a craving. I die for their chocolate chip cookies and the customer service is some of the best in the building. The buttercake is still my favorite! If you are in the market and need something sweet, this is the place to keep at the top of your list.Just not as good as the other "cupcakeries" in town.  The icing, as many others have mentioned, is like a stick of butter has been smeared on top of what is too often, a too-dry cupcake.  The brownies are better, but you have better dessert options in the Terminal.
Too bad, because when it first opened, Flying Monkey offered cakes by the slice and could have been a much-needed (and much-visited) dessert spot.I really, really, really wanted to love Flying Monkey's cupcakes.  I mean cupcakes make people happy and who doesn't love their logo?
I had seen the store in the Reading Terminal a few years back and always wanted to go.  A few months back there was a groupon where for $7.00 you can get 6 cupcakes.  I bought it, giving me a reason why I had to go visit.  
The lady behind the counter was really friendly and let me know that my groupon was valid for any of the cupcakes with the exception of their really huge ones.  She also let me know that most of their cupcakes were iced with butter cream, so like butter, keep the cupcakes at room temperature so they don't get hard.  
I was so excited when choosing the flavors, this was serious business! 
I decided on Lavender, Black Velvet,Tiramisu, Vanilla butter cream on Vanilla cake, Cookies and Cream and Chocolate butter cream on Chocolate cake.  
I brought them home where I cut each cake into 3rds since 3 of us were eating these and I wanted everyone to have a taste of each cake.
The one thing that stood out to us it the butter taste of the icing.  It was so much butter.  Someone said that they felt that they were just eating a stick of butter and that wasn't good.    
Black Velvet - 2 of us liked this one the best.  I really enjoyed the cream cheese icing.  
Cookies and Cream - my boyfriend liked this one the best. 
Tiramisu - it was chocolate cake with a coffee flavored icing and chocolate shavings.  I felt that the coffee flavor was way too strong.
The regular chocolate and vanilla just stood out because of the overbearing butter in the icing.  
Lavender- This was the one I was most excited about and sadly this is the one that got the lowest votes from all.  It was hardcore butter meets really strong lavender flavor.  
I think I would only ever get the black velvet again, which makes me so sad because I had such high hopes.I used to come every few months for their cupcakes bc they were so good....I don't know what happened...the quality of the cupcake tastes like boxed cake mix now.I have some misgivings about writing this review becuase I feel like maybe I should try some additional items before reviewing. So maybe in the future I'll do updates. I specifically went to the Flying Monkey with a buddy of mine. Two large men headed down to the Reading Terminal after he heard about the Pumpple Cake on morning news tv. Once we arrived there were all types of treats but we were on a mission for the Pumpple Cake. 
First i have to say I was "underwhelmed" with the young woman who helped us. Clearly we were excited to have found this famous treat and she couldnt have cared less and seemed eager to only ring us up and move on with her life. I know thats not a death sentence but thats not the type of service people typically give in Reading Terminal Market. Its a very "Philly" place. People are friendly and helpful without being annoying or a pain in the ass.
Then the cake itself was surprisingly just ok. It was decent cake but nothing to make a return visit for and definitely not worth $8.00 a slice. It was a bit dry and bland to tell the truth. I was really disappointed but would defintiely go back and try other items before writing the place off.So it appears that the Flying Monkey, a staple of the Reading Terminal Market since God-knows-when, has come under new ownership. This, it seems, was a good decision.
I have 7 letters for you all: P-U-M-P-P-L-E. This cake, or pie, or whatever it is, is about a foot high, and 15 pounds (I asked one of the workers). The Pumpple consists of a pumpkin pie baked inside a chocolate cake, topped with an apple pie baked inside a vanilla cake. Insane, you say? Well...yes. But also pretty original and tasty!
This is just one of the many new creations that have appeared at the Flying Monkey since the last time I was there, over a year ago.  Formerly mostly cupcakes, the Monkey now sells whoopie pies, truffles and a new assortment of bars. Unfortunately, at a steep $8, the only other dessert I was able to afford in addition to a slice of the astounding Pumpple was the Arnold Palmer cake, a cute little lemon bundt cake that was just the right balance of tart and sweet. 
Service: market was crazy crowded and busy, it being a Saturday afternoon. Met with smiling and friendly employees who seemed genuinely pleased to be working at the insanity that is Reading Terminal Market. 
I look forward to trying more of the new creations the Flying Monkey is offering.I've heard (and read) so many fantastic reviews on this spot that I decided to forgo Naked Chocolate for this joint during my last visit to Philly.  What a mistake.
They have a fair selection of cupcakes as well as other desserts (brownies, dessert bars, cookies, etc.)  The lavender seemed a little....wrong to me, so I went with your basic chocolate, vanilla, and coconut.  Okay, it was actually "Blue Velvet" but chocolate/red-blue velvet is all the same.  
The cake - dense, heavy, a bit dry and somewhat flavorless.
The frosting looked good - yellowish tinge to let you know there was a lot of butter in the process.  BUT, basically that's what the frosting was - butter and a little sugar and not a whole hell of a lot of flavor.  And frankly, kind of greasy.  Not impressed.  
I still maintain - although I haven't been to a lot of cupcake joints in the City of Brotherly Love - that The Naked Chocolate Cafe is your best bet for delicious cupcakes.We had a whoopie pie and a cupcake, both were really good. would love to go back to try moreAfter my friends discovered this place, I went here every day until I left Philadelphia.  Essentially ALL of the cupcakes are delicious, and the Rocky Road brownie was also great.  The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because the variety of things available fluctuated so greatly from day to day.  I'd definitely return to this place...I really wanted to try a Flying Monkey cupcake, but they were out while I was there!Everything looked delicious and I love chocolate, so I decided to buy cheesecake brownie. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The brownie was dry and cake-like, and neither the cheesecake nor the brownie part had much flavor. It was $3.00 total. You are much better off getting a donut from Beiler's.The Reading Terminal location was mobbed, of course, which made viewing the baked goods and ordering difficult.  The deliciousness of the cupcake was worth it though.BEST chocolate cupcakes! So moist! The icing on top is not too sweet, but ohhh so chocolately. I also loved the donut muffin filled with raspberry! 
We did try some other cupcakes - peanut butter chocolate, guinness, and lemon, and creme brulee, but there were not as good. 
Coffee is good too and cheaper than old city coffee next door.I absolutely adore this cute little place located in my favorite place, Reading Terminal Market! My friend introduced me to their amazing variety of treats two years ago, and now everytime I'm downtown I HAVE to buy a box of cupcakes to bring home to my family. The flavors are delicious and decadent! 
One problem... I am super cheap so when they tell me one tiny cupcake is 3 dollars.. Well I'm upset... until of course I eat them. Trust me, they are so worth a whole three bucks!I don't get the hype. I ordered that pie stuffed cake CAKE for my husbands bday and yuk. It was dry and the icing was completely flavorless and the consistency of butter. I don't even want to think about the $80 spent on it . We've ordered whoopie pies and my son grabbed it and immediately said "I don't want to eat this!" ... I then picked it up myself and the cake was sticky WHY because the freeze their goodies so they 'travel' better. Whatever I call bs, they freeze it because making them fresh is not convenient... We also ordered the butter cake which was the most decent thing we've tried BUT it is BUTTER cake lol add a ship load of butter to anything and it'll taste good. I don't even remember the other stuff we ordered because they blew... Never again.I had the sugar cookie with sprinkles which is not a go to for me. The cookie was deliciously moist and satisfying. The coffee was flavorful and hot. I also tasted a piece of the red velvet whoopie pie and it was rich and filling. Must go here!My coworkers picked up a dozen for my bday which I thought was sweet.  
The first time I tried them I was in the city to check out an ice cream festival (so how did I end up with a cupcake???) 
I was tempted by the lavender icing.  
There were too many choices for one person to eat!
The bday batch helped me try a few more flavors.
I had wished they were a bit more flavorful, but I am glad I tried themWife and I took a trip to the Reading Terminal today, as she had never been and both of us had yet to try Tommy DiNiC's famous pork sandwiches. We randomly happened upon Flying Monkey Bakery while browsing the market in our post pork-provolone bliss/stupor. This seemingly meaningless and arbitrary decision to check out Flying Monkey's goods turned out to be one of the most important decisions I've made in the last 32 years. You see, Flying Monkey Bakery makes a cake that isn't well-known outside of Philly. Katherine and I have lived in West Chester since the mid 80s. We're a mere ~30 minute drive from Center City, yet we had never heard of it before today. The cake of which I speak, a simple confection that forever changed my life via its sheer deliciousness, is the Philadelphia Butter Cake. If you've never tried Philly's butter cake, do yourself a favor and get one inside of you ASAP. If you're not willing to make the trek, google a recipe, as most seem pretty simple.
While searching for butter cake recipes, I noticed the Serious Eats article "7 Butter Cakes We Love in Philadelphia." Flying Monkey Bakery is #7 on the list. The only logical decision at this point is to visit bakeries 1-6 and sample their butter cakes, right? It's the only way to fairly assess the delectable butter cake sitting in my belly. Once I am 6 cakes more educated in the ways of the butter cake, and probably 15-20lbs fatter, I will revisit this Yelp review for an update. Bakery #2 on the list is Bredenbeck's. They did an amazing job on our wedding cake, so I imagine they will be pretty tough to beat.I'm a sucker for good bakeries, and this place hit the nail on the head. Interesting selections, and yummy desserts. I tried a couple whoopie cakes ... didn't quite have the guts to try the Pumple Cake, but one day!I ordered a peanut butter plaid cupcake but probably should have gone with one of the brownies.  The cupcake was put in the microwave and came out somewhat soggy.I love their whoopie pies!!!! This place is my FAVORITE in philadelphia. They have seasonal ones: pumpkin pecan (NOM) that I have gotten more than once this season...I try to get there early to get vegan goodies because they'll sell quickly. Everything here is great and it makes me really happy that I can bring all my friends here and they can eat something with their vegan & gluten free options (like, one treat together is vegan and gluten free!) the guy who's there is so nice, funny. Support!!I unfortunately didn't get to try the whoopie pies, but the butter cake is delicious.Woohoo! Authentic Whoopie pies I had ever from this place of origin. Always many people here. 
Pies were great and creative. They had Irish Guinness, pumpkin and others. Price was reasonable. We went there in the late afternoon, not many pies left.Whoopie pies!!! I had one, then I went back for more. Just deliciousness to the max! Mint chip for the win!i'm finally a fan of cupcakes!
man, i thought their red velvet was good, but their mean bean coffee is unbeatable! the "cake" was rich & dark, and the buttercream frosting was smooth & finger-licking good! i can't wait to conduct a sampling of all their cupcakes.
i didn't pay for the cupcakes this time, but i will happily pay for them next time, even at $2.25 a pop!
and their logo and packaging are soooooo cute! perfect as a gift!
btw, some folks might complain that their cupcakes are kinda dry, but baby, they're moist enough for me.Get the mini flour less chocolate cake. They're so effin' good. It's a must try if you're visiting Philadelpia.I ordered the fuzzy navel and a strawberry banana whoopie pie. I sat and at the pie first and LOVED IT. I closed the plastic clamshell and walked back over to the FM counter. As the guy turned around with a look of concern on his face I said "Im gunna need two more of those whoopie pies." We laughed and he gave me tips on freezing them. Unfortunately with my 2.5 hour train ride back home they melted and got all messy. In the fridge it went and I look forward to eating them tonight!I LOVE flying monkey! I work in center city so I'm at RTM a lot and always like to indulge in their cupcakes. My 2 fav kinds are the eponymous "flying monkey " cupcake and the coffee bean cupcake. We always buy from here when celebrating staff birthdays- the cupcakes are so big we cut them in half and they have enough of a selection that everyone can kind a kind that they like.The pumpple cake is the dessert for the indecisive. Can't decide between pie or cake? Chocolate or Vanilla? No worries!  This cake combines multiple flavors with a layer of chocolate cake with pumpkin pie embedded in it and a layer of vanilla cake with apple pie embedded within it, slathered with vanilla buttercream. 
Overall, an awesome concept. I think the main problems we had with it was that we ate it immediately within Reading Terminal. Flying Monkey Bakery sells their cake and cupcake items cold. This meant that the frosting was a thick layer that just cracked and broke away in thick sheets each time a fork was used. So I would definitely recommend bringing back a slice to eat at home when it as reached room temp. So the texture was  bit off since we ate it at the terminal. I understand why these items are cold (keeps better and transports better), but I wished that they had fresh pieces for customers that wanted to dig into their sweet purchases immediately within the Reading Terminal. Their vanilla cake definitely has great flavor and was our favorite out of all of the pieces of this cake slice. 
Friendly service.Meh. I mean, the competition at RTM is tough. The oatmeal creme sandwich they had was tasty and my espresso cupcake was OK. But really, the Amish, Termini's and Famous 4th St will give you a better bang for your buck.It's partially my fault that I visited Flying Monkey during Flower Show time but, I didn't think the customer service was spectacular.  It was fair, honestly, I feel like they were a bit snarky.  Anyway, I bought the pistachio cupcake, it was also fair.  The cake was moist, I'll give it that but it was just plain chocolate something I could make at home.  The icing was really, really buttery with just a hint of pistachio.  I like really flavorful pistachio, so I wasn't impressed.  I want more infusion!  I was not blown away, just more of a slight breeze.  I don't think I'll be going out of my way again to get a cupcake from here.I've really only ever been to two real 'cupcake' places; Kickass Cupcakes in Cambridge MA, and here.  My major complaints with Kickass Cupcakes were that they were overpriced (2.50-3.50 for a relatively small cupcake) and they were far from kickass.  
Flying Monkey, on the other hand, does it oh so right.  Their signature cupcake is a chocolate cupcake, with chocolate buttercream frosting, and banana filling in the middle.   It tastes even better than it sounds.  And its $2.  They've got other cupcakes that are also pretty good for less. They also have a bunch other delectable sugary treats that would send a diabetic to the ER in seconds.This place is a delicious menace. You'll never get out without buying a dozen of something. Luckily I've found an offering of baked goods is a great way to make friends. The whoopie pies are my personal favorite, but I will admit, I've tried the pumpplecake. They offer it by the slice, so you don't have to commit to buying a whole cake, although I'm definitely taking one to our office party this year. It's one of those things, it's like Everest -- it's there, so you gotta. Just be sure you're ready for the sugar crash, it's brutal.Based on the other reviews, perhaps my friend and I went on an off day.  We thoroughly enjoy Magnolia's Bakery in NYC and had high hopes for the Flying Monkey.  We have been to a variety of cupcake/bakery shops with cupcakes of varying quality, but were generally decent.
We got the Pineapple Cupcake and were really disappointed by the quality.  The cupcake felt like it had just come out of the refrigerator and was not at all moist -- the cupcake itself was actually on the hard side.  The frosting did not taste good either.  As a result, we ended up tossing most of the cupcake which was a shame.  
So, perhaps the other goods at Flying Monkey are better or it was an off day, but wanted to give others a heads-up from a fellow cupcake lover.Ordered lavender cupcake and peanut butter whoopy pie. Each is $2.5, which I think is a little over priced given the quality of the food. The cupcake is very average cupcake, it doesn't have any lavender flavor, instead, it tasted just like sugar cupcake. The whoopy pie tasted good, moist and delicious, but for $2.5, you can definitely expect better whoopy pie. 
The service was ok, the lady let me standing at the counter for a little bit while she was busy cleaning the display window and getting ready to get out of work.Hmm, the cookie and cream whoopie pie was just okay. 
I was going to purchase some to bring home, but I didn't think they were that delicious.As a kid, my mother grew fresh herbs and edible flowers. So eating flowers was something I didn't know was weird until I was older.
Flying Monkey has cupcakes with lavender frosting and I love, love, LOVE. They also have really nice raspberry frosted cupcakes that are colored with rose petals. I love hippie stuff like that.
I have also tried the spumoni, which is possibly my favorite. It has pistachio icing, strawberry preserves and chocolate cake. The apricot is good, too, but you have to really love apricot to enjoy it because it has preserves in it, too. 
I really like that the frosting is so smooth. It doesn't have little sugar crystals you can feel while you're eating it like some commercial bakeries (that always makes me feel like I'm getting diabetes, gross).
This bakery also sells great brownies, I have had the peanut butter and mint and both were spectacular.I've only tried the cupcakes at the Flying Monkey, so I cannot vouch for any of the other items they sell there.  The first time I tried their cupcakes they were terrific and very moist and fresh, but unfortunately they are not consistent with the quality.  The next couple of times I was dissappointed, the cake was very dry and not nearly delicous.  Also I'm not a fan of their frosting as it is a bit on the heavy side.  If I want cupcakes I'll head over to Naked Chocolate, at least they are consistently delicious and fresh...and their staff is much more pleasant.Cute and quite tasty
Everything's good, take a chance
Get an espresso
Flying Monkey has some of the most unique twists on traditional treats in Philly. It's a great take-home after lunch at the Terminal. I love love love the Rasberry Jam Squares (not the most inspired of the treats but damn good) and the Santa Fe Brownies.
Their bakers are skilled, but not unapproachable if you're looking for something custom or a little off the wall. If you're in Reading Terminal Market (or on Locust St.) and you're not stopping here, you're missing out.Do you like chocolate?  If so, do yourself a favor and purchase a piece of the "chocolate chip butter cake," which is essentially a super decadent chocolate chip brownie with the top part of a butter cake (butter is the friend of all baked goods).  EAT IT.  I also enjoy the frosting they use in the whoopie pies, but they're still just OK, but if you really want something to kick you in the sweet tooth, get that butter cake.  HOLY CRAP IT'S DELICIOUS.  Sorry, no photo...ate it too fast.I can be such a bakery snob, but considering how many there are I think quality seriously counts when you want to distinguish yourself. Flying Monkey is alright - I wanted to love it because the name is so cute! But after trying various things I just can't bring myself to ever eat something of theirs again. 
I love cupcakes - I make cupcakes to pick up my mood, I'm even making recipes for my sister's books - but I don't like these cupcakes, personally. They're fine if you have an intense craving you just need to satisfy, but I think the cake itself is too dry and reminds me of on the stale side boxed mixes, and the frosting is just...meh. I've also tried their bars, and they seem to have a bit better success there since they're slightly more moist than the cupcakes. Nothing too special, though. Haven't tried the whoopie pies but I hope they are good - they LOOK good.
And then recently at our friends' rehearsal dinner we got to try their now infamous pie-baked-into-cakes. Two layers, one chocolate with pumpkin pie and the other vanilla with apple pie, frosted with vanilla buttercream. It was digusting. The cake was even more dry than the cupcakes, the pies were just so-so and did NOTHING to make the cake overall taste better, and the frosting? I could use that to seal cracks in my wall. Gross, hard, BUTTERcream indeed. Waste of money. Just take the concept and make your own if you want to try one! I'll even make it for you, and believe me it will be 10 times better.In all the foot traffic of Reading Terminal Market on a Saturday afternoon, Flying Monkey's Mango Coconut Cupcake jumped right out of its case and pulled me in.  The woman working there was nothing short of extremely pleasant and in good spirits.
I grabbed a coconut bubble tea from China Town and paired it with the cupcake. Definitely in my top  favorite sweets i've ever had. Fresh mango puree oozes out of the center after your bite into the heavenly rich icing dusted with toasted crunchy coconut.
Thanks Flying Monkey! I'll be back many times=)Wow, this place turns out some amazing cakey/cookie/freshly-baked-happy confections!
I do not have the breadth of experience or willingness to stir up anger in the "cupcake wars" to start tossing around superlatives, or debate who truly has the BEST cupcakes in the city.  I have dabbled with the genre enough to say that Flying Monkey is the one place where I have never been disappointed by my baked goods.  Each item has been, at a minimum, an appropriately textured (be it crumbly, moist, creamy, etc.), perfectly sweetened, charmingly and simply decorated representative of its class.  Most go well above average.
Of all of their items, I tend towards the cupcakes most frequently.  They are a perfect size - big enough to satisfy a craving, but not so big that you feel like a pig or a jackass if you don't want to share.  At $2.50 a pop, I also find the price perfectly reasonable for an occasional special treat.  Yes, I could make a whole batch of cupcakes at home for that price, but a) they would likely not be Guinness cake with Jack Daniels buttercream frosting; b) I would have to do the work and dirty the kitchen; and 3) I would then be stuck with 23 extra cupcakes because I really only want one.  I have the good fortune of living nearby and have been lucky enough to sample most of their cake and frosting flavors in various combinations just by stopping in randomly.  Some of the more unique flavors (chai tea, jasmine...) show up only rarely, but one could easily order a batch (12) of them at any time.  I appreciate the attention that shines through in ingredient choices.  For example, the frosting under the generous shredded coconut is not plain old vanilla - there is coconut cream in there.
The selections of brownies, blondies and cookies are similarly excellent, and I did not know "whoopie pies" could be so diverse.  The oatmeal cookie with caramel filling is a stroke of pure brilliance.
So, while i won't say that Flying Monkey is the best in the city, I will say that it is the place I most want to patronize for my baked good needs.So for my pre-half marathon meal, I decided to treat myself to something sweet.  I went with the pumpkin whoopie pie and the red velvet.  They were both awesome, although the pumpkin cake was a little moister.  The cream cheese icing was delicious, and not too sweet.  I really want to try that pumple cake, but I need to enlist an army to try it with me to avoid the calorie consumption.  I'm kind of surprised by the negative reviews, maybe they've altered some things, because I have nothing negative to say.I love food, I am not a dessert person. I have never had a birthday cake, I do not eat donuts or cupcakes. Well one day working, one of my patients brought these cupcakes for me as a gift and demanded I try it, we'll I fell in love with them. They are so moist and full of flavor and yet still not too sweet. I look forward to coming and buying myself someI usually walked pass this place a lot of the times I was on my destination to grabbing myself some food to eat instead of snacks and treats as sold here, but I told myself one day walking through the terminal Im a need a sweet dessert to go with my meal that day so then it happened. I tried out the "Apple butter cake bar" which I brought two that came to $3.00 a piece which was pretty decent to me for the size so no complaints here, anyway the very 1st bite I took instantly put a BIG GIANT SMILE on my face. The flavor of the bar was so sweet and buttery on the inside that I fell in love, it's good room temperature or chilled, mines was chilled cause I put it in the fridge once I got home regardless still was banging. Highly recommend...I also brought a cheesecake brownie which I haven't tried yet but I keep everybody tunedI only tried the pumpple cake.  i'm a big fan of the innovation of the pumpple cake.  it was good, but more of a novelty than the most amazing cake ever created.
i'd like to go back to try their cupcakes and whoopie pies.  they looked great!I will have to go back, because there must have been something wrong when I went the other day at lunch.  The cupcake I ate half of was not good.  The crumb was fine, but the flavor of the cake came off like a kid had made it.  Too much baking powder?  Salty and unappealing.  Neither cupcakes we bought made the grade.  One was chocolate, the other was lavender. 
We were disappointed.  Next time we'll try something other than cupcakes.I've never been disappointed by the goodness of Flying Monkey baked goods.  Sure, their prices can be a bit steep, but attribute that to the recent cupcake craze makin' inflation across the board.  Varieties vary each morning, ranging from delicious red velvet to chocolate hazelnut to pumpkin whoopie pies, to my all-time favourites, chai tea cupcakes and whiskey cake truffles.  The latter two are subtle in flavour, moist and crumbly.
Plus, a place which imagines the now-infamous Pummple dessert consisting of a whole pie baked in a whole cake, answering that age-old question, "cake or pie?"  Props for mad insanity, yo.
Be sure to bring cash if you're gonna buy dessert -- minimum charge of $10 if you're paying by card.I love the fruit filled cupcakes like the Apricot and the Lemon-Blackberry.  The coconut cupcakes here at Flying Monkey has probably been one of the best coconut cupcakes I've ever eaten....and I love me some cake!!!  I had the Mimosa cupcake once and loved it but have never been able to catch them again.I have been passing by this stand in RTM for years. I finally decided to stop and get a brownie fix. I had the double chocolate brownie and got  blueberry crumb cake for my mom. That brownie was divine! It wasn't oily or overly sweetened, but the chocolate was rich, intense, and just what I was looking for. I gotta admit, at $3 a pop, I could feel my inner El Cheapo screaming "that's more than a box mix." So, it's not a treat that I'll make every week, but when my craving hits for a real brownie, I'll be back!Been to this place off and on whenever I'm in Philly for the last three years. Whoopie pie comes in expensive, but ultimately delicious every time. Something about most chocolate cake sandwich with the tart sweet pucker of cream cheese icing is perfect when mastered. They do this well and price it almost unreasonably so. The lavendar cupcake and chocolate cupcake are small for the $2.50 price, but on my most recent visit were had great texture, tasted true to flavor. The hipster cupcake is solid here, not as dreamy as it could be. The price point is misleading and yes, tourists you are responsible.We tried the Flying Monkey for some dessert after dinner and we all thought it was great. I especially liked the butter squares...FANTASTIC! Nice selection of treats.Three more cupcakes from Flying Monkey to review.
Orange Creamsicle:  creative.  The yellow cake tasted like it had a bit of orange zest in it--just the right amount.  The frosting was creamy and had a bit more of an orange flavor.  It was light and very pleasing.
Peanut Butter Kandy Krunch (or something like that):  It looked interesting, though I expected it to be overwhelmingly peanut buttery.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The cake part was plain, with a creamy peanut butter filling that was light and subtle. The frosting was very fudgy chocolate and went perfectly with the peanut butter taste.  Excellent and wonderfully executed.
Spumoni:  once again, a bold combination that they pulled off to perfection.  This was a chocolate cake, with a filling of strawberry preserves, topped with pistachio frosting.  I couldn't have been more pleased.  Once again, as always, the flavors were subtle and not overdone.  Even the preserves in the cupcake were light, not overly syrupy.  The frosting was airy and wonderfully flavored.
Flying Monkey gets the fifth star with this review easily.  The cupcake varieties are unique and risky but always well done.  If you go, do yourself a favor and go with a more out-there choice.  You won't regret it.all i can say is there is always room for dessert!  and not just any dessert....but their yummy pumpple cake!!!  it's a two layered cake!  one layer has apple pie in vanilla cake.  the second layer is pumpkin pie in chocolate cake.  The whole cake is wrapped in butter cream on the outside and in between the cake layers.  OH MY GOODNESS!!!!  it's so delicious, so many flavors going on but somehow complimenting each other your taste buds will thank you for!  The pumpple cake wasnt on display when we stopped by but ask for it.  chances are they'll have it in the back :PYuck.  Buttercream frosting is not my favorite, and at Flying Monkey they use it in excess.  My friend thought the cake to frosting ratio was "amateur," but I think the frosting overload is Flying Monkey's signature style.  To me, it just tastes like eating pure butter.  For me, that means No Thanks!Friendly workers, interesting flavors of cupcakes (lavender, tiramisu, etc.), various pastries (cupcakes, whoopie pies, cookies, brownies, etc.).
We ordered one red velvet whoopie pie and a meyer lemon cupcake (both $2.50 each).  The red velvet whoopie pie was good...a dense, moist pastry with fluffy cream cheese filling.  The meyer lemon was so-so...lemon cupcake with lemon filling.  The filling was a jam or jelly like consistency and tasted like something from a lemon pie.
Not the best, but not the worst bakery I've been to.5th and final stop on the Flavors of Philly tour, by City Food Tours. This was a perfect ending to an excellent food tour. Each guest were given a Delicious Double Dipped Cake Truffle. Everything in the display case looked absolutely delicious. If I wasn't on a food tour, I would not have mind staying only at Flying Monkey and sampling the various dessert items. I definitely recommend this bakery in the Reading Terminal.Their whoopie pies are pure magic, especially the oatmeal and chocolate! But their butter cake is just to die for!! Super moist, not overly sweet and just all around incredible. And the chocolate butter cake?! Wow!
Tried a cupcake but found it a little dry, although still tasty.Pricey but totally worth it!  Consistent quality, great taste and a friendly staff.  The cupcakes are soooo moist.Love this place. Great treats and super friendly staff. I even got the kid a shirt as a memento of this great Philly bakery.  If you are at Reading Terminal Market, you should give this place a try. I recommend the whoopie pies and cookies.I love their woopie pies. I absolutely love their frosting. IDk what it is made out of but it is so addictive. 
Their cupcake is amazing also. Their simple chocolate cupcake is fantastic. Lavender flavored cupcake is also fantastic. 
The best thing about their goodies are not the bread or the cake part but their frosting.Maybe they were old but the cupcakes I ate were dry and not sweet enough. I had a vanilla. My son had a cookies and cream. Even he said the frosting was hard. Like a dried out middle of an Oreo. And my cake ball was gelatinous.
Other two kids enjoyed their whoopsie pies. 
Cashier was very nice.On my birthday I was introduced to their S'more bars kind of by accident but OMG heaven!!  These are better than what you picture when you hear/read the word.  The marshmallow gets caramelized & if you have the good sense to put them in the micro for 10-20 seconds, gooey Ahhmazzzing!!!  
I had the pleasure of interacting with the owner, Elizabeth, just prior to leaving town & with very little time to get enough dessert to feed a party.  I didn't know they only make these once or twice a week & that orders require at least 2 days notice.  However, she was very nice & accommodating. And, THIS was a bigger hit than any other dessert at the party!  - Side note:  someone also had the good sense to suggest organic vanilla ice cream on top...mmmmm good.
I hesitated to write this review because I'm sure it will further impact the availability of these scrumptious squares of heaven...lol
Enjoy!  You'll thank me later.OK...so like a few other reviewers, I like to consider myself a cupcake phanatic.  I've traveled alot and somehow always find myself at a cupcakery in new cities.  Now a resident in Philadelphia, I've tried Flying Monkey and came across unimpressed.  They are just ok, so so, meh.  I've had better and make better...and I've no need to go back.some of the best, most moist, wonderfully delicious cupcakes i've had! my favorite is the carrot cake. the cake is light&  moist with bits of carrot, and the icing is that perfect blend of cream cheese & butter that creates an icing you want to eat all by itself! i have tried some of their buttercream cupcakes and they are just as good, but my favorite has to be the carrot cake, hands down!While Flying Monkey may be a bit on the pricey side, for the quality of it's product it is totally understandable. Easily the best bakery in Reading Terminal Market, and probably all of Philadelphia, there is no wonder why so many people go out of their way to come by for a visit. I rarely have sweets, maybe once or twice a week, but when I do I make sure to get them from Flying Monkey. My fiancee cannot get enough of the Red Velvet Whoopee Pies, along with the flour free Monster Cookies, and I cannot keep my hands off their Cheesecake Brownies and Elvis Whoopee Pies. Most places in Reading Terminal are known for having a less than cordial staff, especially during the busy lunch time rush hours (12-2), however at Flying Monkey I have never been treated with anything but courtesy and respect. The tallish blonde guy who I frequently order from at the counter is super nice and funny and always goes out of his way to make me feel welcome.
As many reviewers have noted, the price can be kind of steep, however it is completely justified when you find out (you can see them making all their baked goods as the entire place is ringed with glass allowing for a full view of the kitchen) that they use only the finest ingredients and do everything fresh. Highly recommend for anyone who is looking for desert while shopping in Reading Terminal, or anyone who has a sweet tooth in general.They have a few vegan options, which are pretty good. The vegan chocolate chip cookies were delicious. I wish they offered more vegan goodies.Fluffernutter cupcake. It was the most amazing thing I have ever had in my mouth in the history of my time on this Earth. 
TIP: If you order ahead of time, they will make you ANY of their cupcakes *minimum order of 6* for you to pick up. 
Their desserts are amazing!! Eat your cupcake on-site so they can warm it up to just the right temperature for you.Tried the pumpple and not a big fan. Frosting was hard, cake part was not moist, pie parts were just ok.My fiancee ordered me a chocolate-peanut butter birthday cake, and it was decidedly lackluster.  Strangely flavorless and lacking.  A waste of money.The Pummple cake is only available "in season", so from September to December or so.  Very sad it was not offered so I got some Amish goodies instead.Small pastry shop in the RTM.  Whoopie Cakes and a small variety of other assorted pastries.  Nothing to write home about.A little dessert always makes lunch a little sweeter, so we decided to stop at the Flying Monkey Bakery at the Reading Terminal. I was instantly attracted to the name and the unique baked goods, like:
*Apple Bourbon Cake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=xZ9IueBPCJ-vDcTezYy63A
*Bananas Foster Whoopie Pies: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=jKR8E9dKGa15SDqMf02Gsg
*Ginger Cookies : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=BnMnRcUAz1sHlSVvODz8Tg
*Margarita Cupcakes: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=Vvi8ugUzqqJOiZY75u7B1g
*Moon Pies: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=54mODoPi4DtJOeUUWpHXZw
The most unique cake of all, Pumplecake, apple pie inside of a vanilla cake on top of a chocolate cake filled with a pumpkin pie: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Og1HekJMHKqsvtWaUp9V8g?select=O7jNQqoDbmnpMKiZiWjG4g 
YUMM, we had a couple ginger cookies, an apple bourbon cake and a moon pie. It was quite decadant and that's the way we like it.I'm not sure there is any other ingredient aside from butter in their frosting. I've tried a number of different "flavors" of cupcakes at this bakery, and all of them just taste like a stick of butter. Except for the lavender cupcakes which taste like flowers and not in a good way (is there a good way?)The Good - The butter cake was absolutely delicious (preferred the regular over the chocolate on) and the chocolate walnut cookie was spectacular with more walnuts than i've ever seen in one cookie.
The blondie and whoopie pies were decent but really expected better from some of the reviews.So after my friend suggested I try a treat from this bakery inside a place that reminded me of Pike's Place in Seattle, I knew I had to try it. I ordered their carrot cake cupcake and when I tell you that it was so moist and delicious, you have to believe me. The prices were pretty good- not too out of the ballpark and it seemed like they had a variety of pastries from pies, to mini cakes to cookies. You cannot leave Philly without trying this place out!I wanted to like Flying Monkey. Actually, I was expecting to completely love it after reading the Yelp reviews and seeing the strawberry buttercream with chocolate cake underneath. But I was left disappointed.
First, the service. Yes, you are in a "tourist trap" but you ARE selling cupcakes! And baking! And listening to music you actually want to listen to! Which are all reasons to be happy about. Even the days where I stupidly cover myself in flour while making cupcakes at work, I know I'm content and I'm never apathetic to people unless they deserve it.
Onto the cupcake. It basically sucked. The chocolate cake was extremely dry and crumbly. The buttercream separated from the cake for some weird reason and my cupcake basically fell apart. The strawberry flavor was there, the buttercream was creamy but there was a slightly greasy mouthfeel afterwards. (Do they use shortening? ick.)
I was hoping what they lacked in aesthetics they made up for in taste. I'll try them again but I won't get my hopes up.CUPCAKES!!!!  *chomp chomp*
I think this place kicked Sprinkle's in the bootay.  The cupcakes are super moist, and the frosting is so fluffy, flavorful, and not sweet!  You don't get that I need a gallon of milk to wash this down feeling after eating the cupcake.
My favorite flavor is the chocolate one with the chocolate frosting!  I also tried 5 other flavors which were all very delicious!  I love that they taste homemade.In the mood for a sweet treat following lunch on Tuesday, my beau and I swung by Flying Monkey for some whoopie (pies). We nabbed one each of the whoop-wich (or Cookie Whoopie?) and the red velvet whoopie pie for a total of $5. A little steep on the price for the size, or so we thought.  However, after we each took bites of our respective pies, I believe that these are just as delicious and satisfying as the insanity of $4-5 cupcakes I've seen all over the place.
The cookie whoop-wich was a nice welcome change from the classic whoopie pie, with a sweet filling and a crunchier cookie outside.  This was right up my alley.  The red velvet satisfied my beau's SUPER sweet tooth with rich cream cheese-like filling and a soft, chewy texture for the outside.  
BONUS?! Check in on foursquare and you get a free pin. Imagine how jealous your friends will be of the "I Heart (picture of a whoopie pie)" pin you are sporting around town when fashion week hits....
I also have to say that the fellow working the bakery that day was funny, personable, and friendly, which added yet another layer of sweet to this experience.  I WISH they were a teensy bit cheaper, if only so I could buy more, but I can recognize the value as being not-unreasonable.  Can't wait to go back and try some other goodies.I'm kind of upset I haven't done a review on this bakery already! This my favorite place to stop at for sweets at Reading Terminal (Other favorite - famous 4th street deli chocolate chip cookie). I love their whoopie pies, they are my favorite. I've had the cupcakes/brownies but the whoopie pies are the best. Just enough filling. My favorite is the pumpkin!
This past weekend I tried the cookies & cream marshmallow treat, AMAZE.