The meats where bbq to perfection. Excellent cuts of beef. All the vegetable and salads Excellent. The cold asparagus, shitake mushroom, Manchego cheese, papaya, pineapple all great. The Service was exceptional. I just wished their was a lower priced wine bottle on the wine list. 
That is what I hate about a $$$ on food. The wine is usually $$$$$$this was my first time to fogo.............the steaks were awesome....but i found the salad bar and the service to be better at chima. At chima we didnt have to ask our server for clean plates or drink refills.
i could  live with those 2 issues and i would go back.Very good food, excellent service and very friendly staff. If you like your meat well done you may have to wait a little longer to get served as they only bring out med well to med rare meats. Love this place!Don't go here if you're a vegetarian, even though the salad bar is good. Come here for your Atkins diet.  Each cut of steak is delicious and seasoned well.  It's not cheap, but oh so good! I was really impressed with the service.  You really have to be on top of your game to flip over the card to red otherwise the server will be there with more bacon-wrapped filet mignon.  How can you say "no" to that? DAMN!
I'm ready for my nap now after that food coma.Came out with my family on Easter Sunday. Had a very bad experience being that I go here all the time. The waitress we had was gossiping about other servers and not playing attention to the table. She also brought out the wrong wine twice. Nothing was done about it Manager just said oh sorry.If there ever was a meat heaven, I landed there last night at Fogo.  I came here for the meat so I barely got anything at the salad bar.  I must say though that their smoked salmon is fantastic.
After the salad bar, I pretty much spent the rest of the time eating meat, meat, and more meat.  Here is the array of things offered: lamb chop, sirloins, filet mignon, chicken, sausage, pork ribs, beef ribs, etc.  Personal favorite for me was lamb chop and the filet mignon.  The best part is somehow they are able to carve out from rare to well done for each when available.  You will be so stuffed guaranteed.Maybe my favorite place to eat.  You get the fantastic Fogo experience: mounds of juicy meats of all varieties, quick service, a robust salad bar, and solidly stocked bar.  This location, though, is in an exquisite old bank building.  So, you get a wide open dining area with high and intricate ceilings (very nice...).  
Only (minor) complaint: Things can get bogged down if you come with a large party, especially if you are seated in certain areas of the dining floor.
I have had several great dining experiences here, though, and look forward to heading back whenever I am in the area.  Do yourself a favor, and grab some piled meat at Fogo (keep that card on green).Excellent - we had a prior issue before but the manager, Ryan, jumped in and promptly took care of it. We came back for a second time. He treated us as his guests. The food was excellent, the service was even better. Will be returning!The food is so great! The price is so reasonable for a high-class buffet like Fogo De Chao in Center City Philadelphia. The salad bar is wonderful. I heard that you can even go for the salad buffet itself with a cheaper rate. But my family is a meet lover, we don't mind paying money for good brazilian bbq. Remember to turn the card to red if you want to enjoy the meet in your plate or don't want be disturbed. The free refilled-Brazilian drink (I forgot the name, but they will recommend it to you when you sit down, it's their house special) is so great! They will always refill for you even you don't ask.I thought I died and went to heaven. Latino men walking around offeing me the best cuts of meat, while drinking good wine. A pure hedonistic pleasue. Ahhh.
Great food, great service, and atmosphere. You bring your company.Taking the edge off of Holiday shopping with a quick drink and yummy eats right next to Macy's . The service is excellent . The cheesy Brazillion bread is a yummy nibbles, and If you just have time for the bar I recommend a protein bite. The lamb chop board was amazing !!!I've had the pleasure of dining at Fogo on numerous occasions and found the experience to be consistently top-notch. First things first -- the spacious interior of the restaurant is comfortable and decorated in rich wood, while the bar area is rather small and has a trendy yet minimalist vibe.
The servers start out your meal with warm, chewy bread served piping hot out of the oven. Mmm! You can nibble on the fluffy balls of dough throughout your meal and they will always be refilled. Meanwhile, take a trip to the salad bar. Alongside the usual suspects, you'll be delighted to find smoked salmon, mozzarella balls, prosciutto, mushrooms, steamed asparagus spears, and a variety of special cheeses. The mushrooms are the star, tender and savory, but the prosciutto is sliced a bit more thickly than it should be. Overall, a contender for the best salad bar around!
Next, flip the innocent-looking card at your table and brace yourself for the incoming assault of servers wielding enormous skewers of meat. Top sirloin, bottom sirloin, filet mignon, prime rib, beef ribs, and many more cuts are included. The house picanha top sirloin, for which the restaurant is best known, is formed into a U-shape before being skewered and roasted. The meat comes out deeply browned, with a juicy layer of fatty meat and a smoky, grilled taste. The prime rib is, in my opinion, the most tender of all the cuts. The flavor has a wonderful, savory red-meat depth to it. Fogo's filet mignon is predictably tender and mild. I suggest asking for it bacon-wrapped to give the mild meat a savory twist.
The other meats include bacon-wrapped chicken, parmesan-crusted pork, baby back ribs, lamb chops, and more. The chicken is a standout here -- perfectly tender and juicy. The pork ribs were tender as well with some citrus tartness, although they did not slide easily off the bone. The lamb chops are flavored with a hint of mint, although they are very salty as are the other meats I mentioned.
On the whole, Fogo's meat dishes are as rich as they are salty, so if you have a sensitive stomach then you may want to take your time with the meat. The servers are great about cutting perfect portions -- 3-5 bites worth, so you'll have plenty of meat to savor but it won't go cold before you're finished eating it. They are also very good at maintaining the temperature of each cut, although you'll inevitably be offered one of the last cuts from a skewer on occasion.
Oh, and they'll offer you dessert, but if you order it then you're doing it wrong.
Hit: picanha, prime rib, mushrooms, chicken, house bread
Miss: sausage, prosciutto, hot sidesSomeone should give Brazil an award for thinking up a dining experience that involves waiters walking around with endless meat on a stick. You, over there, with the meat on a stick, come over here and slice me some of that deliciousness. Yes, right onto my plate. Thank you. Repeat a few thousand times and you'll get a good idea of my experience at Fogo.
Fogo is excellent. The quality of the meat is superb - everything is cooked and seasoned to perfection. The service is also on point. The salad bar is a scene straight out of the food bible if there ever was one, but make sure to save room for the MEAT BUFFET.
I just love the sound of it: meat buffettttttttttI can't believe they let us in this place. After spending 9 or so hours at McGillin's on New Year's day, we decided to come here for dinner. Hammered.  Me and my buddy had our coins on "green" for about an hour straight...
...And everything was delicious.  Only thing was... we got cut off! From alcohol... NO. From MEAT!  I believe the waiter said: "but sir -- you already have that on your plate" when my friend asked for more meat.  Then they started to slow down before approaching our table. The nerve!
I think there was a good salad bar... all I remember was getting prosciutto or something from it though, as we tried to go the whole meal only eating meat on a dare.  I think we got our money's worth.
Next time, I will come on an empty stomach.As a Brazilian, I highly recommend this place! I'd give 6 stars out of 5. Where should I begin?
1-) Great salad bar - has everything that makes a salad bar complete
2-) Great servers - cordial, knowledgeable and fast service
3-) Great meats - they have ALMOST the same meats served in Brazil. Except that you won't find chicken heart
4-) Great entrees - pao de queijo, polenta, feijoada - these are MUSTS when you go to a Brazilian restaurant
The place is always packed so, be sure to reserve a table before heading to this restaurant. If you are cash stripped, go during lunch hours. Everything is the same, except for a much better deal.I have to say the experience was one of a kind. The ongoing supplies of all you can eat meat with a beautiful salad bar that covered a great palette of sides to your meat. I really felt like the workers all want for you to have the best dining experience you can find. This one worker brought back the sweet bananas with sweet milk and it was crazy good and not a regular side dish, she just wanted to impress us. The lamb chops are on another level, I've never seen Katie eat so much meat haha so it was all great. The thing that took away from the experience was the price tag. I feel like it was great but not really worth the amount we spent. $200 on a night out of eating was a little excessive. It's titled a steak house and was not the best steak I ever tasted and half the time you cannot appreciate the piece of meat on your plate because you can't keep up with what's on your plate. It was still a great experience and I'm happy to have shared it with Kate. We talked about it for some time and now it has been crossed off the list. This was a sporadic night out next time I'll know this is more of a planning type of eatery lol All in all I say try it out for yourself.My colleagues and I took some of our clients to this Brazilian steakhouse and I must say I was definitely impressed.  When seated you're given instructions from the staff on how the meals will be served.  You first serve yourself to the wide selection of items available at the salad bar (a meal in itself).  Once you're done there, you're provided a card that has green and red sides.  Very cool dining experience as you're able to dictate the flow of food from the servers on to your plate via the card (green = yes, red = no).  The grilled meats were excellent as they had a wide variety of different cuts to choose from.  The service was very attentive and the food was excellent.Yummy! Love their meats best compared to all Brazilian steakhouse in the area.I AM A VEGETARIAN AND I LIVED TO TELL THE TALE OF EATING AT FOGO DE CHAO.
Just wanted to get that out.
Here's the deal. Yes, Fogo is clearly a carnivore's dream come true, but I have to say, as a veggie, I really enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is cavernous, like seriously huge, and consistently really crowded, but my BF and I were seated ahead of schedule (we had a 9:00 reservation and were at our table a little after 8:30) and were served promptly. Our waiter/gaucho/butcher explained how the process worked, and boom, we were on our way.
First, we got the cheese rolls, which were awesome, per every other review of this place. Then, we hit the salad bar, which I thought was fairly awesome - good bread, great cheese, lots of regular salad accessories but also some original dishes that I loved, like a mixed bean salad and some pasta, stuff. There was a small hot bar that had some rice, beans and fish, which unfortunately, I did not like...but it was a nice thought.
After the salad bar, it was meat time. I enjoyed some solid sides (mashed potatoes, fried plantains and polenta fries - again, I appreciated that they were all veggie-friendly) and my date ate lots of animals cooked lots of different ways. I don't know the deets, but there was something wrapped in bacon, something with parmesan crust, something with chicken, and he seemed to love everything. 
When the waiter came and asked us if we wanted dessert, I laughed in his face. Ok, that only happened in my head, but no sir, I have no room for anything else and in fact don't need to eat for the next four days, thank you.Absolutely the best meat I have ever had. Walked in just as it opened and was seated immediately by w very kind hostess. Once seated I noticed that although there were about 15 people in the place, there were about 15 waiters and helpers. The cheese bread came and it was fantastic. My wife is from brazil and we visit there about once every other year and I have not had pau de queso ( think that's how you spell it) that is this good ever! I went to the salad bar just because I thought I should then quickly turned the card to the green side. Although the number of guests now numbered near 100, there were still many waiters immediately at your service. Soon the meat started to come and it was unbelievable, the ribs were incredible, then the bacon wrapped filet mignon, are you serious? I was stuffed and as happy as could be. Although rather pricey, i will be heading back home to California soon and immediately taking my wife to the LA version.4-star dinner, 4.5-star lunch
Fogo de Chão has a spacious, loud dining room, and lots and lots of meat.
I give 4 stars to the dinner because it isn't the most intimate setting and is definitely loud. The meat is of good quality and being full is definitely assured at the end of the meal. 
The market table (buffet style appetizers, soups, salad, and charcuterie selection) has good starters but not out of this world. The cheese and cured meats selection is nice, although the pieces are cut a little thick for my taste. The salad and vegetable selections are adequate, but again, it's a buffet style, pre-dressed salad that often has the tastier additions picked out by the vultures who get to the new bowl the fastest. One example that stands out is the one or two slivers of clementine that were left in a huge bowl of kale-clementine-mint salad.
What people really come for, however, are the meats. The selection has both variety and quality with options ranging from sirloin steak and beef tenderloin, to parmesan crusted pork medallions, to lamb chops, to chicken breasts.
The rodizio-churrascaria service is good but not mind-blowingly so. There are always servers coming by with meat options, but usually it is just a few skewers at a time, so you may have to be patient to get the type and cut of meat that you want.
I'd recommend going for lunch (a great value at $36pp) if you want to give it a try. The dinner is the same selection but with a $55pp price tag. The experience is novel if you've never tried rodizio-churrasco style meals before, but beware of high noise levels and a not-so-intimate dining space.Fogo de Chao is a great place, and a frequent for my girlfriend and I. Every experience we've had has been nothing but wonderful. We will always return for any celebration because the food is heavenly, the wait staff/management is impeccable, and the market table is fresh and ever-evolving by the season. I'm thinking about checking it out for brunch an upcoming weekend. Keep it up Fogo Philadelphia!Cannot say enough good things about the restaurant! Expensive but worth every penny. Very professional staff, great service,  BEAUTIFUL salad bar, perfectly cooked meats, and very quick and efficient servers/chefs.As I walked into this elegant establishment I was feeling a little parched after the mile walk to this steak shop from my hotel room and they sat my party down and poured me a glass of the best water I have ever put down my throat. Must go to if you want delicious water. Oh and everything is phenomenal as well.This place was amazing! I go here at least once or twice a year! It is a all you can eat steak place and they have the best steak on earth. I highly recommend this place.
$50- Adults
$25- kidsI'll give fogo 5 stars, everything was top notch, from the decor, to the food, as well as the service. As soon as I flipped my card to green, so many different kinds of meats kept coming my way, I couldn't keep up; everything was delicious! The desert was very good too, I wanted the cheesecake, but they ran out since it was getting late so I opt for the key lime pie; it was great! Thank you Fogo for such a great experience, I'll definitely be coming back.Great choice for Birthday celebration!! Plenty of meat varieties and very little waiting time between choices coming around to our table. Both our servers were attentive and smiling. We attended during Restaurant week in city center.The steak specifically the sirloin was very juicy and well seasoned tonight. The salad bar always offers a great selection. I enjoyed the roasted butternut squash which I don't think they have every night. It was obnoxiously loud tonight which I'm not sure if that's a normal thing. There were a bunch of Birthday celebrations and the table in the back was very loud which isn't the restaurants fault but just mentioning due to how I rated the noise level. Other than that everything was amazing. A bit pricy for me and what you're given and can actually eat but the experience is worth it to a degree.Nothing better than dinner and a movie, especially when the two share a theme; And last night that theme was giant slabs of flesh. So, after watching Delicatessen a group of us decided it was high time we try the famed Fogo De Chao .
And yes, once we arrived I was wowed, which is no easy task. The warm colors, walls of wine bottles and tall ornate ceilings complete with crystal chandeliers knocked me on my ass. It was instantly clear that the business owners knew how to take advantage of the City's historical architecture. The beauty of the dining hall, however, was hampered by a noteworthy echo created by the high ceilings, which resulted in a noisy dining environment.
Once we were seated we were explained by our waiter the churrascaria way of serving and it was grand. You get a card, green on one side -red on the other; Green means "keeps it coming wit' the meat", red means "Stop- I'm dyin!"  The slabs of meat keep coming, with no limit, for 50 bucks a head. ($25 for lunch, with the same selection)
The service was stupendous. The clearing of plates and refilling of the drinks was so fast I hardly noticed the waiters going through the motions of their profession. Food service was still a bit distracting since waiters would pop out without warning holding sizzling skewer of meat. This made the dining experience feel a bit like being accosted be meat ninja sometimes. (waiters need bells on each of 'em)
Now as for the food, little can be said food that has not been said already. The seasoning tended towards salty and suited the Churrasco flavors. Nothing was too lean. If you ask for well done, got well done.
Highlights included garlic steak, fillet mignon, bacon wrapped fillet mignon, and the chicken. 
The lamb was majorly disappointing though - way too gamey and tough. (and I Love lamb)
The salad bar was impressive, but NOT worth $50. (or even $25) So, if you are a vegetarian this is not somewhere you should tag along with your carnivorous buddies.
All in all a good meal.
A solid 4 out of 5 if you're talking lunch.It honestly doesn't get better than all-you-can-eat meat. I generally try to come during restaurant week, where they knock $20 off the usual price ($35 vs. $55); there's a few less meat selections, but still good enough for me! The appetizers are wonderful, but don't fill up too much on the cheesy bread and mashed potoatoes because MEAT. When your chip is face up and green, the waiters bring racks of meat straight to your table, so no walking required! My favorites are the top sirloin and pork ribs. Everything was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. I love that you can choose rare, medium or well-done. In between courses, flip your chip over to red and head over to the salad bar to cleanse your palette with a selection of fruit, salad, and cheese. When you're ready, flip that chip back over and prepare your body for more!
The last time I was here, I ate until I felt like I was physically ill, but hey, that's how your get your money's worth, right?This place is amazing. I am going to make sure I hit this place up when I'm in Philly in May this year. I've had many memorable experiences here: birthdays, celebrations, restaurant week, etc. I highly suggest tho hitting this place up during restaurant week where you will get the best bang for your buck. the ribs are succulent and melt in your mouth. everything else is perfect. i like my cuts medium-rare. however all types are offered. im sure you will not be disappointed. the salad bar is amazing, however dont let them fool you, because you can get full very quick and not enjoy the many cuts of steak. 
ambiance is wonderful and service perfect!The food was great, the salad bar had a descent spread but the meat did not seem like it kept up with the demand. The salad bar seemed small but I guess quality over quantity. The service was friendly but drinks took too long. Overall, I would go back but maybe on a slower day.Sweet mother of God, this place is carnivore heaven.  A protein paradise.  A mecca of meat.
Wonderful cheeses and Spanish-style cold cuts to be found at the salad bar.  It's hard as hell not to load up here but you must exercise restraint before you succumb to the onslaught of meat.
There's nothing I can really add to what's already been said.  To me, this beats Picanha in NE Philly (although great in its own right); FDC's variety of food besides the meat more than justify the added expense.
The only suggestion I may have is that when you leave, you may require assistance because you'll be in a protein/fat induced stupor.This is a great place to go to if you like red meat or are very hungry.....but nevertheless the meats are very good and you can choose how rare or well done that you like most......the service is good and the staff is constantly serving all of the tables.......the secret is to pace yourself and enjoy each of the cuts of meat......overall it is a good atmosphere. ...you will leave stuffed....I came here for my bf's dads birthday thinking that it would be a great place to celebrate at! I was a little disappointed. Food was ehh it would have been ok if it was cheaper but for the money they ask for it should be at least worth it. It's over hyped in a sense and so not good for romantic dinners it's too loud . *my opinion*To be fair, we went on restaurant week when the menu was limited. Nothing stood out to me, however, and despite all the hype it tasted on par with other steakhouses. I'd even go as far to say I like Rodizio a bit better, and for the price difference it'd almost be preferred.
The food was still good but at a high end restaurant, I'd honestly expect better service. Being restaurant week, I understand they were busy but even so they should still come around and place the dessert silverware in front of each person. Instead, the waitress threw down the silverware at the end of the table and walked away (I'm assuming to actually go get the desserts). Even placing the silverware on the individual plate would be preferred. They also didn't clear our plates unless we asked for a new/clean one.
Losing the most points, however, is the fact that they don't have a pastry chef so they don't make their desserts in house. All the 'big boys' do this such as their neighbor restaurant, Capital Grille which is also a steakhouse. CG's dessert blows Fogos out of the water. There is no comparison. Unfortunate for Fogo.This was one of my favorite dinning experiences-EVER. The atmosphere is wonderfull. Service was attention and knowledgebale. The food was fatastic. Bring a big appetite though. There was more wonderfull food then I had room for. The set price is perfect and the salad bar was one of the best in the city.We went for restaurant week and paid $35 each. I believe it's usually around $70. It's completely worth it for restaurant week! There's a green and red token card that you can flip to indicate if you're ready for more meat or not. They come around with a variety of different meats that they slice for you. The salad bar wasn't that special. There was just a lot of cheese spreads. They also give you some side dishes. My favorite was the mash potatoes.I love Fogo. I have been to another location so I was expecting the same high quality food, atmosphere, and service--and Fogo did not disappoint!
Sirloin cap and garlic beef are my favorite, and there were no charred pieces here at the Philly location!The experience wasn't all that great. The food was mediocre. I definitely had better food elsewhere.My most favorite place to eat of all time. This place is amazing and it's not because it's all You can eat, the quality, gourmet and 5 star quality environment make this place the best! This is the only place I ever want to eat now. Everything else is Sun standard.Meat is super salty, and you get it cooked correctly only if you happen to be first on the servers rounds. Oh Americans, and our love for anything that tastes like a salt lick, and calling it haute cuisine. Is it better than standard chain? Yes. But for the price go to a real steakhouse and get real steak, the way it's supposed to be cooked (heck, Capital Grille is around the corner!!!). I guess you CAN get super full (if that's your goal), and it is big enough to handle large groups, unlike many small philly places, so that's a plus. Decor is great, and staff was good.What to say about Fogo de Chao...I have been here three times and have absolutely loved it every time. The ambiance is great. Huge place, tables aren't on top of each other, and even though it is busy, you can still have a nice conversation with your dinner companion. The service has been nothing less than exceptional every time I've been there. Waiters, bussers VERY attentive. Extensive wine list, as well as traditional Brazilian cocktails. Last but not least, the food. They have a fresh salad bar has a great selection of meats, salads, veggies; enough to make you almost fill up on just this alone. But don't! The gauchos come around with different cuts of meat that are to die for, each more tasty than the last! Perfectly seasoned and cooked, sliced right there and placed on your plate. Oh and you get an endless supply of mashed potatoes, polenta, fried bananas(YUM) and little cheesy rolls. If you can survive the food coma you slip into, the desserts are well worth over stuffing yourself even more.Not really impressed by this place. An abundance of average food is not good substitute for high quality food (for me). Meat was really bland. Service was goodDon't go here.  The food is massively overpriced, and I mean overpriced, and the waiters treat you like a wheel in a factory--they are attentive early, then fade away and disappear, trying to get you to leave so that they can recycle the table.  It is good,  but not great, Brazilian food either.  If they cut their prices by 40-50% it might be worth it.We come here twice a year and normally would rate it 5 stars, but 12/19 gave the appearance of new management. Some more fattier 3 oz cuts than usual, constantly chasing after top sirloin and tenderloin, pushy waitress, confused-looking runner saying "yea" and "nah" or tossing sides onto the table or leaning hard on my chair and me to talk to the rest of the party. Towards the end, Krista took my girlfriend's full plate of steak from her, said "I think you're all finished here", chuckled, and walked off. Our party then asked us what the hell that was about. You pay $50 a person for dinner alone, and how it went this weekend just wasn't worth the price. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought I was at steak night at the Cherry Hill Cheesecake Factory. A stack of plates dropped, and the shouting and applause from the patrons confirmed I was eating in New Jersey but paying Philadelphia prices. 
The good: Staff is always well-dressed and clean, steak runners are always quick and attentive, almost all the food we did eat was excellent, tables are turned over immediately, shift managers are working hard to steer the ship, everything is immaculate. I just got the feeling the restaurant either got a new GM recently or does not currently have one.Made a reservation in the afternoon for dinner at 6pm. We get there and are told that we don't have a reservation, ok, whatever, our wait for a table wasn't long. It took awhile before the first server came to the table with sausage and chicken. Our waiter came to check on us. I told him the servers were not very attentive to our table. That's all it took. After that, there was a steady stream of servers and others checking on us. 
The food was delicious. The price you pay should entitle you to excellent service.After a weekend full of bachelorette shenanigans we concluded with a Bridal Shower brunch at this location. Now being from Atlanta I have visited Fogo before but this location gave me a whole new experience!!
From start to finish everyone was beyond warm and welcoming! Generally we are used to having the one waitress or waiter that we have to find but when I tell you EVERYONE AND I DO MEAN EVERYONE bent over backwards to ensure we had a fabulous stress free time and I totally appreciate it. Unfortunately after a weekend of drinks I don't remember any names but one of the managers ( short Asian lady) I think she was a manager but if she is not she needs to be promoted was soooooo amazing!!!! She held fabulous conversation while cleaning our table, refilling our water and ensuring the guy with the lamb chops came to our table(....those lamb chops are to die for....)! 
To end our visit she even decorated a plate very nicely for my cousin to congratulate her on her wedding!!! Now I'm originally from upstate NY and live in the south and we NEVER experienced Fogo like this...we experience that "I'm not your waiter/tress look" when asking for water but this location works fabulously as a team!!!
I definitely recommend this location and will return upon another visit to Philly!My colleagues and I had a great dinner at Fogo. I have been here several times and always enjoyed both the food and service. Tonight I took out my leadership team to Fogo both for the first time and they both loved it. ThanksI really don't know how any body could actually give this place 5 stars!!!
I must say that this place was beautiful. We went on a Monday night and the place was packed.  First we hit the salad bar and it was boring. Then they brought out all the sides. The black beans and white rice were blah and ice cold. Then the meat. The meat was gross , the service was bad. The waiters were dressed like a bunch of pirate's and they took for ever to bring the meat. When they did they keep giving us rare cuts tho we asked for med-plus. This place was a waste of 250.00 for 4 adults and we did not order and alcohol. We had the pecan pie with ice cream. They microwaved it and it was gross. I'm am so sorry fogo I wish I could of said nice things about your food.  But seriously I felt robed. I want my money back!!!!!Carnivores unite! I love this place, not only for their 15 different, unlimited meat options, but for their great naturally gluten-free sides and salad bar. I believe there are only a few options they serve that have gluten in them, including beer-basted Chicken, wheat bread on the salad bar, and tabbouleh. The bread that is served on the table is made with tapioca flour and is SAFE! I had NO idea it would be gluten free because it looked and smelled way too good! The crispy polenta, which is one of my favorite sides ever, is also gluten free and incredible.  Prepare to feast when you come here. It is worth every penny!Had dinner at Fogo de Chao Brazilian Steakhouse on Saturday evening. It was my first time and I highly recommend. The staff, food and atmosphere were great! I usually don't eat a lot of meat but I gave all of their selections (which was plenty) a try. This restaurant is definitely on my list to revisit.Go to this place hungry. If you're a vegetarian, find something else to do...because as far as you're concerned, this place is the Antichrist. I ate so much here, I woke up the next morning feeling like I was hungover. If this place was around in prehistoric times, you would surely find T-Rex and Megalodon here, with gobs of charred mammal flesh drooping down their chins. This place is good...damn good, I've never eaten at a steak house like it. And to be honest, the prices are surprisingly good. Check it out, and have fun!I was interning on this block when Fogo de Chao opened, and once I learned the concept, I started concocting elaborate ways to afford it until the perfect opportunity presented itself: my college graduation dinner when the family was in town. 
Getting my degree the next day was awesome, no doubt, but Fogo de Chao almost eclipsed that joy. 
For those unfamiliar, Fogo de Chao is a Brazilian churrascaria, or steakhouse. For $45, a prix-fixe menu is served by a team of waiters. You're given a two-sided placard to control the continuous service - one side green (Bring On The Meat), the other side red (Hold Up, I Need To Chew). If you're on green, waiters will descend offering up 15 different cuts of meat. I heartily recommend the chicken, filet mignon, and the garlic beef.
The side dishes include cheesy popovers, fried plantains, crispy polenta, and creamy seasoned mashed potatoes. Most people choose to skip the salad bar, but it's quite impressive, with giant chunks of fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, and the largest and most tender asparagus I've ever eaten. 
The prix-fixe menu includes the salad bar, the meat and side dishes, but not dessert or drinks. Even though I was too stuffed to sample dessert, I was not disappointed. It was a truly unique experience. Fogo de Chao is excellent for groups and received unanimous rave reviews from my finicky family, but be sure to make a reservation.#FOGO NO GO
I have never been so DISAPPOINTED  with the service that we received tonight 9/18/16.
It started with them only offering us ONLY chicken (came by 4x's) No Red meats came by for over 30mins and when it did come by we were NOT offered any (with the card facing green)
When I asked the waiter how the card works bc I just thought we weren't doing it correctly bc they would just walk right pass us (table for 4)... while I was talking to the waiter the meat carver guy comes over while I was talking to the waiter and interrupted my conversation with an attitude telling me that I should tell him what kinds I meats I want (with an attitude).
Tried to calm down with the service we were receiving and next thing you know..... a female waitress comes on over throwing the #Fbomb "f-ing GRimmy" heard the F word 3xs during my dinner....Excellent dining experience again at Fogo de Chao. The staff are very attentive. There is one gentleman in those blue shirts that always makes our dining experience very pleasant. The new hot bar was nice - I had the black beans. And the lamb chops were the bomb!!Make reservations on the weekend.  This place was still hopping at 10pm. Meat lovers paradise!  Noise level a little too high for my tastes.  Food was excellent as was the service.I ate here in 2013.  It was memorable.  My business partner and I wanted to roll out of the restaurant we were so full.  I had to walk to Independence Hall and back to work off some of the food.  Actually, this is the only complaint.  There was so much food, that I ate too much.  I wish we had the opportunity to eat more salad bar, but after one trip they were offering us lots of meat and vegetables.  I ate so much meat that I wanted someone to wheelbarrow me out of the restaurant.  The food was excellent -- very well prepared.  I just did not need to eat that much food.Easily one of my favorite steakhouses! Unlike all other restaurants, they dont make you full by serving you a lot of bread or appetizers, they start serving you the good stuff! The steaks are served to you whenever you want so you can literally only eat steak the entire meal. Also, their steaks are GREAT quality and delicious. There are SO many to choose from it's really cool and easily one of my favorite places to go. I love the idea of having so many servers bring you FRESH steak thats warm and juicy straight from the kitchen and you dont have to eat appetizers or anything. Absolutely awesome.Personally, if I'm going to head into the city and drop $50-$75 for dinner, I'd probably prefer to go to one of the thousands of amazing restaurants with a regular a la carte menu... either way, you walk out stuffed... This is 'merica after all.  
But hey... for any Brazilian Steakhouse (and I've been to them IN Brazil) or any buffet for that matter, Fogo is definitely going to be one of the best experiences. The ambiance and unique architecture is breathtaking, the appetizer/salad bar is off the hook, and of course... the endless meat is incredible - a good medium rare is usually available.  All of this is only surpassed by the 5 star service. They really have the royal treatment down.  
We went with mom, pop, and our 2 year old son.  They did such a good job of making us feel special and entertaining the boy through a long meal.  If they had a MySpace, I'd totally be giving them kudos...Amazing experience.  Excellent service. wonderful selection of meats. Make sure to save room for dessertyou walk in past a HUUUUUGE ....salad bar probably 30 feet long and around... waiter takes drink orders. you are given a card with a green side and a red side. if you leave your green side face up, there are about 10 cooks walking around with spears of different meats and they stop and ask if you would like some and how you take it(temperature ) then slice off the perfect piece and move on; awesome. think they offer one pork, two chickens, one lamb, and about 6 or 7 different cuts of beef...then you continue this process until you're literally ready to explode then turn your card to the red side when you don't want the cooks to approach anymore. only down side is its 50 bucks ahead; but for the quality of food your eating it almost makes it worth if. awesome place - a meat lovers heaven.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia and best Brazilian restaurant I've been to! The meat is high quality and deliciously cooked. Fantastic, attentive service. You get what you pay for!Food was great but the speed at which the meat servers came around was sporadic. There were several 10-15 min intervals where nobody came. It made dinner feel a little awkward because you were sitting there doing nothing. Also we weren't given any menus, just explained to how the service works and so no way of knowing how the prices work. When you have a table of 8 that can be pretty significant. Still overall, for a romantic evening for 2 it should be very nice. I guess my lesson learned is don't be embarrassed to ask prices before hand, though I still feel like if we aren't given menus, we shouldn't have to ask.Great service, wonderful for restaurant week. The food is always cooked closed to perfection and high quality. Now, if you're only for the meats, you probably don't wanna indulge way too much because you'll get very full. You must check out the salad bar! It's more than just cold cuts and sides. It's great additions to the meats you get on your plate. Perfect for family and date nights!Although I'm not a huge red meat lover, I was very impressed by Fogo.  Came here during restaurant week with my team from work. It was $35 a person for endless appetizers, salad bars, and meats. 
The sides they brought to the table weren't anything spectacular. The salad bar, however, definitely was. They have an assortment of cheeses, salads, and veggies. For me it was the highlight. 
I didn't have a lot of the meat options, but the pineapple chicken was the best ish I've ever tasted! It was the perfect amount of moist, juicy, and crispy. Included with restaurant week was dessert - I got the delicious chocolate cake, but tried my friend's key lime pie and wish I chose that one. 
Fogo also accommodated our large party of 15 and their service was exceptional. If you want a bang for your buck, def check it out during restaurant week...that deal cannot be friggin beat for a luxury, up-scale dinner in the city!This is more than a meal, it's an experience.  I have to be carried out of this place. Their meats are mouth watering and you can have as much as you want.  Wear loose pants and make sure you try their fried bananas, yummy:)Holy meat, Batman! (giggity)
How could ANYONE possibly say anything negative about this place? When you walk in, the immense wine cellar greats you along the walls and the high ceilings and beautiful fixtures let you know that this place will be something special.
The salad bar is beyond belief. I could've made an entire meal out of that alone. Beautiful vegetables (I was a fan of the huge stalks of asparagus) and delicious cheeses = heaven for me! The waiter service is out of this world - as soon as you're done with what your eating, your dirty plates are whisked away and replaced with shiny new ones! Not to mention the sides...as soon as they look like they might be getting cold or they have been sitting for too long (or you devour them, which is usually the case), they are replaced with fresh new sides.
Now....the piéce de résistance. There were several men walking around the dining room with different cuts of meat (beef, pork, chicken) cooked to different temperatures. If your coaster is facing the correct way (green means go, people), they will begin to approach you and offer you a cut of what they have on their skewers. Everything is seasoned to perfection and it's always hot - this will be the most mouthwatering meal you will ever have. It's incredibly hard to say no when you see these beautiful cuts of meat passing by your table - but if you start to get overwhelmed, you can turn the coaster to red. I'm a small person, but I'm pretty sure I consumed AT LEAST my body weight in meat that night!
With the various cuts that you are getting, you get more than what you pay for in the first 20 minutes. Yes, it can be pricey, but this is not the type of place that you go to every other weekend. After this meal, I pretty much went into a meat induced coma. Wow.
Totally worth it.This place is wonderful with delicious food. Though pricey it's totally worth it. Is great and nice atmosphere.Good, but not great.  Nice atmosphere, but limited selection, and the meat was relatively bland.  Without question, Chima is an overall better Brazilian steakhouse.This place is great.  I have been several times in Philly and even more in DC.  I have to admit the DC location is much, much better, but the Philly site is still great.  Food comes out hot and often.  If you do not see what you are looking for, ask.  They will bring it.  The key is not to be shy.  It took me a few trips before I realized this.  Go hungry. 
The only thing I would say as a negative is compared to the DC location.  DC is bigger and cleaner (both as a city and the Fogo restaurants) and the people that work in DC all seem to be Brazilians.  Philly, you get whatever.  Kind of takes away from the experience. The food is great at both locations.  My favorite place in Philly and it's not even close.Oh Brazil--how I miss you.  Luckily I don't need to take the 12 hour flight in order to enjoy an awesome Brazilian churrascaria.  It doesn't matter which Fogo I go to I'm always happy at the end of the night.  The one I went to in Brazil was better but this place is still 5 star worthy and besides--it's okay because I'll be going back to Brazil to visit my family in June.  
;)Service was impeccable, but my best friend (lamb) didn't make the rounds as fast as I'd have liked him to. Drinks were great but pricey considering how reasonable the main tab is. But then again, alcohol is every restaurants' profit winner. Anyway, the garlic steak, lamb and chicken were buttery luscious. Even the salad bar was amazing (and who wants salad at Fogo!) Went for my daughter's birthday and left with a protein hangover. Fantastic! Only downside was the guy in a tank top seated prominently in the center of the room. Should have moved him.Service Service Service.
The best way to  win me over is having great service and let me tell you the service here was top-notch.
This was our celebration spot for my friends graduation we were a pretty large group about 12 people. Once we were seated Our first waitress explained to us the process of how the the buffet and the meat rounds work.
Some people opted for the meats and some including myself though i opted to get a meal al la cart. 
Thing were running smoothly until I realize it was taking a while for my food to come out. I subsequently had to inquire about my food 3 times and I was starting to get annoyed. Once my food finally came it was not my taste. The cod was covered in the strikingly sweet sauce and I could not handle it, so I sent it back. I was super annoyed by the whole situation.
Magically (and I say that because I am not sure how or why it happen) we had a new waitress. She was high energy and really funny. She distracted my from the fact that my food had been late and gross. 
She changed the whole vibe. I also appreciated the manager who was like 7 months preggo came to the table a few times to check on us as well. She was really sweet and added to the positive energy.
Toward the end of the visit I was starting to feel sick the waitress was on tip. She got me a seltzer water with bitters and directed me to some plain white rice that might help as well.  She even comped the few desserts that others at the table ordered.
It was generally a good experience with a staff that was able to cater to our entire group.Absolutely, delicious. My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate his birthday few days ago and our experience was incredible. I personally like loud crowded places so ambience was perfect. They had a great salad selection that went so well with the meat. I really like the system where we flip the coaster to let the waitstaff know we would like some meat. The meat was amazing. They were very juicy. The service was great too! We will be definitely coming back, but maybe during restaurant week because it is pricy.ei 983%^%$457vb9345wygf7vn  hfgh 94t87%^$%#*05vn jflhg igun!
That was my sorry attempt to tell you how amazing Fogo is, but I just couldn't seem to find the words.  It is THAT mind-blowing.
We spent NYE here with a group of 7 and the night was pure magic (aside from my boyfriend's crazy psycho ex sitting two tables away, but I digress). 
I could spend the rest of my adult life in the Salad Bar (but not my elderly life - let's not get carried away).  Beware this amazingness if you plan to enjoy the various cuts of meat, though, because it's real easy to get real full REAL quick.  I only went back twice.
The meats need no explanation.  They're all amazing, especially the House Specialty Sirloin (it's like buttah) and the Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon.  But let's be honest - everything wrapped in bacon automatically tastes 120% better.  Filet wrapped in bacon should really just be illegal.  I think I overdosed.
But I didn't overdose enough to eliminate my desire for dessert, which was equally as phenomenal.  Five of us got the creme brulee but nobody got the molten lava chocolate cake.  I was upset about this because like any normal female, I really wanted to try it without ordering it myself.  Also, I may or may not be allergic to chocolate.  
The wine selection is fantabulous but beware, even the House Cab is pretty pricey.  Actually, this whole joint is pricey.  Don't go here if you're pinching pennies.  If you've got the cash, I'm not sure there's a better place to spend an evening.  Surprisingly, unlike other restaurants in the area, Fogo did not charge anything additional for NYE reservations, so that's a bonus too.
This place is classy, spacious, fun, happening, and delicious.  Don't die before trying it.  And wave to me when you pass the Salad Bar.
Warning: The above post will not tell you how Fogo works, just that you should go there.Phenomenal Experience. Really enjoyed every aspect of our dinner. Service was outstanding and constantly tending to the table. "Salad Bar" was 5 star with an eclectic selection of fantastic offering.  The Brazilian meat choices and constant sampling of perfection was spot on.
A real treat and we'll worth the $$.
I will definitely be back .Very good service. Excellent food. You will gain some weight, but you will never leave hungry.It is Restaurant week in Philadelphia. We usually go to Chima but decided to try this once. Mistake. Half of the meat items on the menu were never served. The salad bar was good, but it was inferior to Chima. Both restaurants bring small plates to the table to share including mashed potatoes, bread, and plantains, but Chima is superior. Only one of the steak selections was noteworthy. It was disappointing.Waited an hour for a table from walking in. 
You have to call ahead for it
It's packed. I'm not a fan of crowds. You can see that in all my reviews. 
The salad bar is pedestrian. Little variety. 
Seems like they have less food than Chima in general. 
There we times we were waiting for cuts of food. Like long periods of time...except Pork. They have a bunch of Pork in rotation. I don't eat pork. 
The drinks are better at FdC but Chima has at least SOME parking.  Chima has watered down overpriced drinks. 
The crowd at FdC...there were a lot of sexy women. 
And the waitresses are cute. There are just really nice looking people in general. I guess cause it's center city. 
Overall I prefer Chima. Bigger cuts of Lamb. Better seasoned meat. Never any wait times over 5 mins.I honestly cannot think of anything bad to say about this place. The girlfriend and I went out for a fancy dinner here and were beyond pleased. I wore a tie, but was apparently the only one; I saw lots of polo's and quite a few t-shirts for a place categorized as "dressy".
When we walked in we were immediately greeted with a warm welcome and a smile, and were then shown to our table. The hostess pulled my chair out for me, smiling. 
No sooner was she gone than our waitress came over, introduced herself, and asked if this was our first time there. After we replied in the affirmative, she described how everything worked (the 2 different courses, the green/red placard system, etc) and took our drink orders.
Now, I am not one to get excited over salad, but right off the bat I was impressed. The buffet-style salad bar has everything you could possibly want in a salad, and then some. Including a massive semi-hollowed out wheel of parmesan cheese. After reading here that it is easy to over-do it on the salad, I kept it simple. Also sampled the elegantly arranged cold-cuts they had on the end.
Back at our table, I inhaled my salad, eager to flip my card from red to green. I had been watching all the servers practically flying around with still-sizzling cuts of meat, chicken, sausages and the like; and I wanted in on the action. Mere seconds after flipping our cards over, our salad plates were whisked away, and replaced with clean dinner plates along with dishes of garlic mashed potatoes, fried bananas and fried polenta. Within minutes we had platefuls of assorted meats. I flipped the card back to red to dig in.
Every cut was divine. Flavorful and tender. The service was beyond professional. The atmosphere was classy and upscale. Everything from refilling water glasses to swapping out napkins was done with the utmost of care and courtesy. We finished with a delectable molten chocolate cake.
Definitely a place I would go to again, given an appropriate excuse, since it's definitely an "indulgence".
We left happy and full. 5 stars.NOMNIVORESS
Great deal for Restaurant Week. Rather than stuffing yourself until you keel over, you can get a really great well rounded meal for $35 + tax/tip per person which is great. 
Salad Bar Offerings - great! I love prosciutto, I love salami, a giant wheel of parmasean OK! Jumbo asparagus, roasted peppers, salad, more cheese & delicious smoked salmon. I know most guys try not to overdo the salad bar to eat as much eat as they can, but hey.. enjoy your meal, try a bit of everything!
Table Offerings - CHEESY BREAD BALLS helloooooo come in my mouth again! Soft, warm, chewy, cheesy, enough said! Fried plaintains, can't go wrong. Fried polenta? I've always been a huge fan. Om nom
THE MEAT OFFERINGS
- Pork was a little dry, well seasoned
-Filet Mignon - I asked for medium rare, i GOT medium rare, super tender thank you!
- Lamb - deliciously seasoned, perfectly tender om nom
- Chicken with bacon - actually not dry! It was good, and bacon.. BACON x333 
- Bottom Sirloin - tender, medium rare.. yes
-House Special - a little dry, yet bloody... but it was good! 
Chocolate Cake / Cheesecake were standard, but good.
 $7 for RW Caipirinha, yummmyy, fresh and well made, enough alcohol
Service - GREAT 4.5 stars. It would be a 5 except for the one guy that served our table who was SUPER grumpy. I understand he was swamped all day with RW, but at my job.. I'm not allowed to be grumpy, EVER. Other than grumpy man McGee, service was great. I put a plate down, they gave me a new one within 2-5 seconds. When I flipped my card to green, swarms of people holding meat came to my call. You all are fabulous.
Overall - RW best deal ever. Salad bar + UNLIMITED MEAT IN YOUR FACE +dessert = WINNING. GoIt's an endless supply of meat... I mean, what could be wrong with that?
The only issue I had was the price for a dinner rate. The lunch was much more affordable. Don't waste your time on the salad bar.
...Vegetables? Please.So much meat!!! Please do learn how to use the red/green card. CAUTION: once you have the green portion of the card on the table it's a non-stop meat action coming at you. Before you know it, you might have more than you bargain for.
All the meat in here are fresh and have good flavors to it. They also have great side dishes. Out of all the meat I tasted, my favorite was the top sirloin (medium rare) with a side of mashed potatos and rice w/ beans. I wish I can tell you how good their desserts were, but I didn't have the room for it (it looked good from a distant).
Oh yeah, this is a little late to say but you can start by checking their fresh salad bar.Even if you're not a big meat eater, the salad bar is enough to make the experience worth it. The service is professional and knowledgable of Brazilian traditions.Service is phenomenal.  The meats are very good and the salad bar alone can be your dinner.  The meal is very pricey (~$85 per person for dinner, dessert and drinks) and the room can be very loud and difficult to have a conversation.  Still, the restaurant is well worth the special occasion.  
Note:  All of the meats can be found from rare to medium well.  If you only eat well done meats, you will be out of luck.Make sure you show up starving, because the food is just brilliant! It's all you can eat so make sure you have a ton of room to try all the different kinds of meat.
I also recommennd not trying the salad bar. Don't get be wrong... It's a great salad bar... But the meat is too good. Don't waste space in your stomach! 
If you have extra room, try the NY Cheesecake... Excellent!I came here for dinner while I knew that eating there at lunch was going to be a lot cheaper with the same food. So if you plan to go, go in the afternoon because it's twice as cheap. The restaurant is amazing when you step inside. The one certain thing that took my focus, aside from the food, was the winding staircase in the middle that brought you down to the restrooms.
Upon sitting down, you will be served bread, and this is not just any bread. You will be served Fogo de Chao cheeseball. These creme puff-like balls are really soft and filled with cheese. I wish I knew the recipe! Or at least I wish that they sold these on the side because i would definitely buy a whole ton. They were so good! If i solely wanted to go back for this, then I would sit at the bar because I heard that they bring those out for you.
The food was really good and the staff is amazing and would entertain you, no doubt. Every piece of meat is cooked to everyone's liking and I find it really awesome that there'll be a well-done and a medium piece on the sword for different people. The meat that I would recommend is the bottom sirloin because it is really soft and there's no doubt about it that it won't be good.
GO GO GO. I recommend :)I can not stop raving about this place!  The food and service was AMAZING!  Worth every penny.I'll start by summarizing so I can save you reading the entire review...  Service is on point, all the food is cooked well and tastes great, and the ambience is fun and lively!
From the moment we pulled up to the valet (where 2 attendants and a valet manager greeted us), to the hosts (that had our table ready to go upon arrival for our Saturday night reservation), to all the waiters and servers who were highly attentive and never left us wanting for anything, the service was superb.  Definitely one of the best service experiences I've had anywhere!  Of course the food/steak was great.  It was all cooked well and had great seasoning.  Unlike many other Brazilian steakhouses, they also had plenty of people bringing the different cuts around and we were easily able to try everything without waiting.  Other than the fact that it is expensive (which I knew going in), I literally have no criticisms!!  
Here is a tip for you... Try the pineapple infused cachaca, it was amazing!In 2002 I read a movie review about Road to Perdition (starring boyishly handsome Tom Hanks) proclaiming it the next Godfather (my favorite book / movie). I went to the theater with the excitement of an 8 year old at Christmas... I left with the deep disappointment only known by Eagles, Phillies, Flyers, Sixers, Temple, Villanova, St. Joes, La Salle fans. 
I feel like that bizarre story above is a parallel to what happened at Fogo. The week following up to boo and I's dinner date I checked the meat menu everyday strategizing about what I'd eat first and fantasizing how amazing it would be. I read Steven B's top 10 list and when Thursday rolled around I was ready to get at it.
As everyone has already said, amazing salad bar, incredible space so on to the meat. Perhaps it was where we were seated (back right corner) but they kept bringing the same meat over to us. I got the ribs first and they were good but then they never came back, it was always the top sirloin or the bottom sirloin. Eventually I think we got to try everything by asking for it but there was nothing over the top that we loved and wanted more and more. I would have been happier just getting a couple beast mode salads (the salad bar lives up to the hype). 
I really wanted to be blown away but for the price we paid I would have rather gone to Del Friscos and had a guaranteed winner. I'm not a picky eater either (for the first 25 years of my life my favorite restaurant was Applebees) we just didn't have a great experience. 
Fogo to me is like college drugs, you should try it once to experience it and then from there you can decide what to do with it.Tried this place yesterday, I was really excited to try it bc it had so many good reviews.  I was very disappointed.  4 out of 6 glasses were dirty. I mean One had lipstick stain still on the rim of the glass.  All 6 plates still had some residue of food on it.  On the bottom of one, there was still some Caesar salad dressing on it.  The salad bar was ok. Nothing exciting.  I really had high hopes for this place but so so disappointed.We went to Fogo de Chao Saturday night. My fiancée has been there before and raves about it. This was my first experience. Upon arrival this place was packed. Thankfully we made a reservation. We had to wait about 10 minutes before being seated. No big deal. 
We got to our table and it wasn't ready. The server apologized up and down for the miscommunication and immediately put together a table. 
Then the fun started! Let me just say. I'm OBSESSED with their salad bar. I went back too many times to count. The highlight was the maple brown sugar bacon. I'm embarrassed to say how many pieces I had. But it was top notch and definitely deserves a shout out. 
The meats were delicious. I prefer chicken/pork to red meat any day. So I wasn't in love with the sirloin, Ny strip etc. I will say that out of all the meats offered that evening the Parmesan crusted pork was my fav. Regardless of my personal preferences, all the meat was top quality. 
We ordered two of the restaurants signature cocktails and they were made with some serious love. I nursed my one drink through the night. It was strong but delicious. 
Lastly, we made a little bit of room for the dessert. We were celebrating a job promotion and the servers made sure that whatever dessert we ordered had "congratulations" written on the plate (I was trying to surprise my fiancé). We succeeded at surprising him! We had the flan and it was decadent. I'd highly recommend it. 
Our dessert did take a little while to come out. But the servers/management checked in and were very helpful. Ultimately, they ended up comping our dessert because of the delay. It was soo nice and unexpected. 
Overall, we had a great experience despite a few mishaps. But life happens! Honestly, what made the experience so great was the staff and management. They were SO NICE. The restaurant was insanely busy and the staff worked so well together and they had the biggest smiles. 
We'll definitely be back!What a gem. Bring your appetite, and Fogo will not disappoint. The salad bar is extensive, the drinks are great, and the service cannot be beat. But the meat...wow. If heaven had a taste, they would be bringing it around again and again at Fogo. Highest possible recommendation.Can you die from eating to much meat? Asking for a friend. Haha all kidding aside what can I say dinner was a knockout! Great buffet selection and cheese menu. Every meat was to die for. Warm environment and professional friendly staff. Highly recommended!This place has an amazing salad bar that is really antipasto, Caesar grilled veggies cheeses meats fried polenta just a meal in itself or more. Then if your hungry the meats come. Great lunch salad charcuterie 15 dollars loved-itThe meat and the salad bar were very good
But when I received my check the wine price was reversed 
The menu price was 46 for the bottle
And my check was 64
I have never had price of a bottle of wine not be accurate before at any restaurant 
I felt this is done purposely
I have been here over 30 times but will not be returningI am definitely now a fan of fogo! I loved the salad bar and the variety of meats. Great service from multiple waiters. The staff get along so well and are enthusiastic to help one another and make it a wonderful dining experience. 
The only reason why I didn't give a five star is due to it being SO LOUD. I don't like a loud atmosphere while I'm eating or trying to relax in such a beautiful restaurant after a long week at work.
For me, I would love to return once a week however it will be a once per year dinner, unless of course I become rich all of a sudden.Really interesting and unique experience. Well worth the cost . Salad bar is outstanding - tons of choices , great cheeses , meats an assortment of different salads and pastas, I think they are trying to get you filled up before you hit the main course. The main attraction is the all you can eat meat - 4 different cuts of beef- chicken - pork- lamb. All the cuts of beef were great - the chicken was so so and the leg of lamb and lamb chops were okay - the pork ribs were a little over cooked and I didn't make it to the pork chops . The drinks were a little strong and the desert was standard except for the key lime pie . We are planning another trip in the next couple of weeks and are planning on taking friends . I would highly recommend Foga !!!?Besides them knocking my sister in the head with a tray and dumping the food on her the service is good( still waiting for the manager to apologize). I love their salad bar, I go there every year for my fiancé birthday but I took my sisters on Christmas Eve for lunch. Which was a great discount comparing it to their normal price. The lamb chops are delicious and every time they came out this guy ate about 6 of them. I was waiting for them to come to my table but he just requested for them to place them all on his plate (I didn't think that was possible) so I had to wait. The salad bar is to die for, I'm pretty sure a rabbit would go nuts over it. The lamb is always a good choice and the sausage. The Parmesan crusted chicken is a hit or miss. The dessert is also delicious my sister devoured the cheesecake. The side dishes are delicious, they are my favorites and the salad bar (the tomatoes are so juicy). See you again in AprilI went to this restaurant for the first time with 3 other couples. I told my friends and co-workers that I was going, and they all had great reviews. The one piece of advice that I received from everyone, and that I also recommend.....GO HUNGRY. I wish I tried the lamb, the salad bar and dessert, but maybe I'll go again during lunch, when everything is half priced.
What I liked:
1. The ambiance
2. The service
3. The Caipirinha (house drink)
4. The excitement of having unlimited amount of meat cut onto my plate.
5. The rolls, plantain, and polenta. 
6. Valet parking
What I didn't like:
1. The price for dinner. I'm sure this is not the most inexpensive Brazilian steakhouse.
2. The feeling of guilt and shame after eating until I couldn't breathe.
It doesn't bother me but:
1. After awhile, all of the different cuts of beef start to taste the same.
2. You will not be seated until your entire party arrives (shame on them if they get there late)
Also...after dining with a group, and spending over $500....we got two certificates for a free dinner. JACKPOT!Unfortunately I had an average experience there. Considering the pricing I expected to have a better experience.
1 - We had a reservation yet we still had to wait. They gave us a buzzer like it was the Cheese Cake Factory. Then after we handed in our buzzer they made us wait another 5 minutes to see if our table was ready. As we were waiting another waitress went to seat another couple. Made no sense.
2 - It was packed. I felt like I was sitting in the middle of grand central station. My boyfriend got hit in the head by a waiter trying to squeeze through the tables running past us. Too many patrons, too many employees, not enough space.
3 - Most of the cuts of meat were delicious. That's why Fogo got 3 stars from me. But unfortunately after a certain point I just had enough because the meat was sooooo salty. Sodium off the charts. I had to wash down each delicious bite of meat with water or wine. Wine was great though. 
4 - Polentas and caramelized bananas were ahmahzing.Make a reservation. Come during lunch or restaurant week. Either way, you won't leave home hungry.
Must try: whatever is served to you, but chicken was the best!
Meh: the pork - tended to be less flavorful
Missed: fish?
So, this is my first introduction to a buffet style Brazilian steakhouse, and I can tell you that if for nothing else, you should come and experience the meat-cutting experience first hand. I will say that living in Center City has a big benefit, which includes saving a ton of money from the optional valet parking. I will recommend getting a reservation, however, as the tables can be quite unavailable during the weekend or weeknights. Having looked at the menus, I think going for a lunch buffet may also be a money saving strategy without losing much of the experience.
Fortunately (and unfortunately), my wife and I came here during restaurant week. The good news is that for $35, we got nearly all of the experience aside from lobster and filet mignon that cost extra. The bad news is that everyone decided to come and that wreaked havoc on the service. I won't spoil the meat-lover experience in which servers will bring you giant skewers of meat and cut it in front of you...well, words don't do justice, make sure you take some pictures. The center salad/pickled veggie section is decent, but if you're here, you're here for meat, so don't be tempted.
Of all of the meat, I found the chicken to be the favorite, but since this is a buffet, you get to choose what you want to fill your stomach.
Overall, this was a great and slightly expensive experience, but worth it, x1.
Food: 4 stars
Service: 2 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 3 starsSteak is average quality. Me and my guest had fallen ill after feasting on the salad bar. I would avoid the caesar salad.The way this place works is kind of like a trade show. People move from table to table offering different "meat deals", and you take a sample. 
Nothin else to say about it so don't askExcellent food and customer service. All of the meats that they prepare for you are so succulent and perfect. The salad bar is huge and if you're not careful you will fill up on just this. Desert and the huge wine selection is the perfect finishing touch.Fogo WAS my favorite. I even argued to come here instead of Chima. I'm not sure what the issue was today but it was not good. All the meat that came out was dry, medium, rare didn't matter it was all dry. I used to love coming here but you honestly might as well go to Chima down the street. I'm not sure why it was below average today as it's Father's Day so they probably should've stepped it up. Oh and it's currently only at 75% capacity so being busy shouldn't be an excuse. Final thought just to show that I'm not another snooty stuck up brat, you can see the BURNT fried bananas that were served as if there was nothing wrong. When I asked THE MANAGER for new bananas she stared at the burnt ones, said no problem and didn't address that there were two plates of black bananas on my table. When the second plate came, they were still over done more than they should, change the butter it's already browned to death.Had some recent good things happen and my father wanted to celebrate. This place came so highly recommended by quite a  few people (and yelpers) that I had such high hopes...perhaps i just hyped it  up too much in my mind because i was underwhelmed. 
My meh experience started with the 30 minute wait we had even though we made reservations...I guess things happen. However, not to worry, there is a bar area and we could just wait there, maybe start with some wine. The service at the bar was abysmal... extremely slow and it seemed understaffed for what I would assume was the busiest time of the evening.
Finally we were seated (I did like how the bill from the bar could at least be transferred to the dinner tab). 
Honestly, I just expected more variety and better seasoning. It wasnt bad at all, don't get me wrong. But for the hype and the price I expected more, Ive experienced better so I don't think I'm being unreasonable. I must say the salad bar (well not all of it was salad) had great variety. 
Also I felt like the little disks you turned over depending on whether or not you wanted more meat didn't really mean much to the servers.The best salad bar ever. 
I was the only one out of my party of six that opted for just that. I filled up on that alone I couldn't imagine eating the steak as well.
Service was awesome. I don't think it gets any better than that.The food here is amazing and the service even better. Big props to the staff for being so courteous and attentive. Keep up the good work!Love this place! I go there a lot and it's great every time. The food is crazy good and it's all you can eat. The price is good considering the quality of the food you're getting. Even the salad bar is great. I can't say enough good things about this place.I joined my husband and some of his co-workers & their spouses for a business dinner here.  The staff were very friendly and attentive to our large party.  I preferred the salad bar to the endless meat.  It was huge!  The sirloin was my favorite.  I found the chicken too dry.  My husband really liked the filet mignon and the lamb.  It was a great time and a fun experience.Overall everything was amazing! Besides the fact that salad bar was $12 each person when I only had a little salad.  $12 for a couple pieces of romaine lettuce. I'll definitely come back, not for the salad bar.I've been here a few times and I must say the service is EXCELLENT.  I guess the advantage of having a million servers is that they can be everywhere at once.  Below I've documented a few of their uncanny timing's that I experienced at my latest outing.
Case and point #1:  making our way to the salad bar, my friend turns to me and says, "where do they keep the plates?".  There was a server right behind him handing us each a plate literally a second after he spoke.
Case and point #2:  My friend turned to me again and said "hmm, I'd really like to get some of the filet mignon wrapped in bacon".    "Would you like some filet mignon wrapped in bacon, sir?"
Case and point #3:  "I could really use a clean plate" --  "WOULD YOU LIKE A CLEAN PLATE SIR?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"    
GAHHHHHHHHH there was more, but I think you get the idea.  This kind of service is WHY you give tips at a restaurant.  Couple that with a very diverse and delicious salad bar as well as unlimited perfectly cooked top sirloin, filet mignon, rib eye, lamb, chicken, etc etc.  At $55.00 a head, you definitely get your money's worth.  Just make sure you come with an empty stomach.So we came back to philly for a quick bday dinner at fogo de chao.  Now we must say for the philadelphians, save yourself some money and go to picahna in north philly instead for an authentic/delicious meal, byob (they make you caparihnas as long as you bring the rum).  Last i remembered all you can eat there runs for 20 bucks!  However we had to see what all the hype was about fogo de chao.  Now the ambiance was nice, bank converted into a restaurant.  The salad bar:  dont go crazy, hold out for the meats, pretty much a standard salad bar, nothing authentic to brazil.  The meat is pretty much like all your other rodizios.  Enjoyed the filet, lamb, ribs, chicken leg (it was so moist, and normally we consider that a filler meat).  Although the other filler meats (sausage and chicken wrapped in bacon) were pretty dry.   The sirloin cuts were also good, we were glad that the meat wasn't overly salted as that can be a problem with these places.  Overall, glad we had the experience but probably wont return at $50 bucks a head.  Although the ambiance at Fogo is better, we'll make the trek to north philly for the cheaper and better dining experience.I had never heard of a "Southern Brazilian Steakhouse" before but during a recent trip to Philadelphia I trusted Urbanspoon and walked a few blocks from the convention center. This was a great decision.
First, you'll notice the restaurant is HUGE and features a highly classy atmosphere. It's upscale but not too stuffy or formal and the first-rate staff quickly sets the tone for the evening with an excellent service experience.
You'll need to set aside a few minutes for the lengthy explanation for first timers. At most restaurants, this is often a boring speech about specials and I usually tune out after a few seconds. But you'll want to pay attention here.
The dining model here is unlike anything I have ever experienced. Essentially, you're paying a flat rate (about $50/person) for a seating. You only ever order drinks (and, if you're smart, dessert!), there is no other menu. From there, you're free to help yourself to the world class salad bar with its selection of salad, fruit, meats, cheeses and more. Try to limit yourself to just a trip or two if you can, because the real fun starts after this course. Once your salad bar plates are cleared away, new plates are brought out and you flip your red/green coaster to green. This signals the wandering staff to drop by your table with one of the 12 or so meat choices they offer. Someone wanders over, offers you whatever they happen to have, and you accept or decline the offering as you please. If you decline, another server will be along (often within seconds) with a different offering. Trust me, take whatever you're offered and leave that coaster on green until you really can't eat any more. Everything was perfectly prepared, seasoned and presented. We enjoyed sirloin, filet, sausage, pork ribs and more. Each a little bit at a time. 
When you have finally had enough, switch your coaster to red and the offers of delicious meat will cease. Your plates are cleared away and desserts and coffee are offered. I recommend the George's Six Grapes if you're a port drinker and the papaya cream is a "must try" dessert. (Be sure to ask for the black current liqueur on top!)
All in all, this was a fantastic dining experience and I highly recommend this restaurant. Dinner for two came to about $165.00 with tax and tip so it might best be reserved for a special occasion if you're on a tighter budget.Fogo de Chão is an excellent dining experience. Servers come around with all different kinds of meats at your leisure. A dining card is given to you. If you want the servers to come, flip your card to green. If you do not want them to come over, flip your card to red. All the food is prepared to perfection and the salad bar is fresh and enjoyable. Desserts and drinks are great as well. This place is a good for a special occasion or a fun night!Had a graduation party for seven people on a Tuesday night. Service was excellent and scheduled through Yelp! Reservation taken timely and the wait staff was very attentive. I took the salad bar lightly due to the anticipated main course. Standard sides of garlic mashed potatoes, polenta and fried banannas were an excellent complement to the parade of meats which was the highlight. The Brazilian national drink (The Caipirinha) is a favorite here but a little sweet for my taste. Overall a great time!This place was great. Sirloin and filet mignon were so delicious. The wait staff was helpful and friendly. It was our first time there and we were very impressed. Salad bar was delicious as well. Four stars because even with a reservation we still had to wait and because you cant control seasoning on your meat (a lot of the meat was so salty we couldnt eat it.)Great service ... More meat than anyone should rightfully eat in one sitting -- but all tender and flavorful.  When you do find your way to the salad bar, you won't be disappointed.  Pace yourself... It's a marathon not a sprint.  Enjoy the flavor of the meats individually... Don't let them pile up the meat!
Ate with friends from Denmark ... They loved it!one of the best dining experiences i've ever had...can only afford on a bi annual basis tho. LOLAt long last, I finally returned to Fogo after a few years of dreaming about the glorious meat.  I arrived on a Sunday night without a reservation and were accommodated quickly with a party of four.  There's really not a whole lot to say about Fogo; once the waiter tells you the basics, you're off to the races.  The choices of meat never really stops, unless of course, you place your card "on red," which is very effective for when you need some down time.  We ended up spending over an hour at dinner, which is quite long for us.  My favorite cuts were the two types of filet mignon and both cuts of sirloin.  The lamb wasn't as plentiful as the last time I was here but I made up for it by trying my best to consume a whole cow.  They do offer some chicken and pork, but after trying them, I though appropriate to stick with the steak.  I can't speak for the salad bar, as I forgo that option when I dine here, but my wife tried her best to feed me my veggies!The top sirloin (house specialty) is a must - but be prepared for a meat hangover.
The salad bar is fresh and there is something for everyone.
Staff is attentive and atmosphere is great.Talk about service! This is the most professional atmosphere I've ever experienced in a restaurant. The wait staff leaves nothing to chance and basically stands around waiting for you to need something, as soon as you do, its taken care of in seconds. The gauchos are exceptional too, they will bring you any cut at any temp, and will even see that what you want is throw on the grill, if its not already on the floor; pretty awesome.
That aside, the meats are amazing; the lamb chops and bottom sirloin in particular. Don't waste your time or $$$ with the salad bar, maybe a little bread and cheese to help the feast along, but go carnivore if you're gonna spend the money. 
Go for lunch, same menu, but $15 cheaperI really enjoyed the experience at fogo . I took a friend there for the first time for her birthday and she was very pleased.  I have dined at similar restaurants such add Chima's on many occasions and the service there started to get unpleasant.  Thank you fogo:)I eat meat but I'm not a meat head. Be that as it may, I came here just to compare it to Chima really. I went to chima 1.5yrs ago.
I'll get right to it
-Nice ambience
-I didn't really like the salad bar. Probably because it was truly a salad bar...I think the Chima salad bar had more variety and I enjoyed that one more.
- Meal was just meat upon meat upon meat...not much to say about that. I get full easily so I asked for some pieces at a time. I def enjoyed the meat but I am not wired to go overboard like most people can. 
-I had unlimited supply of wine so I def filled up on that. 
-Dessert was nothing special. I had the cheesecake truffle. But by that time i was soo stuffed and tipsy i just couldn't stand myself.
Finally glad I visited this place. I don't think it's particularly any better than Chima (chima's salad bar is better tho) so I would recommend both places, for meat, equally. 
I went to Chima during restuarant week so that was $35.
My Fogo meal was a freebie so not sure how much damaged i did (esp with the unlimited wine I was exposed to)...loved it!This visit was my second time to a restaurant of this chain, and the first visit for my 3 guests.  It was a "wow" experience, again for me.  The salad bar was excellent and the server upon server offering different cuts of meat was delightful.  We certainly had our fill.  And we plan to do it again.This is a place for meat lovers, a MUST go place for meat lovers! Delicious and quality meat will bring to your table endlessly if you don't flip your card. The service is very attentive and friendly. Definitely worth the price!Fogo is exactly what you expect. Tons of heart-stopping meats. All the meats are delicious (especially the sausage and bacon wrapped sirloin). But I don't necessarily agree with the exorbitant price tag. Having grown up 20 minutes away from a more authentic Brazilian BBQ which charged 25 dollars for the same cuts, I find it hard to splurge on Fogo. 
On the plus side, their salad bar really is exceptional. I'm a huge fan of smoked salmon and prosciutto and the salad bar offers both in humungous quantities.My wife took me here for my birthday and let me tell you.  The food was AMAZING!  Everything was just right!  
It's a place where you must bring your appetite because the waiters will not stop bringing you those awesome cuts of steak unless you let them know by turning over your green indicator to yellow.  
I had the Aranchao, filet, lamb chop, riveted, and another cut I can't remember the name and all of it was phenomenal.  Furthermore, it wasn't like all the cuts of meat tasted like they used the same seasonings for all the cuts.  Each cut tasted distinct.
I didn't have much of the salad bar but that too was excellent.
You can't call yourself a steak lover if you don't try Fogo de Chao at least once.  
I think there was only one price, $49.50; and it was well worth every penny!First time we been here!!!! Andrew was our server and explained how everything worked...and was friendly as well! It was amazing! Definitely for carnivore lovers...and definitely would recommend this place to others!My boyfriend took me for Valentine's dinner to this place and what I experienced was eat till you explode and roll down the stairs. We made a reservation and we did not wait at all to be seated. Service was great , I try to eat a little bit of everything, since its a lot of food I got full just with my eyes .
Tips: Don't go crazy with the salad bar, take a plate and flip to color green( There's a coaster on side is red and the other is green: you want meat) on your table and try all the exquisite meat that the waitress serve every 5 seconds (literally). Try the papaya cream!If you are in Philly, then this place is a must.  We had reservations( needed), and were notified 5 minutes early!  After everything was explained to us, we headed over to the salad bar. The food presentation was the best I have ever seen anywhere! The biggest selection and even if you took just one of everything you would need 2 plates !  Each diner had a coaster in the table. One side red, the other green.  Green meant more food, red meant stop !  Filet mignon, ribs,prime ribs, and more, on skewers served at table side.  We were pleasantly stuffed , but will go back. For sure!Top notch! The food, the service, the ambiance! You are made to feel special! No one misses a beat... you get up, they pull out your chair, you sit down they push in your chair, there's crumbs on the table, they slide them off, you're out of sides, they're right there with a new dish! Unbelievable how well executed this operation is! This is a well managed business. The quality of the food is superior, the service if fast, you are never rushed. If a piece of cheese is out of place on the salad bar it is quickly straightened! I am truly impressed by how well everyone knew there job and how well the crossed from one position to another as to never leave a void! You will not be disappointed and certainly will not leave hungry!We went there on a Saturday night around 830, normal crowd of people .
Flavor of beef and other items seems bland.
Understaffed 
Too concentrated in decor and ambience because the food is Eh for the price.
Go to Texas de Brazil. You won't be disappointed and the price is better.If you want meat heaven.. Go here.. Make sure you're stomach is empty. I already went here a few times. Lunch and Dinner. I suggest doing a reservation. The place is great! Great for all occasions! Make sure to dress up a little bit. Service here is perfect! they all work together! The salad and soup bar is amazing! Too much choices! Meat selection is perfect! Just a suggestion. Take your time when eating so you don't get full easily and you'll be able to try all the meat. The reason why for a 4 star is. They will offer you cocktail and/or coffee but the price is ridiculous! It's not included on what you paid for, and they won't tell you until you get the receipt.. This is something that they should make the customers aware ofMy experience at this restaurant was absolutly amazing. The bartender wasn't light with his pour, the different meats melted like butter in your mouth, and attention to service was impeccable. 
The server accidentally spilled a little wine on the table.  Not only did both the server and manager apologize at great lengths, they also comped my girlfriends glass of wine.  I felt this went above and beyond great service.  Being a restaurant manager myself, I can say this is a finely run establishment. My girlfriend and I are looking to come back again soon. 
I would like to thank all of the staff at fogo de chao!!Very nice and accommodating staff. The atmosphere was great. It's just super super busy and fast paced and crazy. Had to bob and weave each time we went to the salad bar. There's no real direction to that, you just kinda jump in and go around in the midst of the kitchen staff running all over. There's an alcohol cart that is pushed around in between and around tables. Sometimes the Gauchos wouldn't even come near the table and we clearly had green cards visible. We waited about 30 minutes for the lamb to come by even after asking 4-5 diff times for it. The meat was tasty according to the meat eaters I was with. The sides were ok. Seemed like boxed mashed potatoes. The fried plantains were good. The yucca polenta was ok. Was an experience.I dined at Fogo this last Friday for a graduation dinner. It was a large party and the service usually for a large party has to be great. Well the staff at Fogo worked hard and met my expectations. They constantly checked on the table and made sure everyone was ok. The food was phenomenal as usual. They also have have a great salad bar too. 
This was only my second time at Fogo and I would recommend them to anyone looking for a Brazilian Steakhouse. Be prepared for unlimited steaks, lamb & chicken. They have vallet parking available and they are parking garages in the area as well.What a great time.  Hats off to Kayla, for a great job.  Words can not describe how memorable she made our night.  The food was great, the workers were great, the atmosphere was great.  The full experience is definitely that, a full experience.  We will be back.This one is in Philadelphia.   It was during lunch and the menu is the same offering for dinner.  The quality of meat isn't any different from the locations in California/Texas/DC.  So I got what I expected.  Not all cuts come out, so it's wise to ask what you would like served in order to make your money's worth.  Fogo has a consistent standard of high customer service, which pleased me.The salad bar was fantastic, but the meats were so-so. I won't go there again. They also need to dust the vent that goes through the center of the room near the ceiling. The wait staff were top notch and very attentive!Excellent food, beautifully presented, and outstanding service.  Wonderful choices for every taste.One of our favorite places.
Good people, great food, great drinks, nice atmosphere, and awesome salad bar.  We come whenever we can.  
Only notes:  make a reservation, valet park and leave early.  Philly traffic can be frustrating, especially around city hall.I heard so many good things about this restaurant that we had to try it out for my birthday. Although my daughter was ill we still enjoyed every minute of this place. The food and drinks were excellent service was equally as good. Would go back again and recommend it to others.This place was simply amazing. We came here for my boyfriends birthday dinner, and boy did i pick a good spot! The food was incredible. Everything was so flavorful. The only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because i have been to a ton of churrasquerias in NYC and they were a little less pricey with alot more selections on the salad bar. The drinks were amazing and the server was great! When it came time for dessert they took care of my boyfriends chocolate mousse cake which was very nice of them and wrote happy birthday. =) we were very pleased with this place and the friendliness of the staff.AMAZING! This is my new favorite. The service, food, drinks and desserts are incredible. Everything is seasoned perfectly. We drove two hours to eat here and it was definitely worth the drive. I can't wait to come back and bring friends with us.Came here for the restaurant week special, so it was around $40 for all you can eat. The salad bar was nice and I really enjoyed the fresh fruit. The sides given to each table like the mashed potatoes and fried plantains were yummy as well. 
Now to the main course, the meat. I would recommend saying no to everything except their cuts of steak. The filet mignon and sirloin steak were amazing. Unfortunately, anytime I got chicken or pick I found the meat to be pretty dry.
Overall the food was very good and I ate until I was stuffed. We ended up taking a walk back to our university instead of ubering since we had eaten so much food.why are you wasting your time reading this when you could be eating at fogo de chao?!?
best food ever!I love Fogo. The service is professional and quick. They're absolutely to die for who knew such outstanding servers were still alive? 
I came here a couple times before and every single time has been to die for and had me talking about it for days. 
I came for Restaurant Week a few days ago and one of my guests were running an hour late. Blah. But the servers were all still attentive and continued to refill out drinks even though we weren't eating. The food quality during Restaurant Week was not as great though. Save yourself that money you think you're saving and go on a regular day, pay a little more and get that quality you're looking for.
Again, the service is amazing!!! I feel so spoiled. :)The only churrascaria I had ever visited was in Kenya and I had my fair share of delicious exotic game meats.  Though Fogo de Chao did not have zebra or crocodile, they had an excellent mix of steaks, chicken, sausage, and lamb.  
We made reservations a few days before without any trouble. The service was stellar from the time we valeted our car until the time we walked out.  The venue itself is exceptionally beautiful with high ceilings and great lighting.  
As mentioned in previous reviews, they have an extensive fresh salad bar.  My 8 year old nephew particularly enjoyed the huge bowl of bacon.  It can be a bit overwhelming as evidenced by the look of fear and confusion on my mom's face as the servers whizzed by offering various meats. You also receive sides of mash potatoes, fried polenta, pao de queijo (fried cheese balls) and fried bananas (not plantains). I could have lived without them.  In fact I did.  I ate meat, and lots of it.  To the point that I felt dizzy.  My 4 year old nephew, who has the metabolism of a hummingbird, fell asleep and plopped his head down on the table by the end of dinner.   
It's a bit  formal but you can certainly pull off wearing nice jeans and a shirt.  You can save your tux for another day.  It was my dad's birthday and they decorated and brought out his cake with a candle. It's a bit steep but kids over 10 eat half off and kids under 5 eat for free. Plus, it's well worth the experience.Great food. Great drinks. Great service. This place definitely deserves five Yelp stars.
Went to Fogo again today for lunch and had an outstanding time. The food was great, the drinks were great, and the service was beyond outstanding. Our "lead server" (for lack or a better term) named Sun was ridiculously hard working, efficient, and helpful all while being quite enthusiastic about serving. Mega kudos to Sun.
However, and there is always a however, the deserts were just very good, not full-on outstanding like everything else. But with this said, the place still deserves five stars without question.This was my first Brazilian steakhouse and I left impressed. Before the rounds and rounds of meat begin you can choose from the buffet line fruits, veggies, salads mixes and other items that help balance the plates of beef and pork and chicken I consumed. The waiters are all first class and I was never in need of anything.Me and my husband came at happy hour for a drink and some bites. The food was pretty good, we had the chicken sliders, and beef sliders (great), I had a passion fruit mixed drink which tastes pretty good and my husband had a couple of their black beers. 
In stark contrast to the good food, the bartender appeared to be in a very bad mood and had an unpleasant attitude, when she mixed drinks she banged the shaker on the stand not far away from us causing the liquid to splatter, it got in my eyes the first time but I quickly wiped it away and didn't pay more attention, then she did it again twice and both time splashed lime juice or some mixed drink into my husband's eyes, it caused inflammation in his eyes and he had pain for the entire evening even after washing with eye drops. This was so unpleasant and I hope it won't happen to any others.Great place for very good steaks.  Salad bar isn't as good as Chima, but the steaks are just as good, if not better than Chima.  Service is good, but they are somewhat forgetful.Vegans need not apply. 
You get what you want at Fogo de Chao, basically all the meat you can stuff into your face (I'll refrain from making a "That's what she said" joke here). 
A great salad bar starts off your experience, but after a plate or two its time for the main show. Basically you get a little coaster thing that's red on one side and green on the other. If your flip your coaster to green the servers will come to your table non-stop, offering you any of their cuts of steak, chicken, sausage, etc. etc. etc. 
Some are good, some are hit and miss. It's fun trying all of the varieties. 
However, at $50 bucks a pop it's probably more of a special occasion type of place. 
Pros:
-Great steak, great variety. 
-The service is fantastic. 
-Salad Bar is a huge plus.
-Flipping your friends coasters over to green when they're not looking...because you're immature like that. 
-No vegetarians or vegans in sight. 
Cons:
-Expensive.The service was incredible. The food was amazing. My favorites were the fillet mignon and the lamb (although my girlfriend found the lamb too salty). The salad bar was terrific. They had a great selection of veggies, meats and really great cheese.
If you're looking for a great meal and really in the mood for steak, this place is great! I went during Restaurant Week, but I would totally go back and pay the full price for the experience again.
However, not a place I would recommend taking a first date. The servers keep coming by and offering you different cuts of meat which is great, but your conversation is interrupted throughout the whole meal.
Even though I enjoyed the salad bar, I would not recommend this place to vegetarians.I had one of my greatest dining experiences of all time here last night, and let me tell you why: the service.
It was amazing, the entire serving staff was beyond perfect. Let me tell you what happened that really made it work for me; we (my co-worker and I) were effectively adopted by three of the servers, who came to our table at least twice more than our dedicated waiter, pouring beers, asking what we wanted etc, which is even more memorable when you consider that they aren't really getting a tip, it's the waiter that gets it.
One waiter came by with a top round, I politely declined because I had plenty of beef, he asked me what I wanted and told me all about the different cuts. When I mentioned that I liked lamb chops he promptly went and brought me lamb chops! He didn't tell someone else who was already carrying them to bring them over, he brought them himself. Later, when we were sitting stuffed and sort of poking at the food, he asked if I wanted anything at all, then when I declined he brought me more lamb chops which I devoured with gusto!
The food was fantastic, as always.I was at Fogo for Mother's Day lunch and it was horrible. I've been there many times in the past and it was great. I don't know if they were not prepared for the amount of people there. There were only 4 meats that kept coming by. I had to continually ask for the ribeye which only came by once.Meat coma. Large dark space with a bar. Huge salad bar at an up charge but I thought it was worth it given all the meat I was about to consume. Drinks are good and they carry a nice selection of whisky and scotch as well as wine. Now for the main attraction; the meats are plentiful and delicious and like an authentic South American restaurant you have an indicator on your table that alerts you server that you want more food. Price points are reasonable for the amount of food offered and the meats are high quality and properly cooked.I visited Fogo de Chao during restaurant week with a group of friends and the experience was amazing. Just make sure you come hungry and make sure to reserve early during restaurant week since it does fill up fast.  
The setting was beautiful and the servers were polite and helpful, even during dinnertime, which was busy. They have a great variety of meat, so there's something for everyone and they were all tender and juicy. I also like condiments and I feel that the sauce they gave us could have been better. It tasted somewhat like the standard bbq sauce. Nevertheless, it was a wonderful dinner. I went home full for the next 2 days.I love a good Brazilian Steakhouse and every time I go back to Philadelphia I always try to get to Fogo De Chao.  
As soon as you are seated, you can smell the mouth watering aroma of the different cuts of meat.  My favorite is the Fraldinha and the Bacon Wrapped Fillet!  Delicious!!  Do not miss the gourmet salad bar including a wide selection of artisan breads. Also try the crisp hot polenta. If you like polenta you will love this variation.
Because of the price, Fogo De Chao  a special treat, not a regular event. Also, if you are not a big meat lover, you might want to just stick to the salad bar but just remember you will be missing out on a truly unique culinary experience.
If you are searching for a different way to satisfy your meat craving, this is a must go to Steakhouse.Great experience well worth the (rather high) price! The wait staff is attentive and helpful. Every bite was delicious and caused my boyfriend and I to have a severe meat hang over! The filet... the chicken... the pork... the lamb. The list goes on and on. Everything we tasted was better than the last. Not to mention the salad bar, endless sides, drinks, and dessert!! I had the lemon blueberry cachaca drink. It is a must have (so much so that I must have had three of them)! My boyfriend had a Brazilian beer that was suggested by the waiter, called Xingu, which was a great addition to this amazing brazilian meal. Despite the fact that we were absolutely stuffed after dinner, we split the chocolate lava cake which, like the rest of the meal, did not disappoint. The atmosphere at Fogo is intimate and classy. Overall, this is a great place to go for a special occasion. Especially when you will be able to go straight home and put on your fattest fat pants because trust me, you will want to keep on eating! :)I have been to three brazillian restaurants, and they had the best food.
They not only had the best steak to serve, but also handsome gentlemen and as well and beautiful ladies (as my boyfriend says.... =( ....) to serve us. We were both happy. They also had amazing atmosphere, would be great for married couples or just... couples celebrating their anniversary. But quite expensive though. Oh and their cheeseballs are really nice, but dont eat them because they are going to get you filled up........... and end up not eating so much steak... yeah... that happened to meAwesome experience !! Variety and quality of meats was outstanding...
Make sure you come hungry! Great place to go with a large group of friends too. Don't forget to try the salad bar...it is off the board!
Absolute best service I've ever had ANYWHERE in my entire life. The food was incredible, but it was the service that really impressed me. Can't recommend it enough!
The servers at this joint have mastered their craft. The featured steaks are beyond prime...
Hard to find a place for the meats better than this. People always say skip the salad bar, but I thought things like buffalo mozzarella and asparagus are good sides to eat with the meats. Best lamb I've ever had...
Absolute best service I've ever had ANYWHERE in my entire life. The food was incredible, but it was the service that really impressed me. Can't recommend it enough!
All in all, the food is top quality and the great service just adds to the experience...Went to this restaurant with a friend of mine on the day after Valentine's Day and so we weren't able to reserve a spot until 9:30pm that night. Not sure if it was because of the holiday, but I just assume that this restaurant is pretty popular.
I had no idea this was an all-you-can-eat restaurant! Good thing that my friend and I were both pretty hungry that day so it was definitely worth it. The quality of meat was great and the service was awesome! Though I'd enjoy it more if the restaurant wasn't so loud.
The salad bar has a variety of food and so when you get tired of eating meat, you can get some fresh fruits&vegetables.
Will go back again for the meat!We are avid patrons of Fogo. DC, Baltimore, Atlanta and Philadelphia. For about five years now, our service at all of these locations has been impeccable; until last night (Sunday 12/21). We were seated in a far back corner. Water and drinks took over 15 minutes to arrive, and once we received our pao, it was cold. Unacceptable! It took entirely too long to be visited by our waitress the entire night, and old food plates were left sitting in our tables. Overall disappointing experience. We've been on Saturday nights which were way busier and received better service.Love Fogo, food is great, service is great. This is more of a splurge to me though, in moderation. I love it every time I go though.Service and quality of meat cannot be beat.  We went to the one in Las Vegas and just had to eat here in Philadelphia as well.  The decor is relaxing, and the wait staff couldn't be friendlier or more attentive.  You flip your card to green, and they appear in a puff of smoke to offer something off of their skewers.  We were stuffed in about a half hour!I wanted lamb so badly, they fired up some just for me. The staff is friendly, the manager came over to chat about our mutual love of lamb and brought some mint jelly over. Our waiter was cut because it was late so our new waitress was amazing as well. The bartender was cut so she felt bad our drinks took so long and came to us with doubles. Great food. Great service. Would definitely come back to this locationAmazing. The "salad bar" is more than just a salad bar. Meats, smoked salmon, artichoke hearts, fine cheeses... it is just as amazing as the actual meat. The service is wonderful and you are never at a loss for meat. There is a red and green card to silently let the servers know when you at ready for more! Several different kinds of meat including bacon wrapped filet, chicken, lamb, filet, sirloin. Their house meat (I forgot the name but it is in the shape of a half moon) is AMAZING. Lunch ($28) and dinner ($50) are the same, expect for price. Lunch is about 1/2 of what dinner costs. Not an everyday dinning experience... totally worth it, lunch or dinner.This is by far my favorite steak place! Such great quality perfect service everytime & beautiful atmosphere! Well worth the money! The card concept is really cool too if you want to be left alone or take a break from eating you just flip the card to the red side! This place is my favvv and I will always come back here!Some of the best meat in the world.  I grew up in Sao Paulo, so I actually went to the original big restaurant down there (not the first one though, that one is down further south in Mato Grosso I think).  
Just to give you an idea of how authentic and great this place is, check out how they staff:  Basically at the flagship restaurant in SP new waiters and cooks are trained and work there for any number of years.  Only the best of the best then get selected for international training and are then sent to staff the other locations around the world.  That's how legit this is.
Personally I think the SP restaurant is better than the one here in Philly, but I can't put my finger on why.  I'm probably just being nostalgic.  In any case its like the difference between a 9.5 and a 9 out of 10.  
Note:  Don't expect to be getting some big juicy steak here, this is a rodizio.  Which essentially means the waiters are constantly walking around with different cuts of meat on big kind of swords from which they then cut you thin slices.  You can eat as much as you want.  This is another place that is gonna put you to sleep after you're done.  
Again, probably the best meat in the city after Barclay.  But then again Barclay is a different kind of thing, they are steaks, Fogo isn't really.  Similar prices though, Fogo would probably hurt you a bit less though.  
Also, lunch at Fogo is only like $35 dollars for all the same things as dinner which is $50, so its worth checking out.
PS- Awesome decor.  I think it used to be an old bank.After a wonderful dinner and a food coma induced/ stroke like facial & eye lid droop, I was able to muster enough strength to write this review.
Food/Drinks: 4.0 stars
Do not go too crazy at the salad bar.. even though it offers a good selection of options, you don't want to over do it on salad, especially if you are a meat eater.  The meats are delicious and the options are bountiful.  Come with your appetite and be ready to have someone roll you out of the restaurant because after you're done, you wont be able to walk.
The side dishes are a disaster.  With so much quality meat options, it's genuinely a shame how bad the side dishes are.  The only saving grace is the cheese stuffed dinner rolls.  The food experience has so many highs and lows that Fogo doesn't reach its potential in Food ratings.
Booze? The drinks are weak and the amount of food served makes it impossilbe to get drunk.  Don't come here with the expectation to get drunk off anything other than beef.
Service: 4.5 stars
The staff is always rotating with so much meat options.  The servers are prompt and take care of keeping your plate full.
Ambiance: 3.0 stars
Just a huge room, almost like a banquet hall.
Location: 3.5 stars
Good central location, east of City Hall
Price: 3.0 stars
$50 a person for the experience is a little steep.  I'm amazed at the number of people who are willing to pay this much for Fogo De Chao but still have issues at dining at other fine(r) establishments.
Overall: 3.5 stars
The meats are delicious and the service is good but the experience  (aside for the meat) still feels like that offered by any chain restaurant.  I've been there a couple of times and I don't have an huge urge to go back.  Try it if you are a meat eater who hasn't been there before but I doubt it'll keep pulling you back like your favorite restaurant.Great food! The service was amazing, very attentive. The tres leches cake is a must have!!!!Very pleasant dining experience with my wife for our birthdays.  The hope going in was for me to have an authentic churrascaria experience and for her to enjoy the memories of her many trips to them growing up with friends in an area populated by many Brazilians.
It was successful on both fronts.
Before diving into the review of service and food, I must note that we had 6:00 reservations.  However, because of some traffic problem right in Center City, we did not arrive to the restaurant until 7:30!  We did keep them up-to-date on our problem and they were incredibly polite and assured us we would be fine.  We arrived and were seated within 10 minutes with no fuss whatsoever!
Ambiance/Decor:  the place is huge, with vaulted ceilings and God knows how many tables.  But our two-seat table still felt intimate enough and we could easily talk all evening.
Cost:  A bit expensive, but I expected that going in.  The meal was $52.50/person.  My wife's drink was $13 (the margarita) and desserts ranged from $8.50-$11, with huge portions.
Quick Note:  the come around to your table asking if you'd like their shrimp cocktail.  Keep in mind that this is an extra, added cost.
Salad Bar:  do yourself a favor and approach this as a very quick pit stop on your journey to carnivore heaven.  All the items were fresh.  The prosciutto was a little thick than an Italian deli would give you, but that's a minor complaint.  Several varieties of "salads" (chx, potato, etc.), unique toppings (sun-dried toms, hearts of palm, etc.), and some other interesting options (tabbouleh, smoked salmon, etc.).
Side Dishes:  These are laughable and even the restaurant knows it.  They are haphazardly plates and are downright unattractive.  However, if you must have some form of mashed potatoes or want to try plantains and polenta fries, go for it.
Meat Explosion:  the meat was very good.  It was a bit overwhelming to me at first.  It was like I was in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and steak was falling from the sky.  The house special sirloin and the rib eye were incredible; seasoned exactly how I like and the perfect temp.  The chicken also earns high marks for its juiciness and crispy outside.  Sausage was "meh".  
Dessert:  We split an order of the papaya cream and it was very tasty.  Nothing crazy and remarkable, but a nice "non-heavy" dessert finish to the meal.
Overall:  Fun experience.  I'd probably only return if I had a burning desire for a steak buffet.When we arrived we waited 15 minutes for a reservation we made a week ago. We were then taken to a table in a corner that was clearly leaning. The hostess said out loud "oh, you're table is leaning  a little" with a laugh as she pushed down and wobbled it back and forth, then motioned for us to sit. I asked if they could fix it, when she hesitated I persisted, and she hastily shoved some of the flip cards under it. The table still was crooked but I didn't feel like fighting. For the money I was about to spend ($35 a person for restaurant week, it's usually like $54) I at least want a table that isn't crooked. The meat brought to our table was amazing, along with the cheese bread and caramelized bananas. We were less than thrilled with the service that night, seeing several customers wandering around and flagging down staff with complaints about their checks, or waitresses talking to each other about a messed up check. While we were eating dessert our waitress came over to us asking if we had a gift card on our check, and we said no. She then came over again and asked us if we were sure, and I reminded her that she hadn't even given us our check yet. She and at least one other waitress walked around trying to find whoever the check belonged to. The waitresses seemed really flustered and stressed, possibly they were short staffed or not ready for the influx of people on the first night of restaurant week. We still had a good time, it just wasn't the service and atmosphere I expected for all the money we spent. We probably won't go back again.value- $51 includes unlimited (extensive) salad bar and unlimited servings of 15 cuts of meat, with sides. i sampled a numbre of salads and they were all fresh, with seemingly home made ingredients and dressings. nothing out of this world, but everything tasted as expected.  fair selection of cheeses and meats as well. 11 of the 15 cuts were delicious and i had second.. the other 4 were avg. standard drinks were well balanced.
service- attentive and efficient. fresh tableware between courses, no clearing before all parties finished. was not rushed; however, slightly had the feeling of being cattle coming through the door.
ambiance/decor- blend of sheek modern wine display/furniture, and dark stained wood with the element of a historic setting. extremely high ceilings, almost like a major train station... lights a little too bright. not really a romantic ambiance, but good for groups of 6 or more.
overall-  the value and consistency of the food out-weighed the lack of culinary ingenuity. the consistency of the service out-weighed the lack of personal attentiveness expected in a complex dining experience. the decor and ambiance was not particularly welcoming, but for the right dining setting, it promotes a fun rambunctious evening.
as an overall assessment, I would give it a 7.5-8
first couple dates? probably not.
group? definitely an experienceThis is a haven for meat lovers. Perfectly cooked meats sliced right into your plates by Gaúchos walking around with skewers with different cuts of meat. My personal favorites are the picanha and the beef rib. Lastly and just as importantly, do NOT forget the pāo de queijo (cheese bread). GREAT place, HIGHLY recommended.Great experience. Had a drink, was tasty, but expensive. The service and food were excellent. I had people stopping by with meats all the time.
Only thing; skip the jumbo shrimp package. $20 for 6 pieces of shrimp is a bit too pricey... although the shrimp were tastyExcellent. Turn your chip over to red, and go slow to thoroughly enjoy it all.To date, NO steakhouse I've tried has ever left me amazed... that changed last night. 
If you've already eaten here, you know what I'm talking about when I say that you MUST not eat anything after lunch or you will regret it. 
If you haven't gone yet, expect a very unique and down right delicious experience. The atmosphere is fairly traditional in terms of the architecture and decor, yet that quickly changes within seconds of your butt sliding into the chair. 
You have access to a self-serve salad bar (which is more like an anti-pasta bar on the 'roids) and a few small side dishes on your table: Lightly fried bananas, polenta, and these puffs of heaven called cheese balls. Then comes my favorite part. As if it were magic, you turn your small table card over to the green side and within 15 seconds happiness starts to happen. The servers weave in and out of the tables like the bottles in that "Be our guest" song from "Beauty and the Beast" with perfectly prepared meat on sword-size skewers, which they carve for you and slide down to your plate. For those of you out there that fear the "still mooing" red color, every sword holds various done levels. The moment that you can't take anymore, you flip the table card over to the red side and the steaks pass you like you donned Harry Potter's invisibility cloak. (Yes, I know... two family movie references in a single post... I'm getting too soft.)
The meats range from chicken, aged Parmesan crusted pork, garlic glazed sirloin, bacon-wrapped fillet... drooling yet? I was a kid in a candy store there! A small warning... I don't care how much you can pack away, I guarantee your eyes are bigger than your stomach. Pace yourself and focus on tasting more than gorging to get your money's worth (everyone pays the price by the way).
And did I mention the wine list? Fantastic selection! Highly recommend the Malbec choices. 
That's it. If you're tired of paying insane amounts of money and always being served a bland or basic slab of cow at Morton's, Ruth Chris, Sullivan's, and the like, you need to try this place out.This place is definitely an experience.
We made a reservation through open table (1000 points for most times too!) and went prepared to eat a lot. And boy did we eat a lot.
I'll skip the process since others have commented on this plenty. Overall, the service was great and the food was fresh. Any time we needed something, a waiter somehow magically knew and came by to take care of it. The open area seemed a bit crowded and noisy almost like a cafeteria, but we were sat in a separate dining area (perhaps because we reserved?) which was quiet and fine.
The only drawback was when we were done with the meal and asked for the check. It took quite a lot of time but waiters would stop by to assure me that it was coming. 
All in all, will come back again!Best. meat. coma. ever!
The night started, and ended with "that's what she said" jokes because it was just so easy with all of that meat around (that's what she...). I wish I had an extra stomach, or at least the stomach of an exceptionally large person because the salad bar was amazing, as were most of the desserts (both the chocolate, and cheesecakes were delicious; the flan was really heavy on the condensed milk which made it less than perfect). I would have loved to enjoy the aforementioned salad bar and desserts more than I got to because I became full really fast. I blame my mother's genes; she's a midget and she passed on quite a few midget qualities to me. Alright, she's not a midget per se, but she is an Indian woman which is the real world equivalent of a hobbit. Well, moving past that odd little tangent... 
I've seen many comments below about the deliciousness of the salad bar and I was a bit incredulous, but that really is one of the best salad bars I've ever experienced. There were some items there that were so delicious that I wanted to get more of them but I had to hold off because I needed the room for the main event. The side dishes were good; not particularly mind blowing. I prefer the Indian equivalent of fried plantains/bananas to Brazilian so take that into account.
I bowed out fairly early (turned the card over to red while everyone else was still saying yes to every meat offering that passed by) so that might be why I never got to try certain things like the Parmesan encrusted pork something or other. My favorites were the Picanha, Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon, and Alcatra. My least favorite were the chicken options because the chicken wrapped in bacon was really dry and unimpressive, and a chicken leg is just a chicken leg no matter how you prepare it.
I couldn't do this every month, or even every other month for that matter; I swear my lower intestines have come to a complete stop (TMI, I know) after that meal, which can only be described as gourmandizing (yes, gourmandizing). It was a great experience nonetheless. One that I will share in vivid detail to all my vegan/vegetarian friends.For any meat lover, if you haven't heard of Fogo then you need to get out from the rock you've been living under.  
Like any chain model, the usual salad bar, sides dishes, and all you can eat gluttonous experience is pretty much the same as the other locations that I've been to.  I do think it's a step above the others because when I ask for a medium cut, I can get a medium cut.  
The bar is pretty legit too.  Nothing less than a heavy handed pour.  I might even (how dare I say it) just come back for the drinks alone.Went here to celebrate my friend's birthday and another friend's graduation from the police academy. Despite having a reservation, we were seated 45 minutes later. 
Service is impeccable. Salad bar was pretty fabulous. It had a huge variety of things to eat, from potato salad, to coleslaw, all sorts of veggies. The waiter came over to fill our waters. There were people walking around clearing plates and bringing you new plates. 
For the meat, they have these big skewers that they bring around with a certain kind of meat. Just flip your card to green, and they'll ask you if you would like some and ask how you would like it. They'll cut according to how you like it and its a pretty big piece. Make sure you keep your card on green if you want them to stop by! I was skeptical of how they would see the green or red card, because its not that bright on the table, but they do! They have a lot of different kinds of meat, and it's pretty good! 
I love the cheese puffs that they give here that is complimentary! It's soo good, i think I ate like alot of that! 
I'm not that big on eating alot of meat, so for me, the price is kind of steep...but the service and salad bar makes up for a good percentage of the price. I would rather be seated at my reservation time, and not be seated 45-1 hr later. We had reservations at 8, they didn't seat us until 9ish.. The place closes at 1030. They still serve, but it's not as much around 10ish. I would only come back for restaurant week, or if it was to celebrate something. I don't think I'd come back for a date night with my boyfriend just because I don't eat alot of meat to be paying 52$ish. My boyfriend on the other end, eats alot, so this was perfect for him. If you can eat alot of meat, definitely go, it'll be worth the money. If you don't, then save it for special occasions. I do want to come back and spend more time here though!Visiting Fogo de Chao is always a pleasure.  Whenever we are in Philly, it's become a go to spot for a great meal in a splendid high- ceilinged setting adorned with cut glass chandeliers, in a building which once housed a premier jewelry store.    
First the wine list.  Of course it shall be red given the impending selections.  Good choices but not inexpensive.  Good Argentine Malbec abounds along with California greats.  
Naturally the Fogo de Chao is about the meats; steaks, pork, lamb and chicken all brought to your table by a well orchestrated ballet of service.  But it's wise to start first with the amazing salad bar which has artichokes, palm hearts and so many delectable greens.  Yet don't eat too much because the procession of grilled meats will await you depending on your little table card (green for bring them on) and (red for hold on a bit!!).  There are not many veggies but they do have plantains.     
Both the primary server and the staff were very good as usual.  The "formula" here is a winning one and be prepared to wait unless you have reservations.  On a Friday night we had no problem but the place (bigger than I had even thought) was packed.  
In a sense dining at Fogo is about pacing yourself for a culinary marathon. Seriously. 
In a few words the Fogo de Chao is muito bem.  (very good)Been here a few times now. Decent selections of meat. Bring your appetite cause you will be stuffed. Salad bar is good. Don't come here expecting any kind of seafood because it's not on the menu. They have the traditional shrimp cocktail that's about it.If you don't mind being treated as if you were part of a herd, then this place is for you. The place was so hectic that at one point, Victoria, our server, tossed a basket of bread (toppers) on our table without even stopping. And later she removed the basket from which we were still eating, without even asking. Finally, the fish we ordered never arrived. In all, a highly disappointing experience.Love the bacon-wrapped filets and the chicken drumsticks.  Could live without the garlic in the mashed potatoes.Last nite in Phili had to finally try it. Awesome salad bar to start  and some amazing cheese puff rolls at the table. Then on your command (green card) the meat starts coming! (Don't forget to turn card to RED side while u eat or u will have way too much to eat at once!)
 The servers  come by w a giant skewer of meat, chicken, pork, ribs or lamb. You tell them how you would like it (rare medium well done) they then slice you off as much as you want! Sometimes you help take it off w some tongs. They have standard sides of garlic mash potato, crispy fried grits( like fries), and carmelized  bananas. All delish!
Tried the signature drink but way too strong for me! They took it away and brought me my standard Pinot Grigio. Awesome experience! $50+ppWe went to Fogo De Chao to celebrate an anniversary not to long ago. Its still fresh in my memory so I wanted to rate it, also we will be heading back in the next few weeks. Firstly, this is definitely a place you want to make reservations for if you want to be seated quickly. We have found that even calling earlier in the day is important, because they really get a lot of foot traffic off the street. The wait staff are very very attentive this includes servers and actual waiters. The wine listing is pretty nice, but pricey. However, based on the rest of the listing of options it's a fair option. We decided to try the Sangria. While it was good, they will say they have a "special" which is an interesting wording for really expensive.
They have a nice salad bar which has a select choice of cold cut meats, olives, salads, and cheeses. It is quite the nice spread but definitely save room because all of your meat options are good from the chicken breasts, to bacon wrapped steak, to parmesian topped chicken, to the sausage. You will be offered side dishes of bananas, massed potatos, and plantaans. Go here when you have a stomach to feed. I have been here with a large group, and a intimate couple. The dress code is interesting. You have folks that are dressed up next to people that are wearing jeans and t-shirts. To me this is a special occasion place, where you go for a really nice out. I'd say give it a try with a group because it's a lot of fun, just remember flip you coaster green to go, flip it red or the food portions will not stop! You will get your moneys worth.If your like me, and your idea of paradise is being served an endless supply of mouth watering meat, then Fogo de Chao is for you. Once you turn your food indicator from red to green, be prepared for a non stop hail storm of meat. The all you can eat meat menu offers everything from bacon wrapped filet mignon to sirloin to lamb, just to name a few. Servers are walking around non-stop holding huge skewers and long sharp knives, anxiously waiting to slice the beautifully cooked meat at your request. By the end of your meal your eyes will be watering and your stomach will be pulsating. 
The food is top of the line, the service is unmatched and the ambiance of the restaurant is extravagant. The only downside is the price. Expect to pay around $60-70 per person after tax and tip and closer to $100 if you order wine. Remember to starve yourself sufficiently before getting dinner here. This way you will get your moneys worth.Had an excellent dinner here last night!!!  Of all things to choose to eat my daughter loved the bacon at the salad bar the best lol. Took my dad there for his birthday since he loves meat. Totally not regretted going there. The meat kept coming and coming. He asked for more filet mignon and they were right there with it. They brought out a chocolate molten cake for his birthday it was awesome. A wonderful over all experience!!I love my meat and I love my potatoes. So I drag my lazy butt to the gym. And it is definitely worth it for a meal here.A carnivore's dream. I am one, just typical guy, not strictly carnivorous. This is my 4th time here. Its essentially all you can eat til your stomach bursts or arteries clog. The format here is a double-sided button, red on one side meaning stop, green on the other side meaning go. When green is up the waiting that swarm around the tables will approach you and ask if you want a portion. If red is up, they stay away. Do not try to be a "man" and never put on red. You will fail at some point. Unless you're Joey Chestnut. 
They do have a slick salad bar according to friends I've eaten there with, but I don't do salad. You also can order just the salad bar, minus the meat extravaganza for $25 for you vegetarians. I love the bread rolls. So buttery Paula Deen would be proud. The fried polenta is just alright, mashed potatoes seem like instant - boo to that, but the fried bananas are good.
The meat. 
My personal fave was the filet mignon wrapped in bacon. That is high quality shit. The waiters have a slick way of dismounting the lambchop off the skewer which I thought was nifty. To be honest, everything was cooked very well (quality, not in finish), but from what I ate there were no premium cuts besides the filet, i guess rib eye counts but not in my book, but top and bottom sirloin, lambchop, chicken leg, chicken breast in bacon, sausage, pork loin. Again great eats, but wheres the porterhouse, strip? I guess what needs to be realized is its a brazilian steakhouse, not a standard american steakhouse. Easier bottom line for them, not having to order those though.
$50 bucks for the main entrees. 
For dessert, had the mousse cake. That thing was a mountain of a slice when it got to the table. I took down about half only after eating all that meat, but it was good, cake was moist, not warm, but I can't judge mousse, but good nonetheless.
I'd recommend this for a group outing. Not a recommended date spot, unless your date likes to eat meat. There's a sex joke there somewhere.The restuarant is great.  The salad bar is very good, but do not be tempted to eat too much, because you will not be able to fully enjoy all the meat items they offer (15).  Make sure you go very very hungry.I came here for valentines day. This place was awesome. The food was great, the service was top notch. The drink were good. I ate so much i had to flip my card over but I did not want to. The food is pricey as my meal with my gf came to 157.00 but it honestly worth every cent. I will dine here again.Fogo de Chao- A restaurant thats been on my list of "places to eat at" for quite sometime. A few weeks ago the opportunity arose to eat here when my friend had his surprise 30th birthday here. After all the anticipation, I finally ate here, and well....meh. This place is beautiful and has a unique way of dining, but scratch below the surface and there isn't much here.
A novice diner will surely be impressed with the fancy salad bar and the endless flow of meat. But a more experienced diner will see its all show and little substance. When you are seated you are asked to FIRST go to the salad bar, then have your meat. Yes, you have the OPTION to go to the salad bar, but lets be honest here. You'll definitely go to the salad bar first, even if only because its intrigues you. Once there you'll FILL UP on some salad, cheeses, prosciutto, quinoa salad (very filling), and other goodies they have there. Once you get back to the table with your plate FULL of salad, you'll find some fried roll/bread/dumpling things at the table. Are they good, yup. Will they fill you, yup!! Now after all that you decide to flip your card over to green and have the meat fly at you. Chicken, sausage, pork, prime rib, and if you are lucky enough you may have the filet come your way. I tried my best to try some of every thing, and I have to say....it all tastes EXACTLY THE SAME! Now don't get my wrong, it didn't taste bad, just didn't have much flavor. And the flavor it did have all tasted the same. Some different rubs, or maybe some sauces might have jazzed things up a little bit.  A few sides made there way to the table eventually too. Some fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and some polenta. Hmm....bananas? Potatoes? Polenta (basically corn meal)? These aren't filling? Are they?
Look folks, some of you will eat here and absolutely love it! I don't knock the people that like it, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. But for the money, I'd much rather sit down, have a nice 4 course meal full of different choices and different flavors. At the end of the day Fogo de Chao feels like a glorified all you can eat buffet.So much food!  Amazing service, but very pricey.  Would have given it a 5 star if it wasn't 50$ a person.  Water glass never got even close to being empty, food flowed from the waiters like a river.  Food was great, we had a large table most people that were in our group wanted medium rare meat so it was a bit painful to always have to send them back to get me something well done.
Come hungry, don't eat for a day before hand, or at least do not eat breakfast and lunch!