I am feeling smitten after spending Valentine's Day with my boyfriend and my love affair on the side, Fond.  We had the 3-course tasting menu, which provided me with just enough of a tease to want to go back for more.
To start I had a mushroom soup amuse bouche, followed by a roasted beet salad, then seared skate wing, an interlude with some mulled wine sorbet, and ending with the beurre noisette cheesecake.
The roasted beet salad was my favorite part of the meal and if I go back I will likely order it again.  It came with slightly salty seasoned arugula, goat cheese, and sweet walnuts.  The combination was perfect together.
My favorite part of the seared skate wing dish was in fact not the skate wing, but the lemon risotto with edamame and soy brown butter.  My boyfriend had the rack of lamb, which was so tender and delightful.  However, yet again, I was more impressed with his sides as well.  The whole grain mustard spaetzle was fried...uhhh best thing ever.
I strongly recommend eating here for a special occasion, considering the price (it is well worth the cost).  It is kind of small, but once you sit down you hardly even notice the size.  I'm sure during the summer it will be a whole lot easier to get around, considering I won't have a mammoth parka to lug around.Absolutely amazing. Went for the first time on Valentine's Day and didn't have the best experience. The owner Lee followed up and we came back for a redo and this was AMAZING. Now I totally get what all the hype is about. The follow up and interaction with Lee was great, our server was fantastic, every item of food was delicious. We are already talking about when we can go back and also sending my in laws there as well. This is what I was expecting and it exceeding expectations. Grilled duck hearts, lobster risotto, hanger steak, skate, and two delicious desserts. Will be back (often) and will send others as well. Highly recommend! This place is a MUST visit. Thank you Lee and team for showing us what Fond is all about.Just wrapped up a fabulous birthday dinner here and had such a nice experience I couldn't wait to write a review. Gracious, attentive service and wonderful food. We went with the five course chef's tasting and loved every bite. The wine pairings that came with it were all really excellent. At $62 for the five courses (plus an amuse bouche, a palate-cleansing intermezzo, and a final minty meringue) and $25 for the wine pairings, I think it was a good value, and well worth the splurge. Particularly memorable, I think, will be the chicken liver mousse, but there was not a bad morsel to be had. I'd happily celebrate another special event here. Thanks Fond!This was mine and 7 friend's choice for our second restaurant week dinner.  $30 for 4 courses. 8 of us get there and our table isn't quite ready yet so we stand outside and wait 5 minutes. One of the owners offered to open our wine for us or get us water while we waited, which I thought was very kind even though we declined and said we would just wait. 
We didn't wait much more than 5 minutes.
The place was small and cozy, a little too cozy at points considering there wasn't much room for the waiters to walk through the tables but it was fine if you were sitting down! haha, I can imagine that'd get annoying for people trying to walk around. 
Anyway, food... was delicious! The soup was a squash soup which was creamy and buttery and really tasty.
I was the only one that chose the beet salad over the asparagus dish. I was trying to be adventurous. Mine had feta cheese, almonds and greens. I liked it but I wish there was some sort of vinaigrette on it (or more - I think there was some on the beets). I would have preferred a bit more of a kick, a bit more flavor. 
The chef sent out a complimentary spoon of tuna tar tar which was so good! Thanks chef!
For the main course I got the salmon on top of a cake of angel hair pasta, green beans and a light sauce. The salmon was perfect, the pasta cake was a bit strange. I would have preferred the pasta simply cooked and put on the side because I think when made into a cake, some of the pasta was overcooked, but it sure looked good as a cake. I would have also preferred a bit more of the sauce also, it was so good.
And for dessert I got a warm brownie with cinnamon caramel custard, whipped milk chocolate cream, and cinnamon pecans. It was a great dessert, I loved it because it wasn't too sweet. It was just right.
So overall, everything was extremely delicious. I guess if I was the chef, I personally would have executed a couple things differently but I'm sure a lot of people would have been perfectly happy with how things were done. 
As for the service, our waiter was awesome, he lended us his iphone so we could keep track of the phillies game. And the owner was very attentive and made sure to describe all the food to us as it was brought out. The chef even made an appearance at the end of the dinner, which you don't see often. It was a pleasant surprise and we were able to thank him in person. 
Overall, I highly recommend this place and I will be going back.We came by to try the anniversary tasting menu, and it was fantastic. It's probably one of the best meals I've had in recent memory, and the prices are very reasonable. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other dishes.I had a phenomenal meal here. 
The space is a little tight and the food blew me out of the water. 
We came on a week night, armed with wine which we later found out they are not BYO but we're able to drink what we brought.  Our server was awesome and very knowledgeable. 
Here's what I ordered and loved. 
Lobster Risotto (hazelnuts, truffle)
Beef Short Rib (caramelized onion spaetzle, Brussels sprouts, sauce Bordelaise)
I can say I'm  Fond of Fond and can't wait to come back.An exceptional meal! We (accidentally) ate at the chef's table tonight, and everything was perfect. For appetizers, we shared the steak tartare, the seared fois gras, and the hamachi ceviche. All were stunning. For entrees, we had the filet mignon, lamb stroganoff (with extra shaved black truffle), and the scallops. Each was more spectacular than the last. Couldn't have been happier. Will definitely come back to Philly (from NY) to eat at this restaurant again!I love this neighborhood and visiting Fond for the first time was a reminder that I need to play in this part of the city more often.
Fond is a BYO during the week, but has a full bar for the weekend crowd.  I did see a few people bring in their own bottles, so I assume there is a corking fee on Friday and Saturday.  
The place is cozy, so if you're someone who gets claustrophobic, then you may want to head somewhere else. You will literally be sitting on top of your neighbor, but what better way to make some new pals?
We started with the wild boar pate, which was actually quite delicious, considering I had no idea what pate was.  My husband and I both got the pork belly for the main course and this was some of the best pork belly I have ever eaten.  The top was crispy and the meat was tender.  It comes with a side of sweet potatoes that are to die for. 
For dessert I had the malted chocolate ice cream with peanut brittle, which was seriously the best combination ever.  My sweet tooth enjoyed it thoroughly.
Overall, a great place for dinner, but it will cost you.  Save this spot for a special celebration.  Unless you win the lottery - then come here often.Best restaurant in Philadelphia... Excellent service and amazing food... The pork belly is to die for... The host does an outstanding job... Will definitely be backWonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful.  This place is a must try.  Fond, perfectly situated on the corner of 11th and Tasker is a little gem serving up some of the most delicate, flavorful dishes in Philadelphia.  The restaurant is very small and seating is tight but the ambiance is quaint and cozy. 
Beginnings:
Olive or sourdough bread for the table accompanied by salted butter which was fantastic.  
Later came a warm mushroom soup amuse bouche- creamy, warm, and perfect for a cold night in January.
Appetizers:
Two appetizers to start, the lobster risotto - a MUST TRY and the chicken liver mousse.  The lobster risotto was so delicate.  The risotto was cooked perfectly and there was ample lobster to go around.  One of my favorites of the evening.  The chicken liver mousse had two big portions of mousse accompanied by toasted sourdough bread. Wow. 
I told our server, I would easily be able to call it a 5 star night after the appetizers alone. P.S-    While we are on the topic of servers, our server was Tory and he was helpful, attentive and just what the night called for. Also - 5 stars. 
Entrée:  
I was torn between the artic char and the pork belly.   Tory suggested the pork belly and it did not disappoint.  Holy moly.  The pork was cooked to perfection.  It delivered a crispy outside and tender, melt in your mouth center.  It was served with some of the best sweet potatoes I've ever had (Okinawa sweet potatoes) , escarole and Dijon jus. Portions were perfect.   I also tried the short rib which was out of this world.   (Note: both of these entrees are on their newly released restaurant week menu so if you're looking for a top notch meal on the cheap and have been meaning to check out Fond- stop reading this and get your reservation on the books!)
Dessert:
"We have a dessert special this evening... salted caramel cheesecake with our chocolate chip crust and our homemade vanilla bean whip cream" Excuse me??? YES. YES, I will have that. 
There was a bite left and I'm almost positive I heard the Mortal Kombat voice whisper "FINISH HIM"--you always listen to the Mortal Kombat voice. 
Fond is delectable.Quiet, low lit, nice music with unique and flavorful food. Great service. I would definitely go back!!!!Came here last night for my birthday dinner with my friend and it was a great experience. 
We were deciding between 2-3 apps and 1 entree or 1 app and 2 entrees because we definitely wanted dessert. 
We went for the 2-3 app &1 entree route and am glad we did. 
We were given chefs complimentary mushroom soup in a shot glass which was extremely delicious and a good start to our meal. 
We had the scallop ceviche which was nice but not my favorite I've ever had. It was very tasty with a cranberry vinaigrette, the vinaigrette threw me off because I prefer the traditional citrusy taste of ceviches. 
Then we had a hefty portal of Chicken Liver Mousse which was so very good. It was mild in taste and the toasted sourdough with pickled red onion complimented it well. 
Second came a very considerate split onto two plates by our server was the seared foie gras.
It was delicious, I've yet to go wrong w foie gras and I'm glad they didn't disappoint, it was perfect. 
Then our entree which was split into two portions for us to cleanly share, the pork belly. The Okinawan sweet potato was awesome I loved the mildly sweet taste with the mustard greens. If I could go back, I'd get the skate wing because I'm more of a fish person, but the pork belly wasn't bad. Braised and then skin pan seared was nice but the skin was a bit too oily the crunch was amazing though so I can't complain. 
Then to decide on dessert we got the special of the night "apple crisp with frozen Sauvignon blanc" it was good but It wasn't anything spectacular. I should've gone for chocolate! 
Everything was super tasty and everything meshed well together, I'd definitely be back in a heartbeat. Our service was so accommodating and so super nice. I really appreciated the nice gestures and them sitting our meals Into two without even being asked for our convenience. 
Amazing service atmosphere and food !!Nice restaurant priced right. The 7 course tasting is well worth the try. The seating is tight and the restaurant is small but it works. Located on a nice corner where several bar / restaurants are located. As must try. I will be back.Definitely one of the best meals I have had in Philadelphia! 
Atmosphere, service, wine, everything was impeccable. Perfect flavoring, attention to details and wonderful ingredients. I could not have been happier with basically everything we had. 
Save up, take someone special and have a wonderful evening.Met up with a friend for a late night weekend dinner, and was instantly charmed by the warm, cozy atmosphere at Fond. 
Food 5/5: I started with the veal sweetbreads which was savory and crispy (wonderfully prepared), and my friend had the escargot (which I didn't try, but apparently was delicious). We split a bottle of caberent sauvignon. For the main course, I had the Beef Sirloin (roasted beets, farro, goat cheese and sauce Bordelaise) which was perfectly prepared and he had the Berkshire Pork Belly (black beans, baby carrots, spiced pork jus). The portions were perfect. Dessert was a rich, moist chocolate cake, some coffee and conversation until nearly midnight.
Atmosphere 4/5: The interior of Fond is not ornate or luxurious. It's simple, clean and warm with soft lighting and a moderate level of conversation/noise. Since it was the winter season during our dining experience, there was a bit of a draft and the wooden chairs and close proximity of tables made the experience less than ideal.
Service 5/5: Impeccable service. The food and pacing was fantastic, the staff courteous, subtle and personable. I was completely impressed.
Overall, incredible food and service, completely worth it.Fond has been a go-to restaurant any time my husband and I want an unforgettable Philly night! The drinks are amazing, food delicious, and staff (especially at the bar) very hospitable. At a minimum, you must try the fois gras!!! Also pictured are tasty duck hearts, wild boar pate, and oysters. I think this is one of the best happy hour places in East Passyunk!Cozy BYOB serving new american cuisine. Pork belly, monk fish, steak, chicken breast. Standards with new twists. Food was good, no WOW moments for us, but well presented and prepared. Service was excellent. We were surprised by the older crowd. No light/healthy options on the menu and no vegetarian dishes. A good place to take someone who doesn't like a lot of seasoning. A good simple meal in a nice spot with excellent service.Eh.
I know all these reviews are raving, so I'm sorry to break up the party.
But the menu of this place is no different than another other New American Philly BYOB -- one chicken, one beef, one fish, etc.
The space is totally cramped, and the room is utterly noisy.   
Wouldn't recommend...sorry :(Spend my birthday there with my family and had a terrific meal. The cocktails, the service, the food and the ambience were all excellent. The food is definitely high quality and very refined. The neighborhood is very up and coming. Thoroughly enjoyed it.I can't believe it's taken me weeks to review Fond. I'd been wanting to go there for nearly a year, and I finally went with some colleagues for a celebratory work dinner. It was truly fantastic and lived up not just to the hype but my expectations. 
We share the tuna crudo, lobster risotto, and another delicious starter I can't remember. 
And then... the pork belly. Oh. My. God. That Good. One colleague had the swordfish which he described as the best swordfish of his life. And everything else of my colleagues' that I tasted was phenomenal. Desserts were also fantastic.
I wish I could better describe my meal, but what's the point. No words will do Fond justice. Just go there.I'm upset.
We LOVE to go out to an extravagant dinner. We love the experience and we love to learn about new things- wine and food. It's truly special to us to have a night out with a chefs tasting menu. 
I made this reservation to celebrate my life partners birthday. I made this reservation based off of the positive feedback I found on Yelp over a month in advance. I received a phone call yesterday to confirm that it was Max's birthday and we could do something special for him. Nothing happened. Not even desert! If you can't manage the specific details of a birthday, don't worry about calling me to discuss. I just felt that if I'm going to spend $100 per person these details are important. 
The cramped atmosphere was comfortable and not concerning. However, the staff were discussing how "table 19 needs your attention" loudly over our meal. I feel like the general experience is elevated, napkins folded etc. all the details are there EXCEPT I found it hard not to pay attention to the overwhelmed servers. I feel like this feedback is positive as this is something easily fixed. The conversations about guests meals could happen in sidebars. We also waited 30-40 mins between each meal. I could tell the staff felt behind. I also felt it was challenging to receive the wine pairing 20+ mins before the meal. We spent 3+ hours on our 5 course meal. I felt that things could've flowed better. There were 3 open tables so i don't think they were functioning at maximum capacity. 
Food- everything was DELICIOUS. We loved the mushroom soup. The salmon tar tar was phenomenal. Even the olive bread was great. I just have to say that the pork belly was challenging. The fried skin was difficult to eat. The fried rice didn't feel cooked and got stuck in our teeth. I saw other tables returning this plate full as well. I wouldn't recommend it. I feel that anything else on the menu would've been great. Just this poor selection for tasting menu.Went to Fond for dinner tonight. Was very rushed. Ordered fish and it was raw/undercooked. Told the waiter and was offered another dish. No thank you.I just joined Yelp so I could write a review of Fond.  It's fantastic!  I've been there twice and have been delivered consistently delicious food and awesome service.  While I admit to not having the most sophisticated palet (in other words i'm not a self-described "foodie"), the attention to detail at Fond is phenomenal.  I was trained as a server at a high-brow suburban country club, so I'd like to think I know fine-dining service when I see it.  And at Fond you receive this awesome service with a very reasonably priced meal.  Plus, the service comes with a friendly smile that I haven't received from the majority of Rittenhouse related BYOs.  I truly felt like they were appreciative I was at their restaurant.  Heck, the chef even came out to say hi to lil' ol me!  
I live in Passyunk Square, so Fond is a hop, skip, and jump away, but you should definitely head on down to South Philly to check it out yourself.Fond is a really nice hole-in-the wall fancy dining spot with a really spot-on affordable(ish) tasting menu options and great cocktail options!
My wife and I have heard about this place not just from our friends, but restaurant owners and staff from across Philly. After securing a nice little romantic reservation on opentable, we partook in one of the most exclusive post-thanksgiving dining event, as no one else ate out that night.
I will say that the service was pleasant and attentive, and our waiter seemed gruff on the outside, but his actions spoke louder than words as he poured us very generous portions of wine during each accompaniment. We opted for the $72, 7 course tasting menu with one wine pairing and sampled most of the menu items that evening, including the chicken liver mousse, hamachi cerviche, Spanish octopus, beef short ribs and seared tuna. My favorite of these was actually the spanish octopus, not just because of the chewy little tentacles, but the wonderful bitter greens that garnished the dish. The seared tuna was a sad disappointment as the fish tasted bland aside from some spotty salty regions and the risotto was nothing spectacular. The short rib was a hit-and-miss, primarily because my cut of the short rib was fall off the bone, but my wife's piece was stringy and hard to chew. Our meal finished with two types of desserts that included a brown butter apple tart, hazelnut dacquoise and ice cream; it was good.
Overall, this was a really wonderful dining experience with some hit or miss items on the tasting menu. I had hoped that the tasting menu would include items not on the standard menu, but for what it was worth, they were good.
Food: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 3-4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Service: 4 starsHad such a great experience at Fond. Similar to most of the restaurants on E. Passyunk, Fond is a quaint, tiny restaurant. They offer outside seating, some high tops, bar seating and no more than 10 regular dining tables.
The service was fantastic from the moment we walked in the door. We started with cocktails - the Lemon Sprig was delicious and highly recommend if you're a fan of a lemon drop martini.
Before our appetizers, they brought out a complimentary mushroom soup served hot in a shooter and crusty sourdough bread. We then had the tuna from the cold appetizer section and escargot from the hot appetizers. The tuna absolutely melted in your mouth. The escargot didn't have a ton of flavor- wishing I went for the lobster risotto!
For an entree, I had the special which was shrimp served with a Rosemary Brie bread pudding and broccoli rabe and yes, it was as magical as it sounds. My parents had the swordfish and the scallops. I tried both of their entrees and they were delicious (I had a little bit of order envy with the swordfish).
We rounded out the meal with a lackluster dessert. We tried the pear tart with caramel ice cream. I had a bite and no desire to finish the rest, which I'll admit is unusual for me. Wishing I would have tried one of the chocolate options. Good thing I loved this place so much and know I'll be back!Great anniversary dinner. The service was fantastic. Our server was very pleasant and even wrote "happy anniversary" in chocolate on our dessert plates. Will definitely go back!When a friend found out I'd never been to Fond, despite living mere blocks away, she insisted we go as soon as possible. A few days later, reservations were made, wine was procured, a Napa Sauvignon Blanc, and a Burgundy Pinot Noir, and we were on our way.
The first impression is that the restaurant is small and intimate. It was neither quiet nor deafening, and did not fall into the trap of dimming the lights so far as to prevent reading the menu. Of course, who needs menus when there's a multi-course tasting?
We started with a sublime squash soup, something perfectly buttery and earthy to get started. Next came a hiramasu crudo over celery salad, greek yogurt, and dusted with nigella seeds, a crisp and delicate introduction to the menu, that turned out to be just a tease of the excellence to come.
The next course was a special of the night, braised duck hearts, and it stepped up the game considerably. After cleansing our palates with a lemon sorbet, the next course was skate wing over risotto and brown butter. This was the highlight of the night, and probably the best plate I'd had in almost a year. The courses finished off with a porkbelly finished to a satisfying crisp on one side, served over excellent sweet potatoes.
Dessert amounted to a warm chocolate brownie and a tangerine cheesecake, both of which earn high marks despite my lack of a sweet tooth, and the passionfruit meringues that came with the check punctuated the evening expertly
Take a date here, take a friend here, take your mom here, it doesn't matter, just go here.This place is great.  Reasonably priced.  BYOB and food was second to none.  Went wife my wife and the waiter, who apparently is also an owner was one of the most attentive servers I ever had.  We did the 7 course tasting the food was.  Virtually every course was interesting and exceptional.  Afterwards, we went next door to Salt (also a great place) for a drink.  Ended up meeting the chef and pastry chef  (from Fond) at the bar.  I could use the same adjectives I used about the food to describe them.  All-in-all a great night.  ThanksDon't bother going if you're a vegetarian- they tried to accommodate me, but what I was served (off menu, nothing was vegetarian apart from the appetizers) felt like something that should be served with a main dish, not a main dish itself. 
My meat-eating friends seemed to have a good meal, however. And our cocktails were yummy.I don't quite understand it. There's a pedigree here, obviously, and there's a demand. East Pass could desperately use a simple "contemporary American" BYO that delivers on a very simple promise: good food, good service, good times.
My lady and I have been looking forward to Fond's opening for quite some time, ever since one rainy night when we saw ongoing construction and a slightly water stained paper menu in the door. Having been there (finally) we left disappointed.
This is going to sound very harsh, mainly because we WANT people to succeed in this town. This is criticism, not trying to shit all over anyone.
Everything, from the bread, to the asparagus, to the ravioli, to the chicken mousse was undersalted. We let our waiter know, and the salinity was amped up during the entrees. That was nice.
The pickles accompanying the chicken mousse were better than the mousse itself. It's becoming abundantly clear that very few restaurants in Philly can lay down a solid liver app.
The filling for the butternut squash ravioli was delicious, but too thin. It was basically a soup that didn't know where its bowl went. The flavors were fine.
The entrees were strange. I ordered monkfish on the recommendation of my waiter. It was properly cooked, but the lentils it was resting on top of were grainy and uneventful. The "red wine jus" tasted of beef stock and nothing else. Where was the red wine? Where was the tannic pop and pizazz I was expecting? Also, why was the plate warmer than my food?
The lady ordered the chicken with pepper piperade and fingerlings. Overly sweet, the chicken was overcooked, and the entire plate seemed like an afterthought. She had the same problems with temperature that I did. 
We skipped dessert. 
Was I looking forward to disliking the joint? No, absolutely not. But I felt like I had stepped into someone's living room - someone with abhorrent taste in music and suspect taste in decor.
Pick it up, fellas! I want to be excited when I walk by. I want to stop and see something on your menu that will make me spit and froth and excitedly tell my friends about. Just give me a reason.Came here Wednesday night with a friend, the place was almost empty. We were seated and asked what type of water we wanted, then they opened our bottle of wine while we looked at the menu. Opted for the 5 course meal, but received a couple of extras, which was nice. We were first served the mushroom bisque in a tall shot glass, great flavor and texture.  The tuna tartare was next, average taste and presentation. Chicken mousse was next, very good flavor, better than most, grilled bread was great! I can't remember what the next course was, but I do remember that it had some type of a foam, which made the presentation look great, but when I ate it, I noticed the flavors that were already used in two of the other dishes. A nice sorbet was next, then the entrée. I was hoping for a red meat but they served pork belly instead. I thought it had a great flavor and nice presentation, but I don't think I would have chose that as an entrée on a 5 course meal. Dessert was good and had a nice presentation too. Overall, I thought this place was going to wow me, but it fell short. The place was dead, so I thought it gave the chef more time to impress. Don't get me wrong, the food was good to very good, as was the service, but I can get that anywhere in the city. This place is average gourmet, but the byob helps.The Passyunk area is really up-and-coming, which is saying something since "Passyunk" doesn't sound like an awesome place to partake in fine dining. I came here for my birthday actually after being turned down at other first-choice restaurants. I was worried Fond would taste like a second-choice place, but I was completely wrong. This tiny, sophisticated restaurant is brilliant. Lobster risotto had me licking the bowl. My memory fails me now... there was something delicious followed by something else delicious and then these little doughy things that sat beneath my short rib (I think it was short rib?) entree which were fabulous. Look, whatever it was it was great. You must try Fond.A warm and cozy BYO tucked on the quiet part of Passyunk, FOND is a wonderful little place.  We walked in reversation-less, and were told to wait at a bar down the road and that they'd come to get us as soon as our table was ready.  Not 20 minutes later, a gentleman came to fetch us- we were even able to bring our drinks next door- "he'll bring the glasses back later," explained the bartender who took us in while we waited.  "if you're lucky," our kind fetcher quipped.  Upon sitting down in this 10-or-so table gem, we were given an amuse bouche of warm butternut squash soup- a salty and punch gift from the chef who later came out to personally introduce himself.  The menu choices are slim- this much is true- but let it be said that each and every selection is purposeful and with reason- the theme of this menu is rich and indulgant.  
House-baked bread is quickly offered-  and this is no stale, freezer-burnt loaf.  Both the sourdough and the olive loaf were chewy on the inside but with enough bite to taste like something- something glorious indeed.
Because each dish on the menu sounds so very delicious, it's truly hard to pick.  Best pick the one that sounds the best to you right now and hope that your friends pass their plates to you.  The foie gras, a sinful delicacy of so many debates, was fatty and smooth and succulent- served with a flaky pastry, warm apple and some sort of whipped ricotta.  The beet salad was just as you'd expect- golden and red beets were served with a goat cheese cream, studded with walnut pieces.  I got the appetizer special- escargot bathed in a salty (in a good way) oxtail and butternut squash mixture with hazelnut floaters swimming around.  Nutty and rich and served in a way my snails have never been served before.
For entrees, our table got three.  The hanger steak was cooked perfectly- a good sear on the outside with beautifly barely cooked red meat on the inside- served with crispy polenta and a maitake mushroom that looked as unique as it tasted.  We also had the salmon= served with a leeky, lovely concoction they call fondue but i just call sauce.  Also coupled with the salmon was a crispy angel hair nest- a beauty on the plate and on the palate.  FInally- and most deliciously- a special of the evening: the monkfish.  Notoriously tough if not cooked correctly, monkfish is a tricky little bugger- and this one was cut into medallions, sauteed, and then sent to swim in a truffled lobster broth.  Although there were no actual lobster pieces- it was so uncanny, the broth SCREAMED of lobster.  The monkfish was served with crispy arugula alongside a perfect amount of the most rich butternut squash risotto i've ever encountered-  any more and you'd burst but just enough to thank the cows for their cream.  
The waiters truly appreciated their art- each dish was presented and explained and it really felt like they wanted to know how you were enjoying your meal.  The temperature and the ambiance were equally warm at Fond- i suspect it could become the place where everybody knows your name.  If i lived in Philadelphia, they'd definitely know mine.
Go to Fond.  Run, don't walk.  And get the monkfish!Squeeze tight! The person with the most space in this restaurant is the bartender. The dining tables generally seat two to four, although there seems to be a larger, separated area for private parties in the back. You just cannot expect to sit comfortably at the bar if you have any bulge. Somehow they think that they could  squeeze in two tables to the side of the bar AND three tall chairs in front of those two tables. The poor waiter had to wiggle in and out.
Anyways, bad dining configuration aside, everything I had here on the night of NYE fixed menu was lovely and delicious. My faves were the beef with lobster risotto and the tuna tartar. The bartender who took our orders was super nice and checked in often and the waiter explained each dish carefully.  
Overall, a great place for a date or just a few drinks.Fresh, seasonal food that I just adore. The menu is on the small side, but they have interesting specials, and the chefs emphasize organic, sustainable ingredients. The sweetbreads are always amazing. This is a really great restaurant that offers stellar service. And Philly mag is right--Steve is a fantastic waiter!Solid food, drinks, and service at Fond.  The restaurant is located in the chic neighborhood of Passyunk.
Recommended dishes:
- Seared foie gras: Perfect sear on perfectly seasoned foie gras.  Rhubarb, strawberries, and the cream cheese went very well.  We used our table bread to spread the foie gras on - yummy!
- Lobster and strawberry salad: Special of the evening and well worth the price.  Not much greens but that's okay!  Sweetness of the lobster meat and the strawberries paired well.
- Pork belly: Who knew the sweet potato would pair so well with pork belly.  My husband liked the dish better than I did.  Pork belly was very crispy on the outside but a little dry for me.
The skate wing was moist and tender.  Well seasoned.  Risotto was rich and creamy.  Would have liked a bit of contrast in terms of texture - the dish needs a little crunch. 
The cocktails were delish!  Try them.Excellent service at the bar. We got the last two seats on our anniversary night last February and the food was excellent! I cannot wait to go back! The value and quality of the food justified the expense. Well done!Had a great experience at Fond. The servers were kind and knowledgeable, never too pushy. The dishes were well spaced and we never felt rushed. The tuna crudo and seared scallops were incredible. I highly recommend them.Fond is a delight!
The food here is consistently good, creative and so modern!
Try everything, Fond is one of the very very very few restaurants in which I trust in the chef's menu.  The menu is limited for an excellent reason.  I only want to eat dishes a chef excels at and that's not 30 dishes every night!
Not everything here was perfect.  My fish was over cooked, the halibut sashimi appetizer was creatively and well paired w/ pomegranate seed, but it was not enough to brightened up the entire plate (a squirt of lemon would have been perfection).  But I tolerated the flaws, because these are genuinely thoughtful and flavorful dishes.  
The food here is not without flaws, but are fantastic nevertheless.
I highly highly recommend this restaurant.  
p.s.     the "flaws" I've mentioned may not be perceptible to most people.  I've just been trained to dissect  a dish so I notice more than most.  My fellow dining mates thought the food was amazing.  I agree, this restaurant, it's staffs and management deserves high praise for such a lovely eatery,Was in town for Terror Behind the Walls and decided to stop in based on Yelp reviews.  Was beyond impressed.  Service was beyond courteous and attentive - from the host, waiter, people who refilled water and brought bread.  Even the chef came out to ask how the meal was.  Provided some complimentary sides as well! 
Menu is a little limited  (no steak) but eveything was excellent.  The speciality cocktails were tasty, potent, and unique.  
Highly recommend!Went there today with my daughter for brunch.
Bloody Mary she as great bartender was very good
Crab omelette very nice we will be back
Nice experienceOutstanding food, impeccable service and a BYOB....fantastic combination. It was a pricey meal of $110 for 2 people without alcohol- but was so worth it!!Good martini. Great food.  Excellent service. Small portions.  Pork belly and swordfish were superb.mmm delicious! The best fois gras I've ever had. Possibly the best sweetbreads. The bread that's served is amazing--hunk of olives in the dough. Just divine. The waitstaff was delightful and attentive.Ate here a couple weeks ago, and still having wet dreams over the meal... 
Everything from start to finish was exquisite.  We were there for V-day so there was a prix fix menu, so not sure if they have some of this stuff regularly.  Started off with a seared foie gras, and can honestly say it was the best i have ever feasted on... Don't wanna sound like one of these hoity toity types, but I've been to Paris and Budapest, and this topped em all.  
For the meal got the Sturgeon, which was phenomenal... Wifey got the Bershire Pork Belly, which had nice 'textural contrast' as they say on the Food Network to go w some flavors that'll blow ur hair back.  I know its braised for hours on end to give you that 'melt in your mouth' feeling, and somehow they make the skin nice and crispy... 
Also had a butternut squash before the meal and some sort of scallop dish in between courses, which were both memorable.  Im not usually a dessert guy, but licked the plate clean.  Seemed like every element of every dish were working together perfectly.  Ole' Lee knows what he's doing back there.
Service was practically telepathic.I LOVE this place!!!! I walked by it for almost a year because, as a vegetarian, I thought there would be nothing for me. But once I went in, they made me a special vegetarian meal. Now I am a regular and leave my meal up to the chef- it never disappoints. The staff is so friendly and the food is always amazing. It's a great place to meet after work for a drink and a delicious appetizer and it adds a wonderful option to the East Passyunk restaurant scene. One of my favorites!!!Last night, my wife and I enjoyed a 9 course tasting menu at Fond and it was lovely.  I was not able to finish every single plate, but everything was made very, very well.  The risotto was excellent and had the perfect amount of creaminess while not being overpowered by the aromatics that flavored it.  The seared foie gras was exquisite and if it is available, I highly recommend it.  I have had foie gras in many forms and this is likely the best I had ever had.  The Atlantic skate was delicate and lovely.  I have not had a lot of skate, but if it is always like this, I would make it a point to get it as often as I could.  The chicken liver mousse was pretty fantastic as well, it is creamy, rich, but somehow also fluffy.  It is served with toast, but the mousse is a generous portion and you will need to ask for more toast.  Don't be shy, they'll get you some more.  The pork belly is both crispy and delicate.  I am a big fan of pork belly, but this is easily one of the most delicious I have ever had.
The meal was capped off with a delicious 2 course dessert that was preceded by a pre-dessert.  The dessert was very, very nice.  Not too sweet or too rich or too much.  The dark chocolate mascarpone cheesecake was simply awesome.  The Earl Gray creme was outstanding and fluffy and really set the whole dessert off wonderfully.  I was not a huge fan of the pre-dessert which was a pumpkin cake of some sort.  I don't like pumpkin except in soup.  I did not finish it.
The only complaints I would mention are that the wine list is a bit scant, the coolcumber cocktail is almost too light to taste, and the din in the restaurant can be overwhelming, especially for someone who works in a typically noisy environment and needs a break at dinnertime.
Overall, I would recommend Fond to anyone who is feeling a bit adventurous and is looking for a very nicely prepared, balanced dinner.  The staff is polite, helpful and not pretentious.  They know they have a good thing going here, but you have to figure it out on your own.I managed to score a last-minute prime-time Friday-evening reservation for my birthday dinner with my fiance, and I'm very, very glad I did. We had a fantastic experience at Fond. 
The service was the best I've ever had at a restaurant. The waitstaff worked together as one medium-sized, excellently choreographed, friendly team. It helped that our principal server was Tory Keomanivong, one of the co-owners of the restaurant, but really, everyone there was great. There was absolutely nothing snooty about it, one of my biggest turn-offs about restaurants of Fond's class and caliber. Each server was warm and inviting, friendly and with a sense of humor, and truly made us feel like guests. Tory, you're amazing at what you do. Thank you.
Wine service was terrific, with varietal-correct glassware. We both ordered the foie gras, which was really really really great. My fiance didn't care for the texture--she's a recently converted ex-vegetarian, and this was her first foie experience--so I got to have two servings. SCORE. I had the pork belly while she had strip loin steak. The pork belly was creamy and delicious with a nice square of delicious crispy skin; the Okinawan sweet potatoes were terrific too. My fiance's steak was done a perfect medium rare all the way through--impressive considering the thickness of the steak--and was strikingly tender. The farro-beet risotto was interesting; tasty and good but definitely one of the more modern pieces of the meal. Dessert was also very good; the peanut brittle with chocolate ice cream was very nice, and my poppy lemon cake was very tasty.
I had been worried about the space, service, and noise from previous reviews. I'm a big fan of Mercato, where it's usually deafening, but Fond was quiet and intimate (there were sound-absorbing panels on the ceiling; I wonder if those are a more recent addition). And, as mentioned, the service was truly superlative. Keeping in mind that we really liked the food, the food probably the weakest part of the whole experience, to the credit of the serving staff.
At the end of the meal, Tory came to us and introduced himself by name, shaking our hands and asking our names. He asked if there was anything else we would like, and I told him that we'd like to start over from the beginning of the meal and have another go-around. He laughed and said he'd get us the check. 
I wasn't joking!I can't believe it took me so long to try Fond. Absolutely amazing - one of the top meals I've had since moving to Philadelphia 4 years ago. There were so many appetizers we were interested in, we opted for several appetizers instead of entrees. They were nice enough to bring them out like a tasting and split each one into separate dishes for my husband and I without us even asking. We had the special that day, salmon poke, tuna crudo, wild boar pate, duck hearts, and another special goat cheese stuffed squash blossoms. We also ordered malt chocolate ice cream for dessert. They had overheard it was my husband's birthday and included a candle. The server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes. So delicious, I will recommend Fond to everyone!We dined here on a Wednesday night, which meant no corkage fee for BYOB (only Tues - Thurs). We ordered Roasted Shrimp and the Heirloom Tomato Salad for appetizers. The shrimp was good but didn't blow me away. The tomato salad, on the other hand, struck the right balance between sweet and tangy, and it was delicious. 
For the main course, I ordered the Skate Wing, which arrived deboned in beautiful fillets, on a bed of corn risotto with pancetta, with avocado mousse and a sweet glaze. This was my first time trying skate, so I didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by the texture and the taste of the fillets. Though skate meat is somewhat "stringy", the fillets were tenderly cooked. The meat tasted sweet and went well with the corn and the glaze. My friends ordered the Wagyu Skirt Steak, which they both liked but I found a bit bland. 
For dessert, we went with the Blueberry and Peach Tart and the Cannolis. Both were excellent.
For the most part, the service was great. Our main server came across too authoritative/serious when we asked questions about menu items. A younger server, though, was friendly and fun. 
Overall, we enjoyed the dining experience, and I'd like to go back and try the tasting menu next time!We celebrated our wedding anniversary at Fond and were very impressed. The service was top notch and the tasting menu was one of the best in the city. We will definitely be back!Had reservations for a Tuesday night at 7, and by 8, the placed was PACKED. The restaurant itself is pretty small, seating about 30 customers. There is one small bathroom near the kitchen that has nice soap. :)
We got the:
Veal Sweetbread - MUST get
Tuna Crudo - very good
Berkshire Pork Belly - very good
Beef Short Ribs - pretty good
Duck Breast - best dish of the night
Warm Chocolate brownie - meh
Peanut Butter Brittle thingy - meh
I expected the pork belly to be the winner (from other reviews), but it was the duck breast. A-MA-ZING.  Pork belly and ribs were so tender that when we were sharing food, the meat just split by itself. Main entrees were really good.
The dessert was blah. Capo Giro is next door (with odd hours on odd days), so I would save the $ and go there. 
Last thing, there were only 2 servers for a 30-customer restaurant. It took forever to order, get food, and pay. 
This street has a bunch of nice, cute restaurants, so I'll be checking out the other establishments.Had a fantastic meal here this past weekend.  Service was top notch and the food was a home run.  Fond deserves its accolades.
The Maitre'd is very inviting and the whole staff will make you feel comfortable.  There's a good touch of elegant dining mixed with a comfortable, light and airy setting.  Yes, the restaurant is a bit small but the crowd is a good one.  :)
We went on a cold, blustery night and while the large windows must look great in the spring/summer, in the chill of winter they were a bit of a problem but the staff was kind enough to sit us elsewhere with nary a blink of an eye.
On to the food.
They brought us a mushroom soup in a double shot glass as the amuse bouche.  It was the perfect, hot and savory way to begin the experience.
The bread was olive and/or sourdough.  I, of course, did both, the olive was my fav.  Yum.  I started with some meaty oysters from R.I.  The mignonette was heavy on the scallions, which I loved (and my DP probably did not).
I had a green salad with endives, which was outstanding.  The dressing and tomatoes were the perfect accompaniments.
My main course was the special fish, which was an opah (related to red snapper), which, again, was out of this world.  Perfectly cooked, flakey, buttery center with a nice crisp outer layer.  The sauce was light and did well with the vegetables.
We opted to do the cheese course, which was a letdown.  It was not served with bread or any crackers (what?), although they certainly brought some at our request.  In addition, there were only three types of cheeses, all were hard cheeses, one was a Gouda that I could have found at my local Supermarket, and the last was a melting cheese meant for Fondues.  I was a little perplexed.  We passed on dessert because I was in a mood at that point.  ;)
Overall, the experience was outstanding and I left full and happy.  There is a surprisingly good wine list considering it is not particularly extensive.This is just for drinks at the bar but we will definitely be back for dinner now. The drinks we had were amazing! I believe Christian was the name of our bartender and he was very personable and knowledgeable without a hint of pretentiousness that usually accompanies skilled mixologists. The crowd was very friendly and the food smelled so amazing. Can't wait to go back.My second trip to Fond wasn't absolutely perfect but it was good enough for me to give it the full five stars this time around.
One thing you should all know:  Fond does not take American Express.
My boyfriend was taking me out and this card was all he had after losing his wallet a couple weeks before.  I tried to find out from Fond's website whether they did but their website doesn't even say whether they take cards at all (though I knew that they did already).  I also tried calling in early afternoon but no one answered.
Ultimately I can't blame them for me not knowing they took AMEX but my boyfriend had to go back to my place to get his cash and that was annoying.  But the server was very gracious about the whole thing and gave us a comment card for us to vent about this issue (we recommended they put this info on the website).
The food was so scrumptious.  The only inperfection I found, if it is one, was that the foie gras seemed to have some veins (?) in it which made it difficult to cut at times.  It's my understanding that these things can be painstakingly removed but I'm not a chef.  Regardless it was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing with the peaches, hazelnut cookie and what all else.  Also quite striking was the second appetizer, a wonderfully creamy corn risotto that hits you with a punch of sherry right up front before subsiding.  The dish includes pancetta and an avocado puree which I enjoyed very much.
My boyfriend's salmon was very tasty and had a lovely crispy skin.  I liked my own swordfish even better.  It was cooked just perfectly and now I realize that the last grilled swordfish I had (at another restaurant) was way overcooked.  The royal trumpet mushrooms were also perfect and I don't remember what was in the sauce but it was great.  The grilled red spring onion was also good although very stringy and difficult to cut up.  The dish didn't need it, even.
Desserts, as last time, were fantastic--boyfriend had the chocolate ice cream with brittle which we had last time and seems to have a permanent place on the menu.  I opted for what ended up being probably the best creme brulee I've ever had, topped with cherries, a cookie and what all else.  It was at this point that I was very glad I'd brought a bottle of LBV Port I'd been holding onto for awhile in addition to the Moore Bros.-recommended wine we had for the first two courses.
The thing I am most pleased to say is that unlike last time, the salt on all the courses was absolutely perfect the whole way through.  Well done, Fond.Small, neighborhood restaurant with good quality food.
Foie gras with peaches:  can't get FG in California anymore, so we always order it when it's on the menu. We were not disappointed.  Not a large portion but it was well prepared with classic sweet (peaches), FG and crunch.
Skate with gnocchi and roasted veggies: Excellent preparation of this fish (pan fried crisp) and Loved the gnocchi texture.
Pork belly over black beans: hubby thought the pork belly and beans were perfectly matched, of course.   
** Would order all three dishes again
Coconut mouse dessert:  this was overall good, but I felt that the passion fruit sauce was too tart for the cake/mouse.  Loved the brûlée bananas.
Choc malt ice cream with peanut brittle and chocolate crunch:  This was just ok.  Oddly, I felt that the ice cream wasn't cold enough.  It didn't melt but it was almost too soft.  I guess I like my ice cream firm and very frozen.Excellent food and quality. Some of my favorites were the foie gras and oyster appetizer.  Service is fantastic. Would definitely come back again!Thanks Chef for a fabulous dinner last night! My husband and I enjoyed every minute of it from the superb scallop ceviche to the buttery flakey skate (yes! The skate! ;) ) to the chocolate mousse one could die for! Even the conversations were a joy. Very knowledgeable and talented group of people here. The chef takes great pride in his work which is evident with every bite. I highly recommend one of the tasting menus for anyone who wants to go on one of the best culinary adventures Philadelphia has to offer.  We can't wait until we go back for more. Cheers!My friend and I went for brunch this past weekend, which Fond just started offering. I had the duck confit, leeks, and gruyere omelet with toast, greens, and hash browns. It was PERFECT. I love my hash browns a little burnt and crispy and these definitely were. Ask for butter and preserves for the toast, it's a game changer. My friend got the bacon, egg, and cheese croissant (also with greens and hash browns) and it was HUGE and delicious. The prices were reasonable, we got out for less than $30. I HIGHLY recommend it, I can't wait to go back.Hands down our favorite BYO... actually... it's a tie with Bibou.
The pan seared foie gras is amazing - you'll want to get one to go.
The staff is wonderful and attentive - we love Steve!
The menu changes fairly regularly - monthly? I'm not sure. I like when restaurants change their menus with the seasons.I have been here a few times now and I can confidently say this place is "the bomb" of BYOBs.  The atmosphere is simple, warm and cozy.  Very cozy in fact.  The tables are so close, you can hear other diners conversations.  But it doesn't take away from the experience.  The foie gras is amazing, although later the chef told me it's not a hard dish to mess up.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the shrimp bouillabaisse was creative in it's presentation (a few large shrimp, roasted vegetables, and a little bit of broth).   And the desserts.....just thinking about them my salivary glands are going into overdrive.  The cheesecake melts in your mouth and the malted chocolate ice cream with peanut butter brittle was a perfect sweet and salty combo.
A must try!This place is so good. Everything we ordered was delicious. And they split things up for us in two without us asking. Excellent service and really good food. Worth it.Loved it!  My husband and I went there a couple weeks ago for date night.  We had a little bit of trouble figuring out a good way to get there - it's kind of equidistant from all highways, but well worth the trouble.  It's BYOB, which is always awesome, and it has a cozy yet upscale feel.  
My husband had the sweetbreads as an app and a steak special for dinner and he enjoyed it.  But let's focus on what's important here - my meal.  I had a special app that was some sort of watermelon and cucumber with a maybe feta sauce?  Sounded a little strange but it was delicious - nice and light and made me feel like I was being a little adventurous, because I was getting the pork chop for dinner.  But at Fond, let me tell you, it is not just a pork chop, it is a pork experience.  And is served with a german potato salad that might be better than my grandma's (sorry, Gram).  Finished it off with an apricot tart of some sort, which was also delicious.  
Wonderful night out and probably one of my top 10 meals ever - can't wait to go back!Three of us enjoyed a great byob meal recently at Fond in South Philly (not far from Pat's and Geno's). A very small menu, and we had a good cross-section of it with the $65 tasting menu. Unfortunately, it was too dark to take any photos.
MENU:
-Amuse-bouche: roasted mushroom soup shooter...as good as Blackfish's
-Beet & fennel-cured arctic char with celery root, trout roe and caraway...lovely dish
-Wild boar pate with sourdough bread and Dijon mustard...a large slice of rustic pate, and interestingly the mustard/pate was a great match for the orange wine
-Escargot with bell peppers, garlic foam and toasted baguette...smelled amazing
-Seared skate wing, Meyer lemon risotto, edamame, soy brown butter...the delicate crisp on the skate was amazing, but the risotto wasn't very lemony and a bit over-cooked
-Palate cleanser: Campari and pink grapefruit sorbet
-Braised Berkshire pork belly, Okinawa sweet potatoes, escarole and Dijon jus...this had the most crispy skin I've ever tasted on a piece of pork (Amada eat your heart out)
-Pre-dessert: Meyer lemon layer cake with poppy seed genoise, pistachio sauce and crispy rosemary meringue
-Brown butter cheesecake
-Malted milk chocolate ice cream, peanut brittle, chocolate crumble and peanut butter ganache
-Ginger meringues
WINES:
-'06 Donnhoff Schlohbockelheimer Felsenberg Riesling Spatlese (a fantastic wine, available at PCLB)
-'00 Marcel Deiss Altenberg de Bergheim Grand Vin
-'04 Massa Vecchia Bianco Maremma Toscana IGT
-'96 Domaine Arlaud Morey St. Denis 1er Cru Les Ruchots Cuvee Unique
-'00 Domaine Michel Lafarge Volnay 1er Cru Clos des Chenes
-'90 Olga Raffault Chinon Les Picasses
-'07 Seghesio Family Vineyards Zinfandel Sonoma County
-'05 Chateau Haut-Bergeron Sauternes (375 mL)
-'01 Feiler-Artinger Ruster Ausbruch Pinot Cuvee (375 mL)
Some of the previous posts on Fond complained about the noise level, but frankly, I really don't know what they were talking about. The atmosphere and service were great, parking wasn't to bad (there's street meters, a lot a block away, or try the Acme lot 3 blocks away), and the three owners visited every table. I wish I had been half that talented when I was 25 years old!
A tiny neighborhood gem.
Slainte!My boyfriend took me to Fond the night I found out I passed my nursing boards, and it really solidified the day as the best ever! This is certainly the restaurant to come to celebrate something, and we took it to the next level by getting the seven courses with wine pairings. 
Each course was substantial and phenomenal. If I extolled the virtues of every course we'd be here all day, so I'll just highlight some of my favorites. 
The scallop with risotto in lobster sauce, delicious! Best scallop ever, and that sauce was a culinary masterpiece. Chicken liver pate, interesting! Eating essentially a meat flavored mousse is out of my comfort zone, but Fond makes it easy to be adventurous since everything is perfection. And the pita bread served with this dish is the truth. Escargot, delightful! It was served with spinach and cheese which was a new take on an old favorite, and I'm down with it.  Pork belly, what the what! I've never had it before and it was amazeballs.  
The wines were expertly paired with each course and complimented each other so nicely. The extremely competent and attentive waiter explained the flavor profiles of each wine and why it was paired with the particular dish. 
The pacing of the dinner was perfect as well. There was ample time between courses to enjoy thoroughly. The seven course dinner took over two hours, but we were happy to sit back and eat delicious food and sip fabulous wine at a slow pace. 
Fond is officially my new favorite restaurant. I hope I have some other life accomplishment so someone takes me here again!Cozy, attentive staff, and delicious food!
The only way to describe my meal is awesome. We went there for first time last night, which also happened to be Restaurant Week. I would recommend everything I ate. Roasted acorn squash with beets and goat cheese, mushroom soup, golden beet risotto (an off menu vegetarian item that was special made), and the mocha cake with whiskey ice cream. Get whatever dessert comes with their whiskey ice cream. It is divine!
Our waiter, G, was great! He asked about any dietary restrictions or allergies, and made sure I had an awesome meat-free meal. The rest of the waitstaff was also very nice, and made sure we always had enough to drink and that our bread plates were never empty. 
Hats off to the chef for being so hospitable. When my boyfriend called to see if a vegetarian main dish could be substituted on the Restaurant Week menu, he overheard the chef say that he would "make anything to accommodate anyone".  
Tip: BYO Tues-Thurs, $10 corkage fee on Friday and Saturday. They also have a full bar every night.Safe but enjoyable menu choices; high marks for execution; okay marks for service.  A good place for a night out with another couple or for a casual date. 
Went with a party of 4 for dinner Friday nigh, 8 pm reservation.  Shortly before 7, the restaurant called to ask us to come at 8:30 or, preferably, later.   Sounds like a nice thing to do -- given that there is no bar to wait at -- but  we had a sitter at home, and I basically told the hostess we could no later than 8:30.  Our table was ready when we arrived. 
In chronological order, the "baked on premises" sourdough and olive bread was good, but no match for Metropolitan's.  The amuse bouche of equal parts cream of mushroom soup and truffle oil shouldn't have happened, ever.  Our apps of chicken liver moose (excellent), ravioli (decent, but too sweet and overwhelmed by the nuts on top);  and big-eye tuna crudo (very bland) were clearly safe choices, but well executed.  For entrees, we had scallops, arctic char, striped bass (special) and chicken (very good). 
The waiter was incomprehensible.  His soft speaking voice was drowned out by a group of 8 middle aged women celebrating something or other.   He disappeared at the end of the meal and we had to ask multiple times for our check.  
This place is no better or worse than a dozen other BYOs in Philly.I've eaten at a lot of nice restaurants in my lifetime and this one was right up there.  We were referred to it by a couple of friends and from the outside were a little reluctant to go.  We ate at the bar and actually arrived when it first opened.  The white wine choice was excellent and it was happy hour -- even better.  I had swordfish over a English pea puree.  Most amazingly, moist, delicious swordfish I've ever had!  I've never seen a chef brave enough to service swordfish medium rare.  It was delectable.  My husband had a filet of some sort sliced over a bed of unique risotto.  I was so caught up in my own meal I didn't rob any of his.  Excellent find, amazing service, superb drinks -- oh and don't forget to try the olive bread...they make their own.Make sure to order the Skirt steak! Delicious. Warm apple pie and crab truffle bake was also amazing. Good wine list and BYOB Tuesday to Thursday! Nice location and dining room. Sweet potatoes that accompanied the pork belly were god awful things. That said that's literally my only negative. Super attentive staff. Well worth a visit.We have been trying to make it to Fond for a while now and it finally worked out. We went on the night before New Year's Eve. We walked in and were say immediately at a table near the door. Fond installs an extra entryway during the cold months and it was quite effective at keeping the cold out but the windows are not sealed well at all so there was a constant breeze, luckily we were already dressed in sweaters and there was a small heater at our table. On to the food.....
We ordered a few cocktails to begin the meal and they were good and strong. We started off with a few appetizers, the scallops and the steak tar-tare which was a special. The scallops were awesome and the accompanying cranberry sauce was very nice. The steak tar-tare was good but it was a little salty I believe from the amount of capers that were used. If this was the chef's intention then he achieved it, the bread that accompanied the tar-tare worked to balance the saltiness out a bit. For entrees we went with the skate with squash risotto and the arctic char with gnocchi and mushroom gray sauce. The one knock against the entrees was the squash risotto that came with the skate, there was a super intense pumpkin spice and/or nutmeg flavor and again if that was chef's intention he achieved it, it was just a little over-powering to me personally. Overall everything was wonderful and we thoroughly enjoyed everything. We ended the meal with a few desserts, the vanilla bean creme brulee and malted milk chocolate ice cream. Both were outstanding.Food was very good as well as service. Just had dinner there tonight. Yes I would go back.Instantly one of our favorite byobs in the city. Located on the revitalized passyunk avenue of small, charismatic restaurants, Fond offers everything a byob should. The atmosphere is simple yet trendy. The service is fast. The food is amazing. Highly recommend the lobster risotto in hazelnut sauce, the grilled Spanish octopus, and the skate. Will definitely be back.Mediocre at best.  The Hamachi appetizer was served at an unappetizing warm temperature.  A wonderful fish was doused with dressing by an overzealous chef with a heavy hand on the red onion.  A kernel like accompaniment with the persimmon was distracting.  And Yes, you read that correctly-a dressing.  They were out of a wine by the glass that I ordered.  The foie gras was moderate temperature upon arrival.  Our entrees included the Lamb Stroganoff and pork belly which were average.  We shared the hazelnut and chocolate dessert which was refined but typical.  Our before dinner drinks included the bourbon with honey and truffle and a tequila drink.  Both were very good.  If you like truffle I would suggest the bourbon-honey/truffle drink.Definitely a cute spot for dinner. The food here has a special taste to everything.I came here with my brother and sister and we had a great time. The service was good. It kind of depends on who you get as your server though. Some servers were more enthusiastic than others. The food is excellent. I had the skate wing. It was cooked to perfection and the sauce was perfect. The place is pretty pricey but I loved the food. Probably will be a once in blue moon special occasion spot for me.My friend and I splurged on the five course tasting menu [pics soon] and it was absolutely divine. We started with tartare with coconut sauce. The coconut sauce and the fresh fennel were the perfect touches to this dish. I quite shocked myself by eating--and really enjoying--raw meat! I rarely even eat *cooked* meat. This was followed by a nice amuse-bouche of chilled watermelon soup, which my friend was less impressed by than I was. Next was a very generous helping of country pate with Dijon mustard. Both the flavor and the texture of the pate were perfect. I'm always disappointed when the mustard isn't sharp enough, though, and it certainly wasn't. But that's a tiny gripe. The next course was grilled Atlantic Char with couscous and a yogurt sauce. The skin was crispy perfection and the fish was tender, moist, and flavorful. I really love how the folks at Fond combine unexpected flavors and textures. By this point, my friend and I thought that we were going to burst from all that food. We asked for a ten minute breather which the server smilingly gave us. We were also given a nice refreshing sorbet in the meantime. Ten minutes later, they got in four generous slices of tenderloin. It's a credit to their very fine cooking that my friend and I managed to finish the dish even thought both of us were feeling more than a little sick because of how much we'd gorged. By the time the fifth course arrived, we thought we'd be stuck firm in our seats! The dessert was a small bit of cheesecake and a scoop of malted chocolate ice cream. The cheesecake was simple and very good. The ice cream was good but the chocolate sauce and the candied nuts made it too sweet for my--and my friend's--liking. With tip, the total came to ~$135. We left the restaurant feeling like boa constrictors who'd eaten one plump mule too many.
Anyhow, I suppose that's quite a bit to spend on a meal but it was worth every dollar that we couldn't afford. I'll probably have to live on bread and water for the rest of the month, but it'll be worth it. I'm going right back the next time I have some money to spare. Or even if I don't!
Oh and, before I forget, the service was wonderful! I called a few times to change the time and then I asked to be seated outdoors but then, when we arrived, we realized how hot it was and they seated us indoors without any hassle. I'm having a hard time finding anything wrong with this place...Loved everything I tried at Fond!! The food was very flavorful. I recommend the steak and the mozzarella appetizer. The duck confit special was also delicious. The staff was very nice and helpful when we asked questions about the menu. Definitely a must try!My wife and I took a ride into South Philly for dinner last night, and based on an online recommendation, found Fond.  The seating area was small, about 10 tables, in what was once the living room and dinning room of a South Philly row house.  It kind of reminded us of some of the small SoHo bistros in New York.
Our young server was friendly and attentive, and both the chef and one of the owners took time to talk to us.
The menu selection was small and "interesting".  Not every item was to our liking.  We both chose a salad, which was very fresh, but small and at $10, over priced for its size.  For our main courses, my wife had the skate, which she described as excellent, and she is a tough critic.  I had the duck breast which was very tender, and cooked just perfect.  Both excellent choices and recommendations from our server, and not over priced.
Dessert was mixed.  My wife went for a dish of malted ice cream with chocolate and peanuts.  It was good, but could have had more ice cream.  I chose the canolis.  They were excellent with Carmel sauce and sour cherries, and were from a local bakery down the street.
Fond is a BYOB, so that kept the check to a somewhat reasonable $98 for the two of us.  Dirt cheap by New York standards, and not at all out of line for Philadelphia.
I would definitely recommend Fond and make a return visit.  Next time, though, I would probably skip the appetizer / salad, and just have entree and dessert.Spectacular and inventive food, stellar service, real and personal attention from the two world-class chefs that own it.  A perfect addition to Passyunk East and by far the best BYO in Philadelphia.We go here for date night several times per year, and it's best during a brisk summertime evening. The service is great and the food is too. The price is reasonable for the area. I had never eaten a skate wing before and really enjoyed it.After reading many fabulous reviews, I finally made it to Fond! My husband and I met friends for a Saturday night dinner. We all loved the food, the atmosphere and the vibe. As others have pointed out, the Foie Gras (appetizer) and Pork Belly (main) were highlights, but everything was delicious -- the perfect balance of flavor and texture. The cocktails were great too. The restaurant was very busy but the service was both gracious and unhurried. Perfect spot for a date night or group dinner -- I highly recommend a visit!I am extremly fond of Fond.  Wow.  Great bread.  Terrific service.  We had the tuna tartare and the foix gras for appetizers and the octopus and a monkfish special for entrees.  Everything was excellent.  The octopus was incredible.  If you are at all hesitant about eating the octopus, don't be.  It was cut up into small pieces and mixed in with a delicious blend of rissotto, saffron, chorizo and more.  Tastes like chicken!  Can't wait to go back for more.Top notch. We had the seared Fois Gras appetizer which was perfection. For entrees we had the Fois Gras stuffed Rabbit Saddle & the Short Ribs. Everything was exceptional.Wow. Just wow. One of the top three meals I have eaten in the last year. Incredibly inventive, delicious food. Simple menu. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Chef was recently nominated for a James Beard award. So happy this caliber restaurant is in my neighborhood.Quaint restaurant on East Passayunk, next to the fountain. Enjoy a great meal here by doing the tasting menu, if available.
Highlights were the Tuna Crudo and Beef Short Rib.
Service here was wonderful - servers were very attentive and knowledgeable of the food
BYOB for $10 corkage fee; they also serve alcohol as well.Best restaurant in Philly...hands down! I've been here multiple times and never had a bad experience.What is it with Americans "fond"ness for fat and salt as flavoring agents?  If you love  good ingredients which are somewhat overpriced then this is the place for you!  It is incredible to me that there were absolutely NO vegetables on the menu other than garnish or as a soup.  No salad, or side dish veggies.  When I asked our waiter if the chef could prepare a green salad, he checked with the chef and said, "No, we have some frisee, but it's for the {fried pork}appetizer."  Eric,the chef  responded today to me by saying "...french cuisine is almost  entirely based upon fat for flavor."  and that I should have read more clearly his menu before dining there. As a couple our bill was over $100 for a BYOB without  an appetizer. Well what would Julia say?This is a gem of a restaurant.  Went their for a good friend's birthday party and was surprised by excellent staff, delicious food and a very warm and friendly atmosphere.  Cannot think of a single complaint and recommend this to place to everyone.  This place was a lot more fun than Bibou I have to say - with zero attitude.  I have to thank Tory and his crew for a wonderful experience!Stopped in for a pre-game bite before a Flyers game. Glad I did, will return here soon.
Sat at the bar and ordered off the bar menu. Pleasantly surprised to find that this upscale American bistro had $7 appetizer specials before 7 p.m. Tried the raw oysters (strawberry? mignonette wonderful), roasted cauliflower (saffron yogurt, white anchovies with a mustard sauce), and grilled duck hearts (fennel salad, tahini yogurt), and then a quick Honey Pistachio Tart. All were phenomenally tasty bar food. Bartender paired up with some nice wines (Cremant, Pinot Noir, and Tokai), service was fantastic.Great meal, service, attention. And, the best ever deserts. I mean, the best. Meal was good....OVERRATED.  
The food is good, but it is nothing special for the price.  I got the steak which was pretty bland- any steak I grilled at home would have been better.  My wife got the special- softshell crabs which were tasty.  The veal sweetbreads were an interesting dish which I did like quite a bit.  For me though, the bottom line is that despite this being BYOB, I still spent over $100 for my wife and me and walked out unimpressed.I'm FOND of this place!! (/end of stupid puns)
Nice to have a non Italian restaurant on Passyunk Ave that's also a byo. The space is a little on the small side, but most byo's around there are pretty small as well.
The tuna tartare app was phenomenal, and the pork belly and skate entrees were spectacular. Cannot wait to go back. 
Overheard our server mention he won, "Philly's best server" award from Philly magazine! He noticed my friend give me a birthday card and surprised me with a birthday candle and some sweets. Well played!
Space is a little tight in here so I would not come here with a big party on the weekends.After cutting weight for a Sunday afternoon weightlifting meet (can you say HANGRY) I was beyond ready to eat as much food as I could stuff in my face by dinner time...enter a 6:30 Sunday reservation at Fond. A reservation wasn't really necessary, when we entered there were just a couple of people at the bar and only one other table seated. Our waiter went through he menu, asked if we had any allergies or dietary restrictions (we said no) and then informed us wine was 1/2 off bottles. We immediately ordered a bottle of champagne and elected to go for the seven course tasting. On to the food. 
Dinner started with an amuse bouche of mushroom soup; earthy, salty and the perfect temperature, it was a fantastic way to start the meal. Following the soup was a hamachi ceviche. It was nothing mind blowing but we all enjoyed it. I think next was the  octopus which was served with kale and some kind of Parmesan sauce, it was delicious. Chicken liver mousse came out next and it was was killer! It was served with picked onions and the most delicious sourdough. The portion of mousse was large and at first sight I didn't think i'd eat it all but it was so smooth, creamy and tasty that I literally was wiping my plate with the extra sourdough that was brought out. It might have been my favorite dish of the night. Following the mousse was a scallop atop what I believe was a bed of butternut squash risotto. The scallop was perfectly done, this was my other favorite dish of the night. After the scallop dish was a pork belly dish with brussels sprouts, this was definitely my least favorite of the night. The jus from the pork seemed to just make the whole dish a little watery, the "Brussels" were just a couple of Brussels sprouts leaves and while the pork skin was absolutely delicious it was served with a butter knife that wouldn't allow you to cut through it so it made eating it pretty awkward since you just had to eat it basically in one piece. It wasn't bad but i'd skip it for sure. We then received a coconut sorbet palate cleanser that I wish I could have bought by the pint, an apple tart desert that was delicious and I received the Chai Creme Brulee which I just thought was okay (my dining partners received some kind of chocolate dessert). We finished with a few delicious cappuccinos served with a soft spiced wafer. 
Overall I had a great experience at Fond, the service was great, courses were timed well, we didn't feel rushed at all and even though our server had asked for dietary restrictions at the beginning of the meal and we had said none, when I sheepishly realized I hadn't asked if any of the desserts contained chocolate (chocolate is literally the only thing I don't eat)  our server still kindly accommodated my non chocolate request. The only negative I found was some of the plating choices. The dish the hamachi was served in was somewhat difficult to eat from, as well as the pork being served on a tiny plate without a sharp enough knife to cut through the skin. Extremely minor details.  At $135 a person for seven courses, two bottles of champagne and three cappuccinos I also felt like the price point was a steal. I'll definitely be back to Fond.I love a good BYOB.  And I LOVE this place.  
You walk into Fond and it's like you're walking into a cozy little intimate restaurant on a side street in Paris.  The decor is simple and understated but just enough that it does give the appearance of being the romantic setting that you want it to be.
The staff is not only friendly but they are also efficient.  They are a well oiled machine that not only knowledgeably serves you but does it with a smile.
All of what I previously mentioned helps to emphasize the fact that their food goes above and beyond expectations.  What Lee Styer does with ingredients makes my mouth water.  This past visit my friend and I had the veal sweetbreads (my first foray into sweetbread), the artic char, and the octopus salad.  All were fabulous.  The octopus was so fresh and delicate that I couldn't believe it was actually octopus.  The arctic char had a perfect tang from the beet pickle that went fabulously with the celery salad bed.  Lee really knows how to accentuate his cooking with fabulous simple flavors that really pop in your mouth.  As I said, it was my first taste of sweetbreads and I am pretty sure I just want to eat them every day of my life for eternity.  They were nice and crisp on the outside and they had the sweetest smoothest flavour on the inside!  They were AMAZING!
For dinner, I had the chicken with bacon sauteed kale, and it was fabulous.  The chicken had a perfectly crisped skin and the meat was tender and moist.  The bacon sauteed kale was the perfect complement to the tender chicken.  My friend had the pork belly and she has since told me that she dreams of the crackle bit of that pork belly.  I had a small bite of the okinawa potato with the pork and some crackle and it was over the top.
The creme de la creme of the whole entire meal was Jessie Pawlucki's dessert.  Everything she seems to touch just melts in your mouth.  We shared the malted milk ice cream and the cheesecake with roasted pears.  And we were happily sent a mini chocolate mousse cake.  Everything was perfect.  At the point, we were the last people in the restaurant and my boyfriend crashed dessert.  Tori (the head of the house) pulled over a table and accomodated him with an extra spoon and a nice expresso.
Hands down, this is my all time favourite restaurant in the city.  Everything has a perfect flow and complement to the next.  The only thing I can fault them for is it's just too little for the amount of people they currently have coming and it's difficult to get a last minute reservation on the weekend.  But, c'est la vie...I loved this place, from start to finish!  My fiance and I are currently trying to eat our way through Philadelphia Magazine's top 50 restaurant list. We have about 26 to go. There have been a lot of disappointments on that list (The Farm and Fisherman was the number one disappointment, sadly). However, Fond was WONDERFUL. The service was attentive, the atmosphere was lovely and the food was delicious. My fiance and I shared the lobster risotto (to die for creaminess), foie gras (also to die for), and the tuna crudo (so fresh with a little bit of spice) to start and then had the flank steak and swordfish as entrees. I really liked the flank steak - it was served over risotto and a rich, flavorful sauce. the swordfish was good but couldn't match the flavors in the flank steak dish. For the dessert we ordered the cheese plate and cannolis. I regretted the cheese plate - not impressed by it, but the cannolis were delicious! As other reviewers have said, the olive loaf bread is SO GOOD.  I would definitely go back to this place - they know what they are doing and they do it well.  Fond deserves their place on the top 50 restaurant list!Four of us went last night for restaurant week.  It was my first time to the new location, and while it is no longer a BYOB, they allow customers to bring their own Tuesday through Thursday, with no corkage fee.  The roasted squash appetizer was so good I could have had it for a main course.  The mushroom soup amuse bouche is always a pleasure.  I ordered a la carte because I wanted the skate and risotto.  Yum!  Everyone else ordered off the restaurant week menu and were very happy.  For desert I ordered malted milk ice cream with chocolate crumbles and peanut brittle and was I glad I did.  Worth the calories for sure.  The staff is so accommodating and the service is top notch.We had a spectacular dinner at Fond this past Friday. We thought this was BYOB but apparently on Fri and Sat there is a $10 per bottle cork fee, which was fine with us because I wasn't overly impressed with the wine menu. All of our plates were delicious-I would highly recommend the escargot and pork belly. We also tried a few specials they had on the menu-oysters, yellowtail ceviche and oysters as well as the rib eye. My husband and I were blown away by the food and will be sure to add it to our Philly favorites.Not what I was expecting when we walked in.  The place is tiny, the service is sharp, the prices were at first glance steep.  On that note, it was well worth it.  The apps were small and sharable but the flavors were great.  The Foie Gras was to die for.  Its a must goIf you want to go to a BYOB that spills out the latest food from 3 years ago without any real identity of its own in an overcrowded room on the increasingly up-its-own-ass East Passyunk Ave.,  go here.
If you want a meal served with 7 food trends rolled into one dish (i.e., pork belly + any 6 other random "now" things), then you too will be fond of Fond.
If you want a random drunk chick from some other table to sit on your husband's lap because the pin cushion footprint of this place creates an uncomfortable false sense of permissive intimacy - then run, don't walk (mind tripping over the long beards) to this gem!
It was just. all. too. much.
I don't get the hype, maybe I'm just not hip enough.  I love that you love it, I'm not you.Outstanding meal! We went through the app menu and really loved it! The veal terrine was just rediculous good, I recommend it.Not sure if they always have it but the prix fixe dinner was amazing from beginning to end!Peoples'  true colors come out in times of emergency.  Some crumble and get overwhelmed under the pressure, others act nonplussed, and then the few remain calm, level-headed and responsible.  Fond, the restaurant and its staff, I discovered, fall in the last category. 
True story (in short) - during dinner on a busy Friday night, halfway through our appetizer, the table next to us, yelled "Call 911".  An elderly diner had slumped over in his seat and required immediate medical attention.  The restaurant's staff came to a halt and immediately tended to the gentleman.  As it thankfully turns out, amongst the diners (25 or so of us), there were not one, but two emergency nurses and a doctor! (what are the chances of that?)
The hosts and staff (servers, bus boys) made sure calls were made, that someone was on the look-out for the ambulance and placed a makeshift pillow for the incapacitated diner whom they had laid out on the floor.  Once the paramedics arrived, the staff ensured that everyone in his party had everything they needed to get on their way and escorted them out.
It is difficult for anyone to recuperate from an emergency like that, especially in small quarters such as Fond, but they did so effortlessly and seamlessly.  The attention, care and kindness exhibited earlier was as ever present before, during and after our meal.  Faultless service with a genuine smile (I mean, read up on their pedigree, this ain't a one time type of thing).  Love that.
The food is prepared in just the same manner as the service, with an eye for detail and depth for flavor.  The menu stays on the safe side without any unusual or interesting standouts, but the execution is right on the money.  Amuse-bouches are still shooters of soup (that particular night an intense rosemary scented mushroom soup with truffle[!] oil) - so venture through the yummy appetizers at will (try the Tuna crudo).  Highlight was the most decadent, fork break apart tender short rib with faro, goat cheese, golden beets and a lick-plate worthy bordelaise sauce.  Also, don't leave without trying a desert, their pastry chef (formerly at Bec Fin) puts together some tantalizing doozies.I dined at Fond about 2 years ago, and lets just say the meal didn't live up to the hype.  But restaurants have bad nights, so I returned recently and, well... it still doesn't live up to the hype.
The first course was truly amazing - scallop was delicious, and the tuna crudo was top notch.  But then the wheels came off for the 2nd course.  Skate was overly salted to an absurd degree (as in the cap on salt shaker must have fallen off while seasoning the fish); and the beef which was ordered medium rare didn't have a hint of pink, let alone red.
So many better options...This place is astonishsingly good. The food is BRIGHT, unpretentious, and excellent. There is a 5-course tasting option and a 7-course tasting option. The 7-course option is a lot of food.
The bar is excellent, the wines and cocktails are all unique, intelligent, and cozy.
Can't say enough good things about this place.No longer a straight BYO. They will let you bring your own wine on weekends for a charge of $10 per bottle. Food is still good, service is prompt and knowledgeable.
One piece of advice, at this time of the year ask for a table at the back of the restaurant. All the tables by the windows are frigid and the cold air just keeps coming . Even the little space heater the owner sat on the ledge did little to help keep warm.
With the $10 bottle charge I would have to say that Marigold Kitchen is a better place to go, but never had a bad meal here at Fond.I had a wonderful meal here with my parents the night before I took the LSAT.
We usually bring wine with us, but since I was taking a test the next day I completely forgot. Upon realizing Fond is a BYOB, my dad looked disappointed because he was looking forward to a glass of wine with his entree.
He asked our waiter for a suggestion on the closest Wine & Spirits, and instead the waiter brought him a nice glass of red wine on the house. Great touch and definitely set a precedent for the rest of the meal.
For our entrees, I ordered the skate, which was served with a meyer lemon and edamame risotto and soy brown butter. The piece of skate was huge and perfectly cooked. You should know that it did appear to be dusted with some flour prior to sauteing for a little crust, so if you don't like that, let them know.
My mom ordered the Arctic Char, which was very light and served with a refreshing fennel salad. If you like lighter dishes, this is perfect.
I was a little nervous when my dad ordered the roast chicken, but I tried it and it was absolutely amazing! Tender, perfectly seasoned, with a nice side of cabbage and fingerling potatoes. It's hard to impress my dad, but he cleaned is plate- a sign of a good night!
For dessert we shared the cremeux, which is similar to chocolate mousse. I don't know how they did it, but it was creamy and rich while light and airy at the same time. The cremeux was paired with a delicious raspberry sauce and cherries soaked in ruby port. Ahhhhh!
Overall, not a single miss with this dinner. Service was incredible, the restaurant is cozy and inviting, and the food was cooked perfectly. I will return here again and again, especially considering the quality for the price ($20-$26 for entrees).The food was good but overpriced.  For example, $12 for an heirloom tomato salad appetizer consisting of 4 very small pieces of tomato, not worth the price.  The hanger steak was tough, the scallops and lamb were excellent.  The wait staff were excellent and the venue terrific.  The acoustical panels absorb the sound, an attention to detail that most BYOB's lack, making the space amenable to conversation.Awesome little BYOB in south philly.
I had grilled swordfish with a puree of roasted ramp and trumpet mushrooms.  It was perfectly pink on the inside and the smoke of the roasted ramp was a surprise.  My girlfriend had the most amazing mushroom risotto.  Everything was extremely well prepared.Fond naturally invites comparisons with Bibou, and a number of other places around Philly for that matter.  Sometimes I think that everyone in Philly is trying to open up the same restaurant.  But regardless of how unique it is or not, Fond serves up some wonderful cuisine.
It's nice to have a restaurant like this so close to where I live, and it's not impossible to get reservations here either.  The staff were all very friendly and the place has a cozy, casual atmosphere.  I enjoyed more or less everything I ate, with the caveat that several things were on the salty side.  Only one thing--an appetizer of venison pate--was "too salty," but the amuse bouche soup (a sort of cream of mushroom, I believe) and my entree of monkfish were really pushing that envelope of being almost too salty.  The chef came out afterwards to greet everyone and I really wanted to mention that but I didn't want to be "that guy" who makes some picky comment about salt, so here I am writing my passive-aggressive Yelp review instead.  That being said, the flavors of both were excellent and everything was cooked well.  This was also my first time eating monkfish, so I have nothing to compare it to.
The foie gras tasted almost dessert-like with it's apple-themed preparation, but very good--a bit on the softer side for foie gras.  It didn't come with enough bread but we got more without a problem.  I got to try my boyfriend's pork belly dish, which everyone is raving about, and found this to be excellent also.  But the highlight of the meal for me was the desserts--the malted chocolate ice cream with peanut brittle and the meyer lemon cake with crispy rosemary meringue were both first-rate, and I thought the latter was pretty original.  I'll be interested to see what their spring/summer menu offerings will be.We had dinner at Fond on a very rainy night last Saturday.  The service and food were excellent.  Having said that, the price for dinner was $175, which included tip.  Okay, we had 3 courses plus dessert so this place is not cheap.  There are about 20+ tables and it is difficult to get one.  We ate at the bar and had great conversation with a couple of locals who gave us recommendations on other restaurants in the area.  This place is relaxed and fun and friendly.
Highly recommended.I went in with high hopes for Fond, overall it was good, but not great. I had a cocktail to start that just tasted like lemon juice, was supposed to have tea infused with ginger, but honestly, I couldn't taste it at all. We shared several appetizers, the fois gras was excellent, but the escargots were disappointing. I think they were trying to do something more creative than the standard, but it ended up just tasting a little weird. I had the Icelandic cod as my entrée, while it was good, there was just too much salt, especially in the tzatziki, I couldn't eat it and had to scrape it off. The restaurant itself is very cute and very pleasant, but our server just didn't seem experienced enough for this category restaurant. Overall, it was an okay experience, but, when you factor in the cost, I would not go back, there are better options.Wonderful as always. I have been here 3 times and the service is excellent.  The food is fabulous and perfectly cooked. I had the duck, medium-rare, and my boyfriend had the pork belly. We were both so in love with our dishes that we didn't even share, which we always do.  Loved the table side presentation of the mushroom soup. I must repeat: the service is perfection. Small and cozy atmosphere. Walking distance from my apartment...what more can a girl ask for?My fiancé and I were on a mini vacation the Philly area for the weekend and my fiancé wanted something fancier than what we were eating.  We were not dressed for "fancy", so Fond was a good choice.  The food was great and there was no dress code.  I had the hanger steak, the waitress forgot to ask how I would like it and I forgot to mention I like my steaks on the more well done side, so I did have to send it back because it came out medium rare. A bit to raw for me. We also had burrata and the foie gras for appetizer. Again, I had the hanger steak and my fiancé had the pork belly.  Everything was delicious, the pork belly skin was very crispy and meat part was very tender.  The best part of the meal was the dessert.  We shared a molten chocolate ice cream.  If we are in the Philly area again, we wouldn't mind going back.This is by far my favorite restaurant. I love it so much and I cry when I eat the food because it is so delicious. You have to try the pork belly with the sweet potatoes. Everyone there is so freaking nice it's ridiculous.Strikes me as the kind of place that will always serve a very good meal, but never a great one.  It's classic, above average...yet nothing special.
The inside is smaller than I expected, but never got too loud despite a full house.  Service was fine enough though maybe a bit overexcited.  Do less.
Had gazpacho that was on special that night then the grilled Spanish octopus.  Gazpacho was nice, light, refreshing on a hot summer night but nothing worth going out of your way for.  Liked the octopus much better.  Cooked very well, not at all rubbery and the slight burnt taste from the grilling gave it a nice complexity of flavor.  Very satisfying and a larger than expected portion size.  Worth checking out for sure.
Dessert (Malted Milk Chocolate Ice Cream) was OK - obviously just brought from down the street at Belle which isn't bad but struck me as something that'd been sitting for awhile vs being made fresh.An amazing experience.  Only opened a week, this place is destined to be the new star of the Phil. food scene.  Charming and solicitious service and very memorable food -- try the halibut with English pea raviolli and the corn rissotto.  A remarkable addition to an already spectacular block.You can tell the owners are really passionate about food here. I love how the dishes in the pre-fixe menu are adventurous without being so experimental that taste is sacrificed. My only negative is that it sometimes seems they're so into food that the atmosphere can come off as a tiny bit snooty. Still giving five stars because the food is divine!Delicious! All of the entrees were amazing, especially the swordfish. Asparagus salad was fantastic. 
And the highlight of the meal was a chocolate torte with lavender mascarpone. Every bite more wonderful than the last! 
Fond also has a lovely staff, all of whom announce the food as it arrives at your table. 
Five stars!I thought this place was great, but somehow just not all that memorable. 
We both ordered the Matador, which was a margarita made with Cabo Wabo Tequila and passion fruit purée. Simply best drink I have ever had in my life. Huge props to the bartender. 
For appetizer we had oysters, which typically I love, but these tasted very fishy to me. We also had the foie gras with lemon ricotta appetizer. The foie gras was seared perfectly with the most amazing flavor as one can only expect from foie gras. I thought the accompanied peaches and peanut nuts were a bit odd, but overall it actually came together nicely. One thing I didn't like about the dish was the lemon ricotta. It was light and creamy but the addition of an overwhelming amount of fresh rosemary was just very strange. It was so overpowering indeed that it's all I tasted. I had pieces in my teeth. Luckily, I had a nice amuse-bouch still left to wash it down with. It was a shot of the most scrumptiously delicious mushroom soup. Just perfection. Wish they had that on the menu!
For entrées we had a skate wing with gnocchi and a seared sirloin with farro and beets. Skate was good and had a nice sear to it. The gnocchi were incredibly light and yummy. My husband did complain that there were only about 5 of them in the entire portion. My steak was cooked to perfection. The side very good but nothing spectacular. 
For dessert we had the coconut cream cake which was good but not memorable. 
The place overall was a little odd. I guess because it's tiny. I though the bathroom location right next to the coffee prep station was a little weird. I also thought it was odd for such a small and highly rated restaurant to be practically empty at 8:30 on a Saturday night. 
Our waitress was a little dry and not very enthusiastic. 
Overall it was a good experience but missing some zing.My husband and I went to dinner here last week. I had been to Fond with a girlfriend at their old location and ended up sick (I think it was due to the richness of the food) so I was slow to return. Our meal was incredible. We had the risotto, fois gras, a crab special and the pork belly. All were great. The toast tasted a bit burnt but I think it was intended to be that way. All in all totally worth the trip. Great Service too!Absolutely the best. I was forced to go there the first time. I didn't want to go because it was a BYOB but that was quickly forgotten about. Food, atmosphere,and service all top notch. Not to pricey and you leave stuffed!Fond has very good food, excellent service and a cozy environment that makes it the place for a great dining experience. The short rib and scallop dishes are fantastic!
Perhaps the aspect of the restaurant that I liked the most was the minimalist menu with only 5 appetizers and 5 entrees. There aren't a diverse array of items but each one sounded excellent. I liked this because I hate agonizing over picking one out of the list and being overcome with the anxiety of missing out on something else. 
Anyhow, the food was very good and on the border of excellent. We had the foie gras and cauliflower veloute for appetizers. The foie gras was a very large portion and had a really nice scored sear with a crunchy outside. However, it was cold in the center. I was ambivalent about the contrast in temperatures but I would rather have had it warm throughout. The flavor cauliflower veloute was just missing something (maybe pepper or something else earthy). The texture was a bit on the thin side. Despite this initial impression, the entrees really wowed us. The short rib was perfectly tender and flavorful. The carmelization on the brussels sprouts was delicious. The spatzle was really good in terms of flavor, but I felt it was a bit too light and airy. I'm used to it being a bit heavier and denser. The scallop dish was a hit in every sense. The presentation was beautiful. The scallops were cooked to perfection with a nice sear. The meat was firm and flavorful. A whisper of truffle tied the entire dish together without standing out as the only flavor so the flavors of the dish was very well balanced.
I really loved the service at Fond. There was about 4 people who attended our table through the night. They were all pleasant and knowledgeable. When they asked for feedback, they were receptive and talked about what the chef envisioned for the dishes. They were very helpful and a major asset to a satisfying dining experience.
The dining room is small, which makes it feel like you are in someone's house for a dinner party. Despite being small, it was not loud which is really great. However, the tables are a bit close. I was sitting with my back to the main flow of the restaurant and I kept getting bumped in to by the staff. Nothing egregious, but annoying nonetheless. 
I would go back to Fond once the menu changes in the spring just to see how the chefs work with other ingredients. I really enjoyed my meal!Since I moved to EPX last year, I've been meaning to visit Fond.  Last Friday, my boyfriend and I finally ventured over.
What a great decision!  
First of all, I love that it is BYOB.  It makes the meal so much more enjoyable when you can bring your favorite bottle AND save a ton of dough.
The wait staff was very attentive and seemed knowledgeable on the menu and even the wine we had brought.
We ordered a mushroom risotto to share.  My boyfriend ordered the special- lamp chops in a brown sauce with tzatiki sauce on the side.  I ordered the sea scallops.
Before our starters came out, they brought us a sample of a cool coconut soup-- I really enjoyed it.  My boyfriend isn't a coconut fan- so I drank his :)
The risotto.  Oh. My. God.  So good!!  It has roasted mushrooms, truffles and toasted hazelnuts.  I could have eaten two entire orders of that.
Then they came around with the bread- we tried the olive bread, which was amazing.  It came with seasoned butter.  Again, delicious.
My boyfriend really enjoyed his lamb chops.  I tried a piece and it was pretty darn good.  My scallops were cooked perfectly. They came on a piece of thin toast, with a side of warm romaine with an aioli on it.  I couldn't stop eating.  I usually eat half my meal and try to take the rest home.  Not this time.   It was awesome.
Because of the good things we heard about the dessert, we ordered some sort of peanut butter dessert.  I can't remember- I think I was in food heaven.
The total bill came to about $95 with tip.  I thought it was worth every dollar.  I'm really glad that such a great place has opened in East Passyunk and I hope they have a long life down here in south philly!!It's like a dream come true. Fond is a small new East Passyunk BYO with great service and outstanding food where (for now) you can walk in without a reservation and be seated right away. 
To start, the bread was warm and delicious. The little watermelon gazpacho thing was unusual, but refreshing and pleasantly spicy. The chicken liver mousse and seared sea scallops were basically perfect. The generous portion of scallops was cooked and seasoned just right, and I couldn't get enough of the celery and raisins that accompanied. 
We almost passed on dessert, since Capogiro is so close by, but the passion fruit crêpes were just too tempting. Wise decision, it turned out. The coconut sorbet may have been even better than the crêpes themselves. 
Great for a low-key celebration, or when you just really want a quality meal.I was looking forward to my reservation for an outdoor table on a beautiful summer night. When we arrived, I was told that our table was given away to someone who wanted to sit outside. I wanted to sit outside, that's why I reserved that table! Strike 1. And, if I had known I would be sitting inside then I would have dressed for the air conditioning. We sat in the cramped front dining area and spent the rest of the evening with the gazillion waiters buzzing by, brushing against our elbows, and with their butts in our faces each time they serviced the table next to us. Strike 2. I don't have any strangers' butts in my face when I eat at home. We ordered cocktails and the five course tasting menu. I was hoping the food would redeem our night since the ambiance was not nice. The first course arrived before our hugely delayed cocktails. I had ordered a spicy watermelon margherita. When it did arrive, it was warm and tasted off. It had an indefinable unpleasant taste. I'm not sure if the watermelon juice had gone bad, but it was also not sweet like I would expect from a simple margherita. Strike 3! My date tried to help me by switching drinks but even he couldn't finish it. We stayed for the food which was okay, but not AMAZING. The sauces were over-rich and there was a bread situation. The skate wing was a little oily, but it was my favorite. Overall a slightly bizarre night with an overabundance of waiters and an under-abundance of bread at an otherwise well reviewed restaurant!The environment was nice for a date night. The service was very polite and accommodating. Overall the food was good. The foie gras was delicious and a very generous portion for an appetizer. Much recommended!Fond and I moved onto East Passyunk at about the same time 3 years ago.  How, might you ask, when I live only 3 doors away did it take me so long to try it?  Well, the answer for me is that when I'm paying $25+ for an entree I'm usually disappointed, so I was hesitant.  However, when we learned that Fond would be moving this fall onto the Triangle and acquiring a liquor license we wanted to try it in it's original setting and while we could still BYO our own wine.  My girlfriend and I went last night for an overdue birthday dinner for her and we were not disappointed.
As we approached a happy trio of impeccably dressed older folks were exiting and raving.  "This is the best restaurant in Philadelphia!"  The setting is intimate, basically the downstairs of a small row home.  It is nicely but simply decorated.  It probably can get loud when crowded but I noticed they nailed some fabric to the ceiling to absorb some sound.  
We were started with our choice of fresh sourdough or olive bread.  The olive bread is delicious and probably would have been more so if it was still warm.  For an appetizer we chose the Yellow-Fin Tuna Tartare ($13).  It's a very small portion.  The flavors are delicious, though I personally felt the coconut broth overwhelms the dish a bit.
In between we received an "amuse-bouche" palate cleanser of watermelon soup.  Very interesting.
For my entree I got the Beef Flat-Iron ($28).  It came with an onion jam, fresh local tomatoes and bread crumbs with a Bordelaise sauce.  It was recommended cooked medium rare.  This was some of the best prepared beef I have ever eaten.  It melted in my mouth.  The onion jam was not too sweet and the tomatoes were some of the freshest and most flavorful I have ever had.  Both complimented the beef perfectly.  The bread crumbs added a texture compliment with just a slight crunch.  The presentation was beautiful as well.  A near perfect dish, and this coming from someone who doesn't even consider himself a foodie.
For dessert (all $8) we tried a chocolate and cheesecake torte with merange and chocolate sauce, and a maple glazed pear with streusel that came with bourbon vanilla ice cream.  Both deserts were delicious.  The standout was the ice cream; could have eaten an entire gallon of it.  And when paired with the soft pear and crunch of the streusel it was perfectly balanced texture-wise.
Our server, Tory (also an owner) was pleasant and attentive.  $110 was the total for 1 app, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, tax + tip.  Well worth it for a special meal.  And Fond is well worth the attention it is garnering.Frickin AMAZING - like, haiku amazing...
Lil' BYOB
Fifty-five for five courses.
Complete gem worth praiseAfter battling the Expressway And all of the closures around center city and south philly, we were thrilled to alight at Fond all of a minute late. Greeted warmly as we entered, the prominence of a bar confused me, since my husband had noted on their website that it was byo, plus a corkage fee.  Ah yes, it used to be, commented the very attractive wait staff person.  It used to be when we were at  our old location but now we serve liquor and do a byo to accommodate old customers. And obviously to confuse new ones. My husband ordered a vodka cocktail infused w Lemoncello, currently curing at our home.  That packs a wallop of vodka too.  Maybe it should be called Vodka Vodka w Thyme and more lemon.  If not theologically pure, it was just okay not great. Which characterized the rest of our meal. 
We were offered a choice of olive bread-decent- and a not very intriguing sour dough bread. An amuse bouche was served- a small vial of quite good spicy watermelon soup. That we liked a lot. While my husband's drink still retained a chill and 3/4 of it was full, our food magically arrived.  Very showy service, pouring small containers of sauce at table side into very large bowls w small portions. Neither of my two appetizers I ordered in lieu of an entree was overwhelming. Two seared tiny and flavorful scallops adorned a vessel with chopped cucumber and yogurt sauce.  That might have worked except for feta hiding behind the cucumber. If only it had stayed hidden from my taste buds. It didn't work.  I turned to the second huge bowl with a lovely array of tuna crudo.  There the chopped cucumber and mango was nicely flavored and added to the tuna's richness. But alas the coconut sauce, added with such finesse shouldn't have been poured. It worked against the sweetness of the tuna and the pull of the fruit, vegetable and flavor of herbs.  Nah, neither very good. My husband's seared tuned on top of what looked like a tuna and a salad with some greens added in for color. The sauce was at best mediocre. Our daughter was the real winner. Of course she didn't have to pay which is winning anyway. She ordered the Alaskan Halibut with black beans and spinach set on a romenescu sauce which deliver flavor and delicacy simultaneously. She was happy. Very happy. We skipped dessert, opting for the safer and more predictable delicious Gay Ice Cream on South just below South. No confusion or jacked up ordinariness there. 
Would not return.Everything we had for dinner was excellent.  We loved the people, the restaurant and the food.  Can't wait to go back for ore.  Deserving of the Beard semi-finalist vote.This is a French Cuisine restaurant and The service  here definitely defines the city known for brotherly love. Came here with girlfriends last Thursday night and the ambience was just perfect! The staff is wonderful and always asked how each dish was soon as it came out.  The bar was beautiful and had various selections.  If you like coders, try the Pear cider.  We had apps and dessert and the texture and presentation was on point. It was too pretty to eat at times!  Thank you Fond! Will definitely come back again! Please see pictures on the dishes ordered, we had a lot as it was too much to remember.The food was excellent.  The service was atrocious.  Bottom-line, i was asked get up from my table and leave since there was another couple waiting to be seated.  Mind you, i had just signed the check and my girlfriend had gotten up to go to the bathroom.  Oh yeah, my glass of wine was not even empty.  I'm not going to eat faster and leave before I'm finished just because you forgot about our orders and have the logistical capacity of a grade school child.Fond will remain on the top 50 philly for a very long time! Very small, quaint restaurant so be sure to make reservations ahead of time. Valet parking is available out front for $12.00, but street parking is also available. 
The appetizers here surely don't miss a mark! We started with the tuna crudo, foie gras and butternut squash soup. The tuna crudo was extremely fresh and the foie gras is so flavorful! The butternut squash is wonderful with presentation and joined with lump crab meat. 
They offered scallops as an entree special that day and it was wonderful; lots of flavor and accompanied by sweet potatoes! My husband got the pork belly which he absolutely loved! 
You should definitely give find a try. Make sure you are ready to spend because you should truly try as many appetizers as possible.Don't get me wrong the food was quite lovely. There is a HUGE however. I can get spectacular quality food within a brisk walk of Fond in a more pleasant environment & they are pricy. I think I liked the old location better. 
The new location has a liquor license but you can BYOB on certain nights still. But there is something very wrong about the acoustics in this place which I find really distressing. It will probably be wonderful in the summer when they can open all the windows (on two sides which I'm looking forward to and will definitely return for!) but with all that class and some pretty but resonant tile it felt overly loud and crowded. It wasn't that busy. I suddenly realized why New York restaurants have all the Big curtains everywhere esp. the big long drapey Velvet ones. To dampen the noise, duh! They have noise blocker things on the ceiling, which I think are just painted canvases
The food like I said was lovely. I had the lobster risotto with hazelnut and truffle. It was rich and creamy with chunks of lobster. I don't think I could have eaten a dinner size portion. If I had a gallbladder it would have been crying, it was rich with a beautiful lobster flavoured creamy goodness. OK, drooling now.
My boyfriend had the short ribs which he practically licked the plate clean. They were obviously delicious. He offered me like the second to last bite, at which time I was stuffed.
I had an oyster appetizer also. Wonderful champagne vinaigrette on top but they cracked one of them and I had to pull shards of shell from my lips which was really unpleasant. Yeah, I tip my oysters. Not very ladylike. I don't care. 
All in all if they can dampen the din I'd add a star.One of the best dinners I've had in Philly. Great ambience, fabulous service, and delicious foodFond of Fond?  I think so.
Four of us ventured down Passyunk to this small BYO.  It's extremely intimate.  I can only see them holding about 30 people.  That's ok, we had two bottles of wine and empty stomachs.
I should preface this review by saying that my parents are not very adventurous while my girlfriend and I are.  We all had a great time and raved about the food.  Here's the lineup:
Amuse Bouche
Butternut Squash Soup - very tasty, nutty and warm  Definitely woke the palate up
Their housemade bread is delicious.  I had the sourdough
Appetizers
Risotto - mushrooms and hazelnuts, what flavor!
Sweetbreads - pretty good but I've had better
Foie Gras - I really liked the flaky crust
Entrees
Pork Belly - Oh my delicious.  The okinawa sweet potatoes were a revelation.  It was so good I was forcing other people to have it.  "Here, try this, you're gonna go nuts."  They did
Hangar Steak - The meat was excellent, perfect medium rare.  The bordelaise sauce was amazing.  Nice touch on the polenta.
We skipped on dessert because I had something from Isgro's back at my house.
I will be back to this place.  Reasonably priced, intimate and a very accommodating staff.  After tasting the food here, you'll know what good cooking is.If you want the perfect overall dining experience, do not miss this BYOB Philadelphia restaurant. The 4.5 star yelp average is fully justified as you would be hard pressed to find a better meal or service in the city. 
I have wanted to try this place for a long time but I do not get down to the passyunk ave neighborhood area often, big mistake on my part. Thankfully I choose this spot to celebrate my birthday and despite being a Tuesday, this place was packed all night. It is not very big inside but you can make reservations on opentable and after sitting we were greeted with a watermelon gazpacho amuse bouche, yum. 
Of course I did my pre-meal research comparing the menu at Fond with Yelp reviewers favorites. Unfortunately on this night they did not have the seared foie gras but instead a foie gras pate special which I went for. The thing came out looking like a 12oz salmon steak and was a great dish - rich with tons of flavor and balanced with the figs and even more complete with the smokey pieces of toast. The other appetizer I sampled was the tuna tartare, holy aromatics. I love curry and I can't remember something so simple yet flavorful, I just wish it was a bigger portion because I could have eaten a dozen of those bowls. As for an entree I went with the grilled octopus which was like a paella on steroids. The spanish rice was flawless and as creamy as it gets. I can't remember having octopus cooked so well and the combination of salty chorizo and delicate mussels made this a contender for when I finally get on Best Thing I Ever Ate.
Desserts are outsourced but I still loved their Malted Milk Chocolate Ice Cream. I'm a sucker for anything peanut butter and the crunchy component was a sweet peanut brittle, a perfect ending to such a memorable meal.Fond is pretty good. Foie gras appetizer was great -- it's the one thing worth coming back for here. 
Mains were unexceptional.  Swordfish was not as succulent as I'd hope. Pork belly was just okay (& seems overrated). 
Another thing Fond does very well is the Olive bread (complimentary) which had great texture and flavour.
Service was mixed.  One waiter was friendly and helpful.  Service from the other waiter was not so good -- he would abruptly reach across the table with long utensils in front of my face to put bread on my companion's plate.  Uncomfortable and a little scary.This restaurant was amazing in every way. Service was attentive, noise was kept to a minimum, and every dish tasted great. The oysters to start were super fresh. The seared Foie Gras was well worth the price and one of the best I have had. Finally, the scallop special was super fresh and the rice had the best crunch. Highly recommend.This cozy BYOB on east Passyunk in South Philly is perfect for an evening out with your beau or small group of friends.  Service was fantastic - our server had poured our first glass of wine before we'd even hung up our coats up and sat down!  
It was our first time there so we ordered the 5 course tasting menu.  We started with a vegetable bisque soup amuse bouche from the chef.  This was followed by the Tuna Crudo (outstanding!!), Boar Pate, Pork Belly (outstanding!), Seared Tuna, (we ordered a cheese platter here - came with a hard, medium & soft cheese) and dessert was the chocolate malt ice cream with peanut brittle with pistachio tart.  Everything was heavenly!!
Our server was very attentive - he kept our wine glasses full and checked on us periodically to make sure everything was satisfactory!  Great service without all the formality and stuffiness of well-known 5 star restaurants.
I highly recommend this adorable, warm, bright gastronomic treasure!
NOTE:  If you map quest directions, make sure you put in East Passyunk so you make it on the correct side of Broad Street- we were 1/2 an hour late because mapquest had us on the wrong side of Broad Street.After a rough start at Fond on our very first visit a few years ago,  this restaurant just gets better and better. We have been back several times since and the food and service have been excellent. Their new space has a great vibe and its always a treat to dine there!Amazing short ribs that melt in your mouth. Pork belly was excellent. Overall a great dinning experience.Excellent food. There are a lot of adjoining great restaurants in the immediate vicinity and j consider all of them equally good and slightly different. Check itAs we work our way thru the Philly Magazine top 50 restaurant list, we found ourselves at Fond.  The parking situation in that area of South Philly is very limited with no parking garages so just save yourself the time and use the valet parking.  On a Wednesday night, there was only one other table and one gentleman at the bar so the service was very personal.
We started off with olive bread with salted butter (no comments since I don't like olives).  We started off with the pumpkin risotto based on the rave reviews from fellow yelpers.  I was not overwhelmed but the risotto was good.  My companion had the foie gras and I had the arctic char tartare and we both relished in our dishes.  Our main courses were the pork belly (made to perfection served with okinowan sweet potatoes which I must find my own source) and a ribeye steak. 
The desert was pudding with a scoop of absolutely delightful goat cheese ice cream.  We asked where the chef gets the ice cream and were disappointed that it is made in house and not for sale separately.  
I understand why Fond is a top 10 restaurant in Philly.  I wish the location was more central but it is worth the trip.We came here the first night they started doing $10 oysters (6) and rosé, so service was a little slower but still amazing. 
Oysters were from cape cod, we did a total of 8 plates, four per person. It came with a grape mignonette and usually I'm not a fan of mignonette, but wow this was good. 
We also ordered the special soft shell crab, and seared hamachi. From the happy hour menu, we got the grilled duck hearts and the crispy pork rillette. The duck hearts had a nice charcoal taste, and were not over cooked (so soft, and oh my god the cucumbers) the crispy pork rillette was a nice surprise too. Everything just worked perfectly. The soft shell crab was juicy, soft and sweet, fried to perfection. It came with sushi rice, avocado and nori. The hamachi was a little bit of a disappointment though, it came with a seaweed salad but it lacked flavor. 
All in all, we loved it. We even made reservations to come back in two days for their tasting menu. (Not joking, opentable was full so we asked our waiter to squeeze us in. And he did. We'll see you soon Fond!)We visited Fond not too long after it opened, when it was further south on Passyunk Avenue.  I remember it as good.   I don't remember what I had.  My strongest recollection was being hustled out after dinner because the space was so small -- and we didn't go back. 
It has since moved a few blocks north: directly overlooking the Passyunk Ave. fountain.  It is a pretty setting, the kitchen continues to be very well reviewed and we thought we should give it another chance.  I won't forget about Fond this time!  We each had the crab risotto as an appetizer. The rice was flavorful and the lump crab topping fresh.  The whole thing lighter and more delicate than I expect risotto to be.  I then moved on to pork belly with a crispy top and caramelized sweet potatoes   and finished up with slice of creamy citrus cheesecake and a lemon curd-filled cannoli cookie roll up.  
The entire dinner was sweetly memorable.  We will not let so many years go by before we visit again.We have been fans of Fond for quite some time. Every time we return, we feel like we have come home. Recently we had reservations at another favorite restaurant not far from Fond. There was a miscommunication, we were unaware that on that night there was a fois gras 5 course prix-fixe. Oops. We drove a bit further and stopped at Fond. We were welcomed graciously by Tory, our host. We were the first to be seated but not the last. The place filled up quickly.
Our meal was delicious. We brought our own wine, no corkage fee during the week, and settled down to a wonderful dinner. We had the lobster risotto, wild boar pate to start. Both were delicious, the pate was a large portion. Our entrees were- skate, and scallops. Both were delicious, the scallops were cooked perfectly. We finished with the malt chocolate ice cream with nuts and peanut brittle. Fantastic.
It was a delicious, very enjoyable birthday dinner.Well, let me add to the plethora of positives for Fond. Dined there mid-week for a special occasion with friends. We were going to take advantage of the weekday BYOB option, but I arrived before the booze did, so I had a tasty Old Fashioned from the bar (it was that kind of day at work). We each had appetizers, entree and dessert, with not a miss in the group. Our  selections ran the gamut and among the 5 of us, we sampled much of the fall menu. The olive bread was insanely good. Hard to stop at 2 pieces. My risotto app was sublime and my salmon entree was the best representation of that fish that I've had. Cost per person averaged $60 with tip. Our server Ahnu (? spelling) was one of the best servers I've had ...attentive, polished and professional, but not at all stuffy. It was the icing on the proverbial cake that evening.jrg and i found our pork belly and venison to be among the top of what we've had before of these dishes.  pork belly had a crispy skin, so this thrilled j to his core.  I can't ever do a meat prep with "rare" in it, so I asked for medium and received a dish as red as I could possibly eat.  It was delish but the sauce was a little salty.  That being said, the food is at a taste level which rivals high end restaurants in Philadelphia (i.e. blow-your-mind delicious)!
      Most of our experience was fantastic.  We arrived on time for our 7:30 reservation, and we had to wait a few minutes, a phenomenon which will make me nervous for the forseeable future (ref. recent Green Eggs Cafe review).  There is no space for more than 2 people to wait for their reservation during cold weather, and there's less space between tables once you get there.  The ambiance is terrible for a first date due to volume in the cafeteria-style-seating room, but for oldheads like us, it's a great place to people watch.  
      Service was impeccable and folks seemed to be genuinely nice, which is something of value these days.  We paid more for our dinner than we're used to, but we don't feel violated by it.  The food is delicious, the staff is pleasant, and this is all a neighbor can ask for in a destination restaurant in her familiar 'hood.
      Also, we have a unique place here because it's a quaint BYO which accepts credit cards.Went here with my boyfriend for my birthday. Every course was fantastic! We had the pumpkin risotto and after were brought out a mushroom soup amuse-bouche. I could eat a whole cauldron of the mushroom soup! My main dish was the pork belly and it was cooked to perfection! The top was even crispy, which I had never had before but gave each bite a nice little crunch and was in good contrast to the potato and veggie texture. Best part was they were very conscientious about my nut allergy, so much so that I was able to eat dessert! That is s rarity in my world, and I had an apple cake that was to die for! It is a pricey restaurant but worth every penny.Delicious food. Skate wing is incredible as an entree. Lobster with strawberry salad was unique and tasty.  Though the bus boys were knowledgeable and friendly, Tory the waiter/dining room manager was somewhat rude and curt. For a dining room manager, that's pretty bad business. Besides him, the experience was great and I would definitely recommend it.I only went for the Passyunk avenue restaurant week, but I really enjoyed my meal.  It was kindof expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for.  Even though most restaurants dull down their menus a bit for the special deal thing, the butternut squash soup was amazing, and my salmon entree was cooked just right.  The service was absolutely phenomenal.  There were only a few people working, but boy did they hussle.  Everyone was extremely polite and knowledgeable and I can honestly say this was the first dining experience I've ever had in my life where I truly felt like a princess.I thought the service was great but the food was ok. Duck was med rare but tough and chewy. I think the skate fish was tasty and I added foigras to my entree which is a good dealTo put it simply...if I could get away with licking my plate, I would had.
The Seared Foie Gras with Lemon Ricotta was a poem.
The Pork Belly was so utterly delicious, I talked about it the next day like a crush.
The staff was attentive, personable and lovely.
I tweeted that this was one of the best meals of my life, and it is indeed.Last night, four of us decided to get together at Fond.  Oddly, for us, we weren't really focused on the food as we chose our restaurant.  Rather, we were focused on getting together and catching up.  Boy, did that change.  Every time I go to Fond, I am reminded all over again that this is one of my top three or four restaurants in the entire city.  This place DOES IT ALL: from Tory's marvelous management of the front-of-house, to Christian's perfect and inventive cocktails, to Lee's simply magnificent cuisine, to Jesse's amazing desserts.  
Last night, the broccolini appetizer was new to ma and is now an instant fav.  The chicken, which none of us had ever had before, was a revelation: crisp on the outside and so tender within.  The lobster bisque soup was a triumph.  And don't get me started on the desserts, which at Fond cannot be missed!
Can't wait to return.  Quite excited also about their next Sunday afternoon wine tasting, October 25thI've only been to Fond once but I plan on going back soon. I was there on a night where they were offering a special tasting menu, my favorite thing was the Escargot, Braised Oxtail, Butternut Squash, Sage and Hazlenuts. I'm hoping that when I return it will be just as wonderful.I really don't get the hype. There are a dozen other better restaurants within a two block radius. The food is meh, the service is arrogant, the decor looks like it was chosen by a mobster's mother, and above all else it's just too expensive.
For the prices of each dish, I expect higher quality, not more food. I have had frozen seafood out of a box that was better. The dickish little waiter kept mocking my wife's choices and questions. I don't mind spending good money on food, but when I leave not only still hungry, but dissatisfied with my actual food, well then, I'm pretty damn unhappy.
Fond: Get over yourself. You're a diner with fancy place settings. Serving dishes with upscale names does not automatically make your food good. I could vomit in a terrine, fry it, and call it patee, but that doesn't make it true. Also, tell you kitchen staff to stop harassing the cute girls that walk by your kitchen window. It's unprofessional and predatory. 
Patrons: Go to Stateside across the square for better food and cocktails. Better yet, go to Noord directly across the street for way better food, friendly service, BYO, and a bill that won't leave you questioning whether or not the chef beat your meal to death in the back room.Amazing find when we were at my daughter's graduation. Some of he best food we have ever had. Sat at the chefs table overlooking the kitchen. Very special.When we first entered the restaurant, I seriously almost gagged. The smell in the place was literally atrocious. It was so bad I even put that as a tip on yelp. Anyone who came 7/20/13 (saturday) around 8:30pm can definitely attest to the smell. It smelled like bad fish...or a septic tank...or both. It must have been just a one-time thing since I don't see any yelp reviews about it.
Anyway, I just had to add that. Two of the group had a 5-course tasting menu with wine pairings. It was a little of the entire menu. They thoroughly enjoyed it. I got the pork chop, and another gal got the flat iron steak. The flat iron steak was amazing. I would definitely order that if I came back. My pork chop was pretty good, but not life altering. Cute date place. Regardless of the smell of the place, I would still give 4 stars, not 5.Good Service, Nice Atmosphere. Lobster Risotto  was great, their cod was good and so was their soft shell crab dish, my friend did not enjoy their flat iron steak as much, she said it was kind of bland, but she agreed that the risotto and cod was good.. I enjoyed it but I'm not sure if I will be back or not. It's a little pricey for the little bit of food you get but overall it's not bad.Visited Fond for a Mom's Day brunch with my father-in-law. I thought it wold be a bit more upscale, but there were folks there in baseball hats and tank tops. Also it was very noisy. My FIL had the greek omelet and said that he's had better at Penrose diner. I had eggs and pork belly. Eggs were fine; the pork belly - although well-carmelized on one side - was otherwise gelatinous and inedible.  On the plus side, the bloody marys were excellent.Recently went here for a friend's wedding so I can't speak for this place on regular night, but I bet everything is just as great. The seared foie gras is amazing and was flying off the plates. We had a different menu than is on their website, but from their main menu I tried the the Celery Root Veloute which was extremely aromatic and delicious (I mistakenly ordered the salad and had to beg my bf for some of this soup). 
If they have it, definitely try the wild boar gnocchi and striped bass with edamame. Unique menu and cozy atmosphere, and as we found out great if you want to host an intimate special event.Went here for a birthday dinner with the hubs.  Overall, very good, cute BYOB on a cute block of Passyunk.  
Since it was a birthday dinner, we opted for the 7 course tasting menu, which, while decadent, was not an insane amount of food.  Everything was delicious, especially the fish (I forget what kind) crudo, pate, and scallop with gnocchi.  The salmon and pork were yummy, but I felt like I could make something similar at home.  
My only serious complaint is that many of the dishes were over salted.  I appreciate that restaurants use more salt than the home cook to make the food taste good, but it almost ruined a few dishes, in particular the spring pea soup amuse bouche, where the sweetness of the peas was completely overpowered by salt. 
Service was great: attentive and friendly.  It looked like it would be nice to sit at one of the outside tables.  I'd definitely like to go back!My fiancé and I have been here for happy hour and dinner on multiple occasions. Tonight was a deal breaker. While the food was still excellent, the service was unacceptable. We ordered 3 courses each and received them over 2+ hours which is unbelievable! While we would have loved to have espresso and dessert we just couldn't wait any longer. To make matters worse, tables around us seemed to be getting their food so much more quickly. Sad to say, but I don't think we will be back for dinner anytime soon.The service is outstanding, the food even more so. I mean wow. Even the cheese course was fantastic. We had a wonderful time. It's a BYOB by the way. It's a bit expensive if you go all out, but worth every penny. I had the beef rib OMFG it was sooooooo good. The foie gras was outstanding. Started out with a complimentary shot of soup which was super tasty, ended with a sambuca provided gratis by our waiter of which we had 2 and both were attentive and professional, tended to every need without needing any hint at all. Overall a 12 out of 10.Extremely disappointed. The one star is for the service of the waitstaff. They tried to make this the best possible experience. The food was worse than average. Wanted love this place...actually, the food was awful...to put it nicely. I had to go home and have a grilled cheese.After calling somewhat last minute for a Saturday night reservation we were placed on a waiting list to be called if there were any last minute cancellations. Luckily for us we received the call while we were waiting for a table at another restaurant and jumped in the car to head over to Fond. Though we had to wait at the bar a few doors down (fond is very small) it was worth the hassle. 
We started out meal by literally ordering all of the appetizers, too hard to decide which to try so why not try them all! The chicken liver mousse was rich and creamy and perfectly paired with the homemade pickled vegetables. The butternut squash ravioli was amazing and we even won over a non meat eater with the sweetbread. Our meals didn't disappoint our already high expectations, at our table we had the skate wing, short ribs and the tuna special, all so flavorful and unique, we all literally were licking our plates. I have to also mention the homemade olive bread was hard to resist though we were trying to save room for everything else. Our favorite dessert was the cannoli's, which was more a play on the traditional cannoli. The owners Lee, Jessie and Tory were all so friendly and interested in our feedback. I will definitely be heading back to Fond very soon!Loved this place...so much so that we are thinking about going back before our trip is over and we don't usually repeat restaurants. 
Cons: I can't think of a single con for this restaurant (rare, I can usually think of something!).
I would recommend this restaurant for couples, for sure! I went with my fiancé and I'm happy we did. The environment is very intimate and a few of the tables have a street view; they also offer outside seating. It's a small joint with a small menu and it was perfect!!! 
We ate: 
Oysters (appetizer): awesome
Seared Scallops (my meal): awesome
Pork Belly (my fiancé's meal): SUPER awesome!!!
Brown Butter Lemon Pudding w/goat cheese ice cream (dessert): I mean...seriously?! Delicious! 
Before our meal they brought out freshly made olive bread prepared by their pastry chef and a watermelon chili pepper soup shooter; both were amazing. 
To drink, I had the Green Bee (so good!) and my Mr. had the Southampton (double white) beer (also really good). 
I seriously cannot write enough amazing things a about this place! The service was SPECTACULAR! If you're ever in Philly, go here!We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Fond. We began with the Crispy Pork Rillette, which was delicious. My wife had the Duck Confit Cassoulet and I had the Chicken Coq Au Vin. Both were excellent. Our only regret was not going for the 5-Course Tasting Menu, which the folks at the table next to us had, which looked amazing. Next time.
Take 2: We returned to fond to try the chef's tasting menu. It was truly excellent. As a result I've update my rating from 4 Stars to 5. We will be back.This still has to be one of the best BYO's in Philly. Have been several times and it never has an off night.
Fond's crispy sweetbreads blow Matyson away. The salad with roasted beets was fresh with a nice dressing. Again, I had the pork belly. They serve it just right with a very crispy skin and the pork itself is fork tender.
Not a fan of sweet potatoes, but these aren't bad. The veal cheeks with gnochhi was perfect. The veal was extremely tender and very tasty.
You might want to save room for Malted Milk Ice Cream topped with chocolate ganache and peanut brittle.
The service is prompt and friendly.
Hmmmmm, why don't I make this 5 stars? Guess the room could be a touch bigger which would lend itself to more comfortable chairs and a little more room between tables, but outside that the food is spot on.I always feel like a celebrity when I go to Fond. The food is outstanding (the Skate Wing is my favorite. It melts in your mouth like butter!), the servers are always polite, attentive, and knowledgeable, and I feel like I get some kind of special treatment every time I go there. The first time my fiancé and I visited, we were given a free appetizer and beer that had been brewed in-house. The second time was around Christmas, and it was a tiny gingerbread man and lady (holding hands because the server saw us holding hands. I mean, are you kidding?) And the third was for our anniversary, where we enjoyed a spicy watermelon amuse-bouche and received a desert dish that said "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate sauce. I highly recommend the truffle crab appetizer and the malted chocolate ice cream. Not together, of course. Don't forget there's no corkage fee during the week! It's a great way to enjoy the rockstar treatment without spending a fortune on drinks.It was a chilly, but sunny day for a Sunday brunch with friends and I was lucky to be able to make a reservation. It had been a while since I had dinner at Fond in 2013 and I already don't miss the tight, close seating, loud atmosphere and just an overall uncomfortable environment for me. However, the food was always worth it! 
Fond recently made brunch an option and the menu was enticing. We arrived early and the place was packed. We waited outside as the weather was beautiful and the restaurant was on a sunny corner. Eventually, we decided we should just sit outside rather than wait longer for a table to be available and the staff accommodated us rather nicely. 
I think the option of sitting outside (and being the only ones who decided to do so) made the experience a lot more enjoyable. We ordered our drinks (I had a mimosa replaced after a giant fly decided to take a dunk) and they started us off with a delicious braised apple waffle. The rest of our dishes arrived: a short rib "hash", the Fond burger with foie gras and a bacon/egg/cheese croissant. 
The burger was fantastic! Thick and juicy, perfect temperature, I didn't find the bleu cheese overwhelming and the foie definitely added a great flavor that made the dish perfect. The platter came with a light salad and hash browns. 
Overall, it was a great, memorable brunch. Our server (who I don't believe is there anymore) was very friendly and down to earth. The food was very satisfying in portion and taste. I highly recommend a visit but you may also want to make reservations first.Not Especially Fond of Fond,
My wife's friend called to meet for dinner and suggested a restaurant that she recently read a good review on, Fond.  Once we decided on getting together I decided to see what reviewers had to say on Yelp.  Reading the reviews I was quite impressed.  Checking out the menu I could see that they served some extraordinary dishes.  I had sampled Sweet Breads on another occasion while dining with friends in Vermont.  Braised Berkshire Pork Belly sounded interesting.   You can't go wrong with French Press Coffee.  
The place was small (cozy).  Upon arrival we were seated immediately.  Our waiter was very attentive but did not engage in any conversation with the patrons.  Cut and dry.  The place is BYOB which works well.  Dinner - I was not wowed by the food and neither was my wife.  It was just OK.  The Sweet Breads were OK and the Pork Belly - let's just say I would not order it again.  My wife ordered the evening's special salad - greens with quail.  For her main course she went with the chicken.  She was not impressed with her selections as well.  Deserts - fancy ice cream.Three of us went here last evening. We were early so were lucky enough to get the small room by the open kitchen. So much fun seeing how a restaurant run by people who care is run. Service and food quality was outstanding. Best raw oysters I think I have ever tasted. Other apps were delicious. As for entree's, the Skate, Alaskan halibut, and the Pork belly w/ Okinawa sweet potatoes were all excellent. Desserts excelled. Looking forward to returning soon...Very slow and inattentive service; overrated food.
DON'T order the escargot, it is the worst I have ever tasted in my lifeI am so glad that I finally was able to un-bookmark this place and finally get to have dinner here! It is such a cute and laid back restaurant, we sat right by the windows for some great people watching (and lots of dog watching!). To start, we had the olive and sour dough bread with a side of butter. Followed by the most amazing appetizer of the corn risotto and shrimp, both were so savory with amazing flavor. They also have a $10 special of a glass of champagne and about 6 oysters, so for anyone into that combo...it is here! For dinner, we ordered the scallops and trout. The trout was extremely good, however, the scallops had an odd orange sauce that we didn't love. Finally, for dessert we ordered a chocolate crème brulee and blueberry pavlova. Both were super unique and delectable. The crème brulee was so rich, and the perfect dessert for any chocolate lovers. The blueberry pavlova was very light, crispy and subtly sweet. Overall we had a great time, and it would probably have been 5 stars if my expectations weren't so high and with a couple just OK items it brought down to 4 stars. They do have a tasting menu as well, but it turned out better to just order off the menu and share the exact dishes we wanted to try. Definitely recommend!Service was perfect, dinner was delicious. We went with the tasting menu and wine pairings and definitely were not disappointed. Each course was beautifully presented, and full of wonderful flavors. We'll be back.I went to this fantastic place in Portland, OR, like a dream: all fresh and local, all yummy and ornate without being overworked.
I hit this place with my parents pre-NLCS championship game 5, and so we were on a schedule. We indulged in the fresh, warm bread and perfect restaurant butter -- have you ever noticed how nice restaurants have the best butter, way better than store-bought butter -- and ordered some lovely apps. 
Their pasta was so fresh and their ingredient combinations were very forward-thinking, their meats were juuuuicy and so well seasoned. I'm not the biggest fan of the space -- if it were a jacket, Tim Gunn might call it "boxy" and/or "matronly" -- but  it's a nice addition to a quickly cool-ing neighborhood.After an unfortunate incident on our first visit, the restaurant called us back to make things right. As it was on the first visit, the food was once again excellent in this cozy, South Philly BYO (with Center City prices). The service was very attentive and we thoroughly enjoyed our evening. We will put Fond on our list of favorites.I came here on two different occasions and both times the service was excellent. Tori and Olive was spectacular as a team. 
The foie Gras is so good, you lick the plate clean. The toast that came with the dish is crispy and fresh.
The shot of mushroom soup was superb. This was something comped with the meal. I felt extra special.
The pate was another dish I wanted to lick the plate clean. So good.
The chicken heart on a skewer was good too. I usually don't like trying this stuff at a restaurant but it was tasty.
I had the skirt steak and that was oh boy. Pre-sliced and ready for me to fork into my mouth. So good.
I had a glass of wine and a beer. An extensive selection of alcohol. 
Oh my favorite part... dessert. So I got everything the pastry chef put out, plus it was my friends birthday. Tori and Olive really went above and beyond for this portion of the dinner. We got to sing happy birthday to my friend. Chocolate praline tart and coffee to finish off our meal.
Street parking is metered if you can find one. Also valet across the street if you need one. Summer time they have outdoor seating. The space is small, cozy, bright and inviting. A romantic dinner spot.I tried the five courses menu on 07/26/2017. And most of the dishes are disasters. Save your money and go to Serpico or Abe fisher.
Watermelon Mouse: It is so wired to have a watermelon mouse taste like salty spicy soup. Maybe this was a very personal feeling.
Sashimi: The texture was not so good. And the sashimi itself was very tasteless. The pickled cantaloupe is too sour which covered the taste of sweetness and the fish. It makes me feel that I am drinking rice vinegar...The sesame oil was too much. After finishing this dish, the taste stay in your mouth was the combination of sesame oil and vinegar.
Chicken liver mouse: the only dish that tastes ok...
seared scallops: too salty and fishy...
Pork belly: too oily. Both my boyfriend and I feel uncomfortable after we had a few bites of the pork belly.
Desserts were ok.My girlfriend and I went here for her birthday. It is a little bit outside of our normal stomping grounds, but we were pleasantly surprised. Parking was pretty painful, though I live outside the city, so its borderline a requirement to drive in unless you want to get a hotel room (regional rail hours are kind of weak).
The food was pretty eclectic, but very tasty. They had a mushroom soup that was a tasting option in the beginning that was awesome - we asked for a bit more and they accommodated. The chicken liver pate, though not my cup of tea, was awesome and the overall meal and whatnot was very good.It's rare that you come across a place that is nearly perfect across the board, but this super cute 36-seat New American restaurant on East Passyunk is just that.  Fond is the kind of place you can go for a first date, second date, special occasion, or just dinner with friends.  Far from the hustle and bustle of Center City, Fond excels with its warm intimate space, on point service, and incredible food.
We started with a spicy watermelon soup amuse bouche and warm olive and sourdough bread with salted butter.  For the first course, I had the sweetbreads with cantaloupe, bacon, and pea shoots; he had the pan seared foie gras with white miso and peaches.  My sweetbreads were cooked perfectly, and I also enjoyed the sweet and salty contrast of the cantaloupe with the bacon and pea shoots.  His foie gras though was unlike nothing I've ever tasted.  It melted in my mouth, and the savory flavor was perfectly complemented by the mellow white miso and slightly sweet peaches.
For the main course, I had the grilled octopus over paella rice, chorizo, and mussels; he had the Arctic Char over Israeli cous cous.  I was a little disappointed when my dish appeared to be a high class version of seafood paella, but all that went away when I tasted it.  It was creamy, savory, and had lots of big chunks of seafood and sausage.  It definitely brought me back to eating paella from the markets of Madrid from earlier in the year.  His arctic char was one of the best pieces of fish I've ever tasted.  And as for dessert? Forget about it.  My malted milk ice cream with peanut brittle, chocolate crumble, and peanut ganache was the perfect ending to my meal.  His cheesecake with Meyer Lemon cannoli was light, fluffy, and not too sweet.
Our server was extremely knowledgeable and the pacing of the meal was perfect: not too rushed and not too slow.  On the whole, I really couldn't find much at fault here (except that the Grilled Octopus should really be called Seafood Paella).  I definitely recommend this place for those who are looking for something outside Center City and want a memorable dining experience where the emphasis is on the food and having a special moment with your special someone.
And since this is Philly, don't forget that Fond is BYO.  They do, however, take credit cards.My Girlfriend and I went here on a Wednesday to celebrate our 2 year anniversary and it was AWESOME!  I've been wanting to try it for years and it lived up to its reputation.   They have a full bar but still allow byo with no corking fee Tuesday through Thursday... they offered us complimentary champagne and an amazing mushroom soup amuse bouchée... we ordered a few apps and two entrees, everything was delicious and fairly priced.  Interesting yet simple menu with perfect execution.  They comped our shared desert as well, and wrote happy anniversary on the plate in chocolate sauce.... Great food, Great service, I'll definitely be back and I will definitely recommend to friends!Went here with my boyfriend.
We got:
amuse bouche: watermelon-jalepeno soup in a shot glass
appetizers:
-hamachi ceviche with toasted coconut, mango and some kind of sprouts. amazing and garlicky.
-foie gras: also awesome, served on mascarpone
entrees:
-duck confit: crispy skin, served on top of a white sweet potato puree with a really good little artichoke on the side
-pork belly: i didn't like this as much, but it was my bf's order and he liked it. i prefer a crispier pork belly. on top of congee though, which was a good choice.
-dessert:
hazelnut cake on top of chocolate sauce, with a dollop of a++ cream and raspberry sorbet
free stuff:
-rosewater meringues
-champagne (!!)
our fellow diners were a little awkward: there was a sobbing toddler to our left and a quietly fighting couple to our right.
waitstaff was excellent as ever. they were a little hectic bc it was a busy night. hostess looked askance at my dress (?) and the waiter didn't know the name of the champagne, but our courses were well-timed and they even divided the appetizers on separate plates for us so we could share them easily. love.Wow! What an incredible dinner. Went here for East Passayunk Restaurant week with my boyfriend. Our prix fixe menu included 3 courses for $35 dollars each. I give that menu five stars, I can't imagine how amazing their regular a la carte menu is! 
They treated us to great service even though we weren't ordering off the a la carte menu. We had at least three different people checking in on us throughout the night (not in an annoying way) making sure everything was going well. 
I have celiac disease and called ahead to ask if the menu can be accommodated for gluten free dining. They were more than welcoming and even offered me alternatives, like swapping out sauces for my second course. 
The waitress and the entire staff were knowledgeable about my restrictions. A majority of the menu was already gluten free. I felt really comfortable! 
Here's what I ate:
-First course: Arugula salad with raisins and chickpeas 
-Second course: Beef short ribs with herb roasted potatoes, melted onions, spinach, and lobster sauce (the lobster sauce was a modification of the Bordelaise sauce) 
-Third course: Pineapple creme brûlée (without the shortbread) 
I'd love to return!To start off, the only negative is the tiny space. You have to maneuver around other tables in order to get to your seat; the restroom.
The food is the best I have ever had. There were four of us.
 For appetizers: Arctic Char, Veal Sweetbreads, Foie Gras,  Octopus Salad. Everything was amazing, but let me say I am completely against Foie Gras because of the technique used to acquire it, but the flavor made me not care at all about the geese.
For main course, I had the Skate Wing, which was decadent, and a rather large portion. My companions had the special Lobster, and the Pork Belly. I can't complain at all about any of the choices.
The desserts were delicious as well,  try to squeeze in room to try one.
I gave this place 4 stars until the end of my review, but only because the space is tiny. Let me live here. Please. I'll work for free.My favorite restaurant in the city of Philadelphia. AMAZING food and strong drinks!great food and great service.
Seared foie gras was amazing.  I thought it was better than Bibou's.  I didn't understand the spiced cream cheese pairing.  Foie gras is already so rich and it was way overspiced.
Pork belly was amazing too.  It was relatively lean and the skin was crispy!  Wasn't a big fan of the potatoes though.
great meal overall, will definitely return and will probably try the tasting menuI have been looking forward to visiting this restaurant for a while due to all the great reviews and was excited to hear that there was going to be a Restaurant Week for East Passyunk. However, lots of confusion since I THOUGHT it was Restaurant Week and that the restaurant was only BYOB. It turns out that Restaurant Week didn't apply on Friday and that there was a $10 corking fee for the bottle. I think that's what happened at least. I'm still confused as to what happened. Anyway, there was a wine list, beer and specialty cocktails. 
It might be better to visit during the warmer seasons since the draft is severe when the door is opened and for some reason, it isn't easy for people to open and close the door (they often didn't close it very well). The seating is pretty tight but not uncomfortably so. The service was good and friendly but the server had a hard time going over the specials. It might be because I was expressing delight and surprise over what I was hearing. Not a big deal. Service also tended to be on the awkward side which is understandable due to the tight spaces they had to move around. I was a little scared the soup would be spilled on me. Also, there were way too many glasses on the table that weren't cleared away until close to the end of the dinner. 
The food was delicious save for fruit (I think grapefruit) on top of the spinach that really needlessly overpowered it but otherwise my swordfish was good. The seared foie gras was decent. They have a really delicious mushroom soup. I had high expectations for this restaurant but I hope my next visit is a little different. Maybe we will end up with an earlier reservation and therefore a better experience.East Passyunk Avenue has a lot of great restaurants, but we keep returning to Fond because of their exceptional service and incredible food.  The roasted mushroom soup amuse, escargot appetizer and the skate wing and pork belly entrees are some of our favorites.  The desserts are great too.Ate at Fond for the first time last night.  The food was excellent. Squash ravioli and roasted asparagus with homemade croutons for appetizers.  I had the pork chop special--chop on a bed of corn with brown butter and greens--which was tender and delicious. Dessert was a chocolate brownie with cream and cinnamon walnuts. 
Nice atmosphere.  Service was great.  Look forward to returning soon. FYI...they accept MC and Visa, but not Amex.Visited Fond again recently at their new location and I'm happy to report they are as on top of their game as ever! Wonderful service without being intrusive and the food is in a class all it's own! No sad, long faces here- only happy, happy!!American fusion with delicious results. Sat at bar and skate wing special. Flavor was subtle and nicely balanced.Great food. Great service. Great date spot. If you go all out, it can get a little pricey...however, you are eating escargot and foie gras, so what do you expect?  Also, you can sling back a bottle of wine without worrying about the price tag (hence my love of BYOs). The only reason for 4 stars v. 5 stars was the decor--it felt a little cheap for how amazing the food was.
I will definitely visit again soon.Food and service was great.  I love a good BYO as well.  We had Pork Belly which was seared crispy on the cracklin' side and almost tender enough to be pulled with a fork on the top side.  We also had the Monk fish, cooked perfectly, served over a garlic cauliflower puree.  The portions were on the small side, but that's to be expected at place of this caliber.  This forced me eat slower so i could enjoy it better which is fine by me.  We were also treated with a complimentary taste of a mushroom soup served in a tall 2 oz shot glass, a nice surprise.  The only down side is the offering of bread with dinner was served one slice at a time from a roaming bread basket which i found peculiar.
FOND was a recommendation from a friend who said he's never been disappointed by an entree there.  I imagine the menu changes quite often and I'm looking forward to trying something new every time i go.  FOND will surely be in my restaurant rotation this winter.Cannot be missed!!  Fond combines flavors like no one else in Philadelphia.  We started the meal with an amuse-bouche with lemon mascarpone. Delicious.  The meal was fabulous from start to finish - everything was perfect.  I'm going back on Saturday!I was eager to go with some friends to Fond, and our high expectations were not disappointed.  With a concise, well-executed menu that is very reasonably priced, the BYOB newcomer is able to satisfy all tastes with a great variety of dishes.  Memorable appetizers included a very fresh tuna crudo, gossamer butternut squash ravioli that were a perfect nod to the early fall season, an intensely flavorful heritage beet salad, and my favorite, crisply fried yet tender sweet bread morsels.  A great start.  The main plates, so often not keeping pace with the more interesting appetizers, where just as good here.  A special of juicy pork chop, a textbook rendition of pork belly, its crackling top covering unctuously rich meat and pork fat.  A treat!  The diver scallops were equally delicious, rich and sweet.  Because of the advanced laurels for the pastry chef, I expected more complex and interesting desserts (I am not apt to order brownies at a restaurant). Nothing wrong with the passion fruit and chocolate crepes, a sort of Palatschinken, the chocolate and tender thin pancakes nicely balanced by the tartness of the passion fruit.  The apple tart, with its surfeit of dough and nuts, would have been better in my opinion with more apple and less crust.
Service is professional, informed, and very nice.  I will be back as soon as possible to this great addition to the Philadelphia BYOB dining scene.Fond
1537 South 11th Street Philadelphia, PA 19147 | 215.551.5000
Tuesday through Saturday 5:30PM until 10PM
Per their website, "A contemporary American restaurant. Focusing on passionately prepared, refined and flavorful fare with warm and welcoming service."
Located in South Philly on the corner of S 11th St and Tasker, this Passyunk Square restaurant offers views of the South Philly Singing Fountain and bustling Passyunk Square nightlife.  We had the good fortune to sit down for dinner around 630pm on a Friday night just before the dinner rush started.  Parking tends to be a bear in this neighborhood so give yourself a good 10-15 minutes extra time to find available street parking. $8 Valet parking available Friday and Saturday nights 5pm through midnight per Fond's Website.
The restaurant adds a nice al fresco dining area decorated with potted plants and an awning in case of inclement weather. A few diners were enjoying some after work drinks when we arrived in the well kept al fresco dining section.
We sat down and received some window seats next to the door.  The place-mats, menus and china were adequate, nothing special, but had a clean, modern, contemporary look. The menus were mounted on cork-board which I thought was an unusual, nice touch.  One minor caveat is that being next to the door in 80+ degree weather with all glass windows around you makes for a somewhat moggy dining experience. I did not perspire through my shirt--the mark of a truly hot environment, but I could feel my face beginning to glisten throughout the meal. Either the air conditioning was not up to the task or the constant opening/closing of the door made for a typical "tropical greenhouse" experience while dining.
Lovely cork-board menus.  This was certainly very original and an idea I have not seen implemented at other restaurants. Delightful. After perusing the short-ish menu, which by the way I deeply admire, I hate wading through several pages trying to decide, we decided on the chef's tasting menu of 7 courses for $67 a person. An optional wine pairing was available for $30 more per person but we chose not to add that.
My drink of the evening was: Lemon Sprig $12 absolut vodka, limoncello, thyme. It was served up, and personally I like my drinks a bit sweeter, so it was a little on the boozy side for me.  Would have liked a sweeter limoncello in there, but that is personal opinion.  A perfectly adequate and tasty drink, just a caveat, it is made quite strong.
Dinner began with a lovely spicy watermelon soup amuse bouche. Very tasty and completely delicious.  Had a bit of a kick too, but in this case I enjoyed the sweet and spicy combination.  It was served chilled.
The culinary pilgrimage began with a lovely Rock Shrimp Ceviche cucumber, long hots, avocado puree, gazpacho.
Chicken Liver Mousse pickled red onions, grilled sourdough $12. Finally, we get to a restaurant were the mousse is served at the correct temperature.  Just cold enough so it can be sliced with a butter knife and spread on the sourdough.  I don't know how many places I've been where its been too cold and it would literally clump together on the knife. The sourdough was good and the pickled onions in a vinaigrette of sorts was a welcome edition and accompanied the mousse quite well.
Greek Style Escargot piperade, fennel, feta sauce, garlic toast $14. Piperade is a typical Basque dish prepared with onion, green peppers, and tomatoes sautéd and flavoured with red Espelette pepper.  The feta sauce was sweet and creamy and mixed well with the escargot. My friend did not care for the snails but my gullet certainly did.  I polished off both courses.
Skate Wing corn risotto, pancetta, cilantro, sherry reduction $27. Pancetta is Italian bacon made of pork belly meat that is salt cured and spiced with black pepper. These are the little chunks in the corn risotto.  The skate was well cooked and the sherry reduction accompanied nicely.  Sweet and creamy, this dish was easy to finish.
By my calculation, it was still one more course before the two dessert courses, so when this next course came out I was wondering what had happened.  Our server politely informed us this was a complimentary Grand Marnier sorbet to cleanse the palate before the next course.  So delicious. It was a raspberry sorbet and the hints of Grand Marnier permeated the sorbet.  Fantastic.
Pork Belly fingerling potatoes, melted leeks, hericots verts, pork jus $28. Pork was cooked just right- not too rare and the fingerling potatoes and pork jus mixed well. Haricot vert is indeed French for green beans. Haricot meaning beans and vert meaning green. French green beans are longer and thinner than most.
At this point I was almost stuffed, but given we had a true pastry chef in the back, I decided to go the culinary distance so to speak. I'm glad I did. Vanilla Bean Cream Cheese Cannolis seasonal local fruit and complementary garnish. Absolutely delicious dessert to finish the meal.Take a nice bottle of wine.....we had champagne too....dress casual....deal with the loudness and take in all the different flavorss you will experience....Top notch food,service and very very reasonably priced for the quality of food.  They also sent out extra dessert for us.
I went with a few other people and tried almost everything on the small menu. (only thing I didn't like)  Owner came out because we were one of the last to leave and talked with my table for about ten minutes.  I recommend this place to anyone who likes to taste different flavors...ie Scallops with golden raisins and celery....I went here for restaurant week and it was delicious. The restaurant is small and intimate (the people next to us were less than a foot away), but the service was terrific and the food even better.  All three courses were delicious, even the desert. They had drink specials for restaurant week which was great.  Would definitely recommend and go back.