Ate: Grilled Octopus, Spring greens, Pici
Drank: Scotch cocktail (Rusty Nail), Aperol
Liked: The biali was really good and the pici was unique and pretty well done.
Disliked: We waited 10 minutes for our table even though we had a reservation, was there on time, and there were larger empty tables that were free (these tables were never used while we were there).  Service was spotty and slow (It took so long to get our drink orders that we had to call for our waiter and we just ordered dinner as well)  We waited so long to order dessert that we just decided to skip it.
Chicken: n/a
Would mom like it?:  No, she wouldn't have enjoyed the spotty service.
Would I go back: No.  The food wasn't that amazing and the service was really disappointing.
Recommend: For the prices they are charging, there seems to be many other options in the city with similar food and better service.Re-visited Fork for my birthday, and I have to say that the quality of the food and experience remains top-notch. The cocktails are fantastic, and sampling each dish (and complementary palette cleansers and creative bread offerings) I have to say that there were no disappointments during this meal ... everything was flavorful and expertly executed. The branzino was once again a home run. Coming back here after taking a mini-tour of different restaurant offerings around Philly, it's clear to me that Fork is one of the few places in town that has the total package: excellent food, drinks, service, and ambiance.Service unfortunately was very poor and not worth coming in the future for  an $80-100 meal (with a few drinks).  Do not recommend for the value or the experience.  Server was very slow, was sat 40 min after the reservation and server was more interested in coming by to upsell than serve. Two of the four items I ordered were too salty and ruined the meal.I love this place. It has a cozy, homey vibe and always an interesting menu. My boyfriend and I were excited to find that they serve chicken livers, which are delicious. I also thoroughly enjoyed the butternut squash soup. It's a great spot for dates or business dinners and is perfect for those who want to try something new or for those who simply enjoy American cooking.Had a corporate dinner at the Fork on Tue evening. We had the crudo which was tasty but too small a portion for an appetizer ( hence the one star deduction). This was followed by the NY Strip steak medium well and boy!! was that delicious, served with some sort of a pesto sauce. This was followed by an apple cake dessert. The ambiance is cozy, it is a very old place as all of the restaurants in Philly would be and we were seated in an inner room served by very well dressed and polite staff. All in all a good meal, will definitely come again.It's the next level of High Street on Market which is the shop next door.
Drinks are pretty strong  
I had the chicken which is cooked perfectly and my friend enjoyed her lasagna a lot.
The dessert was just alright tho. 
Service also  very pleasant.We revisited Fork with friends. We heard the exec chef had changed. I saw a big change in the menu as well as I couldn't find things that used be on the menu. I thought perhaps this was a good thing since I wasn't impressed at all the first time we were here.
The meal, however, still lacked creativity and the extra flare. The only exception was the gnocchi, which was one of the best, fluffy, light gnocchis I've had. My roast chicken, the skin wasn't crisp. The pork chop tasted a bit oversalted (tasted like it was brined for a bit too long before cooked). The branzino...they really should remove the bones when they serve it (at other places like butter in NYC or raddicchio cafe, they remove the bones).
So overall, I would say, it's still "Meh" in my book.I lived in Germany for 3 years and Belgium for another 3. I know my cooked cabbage. Fork sent me back instantly to some of the best central European meals I've ever had... even better. I've NEVER had cabbage as good as Fork's.
On top of that, my dinner was a trans-formative event. I've never had a meal that literally changed my mood. And I was in a REALLY bad mood. I had just gotten a BS speeding ticket earlier in the day and had been stuck in traffic for hours. Fortunately my girlfriend had made reservations at Fork. With each bite, the wonderful flavors of the thick, tender pork chop, the sweet cabbage and the tangy mustard apples melted away my bad mood.I have been to Fork a few times before and after chef Eli Kulp came on board and though the building is the same, the restaurant is entirely new. It went from an okay option to one of my destination, special occasion restaurants. 
I am literally salivating remembering the two meals I have had there this winter/spring.  In both visits, the pastas were huge highlights. Chef Kulp is coming from a Michelin starred Italian restaurant in New York, and it shows. We had the pisatchio agnoletti with rabbit ragu. The filling was pureed pistachios and was bright in flavor and color, topped with a delicate braised rabbit sauce. I dream of that pasta. On my next visit I had the seafood pasta with black and which picchi. The textures and flavors of this dish were so complex, plus it was a work of art to behold. The octopus and veal carpaccio appetizers were also fabulous. 
The most extraordinary thing, however, that I ate at Fork was the two-person duck special. Literally, they brought out a whole roast duck for us to see. He was golden and crisp looking. Then they took him back to the kitchen and turned him into 5 different amazing duck dishes, including breast, meatballs (the highlight), and procuitto salad. 
Finally, there are really interesting, not overly sweet, cocktails. 
Seriously, I can't tell you how much Fork has improved in my estimation since getting its new chef. It has, in my opinion, become one of the best restaurants in the city.Fork was really fantastic. I ate at the bar and was still amazed by the attentive service. The only way I can describe the food is that if you truly want an experience where your mouth explodes with flavor, this is the place. The chef pushes him/herself to create a mouthwatering dish and it really surprised me.  Btw I had no preconceived notion of the food, I was going in for Wine Week and got surprised by the food.Excellent restaurant. We have been to Fork a few times and each time we have been really impressed with the food and service.  Short ribs were excellent.  We went to a beer pairing dinner during beer week where the beers were infused with herbs and spices... wow! It was amazing.  This is a great choice for a special occasion or if you want to impress someone.Food was above average,  service was OK but not great!  Tables very close together and the room was very loud.  Hard to hold a conversation without yelling.  They are trying too hard to be both trendy and upscaleI read several travel books that suggested this restaurant before I came to Philadelphia.  Just so happens that they started a pre fixe dinner around town the weekend we were there, and this was one of the choices.  My friend and I each had the pre fixe.  They offered more options than normal for pre fixe.  Everything was delicious, the drinks were outstanding, service was impeccable, ambiance was soothing.  Our waitress was so friendly and funny, wish I could have recruited her.  My only complaint was I had the chicken, and one of the pieces looked raw.  Turns out it's because it's organic and free range.  Still kind of grosses me out though, and I didn't finish it.I love it here! Food is outstanding. The dishes are fun and presently beautifully each time. One time, I got the chef tasting menu with my friend and the chef came to greet us! Very nice touch! 
Fork, you're one of my favorite restaurants.We took a day trip from North Jersey down to Philly and had a fabulous lunch at Fork! The food and service was everything we could ask for. The staff was friendly and knowledgable and kept us right on our schedule.
We did a lot of sharing so we got to taste a few things. We ordered Braised Beef Ravioli, The Prosciutto Panni and the Smoked Salmon Salad Melt (like Tuna salad but with Salmon).
Each of us loved them all but had a different favorite.The food is awesome.  I even tried he fried chicken livers and they were amazing.
Good creative, sustainable flair to the menu and a great experience eating at he bar (which is rare).
My final words: GO TO FORK!  You can thank me later.When I saw that this place only had 3+ stars, I was shocked.  When I read some of the reviews, they talked about waiting for tables, and now that you mention it, I had to wait too!  To be honest, I had forgotten, because the food was just so tasty.  We had a tasting menu and it was fantastic.Wow. What a great experience! How have they been here for 10 years and I never been until last week? 
Service was exceptional, food hasn't missed a beat since the new Chef arrived in the past 6 months. We we're going to take Craig LaBan's advice and go with the whole duck prepared a bunch of different ways, but there were to many other appealing dishes on the menu, so we decided to do the duck on another visit. I've been reading all the accolades that owner/manager Ellen Yin continually has received over the years - and now I can attest they are all spot on. The octopus was heavenly, the pasta middle course was killer, and the 2 fish entrees were perfect.
It's not a cheap meal, even with the cheapest bottle of wine ($38ish), but it was totally worth it. 
Oh, the new interior design is very cool, especially the murals painted by one of the long-time servers. Also, love the big birch tree and cool looking, minimalistic bar. Good stuff!Une soirée du nouvel an inoubliable chez Fork, au coeur de la vieille ville.
Un restaurant à l'excellente réputation qui est totalement méritée.
Tout est impeccable : le décor est raffiné et chaleureux, les tables sont suffisamment éloignées les unes des autres pour passer une soirée romantique, le service est très attentionné (quittez votre table 5 minutes et vous retrouverez votre serviette parfaitement pliée sur la table).
Les petites attentions sont partout : amuses bouches entre chaque plat, pain fait maison à tomber, et pour le 31/12, une coupe de champagne à minuit.
Les plats sont incroyables, alliant des saveurs assez improbables pour un résultat surprenant et délicieux. Et c'est ça qui fait que Fork se démarque d'un très bon restaurant : ils prennent des risques. Leur menu est très original et c'est un succès.
Quant aux portions, rien à redire, c'est parfait. Et si il y en a trop à votre goût, ils proposent des doggybag (ce qui est assez surprenant pour un restaurant de ce standing)Every single item ordered was outstanding and fresh. Service was good too. Cheesecake was an unbelievable finale.I am somewhat apathetic towards Fork. It's pretty chic, the waiters are great, but the food is juuuuuust a tad outside. We started off with the grilled octopus and oysters. The octopus was not impressive and not nearly as good as the octopus at Radicchio or even Tamarind. I really liked the oysters but then was back at a disappointing state after the branzino was brought out. The branzino was too burnt and didn't taste fresh. Overall a fairly disappointing experience.I am never really disappointed coming into Fork, though maybe i should start revising my rating patterns.  Fours should probably represent Fork, never disappointing, but rarely perfection.  Maybe.  
Last night i got to try this months menu, and had the rollenos (a vegetarian dish spicy and mexican inspired).  My mother had the duck (but was confused by the lentils).  I didn't like the smoky flavor the snap peas had to them, and wondered if that was from the lentils.  But the rollenos was spectacular.  Full of veggies and orzo, some cheese and covered by half a red pepper.  It isn't too often that someone knows how to make a good tasting vegetarian dish in a restaurant that serves to many carnivores....
Mini desserts were a little lime tartlette (not that great) and lemon-jacara (sp) sorbet (yummmmm).  
It's nice to have a restaurant with an imagination in Philly.  Most of the Steven Starr set seem spiritless as porridge with their fixed menus and sometimes bland choices, but Fork is ever trying something new with really good chefs at their helm.I was really excited to come here for my birthday but unfortunately the food was not up to the hype. The presentation was great but the flavors were too strong. The vegetable dish I got was too acidic and the pasta dish was too salty. The atmosphere was very nice and fancy. The waiters did a great job but the food really was a disappointment. I went in July so maybe they had a different chief or something. Sadly, I will not be coming back.Okay, so am I the only one who is totally grossed out that this high end restaurant has servers who wipe off the tables with a wet dish rag between courses? I mean, seriously, I don't care if you are using a fresh cloth every time, the PERCEPTION is that I'm getting a dirty dish rag between my very expensive courses. And, points out the fact that you don't have tablecloths. For a $70 prix fixe menu, I expect a tad more, I'm sorry.I had listened to my roommate rave about Terence Feury for months after seeing him at Cook, so I had pretty high expectations for Fork and it certainly did not disappoint.  
We started out with the house-made charcuterie, which was fantastic.  My favorites were the pate with pistacchios and the bone marrow.  Deliciously flavorful and went perfectly well with the thin, butter crisped crostinis.  We also had the hand-made pappardelle with veal ragu.  I could definitely eat a large bowl of this- the noodles just melted in your mouth with the veal ragu.  For my entree I wanted the soft shell crab which was listed under 'lighter fare,' but not to worry, they were able to make it an entree portion with two soft shell crabs.  This was certainly the highlight of the meal for me.  The crab was served over a sundried tomato and brown butter hollandaise and garlic herb croutons.  The croutons were fantastic and provided a flavorful crunch with each bite.  For dessert we shared the madagascar chocolate cake, the chevre pave, and the spicy raspberry sorbet.  I'm not a huge dessert person, so naturally my favorite was the chevre pave- a not too sweet goats milk cheese served with ciabatta crostini.  The rasperbby sorbet with cayenne pepper was also really good since I like spicy things.  It was a nice heat after a cold, tarte bite of sorbet.
I cannot wait to return for the papperdelle and the soft shell crab.  I also hear that next week they will start having Fists of Feury on tap, which is a collaboration between the Feury brothers and Victory beer- cannot wait to try that one!With so many good restaurants to chose from, many seem to offer similar variations of the same items. At Fork this is not the case. There are several unique and creative choices that bring out a variety of senses and flavors. The service is great and the menu is excellent.One thing I will say about Fork is that it is much quieter than some of the other dining places around. I had an excellent meal here, tucked into a comfortable corner of the restaurant. The service was excellent with the waiter knowing all the details of the menu. All the food was exceedingly fresh and you will find many ingredients that you don't find on other menues. We started with a mushroom flatbread that was excellent. A blue nose bass and parchment wrapped, coconut-miso salmon were cooked perfectly and full of flavor. They also have several sides which are good additions to the meal, including honey roasted sweet potatoes. Dessert was out of control good: pumpkin cheesecake and apple-cranberry cobbler with vanilla gelato. There was nothing left on the dessert plates when we were done. Highly recommended.I ordered a Bloody Mary.  It was tasty... and it was a good portion for the price... but the glass they used was too small at the mouth.  It left me feeling cramped... and in the end I just didn't enjoy the drink.
This was pretty much how my entire experience went at Fork.  The table wasn't large enough for the dishes.  The chair not large enough for my frame.  My back too close to the guy behind me.
But still - the food was great and the service not bad.  The rolls amazing (I recommend the fruit roll if they have it).  I had the huevos rancheros with a side of grits.  The grits had cheese in them and turned me off... but the rest was pretty good.
Anyway - it was ok... but not good enough that I think I'llbe back any time soon.Ehhhh, not quite sure what the hype was about? We sat at the bar and watched our bartender ignore us us for 10 minutes while there was a less than half full restaurant and 2 other guests at the bar. Maybe he was new? The service was mediocre along with the food. We were there for an hour and forty five minutes for just 3 appetizers between three people. Not quite sure why it took so long. The winter salad needed something, it was boring. We also got the liver mousse which was also just okay. We really likes the duck sausage dish which was yummy.  I wouldn't go back.our meal was very good, though i can't say it was mind-blowing. we were seated ~20 minutes later than our reservation, which isn't that bad for 5 people on a friday night, but the table they gave us left one member sticking out into the aisle. 3 people bumped into his chair within a matter of minutes, and someone told the manager to move him. it was nice of them to do this, but i feel in a situation like this...at a restaurant like fork...something above and beyond needs to be done. at similar establishments (for example, zahav) the manager probably would comp an appetizer, and then after the meal, have talked to the table about their meal - not necessarily to apologize, but just make the table feel appreciated. 
this aside, do eat here, as it is one of philly's most beloved.If I was ever on death row, the creme brulee at Fork would probably make my last meal request (mind you, I don't plan on committing any crimes to get me there, so alas I will be paying the big bucks for this one).
This place was definitely a summer splurge.  My friend and I handed over $120 for dinner & dessert at Fork.  My thick, meaty pork chop looked fresh off the pig and was packed full of flavor. Great service and the atmosphere was comfortable despite the price tag.  
The food is delicious but pricey.  I may try "Fork etc.," which is next door, for take-out when I want the good food at a slightly discounted price.Very good. Tasting menu was awesome would love to go back when the menu changes again great overall dinning experienceFabulous dining experience!  No issues getting a table without a reservation on a Wednesday night.  Server was very knowledgeable regarding the ingredients and preparation methods.  Good beer and wine selection.
For dinner, hubby ordered the whole branzino and I had the gnocchi (several items on the Starters menu can be made into an entree portion).  Everything was fresh and well presented.  Dessert was delicious as well.  Don't recall the name but it's the one with peaches and it was ridiculously good!really wasnt impressed with this place. maybe my nyc/sf standards are too high, but when im dining with these prices, i expect professional service and excellent food. while not terrible by any means, this was really an unmemorable dinner.
the kitchen is open, which is a huge plus in my book and we started with the assortment of tapas to start and that was probably the highlight. my duck came with an oversalted sauce and too loose of a polenta, and i tried a bit of some fish and the risotto, both of which were executed fine, but unspectacular.
oh, and mr waiter man, please take the lady's order first! among other things =]Awesome customer service. They went above and beyond like I've never seen at a restaurant. The food was top notch! Amazing quality. Absolutely delicious! Check this place out!!!!This beautiful space is located among the art galleries, antique furniture stores, and bookshops in the Old City Arts district. The New American menu changes on a daily basis. We started with shared orders of steamed mussels with sweet Italian sausage and spinach in a garlicky broth and seared ginger-scented scallops, followed by roasted bass with sauted tomatoes, onions, Kalamata olives, and red peppers and an absolutely fat-free breast of duck with carrot-potato mash and asparagus. The service is as impeccable as the surroundings are elegant.Husband took me here for my first mother's day. Place is a bit cramped, but the food was delicious. Apps and dessert are on the small side (like extremely small). 
We chose the 4 course menu which included and appetizer of our choice, a pasta dish to share, meals of our choice, and desserts. 
For appetizers, I went with the raw oysters and my husband went with the squab. Both amazing! I loved the citrus sauce that came on the oysters. It was so light and refreshing. The squab was cooked perfectly and very moist. The pasta we chose was black & white pici. OMG....best pasta I ever had. I wish they gave larger portions of it. It was so tiny!! This pasta dish was not heavy at all and just so so good. Homemade, light, delicious!!!!! Then they brought out this bread and butter sampler dish. It was ok. There was this dyed squid ink bread, an oat bread, and some other one. (This sampler bread is different from the bread they give to every table...which is extremely hard and felt like I was going to break my teeth from it.) For dinner and desserts, we had to have everything packed bc my baby was screaming his head off, but we ate it at home. Dinner was good and nice portion! I ordered the Strip and he ordered lamb. Both seasoned well and cooked well too. I really wish to have it fresh bc I'm sure it would have been even better. Desserts weren't that great in my opinion. It was simple (something I could have made at home or bought anywhere else. We had the butterscotch pudding and this strawberry tart.
Service was excellent! Water was filled at a timely matter, food was brought out on time, and the check-up was good too. Not too much and not too little.We celebrated a special birthday dinner here with friends and Fork did not disappoint.  The ambiance is cozy and elegant.  Although the four of us were at a smallish table and it felt close to other guests, our experience was such that I immediately forget we weren't the only people in the restaurant.  Ellen, the owner, came by to check on us; she seemed to do that at every table.  The food was delicious; the wait staff very helpful.I tried the polenta w. mushrooms and broccoli rabe for brunch. The polenta was the consistency of runny grits (not what I expected) the veggies were fresh, but sparse. What a disappointment! Worst of all, the flavor was bad. At times I've fallen on an unexpected delight (the teacake), but all in all, Fork is overrated.Definitely a pretty high end Italian restaurant.  A bit on the pricey end, but you get what you pay for.Loved this place!  Nice atmosphere, beautifully decorated and great vibe! The food was good. We came with a large party and the restaurant didn't miss a beat. They had a nice set up for us at the bar as we all arrived. Drinks and appetizers were served. Delicious! Then they moved us to the private dinning room. Very attentive staff.Fork is definitely an Old City staple. I don't understand why this place has 3.5 stars, given its innovative and consistent dishes. 
I went here a few years back and had the tasting menu, and up to now, the arctic char I had has become the standard for all fish that I have ever had. The skin was light and crispy, while the inside was seared perfectly such that it was still soft and moist, though not at all raw. It was also very flavorful, presented in such a way that you would bring out the full taste of the char. The accompanying ingredients served to just further bring out the taste of the char, rather than overpower it. 
Today, however, I decided to come back for their Sunday brunch. We were quite early, and the place was still quite empty. The jazz musicians were still setting up, and most tables were still empty. 
Fork, in my mind, has always been a very vibrant place. At night, almost always full, with the three in the middle lighted up serving to transport you to a different world. The murals of birch trees further reinforce the unique dining experience Fork is about to give. The interior is very typical of a fine dining establishment, with its dim lighting, and its white-cloth table tops. Fork has an open kitchen, which means you can see the chefs as they make your food. WHat's interesting is that given the hullabaloo that goes on in the kitchen, the noise never seems to make it into the main dining hall. 
We decided to get the sweets basket, the cured char, and the toad-in-the-hole. 
The rise of High Street on Market has led many yelp-ers to rave about the pastries and bread at Fork and High Street on Market, so we thought it best to see what everyone has been raving about. The sweets basket was composed of a chocolate croissant, Kouign Amann, and a spiced peach tea cake. I'd probably rank my preference for the three in that order. The chocolate croissant was perfect - it was flaky, tender, and slightly charred on the outside. The chocolate was more subtle, and did not overpower the taste of the bread, which is something that I prefer. The Kouign Amann, which has a similar texture and feel to a croissant, was the right amount of sweet and crunchy, though if you've tasted Dominique Ansel's DKA, I still feel like this would not compare. However, this muffin-like pastry was still quite tasty. The tea cake was a bit on the dry-side, would have liked this to be a bit more moist though it was still quite delectable. I could not taste the spiced peach as much as I would have liked, but I think the texture of the cake was still quite good. It definitely had a melt-in-your-mouth feel to it. Over-all, there is a reason why High Street on Market has become famous for its pastries. 
The cured char definitely ranks as one of the best brunch dishes I have had in my life. This dish is Fork's take on the brunch classic lox and bagels. Instead of the salmon, they use char, which gives it a more subtle salty flavor that's less in your face than salmon. It's also much lighter in texture, which lets it blend seamlessly with the scrambled egg, pickled onions, and creme fraiche that come with the dish. It's very rare that you find scrambled egg that's better than anything you could have made at home. Fork, however, definitely was able to successfully create a scrambled egg that was moist, fluffy, tasty, and creamy all in one. Even the capers were better than normal capers, as Fork takes the extra step to fry them. The onions were also pickled in a different relish, which gave it the sour flavor you'd expect with a salty twist. The english muffin used was also the right amount of sweet, moist, and soft - making it easier to digest than what you'd expect. 
The toad-in-the-hole is basically a slice of grilled anadama bread with a hole in the middle for poached egg, topped with pork and mushroom ragout. Anadama bread is a traditional New England bread made with wheat flour, cornmeal, and molasses, which gives it a sweet flavor than your normal breakfast bread. Though I was very full by this point, the dish had a very tempered flavor to it. Though the mushroom and bacon ragout had a strong salty and earthy flavor to it, the bread did a great job at being able to absorb the flavor of the dish. The poached egg was also cooked perfectly. One thing that Fork definitely excels at is being able to combine different flavors and interesting ingredients to create one harmonious dish - which is perfectly encapsulated in this dish. I would highly recommend this. 
There's a reason Fork is considered one of the best restaurants in Philly. Even if their menu may seem uninspired and traditional, the way they intrepret different brunch classics is absolutely phenomenal. Will definitely be coming back soon.We stopped in late-night to escape the Old City crowd.  It was quiet and beautiful, with a friendly staff.  Our bartender mixed some of the best cocktails we've had (lemongrass lemonade and a calvados sidecar).  He was also incredibly charming; my friend and I both fell in love a little.
We'd already eaten dinner but made a decision to come back for the food, which looked wonderful.  I'll update when we do.Oh boy.  Where do I start?
Lots of things have changed at Fork.  Some for the better - but most are not.
Before I dive in - let me just say - or scream - this:
NOT GOOD FOR KIDS!!!!
Our fussy party of 4 included my not-so-fussy 8 year old - who has dined at many Philadelphia spots.  Before we went I saw "Crispy Chicken Nuggets" on the "Bites" menu - so I knew that was what we would get for her.
BOMB!  Dark meat chicken chunks in very pale (nearly white) tempura batter made the young lady frown almost instantly.
So we asked if the "Spaghetti al chitarra" (Homemade spaghetti with butter, scallions and crab) could be made as just spaghetti with butter?  What a fuss ensued - and after negotiations, yes - they brought her a small plate of home-made spaghetti DROWNED in butter.  And tried to charge $18 for it (which is the normal price when it comes with crabmeat.).
So disappointed.
OK - so "kids meal fiasco" aside - how were the grown-up dishes?
Not bad.  Salads were the stand out - my kale salad was terrific (Matyson's is better - as Fork's is a bit too vinegary in my opinion), and my friends split the "Roots" - a unique preparation of seasonal root veggies.
Appetizer pastas were SMALL and $15 - $16 each.  Yikes.
Our server is a great guy - and I just knew I had seen him before!
But the whole "not sure if we can make pasta with butter" thing just sat with me very poorly.
Even Ellen herself (the owner) cam out to chat with us - and I pretty much told her all of this.  I don't think it will matter one bit in the long run.
4 star food and 2 star (maybe even 1 star) service.
I won't be back. And there is no way I will deign to bring a kid in here.  (They made it very clear she was not welcome.Food (especially the cauliflower "steak"), ambiance, and service are A+. I'm visiting Philly (from New York City) for the weekend and this is by far the best meal that we had in the city. Highly recommend.The menu (Oct 2013) is precious, expensive and few veg options.
There is no "salad" category at all - zero raw foods (like lettuce);
The portions are small - you can leave starving.
This used to be such a good choice but the menu changes are awful.
The dining room is still a pretty room.Delicious, but will cost you a pretty penny! Dinner was ~ $70 for a drink, appetizer and small plate of pasta.
I recommend the carrot appetizer and the chick pea ravioli pasta. So flavorful and different.I took my mom here for Mother's Day and we sat at the bar. The food was excellent and she loved every dish- but best of all was the service. The bartenders were so friendly and attentive - thanks to them for making my mom feel special- We will be back soon!We had dinner here on a monday night. Place is pretty quiet, deco is very nice, service is impeccable. Food is, however, unimpressive. We shared the following so to get an general idea what it is like. 
sweet potato soup with shrimp - pretty bland and there were two tiny little shrimps in there.
softshell crab - it is pretty hard to mess this up but it was just a meh.
scallop with fava bean - scallop is good, they ran out of fava bean so sub with asparagus and that did not go with the scallop, I thought white bean would have been better.
smoke duck breast - best dish of the meal, the smoke was just right and the meat was tender and tasty.
I think the 3 and a half star overall rating is about right for this place.If it wasn't in Old City, the land of cheesy-ness and a collage of loud, drunk college weekend warriors, I'd give it 5 stars. Best on a week night. I haven't been in quite a while, and I did hear a rumor that it has new owners (Iis this true?), but it was my first Phillhy restaurant fave, since I moved here 5 years ago. Food and Service 10. Atmosphere, ehhhh, but the open kitchen and center bar save the day... and night.Tried twice- once for Sunday brunch, once for Friday dinner.  Unimpressed.  Will not go back.  Overpriced and underwhelming.  Left regretful of decision to eat there.This is one of my favorite places to go when I'm feeling on the fancy side. I went here for my past two birthdays and celebrated my graduation here as well. The food is interesting and always delicious. The staff is always friendly, knowledgeable and super attentive. Fork is on the pricey side but it's worth it to save up and enjoy a beautiful dinner here.I had their $65 special, salad, pasta, entree and dessert. I didn't like anything.Our $100 lunch was muy expensivo but amazing.  If you got $ to burn, check this place out.  Chef Eli Kulp just got F&W's best new chef and James Beard Award semi finalist.  Very lovely ambiance, kind of upscale dining so please, no jeans.  Staff are very professional and courteous.  
If you're going for lunch, TRY THEIR CHICKEN NUGGETS!!!!!! Oh man, probably the best fried dark meat I've ever had in my life.  The spicy mustard and agrodulce is out of this world!!!!!  Too bad this item is only on their lunch menu!!!!!!!  Sorry my picture is terrible, I was busy stuffing my face, my phone just couldn't hold still.  
We had the $25 prefix and dessert is not included.  But you get a small cider glazed donut with your check, which makes your belly expand to the point where you wanna take a nice afternoon nap.  The root beer "float" was o-kay, not what I expected but just the name sold me to it.  But beware, it was completely different than what I had imagined.
Their cooking technique and flavors are spot on.  Just lovely!I would give Fork five-stars if it weren't quite so spendy, because the food is stunningly delicious, the service is good and overall experience is always enjoyable.
This could easily be considered one of the best places to eat in Philadelphia.  I've been here for dinner and brunch, both of which were awesome!  They have a rotating menu of seasonal items, which makes for a different dining experience each time.  Most recently I had an iteration of Stripped Bass, which was just yummy.  One of the other guests with me enjoyed the pork chop, which was described as the juiciest piece of pork they'd ever had.
The service was a little off that night, for which we received free dessert and an apology.  There are two words of caution, however; the portions can border on small; and the a la carte can bring that bill up really quickly.  Dinner for three with was well over $250, so be prepared to spend a lot if you plan on having a drink.  
If you're feeling flush and want a nice intimate space, Fork is a great place.  It's not a surprise they've been around so long (at least for a Philadelphia restaurant)!I had not been to Philadelphia for years, and Fork was the first place I hit, half an hour after my luggage came off the plane.
I'm still a fan.  The food is super--I had a thick pork chop, perfectly grilled, crusty on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside, over a kind of bean ragout.  Super nice...my mouth is watering as I recall this dish.  Nice wines by the glass to go with the meal.
Something that Fork does particularly well, though, is to be single-diner friendly.  There is a really nice bar in the center of the restaurant that is first come, first served.  It's a kind of buzzy place in the middle of a classy restaurant so I can drop in, have a glass of wine and a great meal, survey the scene and be entertained by the yuppies, bankers, cougars, posers, etc. and not feel self conscious about being solo.  Very nice for a solo-traveller!
This is the kind of restaurant I wish I had near by--it's the kind of place you'd like to walk to.  It would improve property values nearby as well as quality of life!  But I'm OK with visiting Fork now and then when I get to Philadelphia...I guess I'm missing something seeing all the 5 star reviews? Other friends have dined as well, and they weren't too impressed, either.
I've been here twice. I wasn't too thrilled the first time, so I was hesitant going again.
I've tried the free range chicken, smoked duck breast, and the smoked pork chop. I felt that the meat (in general) was not tender enough so the meat texture was amiss. I felt like in the "smoked" meats, the smoky flavor took away from the characteristic flavors of the meat, so it just seemed like "smoked meat." The sides were interesting, but I didn't really enjoy them either. Everything was just "meh". 
The service was great.Atmosphere is quite nice and the architecture is lovely, although the place is kind of small.
I was in town for business by myself so I ate at the bar.
Service was quite good. Started with one of their signature cocktails which was good although a bit strong for my taste.
They started me off with a little mushroom tea that sounded gross but was actually delicious. It was just a little starter.
They brought some  homemade sourdough bread with a soft butter. It was okay but the crust was overcooked  and since I've had excellent sourdough in San Francisco, I wasn't all that impressed.
It was down hill from there.
The chicken, although moist was seasoned mainly with salt.  No other spices seemed to be there. I was assuming the green chorizo that came with it would be spicy but it was also bland.
The carrots and leeks that were served with it we're very inconsistently cooked.  A few were just right but others were either hard as a brick or charred so badly they were beyond recognition.
Considering at the prices for this place I would not come back nor would I recommend it for anything other than a quick drink.
The potential is there but may just need more time and attention to be realized.Food was very good. We were there on a Wednesday evening and I sampled the Chef's special menu that evening. Indian themed, very unique and delicious. Service was good. I will go back for the food. The only drawback is the noise. I don't expect a stuffy "quiet" restaurant but the restaurant is noisy.got the egg sandwich for take-out breakfast on a weekday morning. delicious. I didn't get to eat it for 3 hours, by which time eggs are almost never delicious, but this was. even the bread was delicious. service nice but slow. I was worried they'd forgotten us.The wine list was great. Unique choices for dinner. The cauliflower soup was bland, but not sure what could be added. My co worker tried the branzino fish and he really enjoyed it, although there were bones in every bite. I had the butternut squash risotto with a side of Brussel sprouts which were both fantastic. I scraped the plate clean. Finished dinner with a decaf cappacino and we left the restaurant satisfied and looking forward to trying other restaurants in the area.Very nice brunch.Thought this was an excellent meal! Service was exemplary! Setting was beautiful! The bread was Devine! Had a pasta to start and had to get extra bread to sop up the sauce! It was incredible! Then had the wahoo which was delicious in a curry sauce! Dessert was heavenly! Really enjoyed the experience!I first tried Fork several years ago, shortly after they opened. It was restaurant week- the chef/owner was walking around asking customers if they were enjoying their experience- but didn't make it to our table. The food was fine and so was the service, but there was nothing spectacular about that visit. Fast forward to Fathers Day '18,  our friends made reservations so we gave it another try. This time around everything was much more enjoyable. We started with a bottle of wine and salads, we all enjoyed our choices from the bucatini with mussels, salmon, chicken, steak down to the nice selection of wines.The atmosphere was great . The place is stunning, the food was great and the drinks was great but the service was less welcome . I don't think I will go back . They made feel uncomfortable.We found ourselves at fork after our reservation was cancelled at Vernick due to a burst pipe.  Fork was on our top 10 lists of restaurants to try so we were excited to find a reservation on such short notice.  We went for our anniversary.  They gave us a complimentary round of sparking rose which was really nice and very thoughtful.  We ordered the tasting menu (4 courses).  It was one of the best food experiences I have had in the city.  Our waiter was really knowledgable about every wine on the menu and how it paired with the food.  The food was excellent and worth every penny we spent.  It's been about a month since we were there but the two dishes that stick out to me are the squid ink rigatoni and the swordfish with curry.  I'm a big fan of curry in a dish and it was really well done and not over powering as sometimes curry can be.  One thing that sticks in my mind is how all of the wait staff had a smile on their face - like they were all happy to be there.  It's evident to me now, how much a smile can make an experience.  The food was top notch and the service was the best I've encountered.  Still would like to try Vernick but Fork has really sent the bar pretty high.  Thanks again to the wait staff for making our anniversary experience very memorable - and enjoyable.Went the other night, so happy we did.  I have not been there in a couple of years and now I've decided that will be too long in between visits.  The food took over most every other sense I could have.  Our service was pretty weak and our table was not choice, but I made my reservation late so the table was expected, the service was not.  I did not even care, every aspect of the dishes we ate were perfect  and balanced to me.  Soup was  butternut squashbut instead of going the common place way most chefs do by making it with pumpkin pie type spices or creme fraihce in an attempt to lighten it or something, I enjoyed the great combination of a grilled shrimp-slightly charred and placed in the perfectly seasoned soup.  Warm and homey without making me feel as if that is all I should of ordered.  Wild mushroom en croute was great and had a small pickled mushroon salad on the plate, very tasty. I had the smoked duck which was prefectly smoked ever so  lightly, not to disrupt the harmony of the meat and fat. of the breast.  There were roasted figs as well, excellent  The scallops were again, cooked perfectly and in a delicious broth and of course it went perfectly with the scallops.  The coconut/pomegranate sorbet had great balance-sweetness of cocunut and tartness of the pomegranate with excellent texture.  The apple tart-most pedestrian, I know-had a delicious vanilla ice cream scoop, I with it had 7 scoops, was cooked to perfection and the balance of ice cream to apples to crust as excellent.
Please know the entire experience for me was amazing because of the food, nothing else mattered but that and the girl I was with.overated.  way expensive. snotty waitstaff. food not that greatFood was fantastic.  Ate at the bar and the Bartender made sure we were treated like a table guest. Highly recommend this placeMy Gold Standard for a modern American menu is Ad Hoc. You don't need to have traveled across the country to Yountville to understand what I mean: a world-class consistently flawlessly executed menu, solid service, and a reasonable price.
When I first happened upon Fork about a year ago, it effortlessly met that standard; setting one of its own with a Lamb Three Ways entree that could single-handedly justify a return trip to Philly.
Tonight it fell short, however, with a slightly overcooked, slightly uninspired Lobster Tail that also happened to cost an additional $15 over the already overpriced $75 four-course menu. The Cauliflower Cheddar Soup and Lemon Meringue dessert were the highlights of the evening, with the Chickpea Ravioli featuring undercooked garbanzos and the red wine a corked funk.
It's palpable that the folks at Fork are working hard to keep up with its increased traffic--a full house on a Monday night--in light of this #2 Best in Philly title it's been bestowed, and doing an excellent job with an attentive service staff. However, I'm unlikely to return until such a time when this wave of reputation is no longer what's bringing people in, and they're once again having to keep their doors open the old-fashioned way: taking care to serve world-class entrees at reasonable prices.my wife and granddaughter had dinner at fork on thursday night 3/13/2014. we thought it was wonderful and enjoyed it very much. andrew was our wait person and could not have been better.
we had--
SMOKED TROUT CAVIAR 14
dilled cucumbers, bagel chips
 problems eating this very good appetizer: caviar too confined in this little container, caviar spilled onto the board, gave up on the little spoon. bagel chips too thin, exploding delicious caviar all over the board. delicious cucumber tightly bound into one lump, had to use fingers to separate. suggestion: open this one up and put it on a plate. this is too good to make it difficult to eat.
CRAB-APPLE SOUP 16
pink lady apples, peekytoe, bay leaf. excellent. my granddaughter sopped the bowl with bread.
THE ROOTS 16
caramelized celery root, hazelnuts, quince, sunchoke truffle. excellent
BRANZINO "EN CROUTE" 28
clams, artichokes, crispy rice cakes, spiced tamarind broth. more than excellent. this may be the best fish plate i ever had.
AMISH CHICKEN 28
dirty rice, herb salad. excellent
FENNEL PAPPARDELLE 16
country time pork arista, pollen. excellent
Pinte, Papillin Arbois, Jura, Chardonnay, 2010, France ~ 65. 
i missed the johnson family chardonnay. more california please.
a continuing excellent restaurant. FORK MAY BE THE BEST RESTAURANT IN PHILADELPHIA.The best place I've eaten in Philly. Duck was beyond stellar. Potato gnocchi was totally on point. The collapsed lasagna was probably the most creative and tasty dish I've ever sampled.Food was mostly awesome except maybe one dish that was overly salty, would def recommend to others!Made reservations for a rainy Saturday night at Fork for my boyfriend and I. Restaurant was pretty full, dim lighting, very romantic vibe. 
We had the house tasting menu, which comes with a starter, pasta, entree + dessert. We got the oysters + sweetbreads (very juicy and flavorful!), gnocchi and bucatini, bouillabaisse (to die for!) and lamb, and the pain perdu + panna cotta. Everything was absolutely wonderful, including the wine we ordered. 
Service was super attentive and polite. We were the last couple in the restaurant and did not feel rushed at any point to leave. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a nice quiet time with some amazing food.This place is awesome. Definitely deserves to be among the best restaurants in Philly.  We did the tasting menu and it was a great experience.  The lasagna was one of the best things I've had.  I was moaning like a medieval whore with each bite and my girlfriend had to tell me to stop  The duck, octopus, and soup were all fantastic as well.  The service was incredible as well.Good times at fork. 
Apps were awesome, mains were a little heavy handed but would focus on the fried chicken liver...  Good wait staff; pleasant atmosphere (a little older generation but I like a little quiet while i stuff my face)Not good, but not bad - okay is the best word to describe this place, but damn it's expensive here. Had the crab salad, octopus, and gnocchi. Nothing special - all of it was pretty average, except the gnocchi, which was gross. All in all, not worth the priciness - there are definitely better options in Philly both taste and cost wise.The chocolate lavender creme brulee was excellent but my burger tasted like I was licking a grill and i had to send it back.i've been to fork for lunch and dinner.  if you like hummus, get theirs.  the pitas alone are amazing.  best scallops and mash taters i've ever had.  friendly staff and a soothing atmosphere.I had a couples night out with good friends and based on recommendations, we decided to try Fork. 
Reservations were easy to get for 6:30 on a Saturday. The location was easy to find and the decor was beautiful. 
We all chose the $75 per person 4 course menu. Each item was well prepared, and the staff took the time to explain each item. 
Portions were on the small side, but taste. Staff was friendly and informative. 
I had the raspberry desert, which I found very tart. Otherwise the monk fish was well prepared. 
While I think this is a really nice place, I will not be running back anytime soon. However, it was nice and I am happy we tried it.Not going to write a long review but Fork dazzled for our 34th anniversary dinner.  Thanks to Open Table they knew it was a special event and complimentary champagne greeted us.  A wonderfully prepared drink for my wife just based on telling the ingredients, let us know we were in good hands.The menu is not deep but Wolf (our wonderful and knowledgeable server) walked us through a wide expanse of Fork's culinary language.  The trout caviar was as good as advertised and the barrata a specialty item we have not seen and superb in taste.  The pica ( a thicker pasta strand) layered into fresh calamari and smaller seafood pieces was also a delight.   A special side of snap peas, cold, fresh and drizzled in oil with a light cream side was an unexpected treat.  A chicken breast, moist and covered in a a nutty barley topping was perfect and my pork loin, pork belly entree was also superb.  Not cheap but the quality of food, service, and atmosphere makes Fork a perfect dining experience.This gem of a restaurant just gets better and better.
It's been over a year since we've had the opportunity to dine here and I was really looking forward to our return. Thought it was incredible the last time but   found that the chef has impossibly managed to raise the bar yet again.
Everything about the dining experience at Fork is stellar. The server is downright enthusiastic  about  explaining the unique menu offerings. This restaurant is so proud of their chef, as well they should be. I also  love being greeted by the owner who stopped by our table to ask how we were   enjoying our evening.
And we enjoyed it immensely. We ordered the 4 course prix fixe  and everything was delicious. Highly recommend the Roots starter and the "chick pea" pasta that we shared. Husband had the smoked char and I ordered the Colorado lamb as our main dishes. Both were delectable. Everything  was so flavorful in a "multilayered"  way ,for lack of a better descriptive term. The lamb may have been the best I've ever had.
The pacing of the meal was perfect. The staff was highly attentive without being intrusive through out the 2 hours we were there.
Kudos to Fork for offering a different menu every time we've visited and for making this one of our top choices for dining in Old City.For all the great press for this restaurant (and the prices) we definitely expected better. The service was fine, and the food and wine were alright, but highly overpriced. The food (we had the duck and the pork entrees) was bland and over salted, and the cuts of pork were much fattier than they should be. Ambiance is great.This place is expensive for the amount of food you get. However, if you're willing to splurge a little, the food is definitely worth trying.  Everything on the menu is a unique flavor combination which I enjoyed. I had the duck confit salad for lunch and the dressing, almonds, cheese, and duck combination was perfect.  The tart dessert with some ginger on the side was also a very interesting combination and very tasty!First and foremost Jake is the man. From the get go he recommended awesome dishes and took professionalism to a whole new level. 
The food? Amazing and I highly recommend the lasagne (best I've ever had) 
I was so impressed with the service and food that I decided to get breakfast at their sister restaurant (next door) in the morning. 
Funny enough...guess who I ran into? Jake. We exchanged friendly hello's (the breakfast was amazing too) and then he headed on his way. 
The kicker, before I got my check...I was surprised with a pastry(compliments of Jake).
I mean top service. Top food. Top people.. made both experiences one I'll never forget.
Job well done and cheersYummy olive bread. The portions run a bit small, but an enjoyable experience overall.From the outside looking in this place looked great, but it just wasnt that great. The salad that I ordered was awesome, so I had pretty high hopes for dinner but throughout the night the only good thing we had was the salad. Service was okay, not great but not terrible and the place was pretty busy so I can understand that. 
The food was where the problem was.There was just nothing special about the food and the prices were pretty high for what we got.
With so many good restaurants in Philly I was pretty bummed that we ate here. 
I would not recommend this restaurant to anybody. It is very average food with high prices.I don't know about waiting for a table. I went by myself at 5:45 PM, the restaurant was filled but I was seated immediately with the simple warning that I didn't have a reservation and my spot was spoken for an hour from that point. Being considerate of the situation I totally understood the warning and quite honestly while dining alone don't want to hang about. The best part of the situation is I meant to go eat at High and Market and accidentally walked into Fork (High Street is 308 Market, Fork is 306). I even wrote an entire review for High and Market (also in my profile) of which I have pasted below and changed the name of the restaurant, everything else is original from the night I ate:
The only regret I have about eating here was my wife wasn't with me. I travel quite a bit and have to eat alone often, in this particular case I am sure my wife would have enjoyed this so very much.
The food is both oddly enjoyable and so very unique. I completely gave up all expectations of standard fare when the Sunflower Risotto turned out to have no rice in it at all, it was literally sunflower seed risotto. Delicious and completely unexpected.
I was eating alone and the chef sent over the crispy (deep fried) broccoli as an on the house treat. I typically would have never ordered it in that I am not a deep fried type person but, it was terrific and I was very impressed by the thought to send it my way - thanks chef.
The atmosphere is great and reminds me of The Purple Pig in Chicago minus the jam packed, loud, clanking (yet so totally charming and enjoyable) atmosphere (Purple Pig fans go to Fork - Fork fans go to The Purple Pig when in Chicago - it is exotic meat heavy but so very creative). Fork could easily be the finest dining establishment thrust forward from 1776 with their look and chefs uniforms. But. The food prep and techniques would have never been found back then.
Fork is a great addition to the Philly food scene and highly recommended for business travelers looking for a quality mealI went here with a party of 4 back in September, and it was decidedly "meh". I chose to give 2 stars because I thought it was an atrociously bad value albeit the food itself is worthy of 3 stars.
Everything on the menu tastes confusing. There was not a single menu item that I had that didn't make me scratch my head. This is not to say that experimental food is bad, but THIS experimental food is not practiced frequently for a reason. 
While it was clear that the food was of good quality and prepared very well, there was always a flavor or a texture that did not compliment and actually took away from the rest of the dish. I was very excited for the scallop crudo with fermented parsley that texturally fell very flat and had a bizarre mouthfeel. The papardelle seemed to clash between light fennel and pollen flavors and heavy pork ragu in a way that resembled orange juice and brushing your teeth more than a prosciutto and melon. While I did not have the "lasagna" myself, two members of my party who did order it were dismayed that when it came out it did not resemble anything close to a lasagna, and they seemed very peeved that the wait staff did not tell them what they could expect before the order came out. I lastly had the branzino "en croute" that was actually tasty, but the "en croute" portion had an undercooked feel that detracted from the nice filet.
Overall, the food itself is very "interesting." If you're very into experimental food I would say it is worthy of 3 stars, but for traditional diners there are many other establishments I'd rather dine in. Additionally it is a bad value.My husband and I went here spontaneously with another couple. We were seated immediately which was wonderful. 
It was slightly off that they don't give you the menus until they leave you sitting a while to review the wine and cocktails and you order something. We were hungry and not really there for cocktails. After a while I stopped someone to ask for a menu. We ordered wine with dinner. We went with the chef's meal for $65 per person. A little steep but it was being strongly recommended as worth it. Meh. 
The highlights were the bread with was actually too much bread (3times bread was brought out) a rustic Italian , a pumpernickel and then another white bread I didn't catch. It's not a basket but a presented plate with interesting butters like birch beer butter with the pumpernickel. Also excellent was the smoked pumpkin tortelloni. I could have curled up and purred. The food presentation on our appetizer and my companion's main course were questionable. The seafood salad looked like a picked over mess. Her  pork dish looked like an unappetizing heap of pink pork meat. She is pregnant so they were gracious and offered her the steak. Another highlight of excellence. Though another thing that was odd was when she voiced concern about the pork, they talked to us about how the creativity and inventive favors aren't for everyone. I was a little offended. We are all very experienced foodies. Bad presentation is bad. The skate was good, the Bronzino en croute was good though a little too heavy on the tarragon. And they brought out a kale salad so we had something to pick on while the late steak was served. It was nice though a little too heavy on the vinegar.
Desserts? Also mixed. The chocolate cake and spicy fig ice cream was good. The apple pie was like potpourri. And the grape thing was like a melted grape Popsicle.
The end thoughts are, I would go again for the pastas and a salad, but no chefs tasting. Way too much food that was also too random in taste and too expensive.  
I miss Noble.La fourchette est parfait à tous points de vue. (Perfect in every way).
Fork was on the docket for lunch this week.  Their menu looked tight and refined; and the lunch prices  were low enough as to not dissuade my lovely lady & myself. We hopped in 'le Jeep' and were happy to find that parking was not a problem.  
We walked in, and were greeted by a young lady who spoke and dressed professionally...no tattoos, inappropriate attire, nose rings, or vacant expression. Rather a "Good afternoon Sir, will you be joining us for lunch?" 
"Why yes. Yes we will indeed. Two please." I managed, in my understated joy.
Lady Mary and I were seated, and took a few moments to study the menu. There seemed to be the potential for a few real standout dishes. We shared the duck terrine to start (yes they have a terrine for lunch), which was first-rate.  It was accompanied by a cranberry jam (maybe a remoulade) which brought a much needed element of sweetness to the appetizer.  To follow we had a home made cavatelli (pronounced Gah-vah-deal), and a pan seared sock-eye salmon respectively. The cavatelli, like the terrine, was definitely very good, but the salmon was the real stand out.  The colour was beautifully intense, and packed a serious punch in the flavour department without being over-seasoned.  Put this on your must try list. 
At this point, I would like to add that our service was impeccable.  Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, and also observed rules of etiquette I thought had gone the way of the Dodo. I couldn't help but notice she served from the left...wow...and changed our silver for each course. I can't tell you how impressed I was. She was happy to discuss the entire menu with us from our first course, to our last; which brings me to dessert...
After our table had been once again meticulously crumbed, we were given dessert menus. To our surprise, they offer a cheese course!  Most restaurants offering a cheese plate use ingredients which overlap somewhere else on the menu; which is to say that a cheese on this menu would be in another sauce or application somewhere else on the menu.  Not so at Fork.  They made a commitment to have a half dozed real, artisan cheeses offered. One can do 3/$13 or 5/$18.  We chose the former, and were once again more than satisfied, with the blue being the standout. 
One final point that I would like to make.  I've noticed many of the reviews on here are products of Restaurant Week, and that very few offer a real & accurate critique of the food.  I want to be clear when I say that Fork is not a 3.5 star establishment.  Their devotion to nouvelle French cuisine should be noted. What Fork is trying to do (culinarily) is very much in focus, and pays homage to other greats like Chapel & Robuchon.  Philadelphia is lucky to have a place who cares to give us a glimpse of this masterful world.  Five Stars, and not farthing less!!I can live here.  The head chef is a female, a little different from the conventional male dominated industry.  
So much attention is put into making the food, positioning the food, and the ambiance.  I love the low dim lighting really set me in the mood for a good bottle of wine and a delicious gourmet deal.
Highly recommended.It's been a year or so since I last ate here, and this was my first time eating breakfast.
The eggs benedict were perfect.  EXACTLY as you would expect and want them, no gourmet twists or surprises.  Perfect execution.
French Toast was crisp on the outside and soft and moist on the inside.  So well flavored and cooked you almost don't want to drizzle the maple syrup on them and ruin the texture.
White Choc. pastry was toasted on the outside and hot and steaming not the inside.  Can't remember which one was their croissant and which was their interpretation of the canoli as they both came out at the same time, but both pastry selections are awesome.
Orange Juice is fresh squeezed in-house and tastes great.
Coffee was brewed to order and a nice mellow blend.
Staff was extremely friendly and attentive, couldn't have asked for a better brunch experience.To be honest my memories of Fork are fuzzy. I came here two years ago after a full day of sightseeing around Philly and actually in the grips of mono....my memories have been compromised. But it says something that I still remember the restaurant. I had the sea scallops and a cocktail. Mom had the chicken liver. Ex had something. We were sitting outside and a bum tried to rob the couple sitting at the next table but gave back the money after a stern warning of calling for the police. Other than that we had a lovely time there. Maybe next time I'll sit indoors though.Nice restaurant, good interior decoration, good menu. I went here for restaurant week and got a taste of what they had to offer. One thing that sticks out is the salmon... very tender and flavorful. But you can't go wrong with anything else on their menu. It's a good place to check out when you're in Old City.Wanted to like Fork more. Loved the look of the room, the design, it had a nice look to it. The host on the front door, seemed a little overwhelmed, flustered, i little short tempered, not the greatest way to be greeted when entering a restaurant, particularly if you about to drop a couple hundred dollars. We were left waiting with open tables in the restaurant for a half hour, until ( (guess) a manager came over and asked us if we were waiting for a table and walked us over to an open table
As for the food, all and all, Fork felt like it was reaching too much, trying a little to hard, with dishes that didn't measure up to the effort. We went for the for the four course menu, which was mixed with a few amuse courses which were mostly breads (based on the Pennsylvania Dutch Tradition we were told), which lack any connection to what we were eating. Our mains were unevenly seasoned, the polenta that came with my girlfriends Lobster was almost sickenly sweet, my lamb was bland and the meat had a texture which suggested it had been reheated. I would have shrugged some of this stuff off had the price point been lower.
Our server was delightful and lovely, and couldn't have been nicer or more attentive.
Ultimately felt just not worth what we paid for.Deeply disappointed - where to start? I don't mind shelling out big bucks when it's worth it. This, however, was not. First, 4 hosts for the place and we still had to wait 30 mins to sit with a reservation. Once we were sat we waited a full 20 mins to be greeted and not one apology! 
Menu had not one appetizer we thought was worth the cost (16 for cheddar and cauliflower soup? - no thanks).  We got steak that was $50 but tasted like the Outback special. And again with desert , sometime there is "too out there" and we love to try new things. Overall, mediocre at best and we won't be coming back.I went to Fork for Sunday brunch with the parents, and I have to say the experience was pretty disappointing. Their menu looks like the typical new America menu, and I didn't really choose anything adventurous, but too many things went wrong. My mom ordered a vanilla latte, and when it arrived, it tasted like it had alcohol in it. Apparently since they didn't have vanilla syrup, the waiter decided to improvise and add vanilla extract. I shudder to think of how much extract he must have used!! He made a new one (plain) and brought it quickly, but it just seemed like a bizarre choice in the first place. He would have done better to just let my mom know that vanilla wasn't available.
The second unfortunate thing was the state of my french toast when it arrived. Cold and wet aren't qualities I look for in french toast, so I had to send it back. To their credit, they brought out a new plate of french toast, properly prepared and warm, very quickly. But it's hard to believe that anyone would have considered that first plate acceptable to serve.
It could be I that I was just there on an off day, and by chance a couple of basic mistakes happened to occur at my table. But since nothing about the restaurant really stood out to me, I can't say that I would go again.
On a side note, Fork Etc. next door looked like a cute little cafe (no alcohol) and the french toast that I had just paid $9.50 for seemed to be offered for $5.50. Could be an interesting option next time.Spectacular food.  Prefect seasoning, flavor, and texture.  A great dining experience.  Had the Ramp Fettuccine for pasta and Branzino "En Croute" for my main.  Both dishes were excellent.  The branzio is one of best fish dishes I've tasted.  The serving size is on the small side, especially at this price point, but I highly recommend this place to celebrate a special day.What is the consummate marriage made in heaven if not the union of creative, perfectly-executed cuisine and unique, exquisitely-baked bread?  Such is the matrimonial magic at Fork, where the handsome, pastel dining room, with a gorgeous arboreal painting on one wall, connects to the duly-heralded bakery of High Street on Market, where I've made many joyful bread purchases over the past months.
5:15pm on a Sunday could hardly be called the prime time dinner hour, yet there we were, sidled up to the bar, two among a teeming mass of eager diners waiting to be called for seating.  Our enthusiasm was well-placed.  At our table, we were simultaneously greeted by a jovial, endearing, and well-informed server and a little gem fresh from the oven: a silver-dollar-sized red onion bialy with hay-infused cream cheese.  Though unusually rich for a first bite, I found it a nice touch that flexed the bakery's prowess and the chef's ingenuity.  
We struggled to prioritize only one of three bountiful salad options that offered kale, beets, or apples as their stars.  With an assist from our server-guide, we wisely ordered by the kale, a lavish arrangement of ingredients that included kale in a light ginger vinaigrette, thin slivers of pear, small pieces of crunchy toasted bread, shaved pecorino, and two small roasted onion "cups" filled with ginger creme fraiche meant to be dislodged and spread throughout the salad.  We savored every bite, interrupted only by the arrival and alternating consumption of a basket of Tuscan sourdough bread, a masterful balance of warm and chewy inside with a crispy, wood-fired crust.
Fork offers a host of dazzling homemade pastas, among which the fennel pappardelle rose to the top.   The pasta itself was thick and supple, robustly green color with earthy notes of fennel that were subtle but distinct.  The roasted pork ragu with a touch of cream and accented with pollen was a masterpiece.  Atop the dish were feathery fennel leaves.  In the dictionary, a photo of this dish appears beside the word "rustic."   Aside the pasta we were presented with a bread board of remarkable variety:  mini-brioche filled with ground beef; dense, hearty Volkenbrot made with juniper berries and accompanied by roasted beet butter; and our favorite, squid-ink "sponge bread" with seaweed butter.  
The main course was a grilled lobster, its sweetness infused with the faint residue of wood-smoke.  The lobster was splayed across a silky pool of polenta, and the dish was bordered by a lively and colorful row of mixed greens, chicories, and thinly-sliced root vegetables.  The last few bites of our breads made for a nice chaser to the rich lobster.
We chose not to ignore dessert, compassionate as we are.  Here we were most lost, with several decadent options nearly jumping from the page.  In the end, we landed on the "smoke and roses," a whimsical blend of honey chocolate mousse and black cardamom and cacao nib caramel, topped with crumbled flour-less chocolate brownie, with rose-hips tea poured over it.   Sensational, memorable, and one-of-a-kind.I went out for dinner at Fork for my birthday this year, and it was a wonderful experience. The food, drink, and service were exceptional. We chose to go with the house menu and selected three courses. The kitchen sent out delicious little tasting surprises throughout the meal. We were really encouraged to take our time to enjoy the food and the atmosphere. I will absolutely be back!So about 3 months ago, my girlfriend and I did the tasting menu at High Street. That was an impressive and wonderful experience. Since then, we've been meaning to try Fork. Well, an opportunity presented itself for a Saturday and we jumped on it. 
I will start off with the positives. First, the staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. Next, the bread program, which I believe is shared with High Street, is fabulous. Also, the Fennel Pappardelle, is heavenly.  
For the not so exciting bits. We were underwhelmed with the rest of the menu. Most of the dishes were good, but not exceptional. The end result, is a very over priced menu, for an ok dinner. This is really closer to a $$$$ restaurant, than a $$$ restaurant (in yelp pricing). For my money, there are many better places to visit in Philly.Eh, only whelming. I love the setting and the atmosphere, don't get me wrong. But the food itself? Hmm, again, nothing really that great in comparison to the fine dining Italian restaurants here in Philly (Sbraga and Vetri are way better). The appetizers and mains were actually fine and it was the dessert that was not good. Crumbly with not that much flavor. Meh. I am willing to bet that my meal was a fluke, or that my tastes for fine dining pasta are really picky, so take my review with a grain of salt.My girlfriend, her parents, and I visited Fork last night.  My girlfriend's parents have been fans of Fork for many years now.  My girlfriend and I have visited both Fork and Fork Etc. in the past.  With the addition of a new head chef at Fork, we were quite excited to visit again!  Ellen Yin (Co-owner), really takes into personal consideration every part of this restaurant and makes the overall experience such a pleasure.  This new head chef is the former Chef de Cuisine of a restaurant in NYC that received a Michelin Star during is tenure.  That should tell you quite a bit about his capability and skills as a chef.
But I digress.  On to the the ambiance and food!
The new decor is very special!  One of the waiters is also an artist.  He painted (in oil paint) the two large murals that now line two walls in the dining room area.  He did a brilliant job.  It really adds to the whole atmosphere of Fork.  The lighting is perfect.  It's soft light, but not to the point where you need a candle or flashlight to read the menu.  The wine list is long and exciting.  The beer list is quite nice, as are the cocktails.
The appetizers are fabulous.   We tried nearly every appetizer on the menu.  The oysters are amazing!  Not too much vinegar.  They really taste delightful.  The scallops were tasty as well.  They are sliced very thin with beets to dress them up.  The octopus has a great taste and texture.  It's not what we were expecting.  My personal favorite is the Vitello Tonnato, which is veal carpaccio, raw tuna, tonnato sauce.  Superb!
For the entrees we chose the "Duck for 2" and the "Beef for 2".  They do not offer this every day and only had 1 of each left.  We jumped at the chance.  Definitely call ahead to see if they are having either of these specials.  I cannot put into writing the pure joy I had when tasting the duck and beef.  Picture a chocolate bar melting in your mouth as it hits your tongue.  This is precisely what the duck and beef mimicked.  We were all entranced by the spectacular texture and flavor.  The light crunch of the duck skin just added to the experience.  If you must try just 1 dish when visiting fork, it absolutely must be the duck or beef.  You will not be disappointed.
The dessert menu is good.  It is not amazing like the rest of the meal, but definitely not a let down in any way.  The eggplant cake is different.  It has some great textures and good tastes.  The lemon & thyme is also delicious.  The mousse on this plate is the best part of the dessert menu.
Overall this was perhaps the best meal of my lifetime to date.  I kid you not.  Having dined in spots all over the world, the feeling was mutual between the 4 of us that this is really the best restaurant experience thus far.  I can't tell you enough how highly I recommend Fork!Had the pasta entree for lunch.  Wow! is about all I can say.  It was super delicious.  All of my dining companions were stuffed and couldn't finish their plates, and so I didn't want to look like the little piggie I am and lick my bowl clean (not literally of course).  However the pasta was that great that I just had to ensure I finished off every ribbon of goodness in there.  And then work it off at the gym for two hours.... oh well; it was worth it!!Went there for my son's birthday. Everything we had was amazing!! The oysters were very fresh. Great attentive service. I'll recommend this restaurant to all my friends.Not sure how this place doesn't have a higher rating. So glad to have happened upon it. Good drinks. The pork croquettes and fluke appetizers were both very tasty. The lamb pasta and pastrami main courses were great. I had the pastrami, which came on cheddar biscuit with gravy and cauliflower. I'm still thinking about that dish. Service was good, attentive but not overly so. Main complaint is price of wine. $45 or so was lowest bottle. That's too much. If I lived in Philly, I would be a regular here. for now, i will look forward to my return.Went to the Fork for the first time on Saturday 9/23 and it was great. Celebrating my daughter's birthday we were given a complimentary toast to start with which was a pleasant surprise. As someone who is well traveled dining out is an experience of excellent service,  food and atmosphere and for me the Fork hit the mark for all three. If I had to say anything negative I would say the server should explain deserts, I chose the polenta and it was not decadent enough for me but the meal was superb.Went with a group of 6 and we waited about 30 minutes for our table to open up.  Staff did everything to make up for it as soon as we sat.  Love the seasonal ingredients in the always evolving menu. Some of the highlights were the shrimp carpaccio, squid ink pasta, chicken and pork entrees.  Just do the tasting, it's a lot of food but the nice touches they bring between make it worth it.  Haven't been here in a while but happy to see this place is still top notch.The food, service, and ambiance of this restaurant are spectacular. The waitstaff are friendly and eager to explain dishes to you. The portions aren't huge but if you do as they suggest and get the chef's tasting, you will be full. I suggest the whipped rabbit (soft, interesting flavors), the venison tartare (incredibly tender and fresh, not gamey at all), the squid ink rigatoni (salty but not heavy), and the pork three ways (pork belly, a cut of spare rib and loin). The drinks too are interesting combinations of much loved ingredients. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a great meal in Philadelphia. It is expensive but lives up the hype.Fork has aged like a fine wine - it is unique in its boundless creativity of flavor and liveliness of presentation, which has been refined to perfection over the years.
We ordered the fixed-price menu (one raw/appetizer, one pasta, one entrée, and one dessert), which at ~$75 is comparable in price to other Philly fine dining establishments. The menu has a definite Asian influence, freshening traditional European flavors. Everything, of course, was delicious - standouts for us included the incredibly rich and tender duck breast served with steel-cut oats cooked in duck fat, the "vitello tonnato" with its lively, artistic arrangement of pea shoots, and grilled sweetbreads (so wonderful to see a sweetbread that is not heavily breaded and fried!).
With the opening of High Street on Market, Fork has taken the bread game to the next level - one of the highlights of the meal was the constant supply of exciting and delicious breads, from black seaweed bread (made to look like a sea sponge!) to decadent beef broth-infused brioche. With the amuse bouches, the copious amount of addictive bread, and the smaller-portioned but flavor-rich dishes, we left quite full.
The service was impeccable - our waiter was friendly and helpful, recommending delicious cocktails to replace our now-defunct favorite (bring back the tea-infused cocktail - it was so good!), and service was prompt. We had a lot of questions about the dessert selection (namely their very abstract descriptions), which our waiter answered with good humor.
The atmosphere was convivial without being too loud, with families, business groups, and couples all seemingly in happy coexistence. (Added plus - a whole hallway of bathrooms instead of the standard two stalls.) All in all, one of the best fine dining experiences to be found in Philadelphia.The food wasn't bad but it was a but pretentious and with an empty restaurant the hostess sat us right next to the kitchen and bathroom... I was expecting to be blown away and I honestly was notI was absolutely impressed with the service at Fork. I had made reservations to have dinner with a job interview candidate. Only a few hours before the meal, I learned that the candidate was a vegan. Looking over the menu online, I realized that this was not a particularly vegan friendly restaurant. I called the restaurant, and they assured me that they could prepare a vegan meal. When we arrived, all adjustments and accommodations had been made. The interviewee really enjoyed her meal and was even able to have some dairy-free dessert. 
I, on the other hand, am a total carnivore, and while they were able to meet the restrictions of the person with whom I was dining, they were also able to provide an excellent meal for me. I had the fig rosemary focaccia to start and the roasted duck for dinner. Both were outstanding. In additional to the last minute accommodation, the service throughout the evening was consistently helpful and polite. Highly recommend Fork.Went there for Restaurant week with a group of 11 and never thought I would be able to talk to everyone at the same time, but we were ushered to a table in a back room that was just us!  There was great service and the food was delicious.  Perfect size portions and plenty of time to eat and talk.  Great place!We came here for dinner to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday last week.  Our reservations were for a Wednesday night and the restaurant was a bit less than half full when we arrived.  The decor was classic and the dining room open with a view into the kitchen.  We started things off by sharing the garlic-oregano crusted paradise shrimp appetizer, (a rather small plate when split between two people).  The 3 shrimp themselves, however, were fairly large and tasted fresh.  The sauce was light and the spinach worked well with this dish.  The second course we ordered was the spicy braised greens, I love greens and these were cooked perfectly - not too tough, not too mushy and wilted, with just the right amount of subtle spiciness. For the main course, we both decided on the roasted free range chicken breast which was to be served with creamy polenta, mustard greens, roasted turnips, and ramp butter.  I was a bit disappointed with this dish as while the chicken was tender and moist, it was waaay salty, almost to the point where I couldn't finish the dish.  I suppose the richness of the sauce didn't help that much either.  I enjoyed the polenta and mustard greens however, but the chicken was just a bit disappointing.  I got a chance to try Fists of Feury- the American Pale Ale collaboration between Victory, Chef Feury at Fork, and his brother- Chef at Nectar.  The beer was interesting, a light ale with a hint of rosemary.  Service was average - nothing special to note here.  Although I probably won't be returning anytime soon due to the fact that the plates are small and expensive, for the most part it was an alright fine dining experience.I've brunched here three times, and always have had a good experience. For example, today we appeared with a group of eleven sans reservations. They were able to squeeze us in with no hassle, and our server managed our large, loud party like a pro. I ordered the Fork cocktail (grapefruit absolute, triple sec, & champagne) and the vegan lentil chili, and both were simply delicious. I can also vouch for the huevos rancheros (which my beau got) and the nova lox, which come w/ giant caper berries! The final bonus is that I've never had to wait to be seated here. Go Fork.4.5 stars for this place.  I dined at Fork over 10 years ago when I was young and just dabbling in the amazing Philadelphia food scene.  It was great then and even better now.  I think the ambiance in this place is fresh, sophisticated and trendy.  Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about this complex and ever-changing menu.  We started with the scallop crudo (amazing) and the fluke tostados (delicious and different, my friend didn't care for them).  We had the kale salad (nothing to write home about but very good) and beet dish (fresh and yummy) for appetizers.  I had a small portion of the gnudi and was satisfyingly full and happy.  Overall a very pleasant experience at a classic Philadelphia joint that has retained its original character but evolved and held their own in this foodie town.  Cheers!I cannot overstate what an amazing meal I had at Fork tonight. Highlights for our table were the branzino, the lobster, and the pici; don't miss any of them. Incredible food, a lovely wine list, attentive and knowledgable staff, and a beautiful atmosphere - this is a meal we will never forget.So an article said that this restaurant is one of the best restaurant in Philadelphia. The article was not lying! From doing an RSVP and follow up calls from the place this place is amazing!
It was a really cold night! A guy greeted us and took our coats (the usual for these type of places), the place was not as packed so they gave us a few choices on where to seat! Our server was great! From greeting us to giving our information about the restaurant, it was a late dinner so we did the House Menu instead of the Chef tasting. Let me tell you, they will give you random surprises such as appetizer that you didn't order, 2 types of bread, something to chew on while waiting.. Everything we ate was perfect! from the octopus to the pici... Definitely coming back again! I'll make sure to reserve the Valentines day 3 weeks in advance! Great customer service, great ambiance, great food! What more could you ask for ?Totally underwhelming and over priced. Table for two. Service was very good. Fork has been on the list of top restaurants in Philly for as long as I can remember. So there was plenty of anticipation and excitement leading up to my first (and last) Fork visit. I shouldn't have been worried that my expectations were too high. The food was good and cooked nicely... But in my opinion the price and hype around Fork are so off. Everything that we ate was just Meh...There are so many other amazing restaurants in Philadelphia in this same vein creating innovative meals and with very high quality elements that don't disappoint and over price (Vernick, A Mano, Audrey Claire) I can't say how disappointed we are that we waisted our time, money and 2nd anniversary on this meal:( Thank God for Franklin Fountain! The ice cream satisfied our taste buds:)) 
Starter- Poached Sablefish (bland) 
Pasta- Spring Onion Fettuccine (very good, didn't blow me away)
Entrees- Grilled Lobster (chewy lobster, nice flavor but the dish was cold and lobster was warm and it felt more like a mistake than innovative)
Duroc Pork (pork belly was excellent, but was underwhelmed by the other cuts) 
...If the prices weren't so high I wouldn't have rated it so low. But if you're are going to have those prices and reputation the food should have blown us away...A great after work restaurant to relax and dine in.  We usually try for the alcove seating so we can people watch as we enjoy our wine and food.  Every time we've come, the wine selections and suggestions have been excellent.  
I find the baby greens salad with the fried ricotta or goat cheese to be quite good.  My favorite appetizer is the roasted mushrooms with phyllo.  For entrees, either the duck breast, bass, salmon or chicken.  I suggest the duck breast or salmon.Went to Fork for a business dinner with party of five. It seemed to be impressive going in. Waiter seemed very informed. Drinkers got their drinks just fine. They really push the house menu, which is a $78 tasting menu, and one person can't get it unless the entire table does, We weren't interested in eating that much food, so we ordered a la carte. The salad and burratta appetizers were okay, the trout roe was amazing, the bread was really amazing. However, dinner "mains" were another story. The deconstructed cheese-heavy lasagna was really great. the chicken was undercooked (yuck), the smoked cod was mushy, underdone and on the cool side, and the $26 cauliflower steak was tasty but not much to write home about (both diners who got this said so and I tasted it). With this price point ($425 for two rounds of drinks, 3 appetizers and one dessert), it should have been much better. I am sad we ate here.The waitstaff are always attentive to patrons needs and very informed which helped us in deciding on the meal. We chose to share a kale salad together to start and for the main course I chose the Colorado lamb while my wife chose the Amish chicken. The dishes were tasteful and beautifully arranged. In between each course the chef would send  out small samples of new tastes that would complement our meal. A very lovely evening was had here.There aren't enough stars to describe how much passion there is in this food. This is art. Exceptional experience!I can't believe this gem of the restaurant has only 3 and a half stars rating. Actually this was the reason we didn't come here sooner then we did. Too bad for us because we've already missed a lot.
We were very impressed with our first visit to this place. Starting with cozy tastefully done ambiance, impeccable and very professional service, outstanding food (all of it) and finishing with a great value for the quality and quantity of food you get for your money (particularly with the house menu) it was above and beyond of what we've expected from this restaurant. We LOVED everything, but most of all their amuses and breads. Never met such a creativity and deliciousness in presentation of bread boards. BRAVO Fork, and THANK YOU!  From now on no visit to Philly will be complete without having a meal here.Very nice place. Not huge so I would recommend getting a reservation. It was pretty packed on a Monday night. 
We went with the house menu, which is 4 courses plus an occasional extra tossed in by the chef.  The star for me was the branzino, picture below.  Cooked perfectly and generous portion.  A couple bones so be cautious, flavor was outstanding.  Winter salad was solid, great blue cheese.  I had the gnocchi was was very tasty and not just s lump of potato.  
Service was super nice, we had Wolf, she was awesome.I'm not very familiar with the Philly restaurant scene (I've lived in DC for 7 years and currently live in NJ)  but I was expecting more. I came here for dinner with a friend and while the staff and service was great, the food not so much. For instance, I ordered a small salad as an appetizer ($18) which looked like it it could have been made at a local diner. For the main, I ordered the sweet potato gnocchi which was fine, but the sauce overpowered the flavor of the gnocchi itself. Also, portion size was not very generous as I expected the main dish to be a little larger than the size of my fist ($26). I typically have a major sweet tooth and was really looking forward to dessert, but by the end, I was so unimpressed with the dishes that I decided to skip it and head on over to a local bakery across the street. Overall, the place was decent but not memorable.For starters everything is fresh and the pastries are literally mouth watering. I love the Bronzino it's crispy and light to taste nobody does it quite like them. The green circle chicken is really good too, but I wish it was paired with a vegetable. The pasta is consistently tasty. You really can't go wrong with any of them. They really could stand to add more appetizers though. It's a real hit or miss depending on whether the menu has changed over or not sometimes. There is no signature dish that you can depend on throughout the year. Desserts are just okay nothing to go crazy over. I'm hoping for an improvement in the appetizers and dessert area. Nevertheless when they nail it, they nail it. I've been coming here for 12 years.There is nothing negative to say about this place! I went with friends and family and everyone was blown away. We each got the Prix Fixe menu, tasted each others' dishes, and there was not a single weak link. We eat out a lot, and this experience put all others to shame. The flavors were so unique and vibrant. The consensus at the table was that the T-Bone steak (which was big enough to tip over Fred Flintstone's car) was the winner. But I was partial to the smoked monkfish and scallop entree. And the venison tartare will haunt my dreams for weeks to come. 
The service couldn't have been friendlier, and the staff couldn't have been more attentive. We decided that if Fork offers gift cards, that will be the way to determine how much we really love someone: "Do they get Fork gift cards for Christmas, or are they just people we kinda sorta like?" Plus it's a beautiful restaurant, so the atmosphere is super inviting. 
With drinks, it can be a little pricey, but it is worth every penny.  This is a dining experience you won't soon forget. Do yourself a favor and book a reservation as far in advance as possible. It seems to be a pretty hot ticket.Phenomenal food, nice atmosphere, attentive service (waiter was very knowledgeable and kind). I am not going to write a novel about how wonderful of a culinary experience my evening at Fork was, but if you have some extra pocket change to spare for a splurge, it's totally worth doing so here.
My friend and I both ordered different items off the house tasting menu (4 courses). This was a treat because we were constantly being served small samples of other impromptu dishes coming out of the kitchen. These little treats included wonderfully flavored "radish leather" that reminded me of southern comfort food, celery soda, veal carpaccio, surprise bread dishes (including squid ink-soaked bread with seaweed butter), and other tiny tastes that built up more and more enthusiasm for the positive momentum of the tasting menu. From the menu items themselves, I loved the scallop crudo, beets, "lasagna" that other people have described, and grilled lobster. I was not as big a fan of the picci (it's a personal preference of mine not to have spicy pasta, but I accommodated my dining partner). However, the star of the evening in my opinion was the branzino.  Wow. Best branzino dish I've had in the city. The top is wonderfully crispy, and the tender fish sits atop a luscious base of greens, surrounded by wonderfully seasoned broccoli, artichokes, rice cakes, and clams. If I could eat that dish every day for the rest of my life, I would not complain, at all.
Dessert was tasty, but to be honest, I was so full I don't think I could appreciate all the flavors because I was already in a partial food coma. Plus, my friend has a smaller appetite than I do, so I ended up eating 1.5 portions of everything, so I literally was overstuffed.
For the house menu + 1 glass of wine, the bill came to about $100 per person.
If you have a reasonable appetite (as in you eat normal portions of food, not super-sized portions), come hungry so that you can enjoy everything!Terrific dinner! I couldn't decide what to order because it all looked so good. To solve this problem our server recommended the house menu which has a little bit of several courses. Every bite was delicious! Great service and terrific food. In spite of the crowd all staff members were pleasant and knowledgable. Thank you for a wonderful and friendly dining experience.The atmosphere of the restaurant is soo pretty! The open kitchen and the decoration of the restaurant gives a comfy, cozy atmosphere. The food was very good too. The food weren't seasoned too strongly but it was perfectly balanced. However the portion size is small for how pricey the food is.
Overall, it was a great experience and would like to revisit again!We met friends here for brunch.  Fork offers an interesting but somewhat limited menu.  Need more options for those of us minimizing the calories. 
The almond-pistachio croissant was great (I tried not to eat it, couldn't help myself!).  My salad was lovely.  Portions are small, prices are steep. The service was excellent.  Appreciate the bottomless cup of excellent and always-hot coffee.  Lovely ambiance.My husband and I wanted to celebrate so we went to Fork which we had been talking about going to for ages, even before we moved to old city. We ordered a bottle of wine and settled into the cosy, kinda bustling seating area in the back half of the restaurant. As an app I had the Warm Brussel Sprout Salad (minus bacon).. which was delicious, and he had the Bacon wrapped scallops (of which there were 2). Entrees: I had the mushroom-squash risotto & he had he rainbow trout. Everything was presented well & tasted great, I definitely fnished everything on my plate.  The place was full- and we were super cosy close to our neighboring tables- but we had called to make a reservation about 2 hours before we went (8pm on a Saturday) & they still had space.  The only thing i didnt quite love was the service, I wouldnt say it was sloooow but it wasnt prompt (couple next to us arrived later & were on the same eating schedule we were).  For the 2 of us, the bill was under $150. We are thinking about taking my inlaws there next time they are in town because the food is great & there's a cosy 4 person table up front by the hostess I have my eye on....Was in Philly visiting a friend and catching the Duchamps at the Philly Museum. Had Sunday brunch at Fork, and it was quite outstanding. The staff was solicitous and warm, and the ambience is conducive to good talk. While the crowd was more blue-haired than hip, the interior look of Fork is more updated and artsy. And the food..... from the butternut squash soup to the smoked pumpkin tortolini to the lightly fried halibut and chips, great care went into the preparation and presentation of each item we sampled. Even the kale salad, which might have been expected to be boring, was brought to life with creme fraiche and sourdough chips. Dessert? Think spicy fig ice cream with Madagascar chocolate cake, which tasted even better than it sounds. A nice wine list rounds out one of the best bruch experiences i've had in a long time.Eating here is like being in a dream. It's almost as if the chef knows exactly what I like. The dishes were made to perfection and the dessert was sublime. One of the best places I've had the pleasure of visiting.This was the most fun, entertaining, enjoyable, and delicious meal that we have had since going to Spring in Paris last summer. We chose the House menu, which I highly recommend for the value. Our pasta course was so unique and delicious that it's worth calling out as an example of the inventive food preparation: it was black and white pici, with each piece half squid ink, with a striped appearance. The unique, mostly bite-sized tastes of bread between each course were "over the top" delicious and unique, with different types of butter that paired in ways I would never have considered.  Bravo to the chefs of Fork for offering such a spectacular labor of love!Here for brunch, limited menu ,the pastry tray was OK but the bread was cold in the middle,the wait for the frittata was 25 minutes the polenta was over salted the flavors were generally OK and the service was good. I would give another star if the prices were abit lower consistent with the food. Higher prices beget higher expectations and Fork just missed the mark
Ambience was goodHad an excellent time for my birthday this past week.  Did the 70 dollar pp menu with my gf, and loved everything.  
The food was seriously delicious and they allowed my gf to have an additional pasta as opposed to the main course.  I also appreciated how in between courses we had an assortment of breads and accoutrements.  The Rhubarb Consomme(very refreshing) and Vitello Tonnato especially stood out for the starters, chickpea postage stamps for pasta and the Tilefish was expertly cooked.  The sweet potato dessert was  our favorite by far, although kudos to the Root beer float that I give 5 stars for originality alone. Service was excellent, great mixed drinks, whole 9 yards- really can't find a fault except for the wine list which was a little lacking and expensive for the variety they had.  
We thought that this placed compared mostly to Sbragas in terms of far out exciting dishes, and easily pulled ahead in all comparisons.  
Nicely done Fork.One of the fanciest dinners of my life with crazy exotic flavors that I didn't really know could/should be combined (and not necessarily in a mind-blowing way). Fennel pasta was tangy and super cool, and my squid ink pasta (pici) was a bit salty, but filled with the "fruits of the sea." I thought the kale salad was fine, and the beets were on point. Desserts were the star of the meal (brown butter tart was fantastic, peanut brittle on the custard was great).Ehh.  Not all that awesome.  For $99.00 including tax and mediocre tip, I got so-so ravioli, decent salmon, and two glasses of wine.  And an uninspired dessert (burnt creme brulee with two blackberries on it).  The service was a little overbearing when it came and was frustratingly missing when it was needed.  She took my check before I left the table, which I always find to be an irritating pressure move.
This place seems a little past its prime.  While it certainly felt inviting when I entered, by the end it just seemed dated, a little past its prime.  I'm sure this was a great place when it opened 14 years ago and the "foodie" movement was novel, but it's not now.  You can do a lot better in this town.I had a really excellent dinner at Fork. The striped bass I ate was absolutely one of the best whole fish I've ever had served to me in a restaurant. It was seasoned to perfection and the whole presentation was right on the money.
My friends seemed to enjoy their meals as well, one of them had salmon (which she REALLY liked), the other had steak (although I can't recall which one). The salmon was excellent, but the steak dish was pretty boring.
Our desserts were pretty good, but not amazing. We had the lavender strawberry shortcake, which was good, but nothing more special than any other strawberry shortcake, and an Earl Grey creme brulee which was very good. Then again, of course it was. It's freaking creme brulee.
The service was pretty solid overall, although we did end up pouring our own wine a couple of times, which I don't honestly give a crap about, but it's worth noting in case you do.
The atmosphere was great. Dark, cozy, romantic. You know the drill.
All in all, I'd go back to Fork again. It's a little pricey, but I've paid more for less.I've been to Fork most recently for restaurant week with friends.  As I was waiting I got one of the featured cocktails made with vodka.  It was pretty bad - really unbalanced, both too sweet and too strong tasting at the same time.  No matter.  The food, the ambiance, and the nice time with my friends made up for this unappetizing opener.  I like Fork's philosophy of using organic and local ingredients, and that they make classic dishes with a twist.  I had a steak entree which was done pretty well, and a good dessert.   Fork is also a BYOB ( they both serve from their own wine list or will uncork and pour your own wine for you), which is a big plus.  A solid spot to have a good, not too pretentious meal in Olde City.Breakfast was good, coffee was fair maybe it was good but they had no Splenda!!!  Service was a tad rude but in nicer restaurants throughout Philadelphia that is common.  WiFi doesn't work no matter how many times they tell you how to log in or give you a passcode.  I guess the experiences was poor but food good.Fork is one of the best restaurants in Philly for a reason.  I went on a Wednesday night looking for a light dinner, and ended up ordering the house menu because everything sounded so delicious. I was not disappointed!
First course- New Jersey Burrata. Beautiful presentation coupled with complex flavors... a total winner. The nasturtium sauce added not only color but flavor, and the flower was a nice touch!
Second course- genzano pappardelle. I don't normally like duck. But the duck confit in this dish made me change my mind. I wish I could have ordered seconds of this dish!
Third course- branzino. Perfectly cooked, seasoning was on point. If you want to order fish as your protein, try this!
Desert-chocolate maple. After the previous three courses, I had no room left for desert. But I found some after taking one bite. SO GOOD.
For two house menus + drinks the total came to about $300. Not an every day meal, but certainly for a special occasion its totally worth it!Went there for New Years and it was the best meal I had in Philadelphia. Turned an over-hyped holiday into a very special night.Absolutely great restaurant from start of meal to end! Super helpful staff and the food is to die for. The ambiance is great for a date or family meal.Came here after my first time 4 years ago. I had heard a lot of things changed but only for the good. I could only get a 9pm reservation even booking a couple of weeks ahead! Our table wasn't ready when we got there which was a bummer on the restaurant's logistical planning but we had a chance to sit at the bar. The drinks are great and the bartender was just fantastic. As for food--the fennel pappardelle was so tasty (spinach pasta). I tried the cauliflower "steak" which was very interesting. The highlight was the dessert which was chocolate sesame--tahini, cinnamon milk jam, cocoa bean. An incredible combination of sweet and savory and the texture was so interesting. Loved it overall, though know that the price is a bit steep for the quantity of food--more so than most restaurants on the same level.If you want an experience AND education on food preparation, this is the place.  Fork and its chef challenge you to rethink any number of ideas about fine dining and delivers!  Knowledgeable staff and great atmosphere, well-realized and presented dishes,  if you are looking for a place that is on the cutting edge of culinary styles, look no further.    This is Fork re-inventing itself again thanks to the vision of the owners and the execution of the entire staff.  Tasting menu is a revelation.  The breads are the best in the city.  I have to put a plug here as well for High Street, the sister restaurant,  right next door.  If you can't get into Fork definitely try High Street (or vice versa!)...either way, you'll be talking about it to your friends!Such a glorious meal that I will never forget. 
We were on a trip from a travel agency, Pack Up and Go. We had no idea we would be visiting Philadelphia but once we arrived we were in for a treat. Pack Up and Go have us the option to enjoy this restaurant our first evening in the city. We had reservations at 6:30. It was quite chilly out so I didn't want to dress too fancy but knew according to Yelp reviews I would need to dress up. 
Coat check when we arrived. The restaurant is mall and quaint with close tables but not cramped. We were given a run down of the menu and almost decided to go with the chefs pick a but decided against that and  hose randomly across the menu. We started with sweet breads. Some are turned off by the thought of this dish but I couldn't wait to try it. This was by far the best appetizer I have ever enjoyed. I couldn't believe how tender and flavorful each bite was. My main dish was a beautiful fish with brocolli puree. Seriously how can brocolli be so delicious as a puree? Thin and bright and bursting with flavor. 
Absolutely one of my favorite meals that I can remember in quite a while. If you're looking for a classy dinner, I highly recommend giving Fork a chance.Been three times now and each time the food is just wonderful. Black and White Pici, Duck, Cod are all excellent. A tasting sensation. May need a deeper wine list.Never again. Made a reservation, got a call to confirm, and still showed up to find no table available. Invited to have a drink at the bar, we did so, expecting to get seated "shortly" and paying way too much for a glass of wine for the privilege. 30 minutes later, still I table. To heck with this; we are outa here, and won't be back.I have dined at Fork over 10 times for dinner, and if you count Fork, etc., easily over 20 times in the past twelve months. Tonight was the first time I was repulsed. The crispy-skin wild striped bass was extremely salty - so salty that I couldn't finish my meal. The fish was perfectly cooked, but I couldn't enjoy the tender white meat because I was overwhelmed with the salt content in the skin and the sauce. The sweet potato soup was underwhelming - interesting with kick of cayenne / pepper, but heavy and unbalanced. The bartender threw in a free dessert, which was also disappointing - the fresh ginger cake was dry with the crème fraîche providing the only "freshness" / moisture in the dish. 
I've had plenty of dishes here, but after tonight's $48 meal (including 20% tip), I'm never going back. Why waste the money on potentially sub-par food?! I come to Fork expecting satisfying, high quality food that is grown locally and prepared with clean, interesting flavors, so I come when I'm not feeling well or want to indulge / treat myself or want to celebrate. I've had the bass dish on three other occasions, and the fish was succulent and flavorful - crispy skin on top, juicy bass with great consistency, and punchy sauce or velvety smooth base to pull it all together, peppered with rich accompaniments. Brussels sprouts (Fork, etc.) and braised greens are my favorite side dishes - but probably not as good as the greens Ali serves up at Kabab Café in Queens, NY. Lamb confit would make a fine choice, but it's a hit or miss with the duck depending on the month.  Oysters are bleh - go to Oyster House or Amada (around the corner from Fork; strawberry escabeche is a really nice touch) or even PBR (shuck-a-buck Tuesdays). Same with the pork chops. Pass on dessert, which upon thought, has never wow-ed me at Fork (had the crème brûlée, chocolate cake, apple frangipane tart, and others I can't recall). 
This is what has finally gotten me unto Yelp. I'm not going to pretend to be a food connoisseur or an eloquent food writer. This is just my opinion. You can brush it off, dismissing my untrained / unrefined palate, but I am passionate about food and spend my money on it like women who "invest" in Louboutins when they can't afford 'em.  
Based on the success of Fork, Ellen Yin is somewhat of a celebrity in this town. And I definitely was a tiny bit star struck when I found her behind the counter at Fork, etc. on a random weeknight. But I am confident that she would have been disgusted with the dish that came out of her kitchen tonight. Everyone wants to hear their food is great, but I guess even one of the best kitchens will churn out a bad dish once in a while, causing their diners to scratch their heads and re-evaluate the food with respect to its cost. Expectations are different and rightfully higher when prices are higher than your average nieghborhood bistro.I was really looking forward to loving Fork.  I left in 'like' with Fork.  I will definitely give it another try at some point, but will not be knocking its door down.  We started with the beets.  Aside from the rich conversation and wine, this was probably the highlight of the meal.  I'm a sucker for beets and they did a nice job.  The micro greens and salad to dressing ratio were exquisite.  I ordered the duck.  It was well flavored, albeit it luke warm in heat.  My dining companion ordered salmon and was not pleased.  Part of a successful dinner is knowing that everyone loves their dish.  I have empathy for someone else not loving their meal.  (unless it's my grandmother: she doesn't like anything.)
All of the food aside, I LOVED the space. Wispy velvet curtains frame the entrance, creating an intimate dining atmosphere.  The high ceilings offset the dramatic decor.  
I will go back for Sunday brunch and reassess.A world-class restaurant like Fork really doesn't need my 5 star review, so I'll keep it brief. We were in the neighborhood on the second night of the Democratic National Convention 2016, and thought we'd call to see if they might have a table available. Sure enough, yes, so we walked right over, and were immediately seated. But then for an ominous 5 minutes, nothing happened. No water, no waiter, nothing. We were able to study the manner in which the table rocked back and forth. Then, suddenly our waiter appeared, apologizing for the delay. He then took such good care of us, it was amazing. And this was on a day that they had opened at 7:30 AM for some DNC private parties (normally they're not open in the AM), so the staff had been going at it for well over 12 hours. They were as professional and pleasant as could be. The stand-out entree for me was the charred cauliflower "steak," but face it, I don't think you can go wrong with anything they serve. Finally, a real test is whether a restaurant can make good coffee, and here they certainly do. Check out the French press coffee selection.We loved everything from the florals to the waitstaff. Manhattanite foodies appeased at a budget friendly rate. Phenomenal drinks and nate the waiter on sundays: a ham. We loved himWhile the mix of Asian decor, Latin music, and Americana food was a bit off-putting at first, once the food hit to table, there was nothing to complain about (except maybe the single bread roll - come on I'm a carb gal!). The arctic char was just fab and I even enjoyed the caramelized onions (I hate onions - they were just cooked THAT good). They even gave us a free glass of wine pairing because they thought the flavors would complement - so nice of the waiter!This was fantastic, simply put. Great vibe, terrific service. Food was eclectic but not pretentious. You have to try this. I had the oysters, squid ink pasta, monkfish & scallops finished with the honey ricotta dessert. All excellent! My wife had the shrimp cheviche which was terrific. Go to Fork folks!Came here on a Friday with two friends. This was my first time at Fork, but i'd say that i'm pretty familiar with most of the nicer restaurants in Philadelphia. Fork blew me away. Comparable only to Vetri, this was one of the most spectacular meals i've ever had in the city. 
Across the board the food was great and each dish was extremely memorable. The Sweetbreads was a top 10 dish ever for me. Even the bread managed to impress.
Not having a reservation, my two friends and I were lucky to get seats at the bar. Our Bartender Josh  was the ultimate tour guide. Crafting the perfect combination of dishes and drinks. Thanks to Josh, we experienced the full breath of the menu. 
I'm looking forward to my next meal.Friendly and attentive staff....smooth, cool decor...clever menu...cavatelli with spinach and mint was amazing.
Good wine and beer list....dining outside on Market street was fun on a warm Saturday night.Wanting to try Fork, for a long time, my BFF, was in charge of making dinner reservations for our girls weekend.   She gave me a few choices, Fork being one of them, and I told her, "whatever you want, dear."  Because a true BFF is like your second spouse.    She was dying to try Fork too, so, Fork it was.   
We went at 8:30 on a Saturday night, and while the ambience is kind of hip, but classy, it definitely isn't a place where you want to go on a first date, unless you either have the retirees reservation, or the late late reservation, because it was definitely loud.   And honestly, thank god, because when we're together,  we make up for the fact that we have kids, and we swear like truckers in prom dresses.   We dress up well, but we definitely are the klassy with a K type after a few mixed drinks.    
One of the best things about Fork is that everything is as local and as fresh as possible.  The menu changes daily, so if you really liked something, too bad.   You're not going to be sticking with your tried and true next time.   If you're a true foodie, this is like your wet dream.   
One of the drawbacks is that we were sat right next to the kitchen.   Again, we're Klassy, so thankfully we could be a little louder and no one was staring at us with disgust, but listen, if I want to see my food being prepared, I'd stay at home.   The whole open kitchen thing doesn't appeal to me.  I trust that if I'm at a reputable restaurant, you're probably not spitting or releasing other bodily fluids into my food, so put up a wall.   Not to Friday's: take the wall down, you're probably spitting in my food.   
We ordered a crusted shrimp appetizer with greens, and it was amazing.   It was lick the plate good.   (We refrained.  Maybe we have a hint of classy in us, afterall).   However, I ordered the smoked duck, and guys, I'm sorry, but it was just, ugh.   It was hammy.   And very tough.   And I LOVE duck with puffy hearts.    Everything else that we ordered though, was fantastic.    My sister's chicken was succulent.   The BFF's veal was like butter.    All of our sides were delectable.   
Dessert was great.   The BFF got a cookie spread and was in love with her amaretti and ganache.   I made the mistake of dipping my salted caramel (A-EFFING-MAZING) into her ganache and I almost got myself killed.    My sister chose the standard creme brulee.   Definitely never a bad choice.   
I definitely want to try Fork out at least one more time.  I wouldn't say it was my favorite, but it was good enough to give a second chance.  The service was great, our server was a bit weird, but she was a good server nonetheless.  
Maybe she was just weird because we're so klassy.  
(Also, it pains me to spell classy incorrectly, as I hate to bastardize words, but honestly, it can't be helped here.   We're just rough around the edges sometimes).Full disclosure:  We dined at Fork during restaurant week.  The place was packed, but we were still seated on time and received excellent service.  The first courses were the stars of the show.  We enjoyed the baby lettuce salad and beets.  Both were stellar.  The wine pairings were matched perfectly to the dishes.  The main course was a bit of a let down.  The vegetarian risotto was somewhere between risotto I make myself (not so great) and risotto at a suburban restaurant (unexpectedly delicious).  I simply expected more for the caliber of the restaurant.  My husband said the short ribs were excellent.  Dessert was also good.  The cheese plate we ordered, not so much.So I had eaten here this past Friday which was my 2nd time.  It is by far some of the best food I've ever eaten other than my mom's cooking.  The corn and fennel risotto was dynamite!  Pretty good wine selection.  I really enjoyed the Cotes du Rhone shiraz,, other than the taste I'm intrigued with Shiraz's history.  If you want to grab a bottle and talk about it I'm game :)I was on my way to National Mechanics for a drink when I passed by Fork. I thought I saw a friend of mine sitting at the bar, so I figured I'd pop in to say hey. Somehow, by the time I entered, my friend had disappeared so I decided to sit and have a quick drink since I was there already.  I take a sip of my drink and there's a tap tap tapping at my shoulder. I turn around, and it's my buddy. Random and cool. 
So we chat, have a few drinks, and decide to have some snacks. We got the prosciutto and the steak. The steak was perfectly cooked, really delicious and the prosciutto was good. To me, it seemed a little thick, but I'm a real pain in the ass about prosciutto so I'm sure it's just that I'm being picky. I'm more of a paper thin and silky kind of girl. 
Anyway, everything was tasty and I'd totally go back (but probably only if someone else was paying for it).Overall we enjoyed our experience, but we went on Valentine's for the prix fixe which seemed a little over priced.  It's a nice looking restaurant with a surprisingly large bar for a small space.  
Beer list was good with a nice selection of local products.  I had a Dogfish Head Raison D'Etre and an especially delicious Nodding Head Grog D'Oer.    
My filet mignon with short rib ragout was a delicious creation and well prepared, but my wife's crispy striped bass had an orange saffron vinaigrette that came off a little bland.  She still said she'd be willing to return to try a different dish.  The gnocchi appetizer was much better than the baby lettuce salad, so in all it seemed like some dishes are pulled off better than others.  I'd still have to say I wouldn't mind coming back despite it being a bit of a mixed bag this time around.  Very torn between 3 and 4 stars for this place given that there is a lot going for it despite one of the main courses being somewhat middling.  Service was attentive and helpful.One of the best meals in philly I've had. Rivals restaurants in NYC.Went here for brunch with my folks on a Sunday.  
About half the party ordered the huevos rancheros, and it was lackluster.  It was a layered presentation, and the bottom layer--black beans--weren't done.  The waitress also forgot 2 drink orders.
However, others in the party ordered other items--pasta, biscuits and gravy, and quiche (served lukewarm) were better.  The panna cotta was excellent.Fork has a great reputation but I have to admit that the pretentious name and outdoor signage (just a picture of a fork, no text) put me off on my approach. I'm so glad it didn't put me off entirely. Dinner was excellent, one of the best I've had. At out table we started with a shrimp appetizer and a date stuffed with chicken liver mousse (very unique to me and I'm really happy I tried them). For entree's we had the duck breast, pork chop and sea bass. I made the boring sea bass choice - don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad at all, in fact it was great but I should have been more adventurous with my choice as the other entree's we incredible!
Also, the service was great. I'll be back here for sure.We didn't eat here, we were there waiting for its sister restaurant next door to find us a table. The wine was very expensive but it was very good! I could have easily drank another glass if it my $20 bills weren't getting sucked into the picture. The staff was kind and the ambiance was so cute. My favorite decoration so far this day in Franklin Square. Maybe next time I'm here I'll get a chance to try the food tooi was surprisingly unimpressed by this place. The ambiance is great, and it would be a good group for a medium sized party/ date. However, i thought most of their dishes were quite bland... First off, they have a great selection bread. except... they are very dry and very hard to bite into/ not fresh. 
I ordered their bean salad for appetizer, which was decent. Got their crispy bass, which i found very bland. A group of us ordered their pina cotta, creme brulee and chocolate cake for dessert. I'd say the chocolate cake probably made up for the lack of taste in other dishes. Overall, i thought it was an average dining experience.Amazing.   We went for brunch and had the heirloom tomato salad and the pastrami entree along with an amazing polenta side.  Everything looked and tasted great.  The staff was knowledgeable, friendly and very attentive.  Overall wonderful experienceReally spectacular, innovative flavors. I went with 3 other people and we did the $70 prix fixe menu so we were able to share different selections and try a bit of everything. It also came with a different amuse-bouche between each course so there was even more variety. My only criticism is that the extras were very carb heavy (although delicious), so I was almost too full to enjoy dessert. 
Stand-outs: 
Smoked trout caviar - we got extra crackers just to clean off the plate
Spruce smoked yellow beets - I would never have thought to put poached oysters with beets but they were amazing!
Fennel pappardelle - wonderfully textured pasta, somehow the flavor and presentation reminded me of high-end chinese food even though the dish was not remotely asian...
Colorado Lamb - if you eat meat, this is a MUST. lamb cooked 3 ways and every single one is melt-in-your-mouth deliciousjust awesome, we really enjoyed the entire experience.We were looking forward to this for Bday and Christmas Eve Dinner.
1 Miscommunication by phone on choosing 7 fish dinner or ala carte
2 service by waiter was good
3 Not a good choice on 7 fish.
Expensive, too few scallops and too much mackerel and cod.
4 Bass came out w head and tail with no willingness to fillet.
5 Dessert was awful. Coffee ice cream.
Sorry but a big disappointment.
On our way for pizzaAccidentally came across this restaurant walking back to our hotel after having a great (fun) meal. No name on the building or the door - just a FORK. Looked at the menu and was captivated. Thankfully my bosses though it would be a good choice, and off we went! I have never in my life SAVORED every mouthful of food as I did tonight. Perfectly delightful! Everything I ate was a culinary pleasure! I have only a few complaints - seating was TIGHT...I was becoming very friendly with the person who chair was up against mine. Two, the noise level - they need a couple more "barriers" to keep the noise level down. Service was great. Ambiance and decor was great. Just an overall memorable dinner.the food is fresh but overpriced. Philly has some great restaurants but i was just not impressed with the menu or the dishes. nothing blew my breath away. If you are looking for a good meal, try somewhere else, but of u are looking for ambiance in a nice area then its a good spot. 
service was great but i think it has more hype than it actually is. it was a great place to try but i dont think i would recommend.This is hands-down, my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia in 2017. From the Michelin level of service, to the gastric-distending portions of delicious food, I have to say that Fork is undeniably risen up to my favorites, beating all other local favorites such as Zahav, Laurel, Abe Fisher and etc.
I came here the night before New Years eve after reserving it on open tables and we were seated to an excluded area like we'd asked. The staff were incredible, from their friendly disposition, professional mannerism and very prompt table cleaning and water refills, I felt like I was at a Michelin restaurant. Since we had a large party and elected to get the chef tasting menu ($68pp, with each person selecting one option from the three meals), we ordered 'one of everything.' Keep in mind, that comes down to 20 individual plates, accompanied by three complimentary snacks, 2 pre desserts, and 2 post-check desserts, my family and I were wobbling home from the restaurant. To be honest, everything was spot on, and my only recommendation, aside from, get the tasting menu, is potentially avoiding some of the other dishes, if I had to be picky.
Drinks: I strongly recommend the snowbird, as the foam was expertly layered above the not-so-sweet spirit.
Appetizer: best oysters I've ever had. The winter salad was slightly forgettable, in comparison. The lamb carpaccio was amaaazing, but the crunchy mushroom was tough enough to break a tooth. The black bass, perfect and the parsnip soup was out of the world.
Pasta: My favorite was definitely the chestnut fettuccine, and the rest of the family loved the saffron fazzoletti (with super succulent rabbit meat), and the wife loved the bucatini. I unfortunately didn't like the gnocchi as much, but that's mainly because it a bit too salty.
Main meal: I don't know where to start, but definitely get the duck and the monkfish. The pork was absolutely tender and served in multiple manners, but at this portion of the dinner, we were stuffed like pigs ourselves. The cauliflower, I don't think is worth the $28, but hey, it's something different.
Dessert: try everything, although the date cake was meh. The pumpkin mousse was the best. Oh yeah, the cheese board comes with 2 pieces (generous) of cheese and almonds as well.
At the end of the day, this was a perfect meal and worthy of michelin stars, enough said. Five stars all around.Restaurant seems to have generic American food at excessive prices. Ate here at a pre-arranged party with a fixed menu. Was not impressed.Went to Fork a few weeks ago because my wife wanted to go there for dinner badly. She heard this was the "place", and she was very excited. Well, at the end, we thought it was good.
The atmosphere and the place itself were really cool. It has an elegant feel, but not to the point of being pretentious. 
The food: we had the crispy lamb confit and the soup of the day to begin our night. The soup was very very light, almost bland, and the lamb confit (I love lamb) was an interesting dish, having apricot verjus to complement the lamb. I thought it was very good, although the piece of lamb they served had an incredible amount of fat on it, which is not common for lamb.
We continued with the main course, I had grilled smoked pork chops, and my wife had the lightly smoked duck breast. They were both well cooked and well seasoned, but we just did not love them.
Service was very good.
I would give it another try, especially since they tend to change the menu periodically. But I have come to realize that new american food might not be my thing.The last time I was at Fork I was lucky enough to go with a large enough party that we were seated in one of their spacious back rooms...otherwise, the dining room is a little too "cozy" for me, but I do love the space. The backroom was great as we were a group of friends from college & significant others all catching up after not seeing each other for months, so we were pretty loud & obnoxious, so the back room was perfect.
the service at fork is friendly and the food is tasty...although its on the pricier side. I love their Sunday champagne breakfast and am not afraid to admit that I have spent an entire afternoon here sipping mimosa's and wasting an entire day just eating and drinking. 
Great for groups!I found the service here to be wonderful!! The waiter was really helpful in providing descriptions and recommendations. The food was fantastic. It was extremely full of flavor. 
We chose to do the Our House Menu. The watermelon salad was very unique. Next I had the lasagna, this was very rich and creamy. I finished every drop on the plate. Finally, I had the pork plate. This was topped with zuchinni flowers, very delicious!! Loved all the add ins! Many great extras, we always had food in front of us! 
Highly recommended! Great neighborhood. Several blocks away from Liberty Bell.i love the space. i think for old city, it is upscale and pretty. the service is right on. but the food... it's just ok. i was never wowed at anytime. it's not cheap. and it has been around forever. all my years in philly, living in old city, i have never heard anyone say fork was their fav spot.it's really nothing special. i will, on the other hand, hang out at the bar sometime in the future. if i cant find anywhere else to go.I've been here twice, with about 4 years in between.
The first time I went I remember loving my entree. I think it was some sort of salmon, shiitake, pasta thing. 
The last time I went I was there for Restaurant Week, so I know that they were pumping out a lot of the same entrees over and over again. I got the short ribs. I didn't love them. They were pretty fatty. My friend got the salmon and again, it was good.
I also got a lemongrass lemonade, which was good, but not particularly lemongrass-y.
I guess if you want a good piece of salmon, Fork is your place.Top five meals of my life. My fiancé and I were blown away. Every element of every dish was delicious and perfect. Service was stellar. Price point is high but you get what you pay for. Will most definitely be back. All the dishes we had were stars. Probably not a bad thing on the menu!I've been to this place twice and have had a great time both times. Both times I got the tasting menu, which is a pretty great deal. My only criticism was that the in betweeners were the same both times, but maybe because I went twice in a pretty short span of time. Both meals, were memorable, none the less. I've had the duck in the past, which was amazing, and had the steak the second time, which was great. The pasta dishes are impeccable. The most memorable dish was the seafood carpaccio. Fresh, bright, amazing. Ambiance is fantastic. Try their whiskey-sour. Awesome.The food was decent but definitely not worthy of the almost $40 per entree price range. Matyson has similar prices but the food there was way better than Fork. The 60's diner tables looked a little out of place compared to the warm decor of the restaurant. The tables in the back of the restaurant seemed to have better ambiance and lighting.
Our server was  a little lacking. It just took a while for our entrees to arrive and we were always kind of looking for her...whether it was to order dessert, get more hot water for our tea, or ask for the check. I ordered scallops which were tasty but usually I'm looking for a good sear while not being overcooked and mine didn't really live up to that. 
Best part of the meal was dessert and we got the homemade cookie plate. It was a little taste of everything and perfect with a pot of loose leaf tea. I wanted to like this place much more (esp. since it has roots with a wharton alum) but I don't think we'll be back.Went for Valentine's Day pre-fix menu and had a delicious meal.  The gnocci for an appetizer and the filet mignon for the main course was to notch.  Small portions but the food was in a tasty heavy cream sauce which made it very filling.  Cool and trendy spot to take a date.  My only complaint is the price was pretty hefty!I'd been hearing so many great things about Fork for years, but never got around to eating there. I made a reservation for 9:30 and got there around 9 to have a drink or two at the bar before dinner. There were no seats at the bar when I first arrived, so I stood by for a while. When I did find a seat, it took a while more to get a drink. This was fine as I was entertained by the bickering host and hostess. I think one was new, and they were not getting along. It was Saturday night. I expected to wait a little. Ended up waiting quite a bit. We were seated 45 minutes after our reservation time with no apology. If I knew my 9:30 res was actually gonna be a 10:15, I would have had dinner elsewhere and returned another night! Anyway, our appetizers were pretty tasty. I had the duck breast for dinner, which was not bad, but not the correct value for price ($38, I think). My dinner guests and I shared a dessert, which we all actually hated. We told the server it wasn't what we expected (not sweet) and he apologized but didn't remove it from the bill. Instead he brought us out some unsolicited cookies... which also sucked. All in all, I don't recommend Fork. (For fairness, I wanted to point out Eli Culp was out.)My wife and I went here for our 1st wedding anniversary tonight. They were so accommodating and friendly. I think four or five different people wished us a happy anniversary. Our server was incredibly helpful and attentive. 
The food was amazing. We went with the duck for 2. We highly recommend. A lot of the lower reviews seem to be from people who didn't know what Fork was about. They try to provide an experience, and that's what they did for us on our special day.Everything about the experience at Fork is exactly what it should be like to eat at a top restaurant. The service was out of the world and our waiter was very knowledgeable, accommodating and friendly. I mean truly, truly outstanding service. The space and decor are beautiful as well.
We were there for brunch and their brunch cocktails were tasty and well crafted. Food was incredible. If they have the cauliflower soup when you're there GET IT. Vegetarian quiche was also excellent.
Again, the experience is exactly what you're hoping for when dining at a quality restaurant such as Fork. I highly recommend it. I can't wait to go back.Small place with delicious food. Our table did the 4 course menu, and were generally super happy with our food (though I had the cod and it was too salty). Easy for gluten free - they didn't have a menu but most of their food could be made gf.I eat out about twice a week in Philly.  I don't make it down to olde city often but when I do I dine at Fork.  Why?  They change their menu daily and it's perfect for foodies.  Excellent wines by the glass. Usually a quiet atmosphere since it is small and has a lot of drapery.  A little overpriced for the portion sizes but if you're a light eater and a big spender it works. Had the Bibb salad, Grilled Calamari, Salmon, and Scallops.  My fiancee wasn't thrilled with the salmon because it was served in a bowl of butter, but he failed to read the menu thoroughly.  It came in a buerre blanc sauce.  I also recommend ordering a side like the broccoiii rabe.  Usually, I am too full for dessert, but not at Fork.  Portions are just too small.  We finished with the strawberry gelato and pineapple financier.  No leftovers, but totally satisfying, tasty, and peaceful.Have your generous parents or a very flattering date take you here. Pricey, but beautifully designed, prepared, and presented food. We had tilapia, lobster, and lamb ravioli, and everything was rich and delectable. I found later in the night that the lobster was actually too rich for me, but I don't usually use butter, so I'm sure my body was just mad confused.
Wait staff was chic, helpful, and good at explaining all the words on the menu.
It was pretty bustling on a Monday night, so make reservations!Fork continues to stay current and I love the new chef and the new decor. Every meal I have here is sublime...from the service to the food to the ambiance. Fork is my go-to restaurant to impress anyone with what Philly can offer.An overly pompous server did not compensate for slowly  served expensive mediocrity.   What a disappointment.  Service was attentive and excellent.  Food was very mediocre (almost bland). Kitchen and courses were SLOW.    EPIC FAILAfter watched the show at Arden, me and my hubby grabbed  dinner at Fork. We had so so experiences at High street on Market so hesitated a bit but we gave a shot after read positive reviews. 
It had welcoming and beautiful ambiance and services were professional. Overall I enjoyed my meal but  husband wasn't very impressed. I guess restaurant really can't satisfy everyone. 
I am a girl who hates leaving restaurant hungry so amuse bouche and several house treat platters made me very happy. We had 4 course tasting menu and they served different treats after each course. 
Sweet bread starter and shrimp raw platter were delicious start. They were not super small portion. For pasta course,we had gnudi pasta and ravioli. Gnudi pasta was delicious since  I am big fan of cheese but it could be too rich for others who doesn't enjoy rich cheese. I thought ravioli was lack of flavor. But again, I am rich, creamy pasta girl. 
For main, we got duck breast and pork. Hubby ordered pork but he didn't like it much so we ended up switching the plate. I thought pork was ok. But not blown away. Oddly side dishes for both main courses were pickled vegetable. Since I got pickled veggie for my sweet bread starter, it was too much pickle for 4 courses dinner. 
Dessert, hubby got Black Forest cake( it's more like mousse) and I got cheese plate. Cheese selection was good. I enjoyed mine. Hubby didn't like his mousse so I ended up finishing his. It was rich but too bitter for me. 
Overall I left restaurant full and happy, I would go back if I am near for sure.Tasty. They take real care with the flavors and presentation. Great drinks too!This is by far the most complex meal I've ever eaten in my life.  As a hardcore foodie, seeking out a city's best food scene is what I love and "Fork" hit the mark.  So complex, so thoughtful, just WTF awesome dishes I can't say enough good things!
Fork also has THE BEST WAIT SERVICE...Anywhere, ever, period!  Just amazing service start to finish!For what it's worth... not worth it.
I bear no ill will toward Fork. I've been on many culinary adventures and I had always heard good things. Finally the lady and I went last night.
While we had a really nice and romantic table up front, the service was so-so, from hostess to waitress. The hostess had her back to us for a good few minutes while we stood there awkwardly, and the waitress took an eternity to get to our table in the first place, much less for each return. But hey, no biggie.
When the food came, I was underwhelmed to say the least. I had the filet mignon with braised short rib. The short rib seemed as though it hadn't been cooked long enough to get really juicy and tender the way short rib should be. The Filet was nowhere near medium rare as ordered, and was just OK. My girlfriend's rissoto was so-sotto (hahaha).
Look, I'm no great chef but I've made both filet and rissoto that blew this out of the water. 
While Fork wasn't terrible, I can think of plenty of places where I'd feel good about blowing $200 or so on dinner. Fork simply wasn't one of them.I won a gift certificate for Fork through another wonderful place (Modern Eye in West Philly; they were holding a raffle for a benefit for animal health) and had the most wonderful dinner there on a recent evening.  Fork's vegetarian choices were absolutely superb.  The staff were wonderful.  Fork is a hidden gem on Market. It is a sophisticated, romantic, yet festive and relaxed place to dine.  I highly recommend it!