Went for the first time yesterday for the psu/temple game. Got there around one and it was crowded but not too crazy. We got lucky and got a table as someone got up. Our waitress was very nice. Good selection of beers and drinks, great food menu. I ordered the French dip sandwich with sweet potato fries. The rest of my party got wings which looked amazing !! Unfortunately my sandwich took awhile but the manager comped one of my drinks for me. The sandwich was very good however the roll was a bit dry and blahhhhhhhh. Could've been better. The only drink special was 5 for $30 buckets which wasn't even a good deal but we had a great time and will def be backGreat bar to drink and watch football. Plenty of tvs to watch the game. Great atmosphere. Staff was friendly and quick getting food and drinks. Crowded but service was awesome. Loved it a lot.120316
First time here. Usually while visiting in KOP we go to the Tilted Kilt. Today we tried the FOX & Hound. Nice clean quiet environment. We were seated promptly. Not crowded at all. 
Our server Danielle was quick to greet us and was friendly. Service was very efficient and through. She promptly took our drink order. And after she brought our drinks back, she kept checking with us till we were ready to order food.
I ordered the Double Sided Burger with the loaded Tater-Tots (get them loaded) and my wife had the Philadelphia Cheesesteak with Parmesan Fries. During the order wait, Danielle kept checking in on us. 
We got our food in a timely manner. And I'll tell you what, look up cause Jesus is ah comin'. That Double Sided Burger was probably one of the best burgers I've had in my life. And my wife really enjoyed her cheesesteak. Now the ONLY downside we had was the booth we were sitting in. I think every spring was sprung in it. Very broken in. Other than that, FANTASTIC!
Thanks Danielle. And to the Chef who cooked our sandwiches. Minstrels will be singing your praise. Thank you.Came with a larger group to celebrate an event. Our waitress was attentive, but the food was pretty awful. Pretty pricey and no dinner specials on the weekend if fine, but the chicken tenders came out small and burnt up with no flavor, and extra salt couldn't fix it. Other people said the burgers were bad as well, with crumbly buns and lack of flavor too. Fries were alright, but overall, this place isn't for food. Drinks were sweetened up a lot, but I had a few that were okay. In general, maybe not the best idea to eat, and even drinking gets expensive really quick. Won't be back for food.It is a good place to watch sports. It is not a place to go to have  a fancy dinner. Just watched the Flyers game and it was full in the big screen area and crowded in the big space area. Service was surprisingly excellent (maybe got lucky with the server). The food was good 4*. They have burgers, fried stuff and pizza. Maybe salad.I have always had a great time at Fox and Hound.  During both this year and last year's Phillies post season, i have enjoyed watching games here.  2.75 pints of everything they have on tap ( my fave, Stella) before 7 is a good deal.  The location in Center City is great, the staff is competent and overall it is a fun place to gather with your fellow sports fans.I rarely go to Fox and Hound because I prefer locally owned bars with good beer selections, but for a chain, F&H isn't bad. They have a decent beer selection (for a chain) and on Tuesdays, all beers are/used to be $2 each. I've only eaten here a few times because the food is very average chain food - way too salty for my taste. If you're looking for a place to watch a sporting event, if it's on TV, it's probably on at F&H. Decent place to watch UFC. Bottom line: I'd probably only go to F&H to watch a sporting event, not to chill out with friends over some good beers and bar snacks.Big spacious sports bar, and for some reason I've never seen it get too packed. There are many TV screens here but none too big, particularly if you're sitting far from the bar. Still, its a good place to watch a game especially if you don't like being cramped with sweaty, rowdy sports fans.
And Monday Wings Nights are the bomb! $3.50 for 10 wings!! But it seems like the wings have gotten smaller, but nonetheless still a great deal.
Happy Hours (5-7 pm) are limited to beers only...boo.....Went back for Monday night football and sat at the bar. Service was much better and management took care of this issue. I would give it 3 1/2 stars because of the 50 cent wing special on Monday nights.Fox & Hound has a few big pros going for it. Are you an out-of-town sports fan? This is one of the few big sports bars in Philly. There are lots of TVs and NFL Sunday Ticket. Are you a Steelers fan? Then you are in the right place (though you have sacrificed some not insubstantial part of your soul to be a fan of that godforsaken travesty, but whatever, that's a different review). If you're an Eagles fan, you're better off going some other place where you can see the game without tons of obnoxious yellow & black jerseys and sad Bill Cowhler mustaches creeping you out.
The food is passable but I suspect it's shipped over from the Applebee's kitchen up the street. The burger I had pales in comparison to the many, many better varieties just blocks away (Good Dog, Misconduct, etc.) The spinach dip was covered in a thin layer of grease. Yuck.
On the plus side, they have a pretty good beer selection, and pint night is great.this place sucks all around, the only reason I gave it 2 stars is for $2 pint night, the only reason I will ever go again. Ive known workers at the place and they complain about it too. Would avoid it's douchey atmosphere at all costEh... I was not a fan of this place. It is large and there are a number of TV screens but the food was mediocre and they didn't have ANY vegetarian options. Really?!? I ended up ordering a Cobb Salad and holding the meat. It definitely was not anything to rave about. My husband got a hamburger and was only satisfied that his hunger was met. The prices were high and the drinks were WEAK. I don't see why locals would chooses to come here because I really wish we passed on this place.Slowest service ever. Popped in after the Santa Run, where the place was crowded but still had a table for ten. Friendly but slow service. 
Minus the slow service drinks finally came but one person with a Mojito had a friendly gnat in the drink. They quickly replaced the drink.  Almost an hour here and our food orders arrive. 
The food was your typical bar food; I would like the food choices to stay the same but the quality to increase and match a gastropub.  
More than likely return to watch games not showed on local cable.I have never sent a drink back, and still not to this day because they wouldn't even let me! I ordered a margarita, which was on special for $5.  There was barely any alcohol and it was all sour mix.  I asked the waiter to add more, bartender said no that's how she made them, and proceeded to give me a dirty look when I said no I didn't want another drink.  I am by NO means someone who drinks strong drinks, but I refuse to drink straight up sour mix.  I pushed the drink to the side, where it sat untouched because  they wouldn't take it back.  Where did ît end up? On my bill, full glass remaining on the table.  Thanks Fox and Hound for the sour mix posing as a margarita.Wont go back...ordered the wings and the chicken was raw...thank God I did not get sick!!! They did take it off the bill, but it was still a bad taste in my mouth.  I dont do chains and this reminds me why I dont go...
Okay decor and looked like a feloncious crowd...Fox and hound is a chain but they have really decent food! Used to frequent this place more when I lived around the corner but I recently came here during MNF. We got here early because we wanted to get a seat with a good view of the TVs but you could be anywhere at fox and hound and have a good view. Flat screen TVs everywhere. Bartenders were friendly. My hot honey wings were as good as I remember. A good mix of spicy and sweet. Loved the parm fries. My friend got the garlic parm wings that smelled so amazing I wished I had gotten those instead. His opinion was that they were crunchy. We didn't get waiter service so I can't comment on that but we got there an hour before MNF settled in, got our food and drinks no problem. Ambience was fun. Will be back for another game.As other posters have noted, what kind of sports bar in this day and age doesn't have flat-screen HD TV's??  How is this possible?  This place is in need of a serious overhaul.  Sadly, there aren't many other sports options around (I've recently started to go to Cavanaugh's on Sansom -- much nicer place to watch a game).
The food is also mediocre at best.  It's like a terrible version of Applebee's, and Applebee's is pretty bad.
The only thing saving this place from getting a one-star review is their large selection of draft beers, which can all be purchased for $2 on Tuesdays.  When you serve 6 Rogue Dead Guy drafts for $12, you earn a star.food is sub par, service is hit or miss, but beer is cheap and tvs are great. Avoid during paper view fightsAwful service. Dry chicken wings. Inattentive bartender. Come here for a game, not for the food or atmosphere.3.5
Tuesdays 2 dollar draft selection was fantastic. Great beers for a great deal. It got really crowded.
Inconsistency in service and quality of food kept this sports bar hangout from a full 4. Boneless wings tasted alright but didn't look appealing. One waitress was a saint and the other not.Went for $2 Tuesday and while I was thrilled with the draft selection and price, the place is kinda lame. Granted it gets packed, but the service was so bad, and if you decide to sit at a table, you have to be waited on, when it would be much faster, and economically wiser to simply order at the bar. The music is just eh, which is telling of Fox and Hound in general... just eh.Too cold. 50 degrees inside.  Food less than desirable. Prices not great, but possibly average for the neighborhood.  I know they are working through some new hiring- good. Service could be improved along with numerous other aspects. Overall, it's a large sports bar- with ample TVs and beer selections.  
I suppose to its credit, to attempt much more is futile. It attracts the type of crowd that it attracts. 
A good choice for your beers, wings, football. Bring a sweater. Order two beers for you and your "imaginary friend" and sit and enjoy. Not a bad spot; However, just not living up to its potential due to poor execution and lack of attention to detail. Salsa sucks.  It's not even as good as canned Tostitos- i can make 100x better in five minutes. 
I predict with better staff, slightly better targeted advertisement and better management, this place could end up being extremely successful. If it's going to stay just an NFL bar, it will only have its seasonal success. 
UPDATE:
Gave second chance
Ordered the chili
It came out cold, as in refrigerator- level cold.
Second time after a reheat it came out it was ok but still, who serves cold chili??  Every experience I am having at this restaurant and others in the vicinity must be due to complete idiots in the kitchen. 
There's no excuse for this- and especially at FULL PRICE downtown $30 for a meal for it to be cold? You're joking. Be real now -come on, how are all of these places getting away with this?  I just simply won't pay any more. No way.  I got ripped off so bad so many places blatantly serving wrong items or cold when it should be hot-  just don't sign. Have a manager call me.On the one hand, Fox & Hound is sort of generic.  On the other hand, they have decently good food (especially bar food.  LOVE the potato skins.)  They also have Sam Adams Cherry Wheat beer on tap which is my favorite girlie beer and which not a lot of places serve.  They have lots of seating, so it is a good place to come on an otherwise busy night if you are looking for a place where you can probably sit down and hear your friends talk.  On nights where there isn't a big game taking up everyone's attention, they actually play pretty cool 90s music.This place sucks. The service is rude and minimal, and the food in incredibly greasy. Ive been there probably 4 or 5 times. Usually on tuesday nights for the special but once to watch a UFC event. The place was so packed that it was impossible to enjoy myself while watching so I never went back to watch a PPV
Most recently I vowed to never go again ever.. I ordered chicken fingers and fries which were incredibly salty and greasy. I washed it down with a few beers but my mouth felt like it was coated in a film of grease for the rest of the night until I brushed my teeth. 
The meals came with no water, and I wanted water instead of buying another beer but the waitress was no where to be seen. So, I walked up to the bar (it was nearly empty) and politely asked for a cup of water. My question was met with an eye roll and I was told to go back to my table and ask the waitress. This pissed me off to no end and was the last straw. That is unnacceptable to me and they've lost me as a customer.
Another thing that is annoying is they hire a bathroom attendent on some nights. This is not at all a classy joint, and a bathroom attendent is out of place. On top of a cover, then having to shell out even more money for someone to hand me a towel after I'm done taking a piss is just too much, and not worth it.We stopped here last night before our show at the Merriam. Upon arrival we asked if they were on a wait. Other restaurants were. The girl replied, it's seat yourself. Luckily we found a booth.
First this first is the service. It stinks! We explained we had a show and needed to be in and out. The food took an extremely long time to arrive. Our friends fish sandwich came out 5 minutes after ours. I ordered a buffalo grilled chicken sandwich. It came out as fried chicken. Big difference but no time to send it back. The tots were good! The buffalo chicken rolls were just weird. They had pepperoni in them and we also didn't expect them to be fried. 
Not a great experience eating here. If you're not drinking the service lacks and you're neglected. We will not be back. 2 stars just for the tater tots.I used to love this bar. It's great for watching sporting events, and a ton of fans always show up for games. However they need to anticipate better for big crowds, and they need to hire better waiters. 
I went for the NFL playoffs and the service was terrible. My friend and i ordered boneless wings, nachos, and beers. The cheese on the nachos wasn't melted. We saw our waiter once after ordering, when we got the bill. The one waitress took my empty beer mug without even bothering to ask if I wanted another. The worst part was we were given plastic utensils with no small plates, after we had to ask for utensils! On top of that, many of the waiters were just standing around doing nothing. 
As a customer, I understand that it's a busy time, but that lack of service is unacceptable. With so many bars in the area, you should not encourage customers to take their business elsewhere by treating them poorly. You should not pressure customers to leave just because they have a smaller party. It was rather uncomfortable. I will not be going back anytime soon. There are many other bars in Philadelphia that treat their customers better.Went here on a Saturday in support of someone who was attending a casting call being held at Fox n hound.  Bellied up to the bar for some dynamite drinks which were unbelievably inexpensive..ordereda few small plates and was satisfied with my meal. What set this place apart from others were the bartenders - so kind and sweet! very charismatic and attentive.  there were 3 of them (names escape me) Staff absolutely makes a difference. Keep up the good work!This is one of my favorite places to go for dinner in Center City, and I'm not a sports fan in the slightest.  Yes, you must avoid coming here when there is a big game on, because at those times the noise is unbearable.  But at any other time, it's wonderful.  They make the juiciest and tastiest grilled chicken I've ever devoured, and the guacamole is (almost) always amazing.This place seems to be a standard-issue sports bar, complete with giant blaring TVs, an extensive menu of fried things, a weaksauce beer list and tons of dudebros and their female counterparts. It's loud, it's bland, but on the plus side, it was a great place to go with my cousin who only eats chicken fingers.This is probably the best place in Center City to watch a sports event or UFC cuz of the t.v.s and that they turn the volume up, but you better get there early if you want to get a seat. You also better be ready to fight for a seat and fight to keep it. Literally. Awful. And, if you take a break between drinks you will be told to 'order or leave' lol. Ridiculous. Also, got sick on the chili.Very odd table rules. 
Party of 6- ordered two buckets of beer right away and it took quite a bit to get them. Was annoyed that we "couldn't" get them from the bar.
We ordered food bc we "had to", however it was 1.5 hrs of waiting until we got our ONE appetizer. It was incredibly frustrating and we about to up and leave. We will not return based solely on ticket times and service.Bottom line this place is always going to be packed, especially for big games and fights. If you can't deal with service being slow then head for a smaller joint. I personally enjoyed the food and drink here, they do have a great beer selection and I think it's cool how they have a few big games going on in different sections of the tavern.My boyfriend and I only live 3 blocks away, so we loved coming here to watch all the games/sporting events. On their burger night ($4 cheeseburgers) we ordered 2. Knowing sides weren't included in the $4, we didn't order any but our burgers still came out with fries. When we got our bill they had charged us $2.50 for each side. We only ordered the cheeseburgers and our waitress didn't even ask if we wanted any sides or explained that there would be a charge. After she "fixed" our bill and rudely threw it back at us, we saw they took off the $5, but raised the price on the burgers. I don't appreciate trying to be tricked by taking money off and putting it somewhere else. SOME SPECIAL AND SOME SERVICE.We stopped here before going to the Kimmel Center to see Iggy Pop/Josh Homme last week.  It was your typical loud sports bar, with many many tv's and a random Paint Nite.  
How anyone could hear is beyond me but paint away, people!
We got a round of drinks, and were served quickly by Liz.  We didn't sit at the bar but stood as we weren't staying long.  
There were several high tops and other tables open but we just wanted a quick drink.
I would imagine this is a lively place to watch sports and grab a drink after work.
Service was friendly and speedy.Wow. I don't know why the reviews are so low. I really enjoyed this place. You walk in and they ask which game you are interested in seeing so they can seat you closest to where they have it on the tv. The food was pretty good to me. Lots of food and drink selections. 
On Football Sunday apparently they have $5.00 tall Bud Lights, so that's what I was drinking. Then I had one LARGE margarita with a Coronoa in it (called a Coronorita). My sister had a LARGE Hail Mary (Bloody Mary with a Corona in it). 
I was never left without a drink. Anytime I was done, a server was there right away to get me another and ask how I was doing. So I thought the service was stellar.
I was looking for a place to watch the UFC fight yesterday, and found out today it looked like they had it here. Wish I had known. However, I saw a sign they had to the side that looked like they charged a $10.00 cover. So I probably wouldn't have liked that. 
But as far as my official experience, I enjoyed it. It's a sports bar. You drink, eat, watch sports. Shouldn't be much more to that. Great experience for me.Waitress was very down to earth and funny. Made us feel comfortable. Had the buffalo chicken pub rolls which were delicious. Long Islands were good too. Chill laid back spot to go with friends and to watch sports. Not a "turn up" spot. Will returnI've been to Fox&Hound a few times. The first couple times, it was very crowded though they are a large venue. Both were NFL game days, so I figured those were not ideal times to base a review off. In both those instances, service was a bit slow (both ordering from a server and directly from the bar), but on game days with a packed house, that's alright.
However, my most recent visit, they were not crowded by any means. The service was still slow. It was probably slower than when they were packed. All we ordered were a couple drinks. How can it possibly take so long to pour a couple lagers? While the server was friendly and apologized for the long wait, she did spend a lot of time chatting with her friends - but maybe it was the bar that was the rate limiting factor and not her. She also got one of our drinks wrong. One out of two drinks. But we couldn't stand to wait another 25 minutes to get a drink. 
In none of my visits have I ordered food, mostly because everything is so bad that we want to leave before we get to the food. Though their Tuesday pint deals seem pretty appealing, I'm not sure I can handle the wait.I don't love sports bars in general, but when a close friend invites a group out to watch the fight for their bday, you put your friend cap on and get your tail to the sports bar. We arrived early and were able to secure a large table before the place turned into a madhouse. Our group ordered lots of food and lots of very large drinks.  Nothing was spectacular, but everything hit the spot. And well isn't that what you deserve when you pay a cover to watch 2 grown men punch each other until they bleed. 
The crazy part was this bar turned into a ghost town the minute the fight ended, so I can't imagine what it's like on an average sporting event night.I ended up at the Fox and the Hound to watch our beloved Phillies play on Monday night as not much else in the city seemed to be open, and the ones that were didn't have Comcast!  Boo!
My experience here was very pleasant.  We had a great waitress who was quick and checked back often to see if we needed anything.  The boyfriend got some sort of Jamaican chicken concoction with pineapple dressing that he loved!  The rice that came along with it was a little bland but hey, it's rice what do you expect?  I got wings ($0.40 each!) and they were great, too.  I do have to agree that for a sports bar, they need a serious upgrade on the TVs.  The sound system is great though, and they even have it playing on loudspeakers in the restrooms so heaven forbid you miss a second of the game...
A little fixing up here and there would do them good, but overall we had a nice experience with a good crowd.Bar-hopping around Philly on Saturday night with my friend and her family who were visiting. We stopped in because we were getting a case of drunchies, so we thought we'd continue our drinking here while also getting a bite to eat. The chips and dip game at Fox and Hound is off the hook (or chain, if you prefer!). The nachos, spinach artichoke dip, and guac&salsa were amazeballs. The wings though? Seriously disappointing. We split the 20 into half buffalo and half honey BBQ. The buffalo wings were pretty dry, which just made me not really want to try the honey BBQ ones. What BAR doesn't have halfway decent wings? I mean we're inebriated patrons, how hard is it to please us? Really, kind of unacceptable. Drinks are pretty standard. $6-7 for mixed drinks and they have a nice beer list. The setting is pretty big as well, really spacious.Oh dear... Just stopped in for a quick beer and appetizer after work. I'm literally the only person sitting at a table. Server takes drink order and disappeared for 15 minutes! Seriously? 
I asked the hostess to find her and when the hostess came back to my table she said "sorry she got distracted!" Oh! Good! At least she had a good excuse...
I WAS THE ONLY PERSON IN THE DININGthis place is awesome.  i taught the bartenders a thing or two about tokyo teas.  i suggest all you drinkers go there and test them out.  great place for a fight night.Hit this place up if you're wandering around CC looking for a sports bar. The atmosphere won't blow your hair back, but the wings are top-notch, and I'm always skeptical of food in these corporate-style restaurants. Their beer list is a shade below impressive, and I'm not really sure what shade that is, suffice to say that it's decent, unless you're a shameless beer snob, which you shouldn't be.Only good thing about this place are Sunday afternoons for football and the Tuesday night special. Service is poor, food is overpriced and overrated. Chain restaurants in cities usually suck and this place is no exception. Avoid.5 stars: the $2 pint of craft beers on tap on TUESDAYS only is a fantastic deal, the bar gets very crowded since everyone pretty much goes on Tuesdays
4 stars: the service
2 stars: the food- overpriced and nothing outstanding
overall: 4 starsWent midday on a Friday in the summer-- not crowded -- olympics were on -- attentive hostess and waitress -- yummy original drinks --- reasonable pricesNice spot.  Spent the better part of the day here drinking and watching baseball.  Service was excellent - very attentive, friendly - food was good with a solid selection, as well.
What makes this bar 5-star: first - a full listing when you get in of what games will be on which of their 20-some-odd TVs.  Nice - sets your strategy fro the whole day if this is what you are planning.
Second:  in the bar area, there are high tables w/ checker boards imbedded in them. Nice - a little checkers and beer - now we are talking.  The full fifth-star comes in when you get bored w/ checkers.  We were screwing around w/ the checkers for like 2 hours - rolling them across the bar, shooting them at eachother...the only reaction we got from the staff was laughter.  We then looked at the other checker area, and the guys over thee had covered their whole table with in order to make the checkers slide better...excellent.This place has many problems. 
1. Many obstructed view seating areas where you can't see the TV's
2. The largest TV's over the bar are out dated and have a faded picture
3. Wings were terrible over cooked grizzled crap 
4. Chicken sandwich tasted like a rubber prop chicken, i'm guessing microwavedI feel like fox and hound gets a bad rap. it's a large venue that is an easy go-to for any major ppv/ufc events. Not sure exactly what it's like all the time, but would seem to be a nice place for a company party.They hire idiots. The idiot bartender accused me of having a fake ID. I told him to ask the manager, the manager said it was fine. The IDIOT then decides to ask another bartender instead. At this point I walk up to the dumbass to snatch my ID back call him out for being an idiot and walk out.i'd like it better if it were a "cowboys" bar. if it were, i'd still probably steer clear of it. 
it is what it is. a brown paneled sports bar with multiple jumbo tv's and beer specials with a man's menu....and lot's of men. good for them though. keeps some of the loud drunken sports douches out of the local bars.Went here to watch the Eagles game tonight. Good place for beer and lots of big screens. The food? TGI Fridays type. We had chicken wings (pretty good) and buffalo chicken pizza (ouch).
Pretty bland place but lots of room for those that just want to watch the game and drink.Come here when:
You're a large group and don't feel like squeezing into the nooks of the tight-spaced bars in the area.
It's Tuesday and you would like to enjoy all 20 of their draft beers for just $2 each (this includes: Troegs, Bells, Victory et al - a serious, serious win).
DON'T come here when:
Well, under any other circumstances, really. Food is crappy, service is mediocre and the clientele is predominantly the "manly-man" philly sports fanatic.- Good place to watch a game, that would be the only reason for me to go.
- $2 beers on Tuesdays (good if the Phillies or Flyers are on).
- I wouldn't eat here by choice, maybe just appetizers while watching the game.
- Beer is expensive at nights on the weekends (a Bucket of Bud Light is $21.60, rather an obscure number). Then again, this is probably on par with city prices.Pint night is the only reason I ever have/ever will come here.  And unfortunately, my last pint night experience wasn't that great.
Maybe because it was the last week of college before everyone went down the shore for the summer or because I hadn't been there on a Tuesday in about six months, the place was unusually packed from what I remember.  Filled with Temple bros and hoes, everyone was particularly loud and annoying because they had to scream over the awful club music.  We're surrounded by huge TV's with tons of good games on and I have to listen to Usher for the hundredth time?
Anyway, we were able to wrangle a table for our large group and the server (God bless him) was so frazzled by how busy it was and kept apologizing for how long the drinks were taking.  At first, it was understandable and we remained patient.  But around 12:30 when we ordered our drinks and still didn't receive them 45 minutes later, I got fed up and decided to just go up to the bar.  Bad decision.  I've been to bars where you have to make your face/arm/twenty dollar bill apparent to the bartender and usually it works after about five or ten minutes of waiting.  After about 35 minutes, the entire side of the bar I was standing on still hadn't been paid attention to by the neglectful, clearly annoyed bartenders and I just gave up and returned to the table where thankfully, our drinks from the waiter were sitting.
Again, a wide selection of $2 domestics and imports is hard to pass up in these economic times, but seriously? THAT long of a wait?  Hopefully I can go back mid-July when all the Temple students are gone and maybe I can get a beer within two minutes of ordering it.
Also, the chips and salsa were stale and bland.Reasons to hate: Applebees level food, overpriced drafts, removal of the two best beers they served (Franskaner and Optimater).
Reason to love: Huge collection of dudes pretending to love MMA because it's macho.
Nail in the coffen: Playing a terrible top 40 playlist and refusing to turn on game audio, IN A SPORTS BAR.Essentially a large, and decent sports bar. The food is well above expectation (my expectation was not high) and the drinks are decently priced. The bar staff are nice. Pretty much it is the eastcoast version of BJ's Brewhouse.I'm surprised at the negativity of some of these reviews. Hung out here for 5 hours today watching the NCAA tournament and found the service to be attentive despite the crowd. Food was decent for a sports bar as well. For a place to come and watch a game I would recommend Fox and Hound. Prices were about as expected.Great sports bar to watch a game.  Plenty of beers on tap, so you can drink to your heart's content.  I highly recommend their chicken fingers and pulled pork sandwich.I walked by here twice and it just looks like a place you wanna try out so I went in and saw a guacomole burger and decided to add it to my burger tour not only breaking my no chain restaurant rule but also breaking my one burger a week rule because I had already reviewed two so far this week...this place is huge and basically meant to cater to the after work crowd 
Bun--supermarket seeded bun
Meat--surprisingly good
Toppings--the guacamole on this burger was awesome
In the end this is basically a TGIFridays type of burger with a great guacamole topping and 10 steak friesI kinda liked this place. The night I went (a Thursday) was super loud but they were having some kind of NFL draft party so was understandable. The $2 beers were also a great deal. We ordered food but then later in the night our server brought round some complimentary hotdog bites - much appreciated!Great place to enjoy a game with friend with a beer. Nothing else. Service : if you are lucky someone will take care of you after 1 or 2 hoursCome for the drinks when they are on special... don't come for the food.
Come to watch a game or a fight... but be warned, when they are the only one in town with the fight, expect to pay extra (like $20) at the door.Me and my boyfriend were at odds on where to go for a late night dinner and a few drinks. Mad mex, Miller Ale, Landmark? Well we decided to try some place new , which worked out because we were in the area. ooooooo mmmmmmmm ggggggg DISGUSTING !! I initially ordered the hot wings , NASTY! told waitress and she asked what else I would like. I ordered a hamburger , how easy is that right???  and I also ordered a signature drink .   Customer service was good, She wasnt nasty about it. When my food got to me it was also disgusting. The taste was off n it was poorly put together. My drink too was bad and I ended up returning it with one sip drunk. i was done !!!They had the nerve to try to charge for the drink stating no refunds on drinks.That as not happening . ABSOLUTELY NOT ! I requested to talk to manager and cashier walked off to get him.  talked to manager and it was taken off the bill. Never again and never to recommend.Great place to go and eat/ drink but make sure you dress warm because it is absolutely freezing in here!!! I am talking North Pole temperatures everyone of my friends was freezing and had to wear their jackets. When we complained to the manager he said he had know control over it...what??? Even our waitress said she was freezing and they make her wear a short sleeve shirt! Cmon turn the darn heat up its 17 degrees out!!!Awesome burgers and loved the tater tots! Why do more restaurants not have Tatar tots on the menu. 
We wanted to find the baseball game and this is a great place to have dinner, a couple beers and watch the game.If you have a craving for the prefabricated goodness of some far off chain restaurant but don't want the hassle of figuring out which one - just go here.  It's closer than Cherry Hill.
They have a basic amalgamation of the all the  crappy chains greatest hits all the rolled into one. Chicken tenders, ribs, Mexican inspired French dishes, things made out of pasta, things made out of shrimp.  You know the drill.
 You'll like it especially if you love tons of televisions blasting at top volume with  all kinds of sports (you can even watch TV in the ladies room) and fresh pimply faced servers.
Probably a good place to take sticky-fussy eatin' kids though I wouldn't really know. I hate sticky children.
If you hate sports like I hate sports - this is a very bad place.
If you like run-of-the-mill chicken fingers in a basket lined with paper and dipping sauce from a jar, then this is in fact, the place for you.Got a few items off of their lunch menu for the office today. No one was at impressed by the food, it was bland, chewy and left you with a stomach ache. 
I don't think anyone was expecting a gourmet lunch but we could have gone to Burger King and gotten the same quality (or lack there of) for a cheaper price. 
I wouldn't recommend this place for the food but it you want to get beers and watch a game, this could be a decent spot.This is your typical suburban sports bar, however, its location right in Center City is unique. There just aren't many sports bars that big in the city. Lots of HDTVs give you the chance to see pretty much any game you'd like. Food is average and the beer specials are good prices, though normal prices are a bit high.I only come here for pint night, sorry F&H but that's all I've got. The service here is inconsistent, my friends and I come every week and the shining star here is Grace. She can handle a crowd of people and has the beers under control even if I'm with a group of 10 people who are ordering completely different beers on different tabs on top of ordering food- she gets 5 stars easy. Now, some of the other staff (not bar side, table side) have issues with different tabs, forgetting drinks and are either completely on top of you while you're trying to talk or non existent.When this place isn't packed with half of Center City drinking tubs of Urine Light and high-fiving/howling over a game, Fox & Hound is actually a pretty chill place to go. Sure, the volume is permanently set at Old Man, and the television noise echoes because there's really nothing to absorb the sound, but service is super-quick, and you can hang out at the bar without getting bothered by anyone. I realize that sounds very Forever Alone, but sometimes I just want to hang out with a friend or two and drink and not just be in my apartment.
If you're looking for amazing food or amazing beer, Fox & Hound is not the place for you. But Fox & Hound is not there to be amazing. It's just there to be the sure-let's-go-there-why-not choice, and it satisfies.Wow, where to begin? We should've walked right out when it was 5:30pm on a Wednesday and there were less then 25 people in the entire (large) restaurant. There was no hostess at the stand, so we stood waiting for her to return for about 4-5 minutes and then finally sat ourselves. During our time there, we could see multiple staff members standing around chatting with each other, just ignoring us. 
After seating ourselves, we grabbed the menus and began to browse our selections. The menus were sticky and really needed a good washing, if not be completely replaced. 
Our waitress appeared after a bit and took our drink orders. At this point in time we were strongly considering just leaving. The restaurant was empty, and filthy, and yet completely staffed. 
Ordered wine for the adults and soda for the kids. No water was ever offered, and when requested, only 2 were brought for a table of 4. 
The food was (although prepared wrong, and missing standard ingredients) shockingly pretty decent. We really enjoyed what we had for dinner. We always over order and had 3 appetizers, a dinner salad and a platter. Everything was better than we expected based off of our experience up until that point. 
Being a former waitress, I stacked and cleared all of our plates neatly as we finished them. They were never removed from our table until after we left. This was 2 courses of plates with napkins on top. Neatly stacked and ready to be removed. I almost completely bussed them myself. 
After paying the check, we used the restroom and it too was filthy and smelled terribly. The latch on the handicapped door was broken, the changing station ripped off the wall, and the paper towel dispenser was malfunctioning so that another patron and I shrugged as we wiped our hands on our jeans. 
Looking back, it's no shock the place was a ghost town in Center City during happy hour. We should've left when we had to seat ourselves.Incredibly loud TVs and impossible to hear anyone. The chicken wings I got were weirdly mushy (overcooked perhaps?) and drenched in a cloying BBQ sauce. I do wonder how they got the wings that way. Did they perhaps boil or slow cook the wings for like 10 hours? Truly a mystery. I didn't get sick though so it must have been safe.Went here on a Friday night with my 2 friends before we were headed to the Merriam Theater to see a show.  From the moment we sat down, our waitress, Eileen, treated us like we were regulars.  She was so nice and made us laugh.  Food was as expected, good but not wonderful - but we are in a sports bar - what do people expect?!
The real reason that I wrote this review is to praise the staff.  After we finished our show, we went back to tell the girls about it.  Imani and Eileen were wonderful!  
Even though we all live in the 'burbs, I will definitely be coming back to the Fox and Hound when I am back in Philly.  Service was top notch!!!Fox & Hound is a giant, loud sports bar. Period. If you're looking to watch sports at a bar with 200 other people, this is a place you can do that.
There's nothing special about F&H, except for the fact they regularly show UFC events. On those nights there's a reasonable cover, between $10-15, and the place is packed to the gills. It's hard to get around and the bartenders are always busy. If you don't like crowds, don't go. That said, very few places have fight nights and F&H is a decent alternative to forking over $50 for PPV.
However, I don't want to seem too negative. F&H does have some good things going for it. Their draft selection is excellent for a mainstream sports bar. Lots of microbrews as well as the standard domestics. The staff have always been prompt and helpful, even when the place is full. The food is ok, nothing jaw-dropping but nothing that absolutely fails. The sheer number of big screen TV's means that you're never without a sightline for a game.
If it weren't for it being the only place that shows UFC, I probably wouldn't go. F&H is unexceptional as a bar and restaurant. However, they do a decent job of run of the mill. I'll keep going there to watch fights, but I can't say that there's much else to draw me back or push me away.I'm always at this place as I have a couple of friends who are servers there.  They have decent drink specials, Tuesday is Pint Night  - $2 for almost all of their beer selection, which is has wheat beers,IPAs and a wide variety of imports.  The food isn't the best part of this restaurant, and the TV's can be a bit annoying if you're trying to hang out and there's not a game on.  Overall, a decent place. The service is typically pretty good.As a Steelers fan, it's sad that I have to say that this bar is terrible. I love how Steelers fans take over this bar, but everything else about this bar just plain sucks. My friend and I split some chicken wings and onion rings, and they were served to us at room temperature. How can a popular sports bar like Fox and Hound get away with this? Apparently, people don't care since center city doesn't give you many options. 
My second issue with this establishment was the lack of initiative with the staff. Our table was near glass windows, and a cheap bum decided to stop and watch the entire game right next to our table. He didn't seem to care that he was intruding on our group, and it made for an awkward few hours. When I asked the hostess to do something about it, she responded by saying that "we don't have security, so try to ignore him."  Are you serious? You can't simply go ask him to leave or come in and buy something? How does a big center city bar not have security anyways? That's Philly for you. Not coming back!Fox and Hound is good for one thing: cheap, decent beer.  You can get $2 lager bottles and $3 lager pints during Phils games.  They have an okay (yet confusing) draft list.  The service is decent, and there are plenty of TVs for sporting events.
The place fills up quickly for Eagles games and other major sporting events.  But, many of the people who fill it aren't the most polite or encouraging folk in the city.  Lastly, for $5 you can get bottomless chips and salsa.  
The bottom line: If you want a quick, cheap pint come here.  If you want to watch a major sporting event, come early and expect plenty of unsavory characters to join you.OK It's a sports bar.  Stopped in on a Sunday for  a quick bite about 5ish  to kill some time.  It was frigging noisy and busy but we got a table right away.  I am going to get the real good stuff out of the way first.  The Chicken tenders were awesome.  The best I have ever had.  The rest of the food, mainly fried finger food was just OK.
Ordered a Miller Lite and it came in aluminum bottle and was not as cold as I would have liked.  Asked to have next bottle put on ice and waitress did.  The second was cold and great.  Hey it was football day and I'm sure they were selling beer faster than they could cool it.  Waitress was nice accommodating.
Here's the deal. It is a sports bar.  Loud, Yes, friendly, Yes.  Falls short of a  Chickie and Petes.  Lends itself to a college crowd and the real sports fanatic.Come here if you are a block away and can't think of a better bar to go to.
Large TV selection but the set-up sucks and it can be hard to see a game.
Food: Below average quality bar food. You would be better served to get a slice @ Slice or a burrito at Qudoba or Chipolte and just going here to drink.
If you from out of town, this is a decent place to watch a game, but if you are from Philly you need to find a better bar.Going to cut to the chase here. Three seriously horrendous problems:
1 - Went to watch the Phillies game and was told by the waitress that Blue Moon was on special "tonight" (that's a direct quote) for $3 a glass. Myself and my two companions proceeded to order 3 each throughout the night. Bill comes, and some are $5.50. When we asked our server she told us the special ended at 8 pm, well before the game ended. Nice to know AFTER ordering 4 of them at full price. Completely unacceptable.
2 - I ordered spinach artichoke dip, which I've gotten before and absolutely love. It took OVER AN HOUR to come out, was freezing cold and the waitress didn't say anything at all. No explanation, no apology, nothing. Disgusting and disappointing.
3 - When we went to pay our tab, we included cash and 2 credit cards. I made it explicitly clear we were going to split the difference and pay the tip on the card. She asked to clarify and I did. The total, by the way, was $68, and my friend who paid cash left $28. So my card and the other should have had $20 each on them. She brings our checks, and each is charged $30.11. And no cash is left. Oh, okay, so no we're tipping $20!?!? There wasn't even anyone left in the place since the game had ended!!! We brought this up to her and she could not have been angrier or more rude about it. Again, no apology. 
Bottom line - we were ripped off by being charged full price on 4 beers when nobody informed us of the price change (so that's $10 I don't think we should have paid), but that wasn't even close to the most serious problem. The waitress blatantly attempted to overcharge us $20 total and keep a huge tip. She figured we wouldn't notice and tip on the incorrect amount, essentially leaving $30 tip on a $60 bill. I have never been so disgusted by service in my life.
I used to love Fox & Hound for football games, and raved about the food and service (and specials!) to friends in Philly, bringing many to the establishment. Since last night's horrendous experience, I will NEVER return.
Make sure to triple-check ALL bills you get here AND ask constantly about the specials every time you order another round. Or, better yet, just don't go here. Ever.If I was able to give these guys a zero star rating, that's what they would get.  I was ordering Dos Equis and they kept on giving me Bud Light.  Once might be a mistake, but another bartender and another order makes it dishonest.  I guess they figured I wouldn't notice. Dishonest people/establishments suck.  Never again.I scouted this place out as the prospective future home of the Philly Cal alumni bar.
I really liked the setup, as each wall had 4-5 TVs. It also has a fair amount of open space, clean bathrooms, and lots of tables available for viewing.  $2 drink specials, along with some decent bar food kept me happy through the night (and it didn't hurt that Cal won 66-3)
An extra star to our server as she hooked us up with a big screen TV to watch the Cal game on. I almost thought I was in SF again, as I was able to watch the game on multiple TVs.
One more tip-call 2-3 days in advance to ensure that you can get your game on the tv schedule...we did and were able to get the Cal-Wazzou game on multiple screens, while a Florida fan had to plead to watch his teamI don't know why but I just love fox and hound. I always come here to watch the soccer games. Most times I can get a seat right in front of one of the huge tvs when if I went down the street to Fado I would have to fight tooth and nail to even get to a bar (and forget about being able to see a tv). I've only had a few snacks here. I love the cheese fries and I had a pizza which was pretty good. But I absolutley love the pretzel dunkers! They come in this neat come and have 2 or 3 sauces on the side for dipping. I think it's the perfect thing to eat with a beer! The only thing I wish is that they would have more vegetarian entree choices. Although I guess I can't ask for much since it is a smokehouse.Yeh. not sure how I ended up here, but I did. Whateves.
The crowd reminded me of why I transferred out of PennState to Temple and how much I hate people. Obnoxious people everywhere here really, and the service was slow and awful. Skipping beer that night, I wanted to just grab a quick meal and head to work while spending a few minutes with my sister and her bf as they watched the game. After being greeted by our server 10 minuted later upon arriving, she assured me the Salmon would tale 10 minutes to cook max and I could substitute the Jambalaya with vegetables. Vegetables as it came, after 20 minutes, were jus steamed broccoli with no seasoning whatsoever. Salmon was nothing but just old bay on it. The whole dish left me nothing shot of hunger and frustration. 
What bothered me most what the menu was not at all Pescatarian or Vegetarian friendly. Sure it is bar food but i'm sure not everyone who watches sports eat meat. Also, I don't think anything there is under 1500 calories, which should be an average person's whole days calorie count. Scary. 
Never again.A packed Sunday night during an NFL playoff game with great service. Okay bar food, no surprise there.Went there because it was the closest restaurant to Kimmel Center and have heard the name before and wanted to try. I am not a drinker, so I am ALL about food. Had the fish & chips, which were VERY mouth watering and fried lightly. The malted vinegar added to the flavor, as it should. The chips, also, delicately prepared and mayonnaise would have been a better alternative to ketchup. A first, for a U.S. pub. Even Elephant & Castle does not make fish & chips as well.
The reason for the lack of star is the sound. I know you are a sports bar. (Have been to many) - I have NEVER been to a place S-O L-O-U-D, you leave with a headache. We asked the waitress for a little assistance, she said they had just turned the volume down, but would  ask (HA!). 
I would go back for the food, but if the sound levels are not improved, I won't be going back.As you can see from my reviews I am usually a very fair person. I am not trying to be too rough on this place but it is possibly  the worst food I have ever eaten in Philadelphia or anywhere. We stopped by recently when a friend was in town because it looked to be fun and good and we didn't experience either one of those adjectives. I think I can easily say it was the worst meal I have ever had in Philadelphia. All three of us ended up taking a few bites and just paying the bill. I will say they have good deals on beer on Tuesday night and it is probably a great bar and place to drink but I would not recommend eating off the menu unless it is simple bar food like chicken tenders or something like that.....Everyone that works here is a prick. I've never had a good customer relation with this bar. Great location but awful bar .Excellent place to grab drinks with friends. Have good craft beers at reasonable prices. Also a great place to watch the games on the big screen, but don't mistake it for a sports bar. Atmosphere is fun and casual definitely a good place for a night out on the townThis is usually our fall back spot for office happy hours.  It's almost always a large group, so the size of F&H makes sense.  They carry a lot of games, which is nice.  But that's about where the compliments end.
The service is slow.  The food is bad.  And the crowd noise can get overwhelming.
Unfortunately, your options for sports bars downtown are limited.I watched the Phillies collapse here last season, along with about 2,000 other people. This place gets crowded. Really crowded. We came about an hour before the game and got one of the few seats remaining, but holy Hamels this place was stuffed. Getting to the bathroom required a lot of maneuvering. However, the food was surprisingly good and our waitress was on her game. Never waited long for a drink, food came quick...I seriously don't know how she weaved her way through the crowd with our stuff, but she did. Which made that night a bit less painful.i had to come back and change my rating after my experience at Fox and Hound last night.  i have been visiting this bar for 2 plus years now, with heavy traffic during the baseball post season.   I typically bring a group.  I know, by site, many of the employees ie: door staff, bar managers.  
With that being said, 7 of my friends  and myself were sitting at a table in the section in front of TV #9 and just had the worst waiter.  From the moment we sat down he seemed ill informed, rude and altogether unpleasant.  I asked for a pint, spefically referring to the 2.75 deal before 7 and he said the only special there is was a bucket of beers for $22.  Knowing this to be incorrect, i asked again and he went to the bar and confirmed what I already knew.  I attempted to pay for the drink and he asked the table for a credit card ( the other two ladies at the table were already eating).  I understand the policy to avoid walkouts but with two dishes already on the table all i wanted to do was pay for the drink.  A credit card was then handed over and we continued with our evening.  This issue came up again later when we closed out the credit card.  One of our party members didn't realize this and wanted to order some food.  We were now told we had to give two credit cards since we were technically at two tables ( two tables pushed together prior to our arrival) rather than  paying riight away.  The waiter then proceeded to tell us the table next to us complained we had not ordered enough food during the night to warrant a table.  Out of our party of eight only one person did not order food. 
In summary, he was rude, pushy and a poor server/saleman.   Perhaps next year's baseball post season will be spent elsewhere.The food was good and our server was friendly and attentive. We went in after a show at the Kimmel Center around lunchtime on a Saturday. The hostesses though, were terrible. When we walked in they were too engrossed in their conversation and ignored us for a good 2 minutes. When we finally got seated, the hostesses were MIA and people kept walking in and getting ready to leave because there was nobody to greet them and get them seated.We just went there for Monday night football. They had a great wing special and the beer was priced fairly well. The waitress however was the absolute worst human being/waitress we have ever encountered ever! She took forever to greet us and finally brought us a round of beers. 45 minutes later she was no where to be found. We went to the bar and ordered a round and when she finally came around she was visibly angry. She rolled her eyes at us, ignored us, and was a complete B#%ch. Never have I ever experience this kind of service ever. I officially hate this place for ever even consider hiring a person like this.This is one of the few truly spacious bars/restaurants in Center City Philadelphia.  I mean, this place is HUGE.  And it's pretty fun, too.  I've go here a lot with my grad school buddies when we have a large group because, well, no one else can fit us.  I've gone here with parties of 10-20 before, and they've always accommodated us, quickly and graciously.
This place is a typical sports bar inside, with pub-like decor and tv's all over the place.  I like watching the Eagles game here once in a while.  I also like their beer, mixed drinks, and food.  I usually order the burgers, but their appetizers are nice and unhealthy, just how I like my bar food.
If you're in Center City and want to go to a really fun sports bar, or if you have a huge group of people, then the Fox and the Hound is your place.Pleasantly surprised. My family was in town with two small kids and we wanted to eat somewhere in the neighborhood early Friday evening. It's not much to look at from the outside but the inside actually wasn't too offensively sports like (TV screens weren't in your face and super distracting. Also the music wasn't too loud.) Everybody really liked their food (Buffalo chicken sandwich, chicken basket fries, cheesesteak, free brussels sprouts). Happy hour beer prices were reasonable too. Service was a little awkward and inattentive. Family said they'd like to go back.Part of an event. This was the last stop. We're told that we couldn't sit in a section that the hostess seated us in.l because it was reserved. Ok cool like I understand that. Then we were told "good luck finding a table. Also we are unable to serve you guys food. Sorry". When speaking with a manager a waiter literally got in my bfs face and I intervened. Then on our way out here comes the waiter again running up on him. Hey Kudos to the front house manager Sean for keeping a calm and level head but shame on the lady manager and definitely the waiter. Terrible experience. Worst ive ever had. If I could ever prevent someone from going to a place for a beer, a burger, or any kind of fun/eventful night it would be this place. To literally turn away 60-100 paying customers is a complete and utter mind blowing concept to me. But hey look no further than the other reviews about this place. Definitely should heed warnings of others lol.A chain restaurant, but great for watching games.  Only problem I have with it is the chairs don't have backs at a lot of the tables - at least they didn't before the renovation.  Not sure what the situation is now.  Lots of space is helpful here.  Even a surprisingly good beer selection to choose from.Fox and Hound has a greated $2 draft list on Tuesday, but equally great specials each night of the week. Well-lit, screens everywhere, and plenty of seating, I really like it there. Tonight I tried the 50 cent wings and while I don't think that's much of a special, I still enjoyed every bit of my 10 medium buffalo with blue cheese. You can order in incremements of 5, which makes trying the different sauces easy, and easier with a group.
This is a sprts bar, if the "lots of screens" bit didnt make that obvious. When there is a full house, it gets loud, because it's a big house. I wouldn't want to be here on game night. However, the kitchen is very accomodating of special orders, and the wait staff is sweet.We thought the menu looked good , so we gave it a try for lunch . We both ordered fish and chips and expected  typical  bar food. Boy were we surprised , we had the best fish and chips we have ever had. They even permitted a salad french fries swap. We are new fans and will definitely be back.I'm not a sports fan, so I really shouldn't be here in the first place. But two dollar pints Tuesday is all too tempting, as well as karaoke. My roommates and I have attended a couple Tuesdays, because it is a pretty good deal, even though the selection of beer isn't that adventurous, and it's really not our crowd. I have never been here to watch a game, but some of the regular karaoke performers are pretty amusing.
Also, the sound in here is terrible, which makes it very difficult for any sort of conversation. There is so much audio coming from all of the tv screens, as well as music playing on one side of the bar, and then the karaoke on the other side. That is way too much! Nothing is audible.
I've had the chips and salsa here, nothing else. But the salsa tasted like there was a bunch of sugar in it- not tasty.I love Fox & Hound. It's my go-to spot to watch sports games. On Sundays it is legitimately packed with people, I recommend trying to snipe one of the booths. When it's packed like that you have no chance of getting through that sea of people to get to the main bar. 
The food is actually good here. Goes perfectly with a nice cold beer. The pretzel stix are to die for, def get them if you come here. 
We come here for the West Virginia football games for our watch parties. The GM, Sean, is so sweet and always makes sure we have a good time. 
The only reason I give it 4/5 stars is because I think the service could be a little better with the wait-staff. Sometimes I have to wait forever before I get a new drink. This girl is thirsty!!Solid spot to watch sports. Roughly 30 TVs throughout the bar. Bartender service was efficient but didn't eat so no comments on the food. One complaint though. Place is jammed packed for a MNF game with the Eagles, but it was hot as balls in  there. Gotta step your HVAC game up.Horrific service.  Our server disappeared in about half-hour increments.  Our table was filthy the entire four hours we were there as plates weren't cleared until the last minute.  We eventually ended up just going to the bar to get beers because we knew we would have to wait awhile for our server to even check in...went here once, never again.  if you just got out of college, landed your first "real" job and are still looking for that feeling you got in your frat house - like looking for an 18 year old boys ass to smack with a rugby bat - this is your place.  where guys come in with their office clothes on but wearing a baseball cap backwards just like they did back in school - bro.Beer selection is quite good. You'll find a decent set of American beer ( Bud, Coors, sam Adams, Lager, etc) and a really great array of crafts.  Not just goose island and victory, but really good breweries like troegs, dogfish head, and evil genius are represented. 
Unfortunately, it's possible that you'll have to wait a long time to order your beverage.  During the Sixers playoff game tonight, there weren't enough bartenders ( by a long shot ) to handle the demand from customers.  I saw people walk in and leave after a few minutes without buying anything.  That's  a sign of poor management.   That being said, you'll probably be okay most evenings as long as there aren't too many high profile sporting events on TVFox and Hound hates women and female athletes. The bar was empty and the manager refused to put on women's tennis. It was the US Open finals, and he said he wouldn't put any women on his TV in the main area. Don't know what this bar's issue is with women athletes, but it seems very unhealthy. To be clear, I am a man, but this was obnoxious.Oh, Fox! We've had many awesome Pint Nights together & your mixed drinks are the bomb diggity, including 5/8 when I met my soulmate on our birthdays, and we will meet again tonight...but, I have a feeling you roofied me. I hope this isn't true. Keeping my guard up.A-OK.  
 I love Fox and Hound's numerous 55-60" flat scrren TVs around every wall of the bar and dining area.  They even have 2 huge projector screens to the left side of the bar in the dining area.  This place is awesome to watch any major sporting event on TV, you will be surrounded by fans in jerseys!  
Food is typical bar food - burgers, quesidillas, wings, nachos.  Nothing special.
Service is not the best, but also not the worst.  Again, typical for a major sports bar.  
Best night of the week: TUESDAY all drafts are $2 which is killer.  Even the imports, what a steal!  
My friends and I always book our football fantasy draft parties here, they accomodate large parties well, have huge tables, and provide discounted apps & drink specials.
I recommend this place for watching games on huge TVs, and they have a pretty good beer selection for a sports bar.  However, I wouldn't go here if you're just hungry and want a healthy unique food item.  Also, it gets LOUD in there!  Expect that!  But I'll keep coming back, its so close to my house which makes it even more convenient.Fresh from Cali came here to watch Game 1 of the Finals. Drinks were okay. Service was friendly, patient (we ran into some guys who were completely inebriated but the bartender was completely patient- which I felt was worth acknowledging). The chicken wings were overdone though... Disappointed. But the  crowd was cool & the Dubs won so I'm not mad at all. Cool spot to watch sports and grab some drinks with groups.Fox and Hound is probably one of the largest sports bars in Center City, so we usually go to watch football and basketball games. The food is ok...standard bar food (burgers, wings, etc.). Some items are better than others. My favorites are the Carolina Burger and Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. 
Service can be hit or miss. It seems they're understaffed. It can be pretty slow sometimes, even when they're not that busy. The waitresses are usually really nice and always apologize for the slow service. 
I think the owner is trying to cut some corners to save a few bucks, which is what I think is their biggest problem. One time we went in the summer and they didn't have their air conditioning on, just the front doors were open. It was a sauna! Enough patrons complained that the manager/owner finally turned it on. 
This place has a lot of potential, but it seems management is holding it back.Two words: Sports Bar. TV's everywhere. LOTS of beers on tap. I'v only ever sat at the Bar for service and it wasn't amazing service, but it wasn't bad.
Food is average, but they have some ineresting sandwiches.
Overall, It's a bar that caters to a select clientel. I wouldn't take my family here when they're in town.First- Nice, big, and clean. This place has a great atmosphere on most given nights, food is terrific and their beer selection on tap is wonderful. The bar is a bit odd shaped and awkward when it is busy to sit on another customers lap basically but doesn't bother me. 
Second- As much as I love that it is a great sports bar, and that they are basically the only place in the city I know of who plays the UFC fights, it can get extremely, extremely to crowded in there. Almost makes it not fun, 40% of the people usually have to stand and are the in the way of everyone else. If being too crowed is their only con, I wouldn't keep it from making me try it out. The price range is OK at best, a bit on the expensive side.Not enough HDTVs.  Considering that this is supposed to be a sports bar, most of the TVs are regular-def.  HORRIBLE service.  Food was decent though.I always enjoy going to Fox and Hound with bunch of friends on weekends, I love F&H signature black forest..so good. Even better after remodeling and staff are excellent!So, I read all the reviews and I agree with most. I wouldn't go here to watch a game, its always too packed and you can't guarantee getting a good seat to watch the action. 
But, the one on thing I do recommend Fox and Hound for, is their Tuesday night pint night special. They recently lowered the cost of their beers to $2 a pint on Tuesdays from 11am-12am. That's right....13 hours of $2 beers. More importantly, its not just Miller Light that is $2, but rather they sell all of their drafts for $2. A GREAT deal, especially if you go with a big group of friends like I like to do. The service is never great, but if you're with good company, it makes up for it. 
Also, recently they introduced Karaoke at 9pm on Tuesday nights. While you have to be in the mood to watch people sing atrociously, I had a blast lastnight while I was there.
So all in all, not a great bar, but definitely A-Ok when it coems to their Tuesday night specials!Came here on Saturday around 7PM and it was packed. The Kentucky Derby was just ending which cleared out the majority of the crowd, but regardless if there was a big crowd or not you can barely hear yourself talk let alone think with how loud the TVs are. We ordered the boneless mild wings and chips and salsa. Both were just okay. The salsa is supposed to be their signature salsa, but it tasted straight from a can. 
They have a bunch of signature drinks, but nothing completely caught my eye. All in all, it's a good place to watch a game if you are with a group of people the energy is definitely high in here, but it really just feels ordinary to other Philadelphia bars.Just spent almost $70 on dinner for two which included a cup of soup, an app, and a main course. Unfortunately beers are over $5 even for domestics. Food was below bar food standards, service was ridiculously slow for a very un-crowded night. All in all- I would never come back to this place again.This place is a great sports bar. Our waitresses name was Brenda, she was super nice and fast! I loved the pretzel buns! What a neat idea. :)I know it's a sports bar, but they do serve food, so make it so you can at least swallow it!   Just awful. Stay away.Pint Night!
$2 for most any pint RULES. I got a Cherry Wheat Sam Adams and they put a little cherry in the bottom. Good and cute. 
The food isn't so shabby, either. Reasonably priced, too. 
It's not really my type of bar, but it seems that everyone in the world that I know goes here. I ran into literally 6 people I know from school (Drexel), which is on the other side of the city, oddly enough. 
Yeah, it's loud. It's a sports bar.
Also, it's a sports bar :-/Fox and the hound earns a mediocre 3 out of 5 stars because it is a run of the mill, dime a dozen, nothing special sports bar. This chain sports bar offers a lot of very good qualities and a lot of very bad qualities. It is depressing to think that this bar is the best sports bar that center city Philadelphia can offer.
Good qualities-
-Tons of TV's including a side room with a massive projector screen. Always a bunch of different games on.
-Very attractive and typically friendly waitresses. 
- Good amount of beers on tap
- Massive nacho platter ($10.95). Pricey, but huge and well put together. Wings are ok, but just ok. 
Bad Qualities-
-Overflowing with loud, obnoxious, uber fan sporting out of date Modell's jerseys. Each fan is trying to prove to the other that they are the most die hard fan who has ever existed. This can get old if your not looking for that type of environment
-Usually crowded and if you don't get a table it sucks. 
- Beware of beer "specials". Unless of course its tuesday for $2 draft night.I would just say that Fox and Hound is just your average sports bar.  Lots of TVs, decent wings, burgers and beer, but nothing that will blow you away.  The bar is very large so tables are typically open without a wait.  If you want a REAL Philly sports bar, go to the Philadium in South Philly, if you want a place to chill and have sports on around you Fox and Hound will do.no....go anywhere else...long long long wait for soup and s.p fries..hello soup...
ridiculous noise level but its a sports bar...thought this would be a quick ish stop...no...Reserved for a large party as a celebration. This place was great to host an event like this. Enough space and lots of TVs for people to have fun and drink some beer. Food wise, its good. Not the best but good.Ordered nachos with chicken and chili, not sure either were present. People next to us also didn't like their nachos, how do you screw up nachos?!  Have all the games though, only saving graceMeh.  It's fine I guess.  Ample seating and tons of tvs make this a good place to catch a game.  Beer list is ok.  Bathrooms are clean.  I didn't eat here, so I can't vouch for the food.
Overall, I didn't really see anything too standout about this place, nothing that offensive either.  Beers are a little on the pricey side - you can probably find a better deal in the neighborhood with a more unique atmosphere.I have become a fan of Fox and Hound.
Especially if you coming with a group their seating is awesome as well as their appetizers.If I could give zero stars I would. Tuesday night is $2 pint night and it's usually really crowded. The lack of bartenders and servers makes getting a drink next to impossible. I was with two friends all over 21 and after being carded at the door we waited at the bar for 15-20 minutes before a bartender even lookedin our direction. She loudly just yelled "I need to see all of your IDs" I nicely asked is there a reason and she then, even more rudely, said "because you look twelve." I am in the industry.. I totally understand double carding but the way she spoke made me want to turn around and walk out. While getting out our licenses she then walked away for another ten minutes serving other customers. By this point with waiting for a beer for a half hour and getting a huge attitude from the staff I was done. I can watch sports and get a cheap beer anywhere.. This is just inconvenient . Staff needs to learn to be nice and look like they're having fun.. This is a service industry........."Look to Yelp for my review." This is what I wrote on the back of my receipt. If you're wondering why I didn't leave a great tip, you've come to the right place.
First, I should say that I'm normally a decent tipper. 15% goes to waiters/waitresses who do the bare minimum on slow nights. 20% goes to those who go above and beyond and/or are clearly busy with many tables. I gave a little less than 10% tonight. The only reason it wasn't lower was because I think it was slightly more of a management issue than a waitress issue.
I say it's largely a management issue for several reasons. When we were seated, we were told that table zones were being changed. Then we noticed that she kept having to seat people and bus tables by herself. This wouldn't be frustrating if we didn't also see a handful of employees in the corner blowing up balloons. There seemed to be a great shortage of staff working on the floor.
Overall, it was a slow experience. It took about ten minutes for anyone to come take our drink orders. We ordered various drinks, and when our drinks came we were shorted one glass for water, and one of us didn't get a soda for about 20-30 minutes. Mind you, roughly half the tables were empty at this point (and did I mention the handful of people blowing up balloons?).
Same story with food. It took a long time for anyone to take our order. The wait wasn't too bad for the food, except one order of nachos was about 10 minutes later than the rest of the food. This meant we would either eat without that one person (rude) or our food would get cold before we could eat it.
We got our food, which was fine (maybe a little cold by the time we ate). But at that point (maybe an hour after we were seated) we still didn't have any forks or napkins. When they finally came (maybe 10 minutes after we started eating), we were given the to-go/disposable plastic forks and 1-ply flimsy napkins--you know, the type you'd get at Wendy's with salt and pepper in a plastic wrap. The table behind us, mind you, had the paper napkins you'd normally expect in this sort of establishment. This is another issue that seems to reflect management issues.
In fairness, tomorrow is SuperBowl LII. Nonetheless, we received poor service as a consequence of this management.
I will not be attending this establishment again. I don't entirely blame our waitress. She was at least apologetic of our wait time, etc. Still, we had a very negative experience overall.Our waitress was utterly horrible.  When we put in our drink orders, it took her 45 minutes to inform one of us that the beer that was ordered was out of stock, then when she put in a replacement beer order, the waitress brought out the wrong brand, and also the wrong size.  The waitress also lied to us when she forgot that we had ordered shots.  Any of us ordering water, or soda, also had to wait around 20 minutes just for drinks, and refills were basically impossible from her.  
Our food was brought out to us after other people who arrived later and had ordered the exact same things, so this was not a kitchen problem, but a terrible inattentive waitress problem.  Because of our slow waitress, around half of our appetizers were already cold before they even arrived at our table.  Also when our food was brought out to us, the waitress totally forgot to bring out one of our meals for an additional 20ish minutes.  
Several times throughout the meal we tried getting the waitress's attention, and the waitress would literally make eye contact and intentionally ignore us.  You had to basically clothes-line this waitress for her to simply do her job, I honestly hope she gets fired.
From reading other reviews, it seems like this isn't an isolated incident, but basically company policy to hire terrible wait staff.  So if they don't care enough to actually train their workers to do a better job than a class of 5th graders, I don't see why you should give them your money.
The only good thing about the Fox and the Hound is that the food that wasn't brought out to us already cold was delicious.This place was always a good hangout if looking for good specials and a place to watch the game, but it's become just like any other place with the elimination of pint night and other rest specials. It's always loud, and the food is nothing more than bar food.Well, many Pint Nights later I'm still satisfied. Just why at midnight on does it seem like they're out of every other beer? Just wanted to try something new. Atleast they never seem to run out of cider. :)places like this only stay in business because of massive TV screens and $2 pint night.I went here only because I couldn't find parking near Monks and I was in a hurry. I had the fish and chips... sorta wish I hadn't. The fries were fine and totally unmemorable. The fish was in a beer batter which I normally love but it seemed like the whole thing was sorta dried out. If I'm ordering friend anything, it better be delicious. 
This place would've only gotten 2 stars had it not been for their checker boards...Incredibly loud, after requesting for the volume to be lowered we were pretty much told no. Could talk to each other without screaming. Food is good and a lot of beers but environment is no good.So were were in town from Miami. We wanted to go to a sports bar and were recommended Fox and Hound. We got here around 4pm just when the Eagles game was finishing. We waited for this place to clear out so we can sit down and watch football. We found a table still not clean but we still sat down. The waitress came immediately and started cleaning the table. She even asked us immediately what we wanted to drink. She went ahead and got us a drink but never wiped down the table. I waited about 15 minutes and asked her to wipe it down. She came back and seemed to be handing me the rag until i looked at her and then she understood. So time passes by, we noticed the bar cleared up so we decided to go there.
We ordered more drinks. After we finished our drink, she did not come back to offer her us more drinks. We had to immediately continue asking her for refills. Also, we counted a total of 10 workers hanging out by the table to the far right of the restaurant, doing absolutely nothing. They looked more entertained with themselves instead of the customers. Even 2 employees were trying to hit each with towels. This is extremely unprofessional and who would allow this in there business? Lastly, the person in charge of the tv would always ignore us and had an attitude throughout the whole night.
So, we decided to come the next day to watch Monday night football. Way better night. Everybody working was very professional. Nothing like the night before. Sam and the other girl was our bartender monday night and they definetly took care of us and were extremely professional. 
If it wasnt for Monday night, this place would recieve 1 Star!There is only one reason to come to Fox and Hound. $2 beer Tuesdays. That includes Hoegarden, Victory Golden Monkey, Sam Adams whatever they have, and more from about 20 different choices.
Steelers fans gather here on Sundays for the game, as well, a plus for me at least.I love this bar. I only recently found out it was a chain but I won't hold it against them, much. This is the biggest bar I have ever seen in my life and the largest selection of beers on tap I have ever seen (couple dozen varieties at least). The have two huge projection TVs as well as TVs along the perimeter of the place all playing sports so this is the place to come and watch a game. The prices are good and they constantly have great specials running (like $2 tuesdays). The only thing you don't want to do here is eat, the food is pretty gross for the most part and you'll be better off just coming here for the giant selection of beer and checking out the game.I give Fox and Hound 5 stars for one reason. The TVs!!!
Fox and Hound and Cavanaugh's University City are the only two places around that reliably have NFL Sunday ticket playing all of the football games on every Sunday. The beer, wait staff and bar snacks are all done well to add to the experience.It's my fault that I had expectations that are contrary to this bar/restaurant's mission. This is the place to be to drink and watch the game(s), but this is not the place for conversation and an extraordinary meal. The food was above fine, and I don't have any complaints about it. But the service was super slow, primarily because we ate here in the middle of Sweet 16 and March Madness; the waitress clearly expected (and she was fair to assume this) that we would stay for the entire duration of the game like everyone else. But we were only here to eat and leave. She could not read our signals that we wanted to leave, and she did not check in with us often enough. We finally had to hunt her down to get the bill. Again, she was fair to guess why we were at the restaurant, so I'm not blaming her. As a sports bar, this place is off-the-hook. But as a restaurant, I was underwhelmed.Can't watch sports here. They play the sound WAY too loud. They won't turn it down either.  At half time, instead of the half time report, they had me listening to Disturbed "Down with the Sickness" and some awful Black Eyed Peas song with the volume still at "11". CVS is conveniently across the street for when you get a headache and need excedrin.
And the service is so slow.Just Ehhh, very crowded but there was no cover which is ideal for me. It was pretty large inside and there were several TV's playing college football. The food looked decent but we didn't order because we knew it would take a long time and we've have to stand and eat as the table are seat yourself. The drinks were pretty cheap and I'd probably give it another shot.I have been to this place on a few occasions usually for a sporting event. The location and set up are good but it is all wasted potential. The food is very mediocre for bar food and you might have to wait half the game just to get anyone to take your order. It has some of the worst service I have seen in Philly.I've been at the Fox and Hound twice and I doubt I'll ever go back for a third try. Friends and I stopped in before going to the Kimmel Center for a concert. We were seated quickly and since we had 90 minutes before the show, we ordered food. However, we waited 40 minutes for an appetizer to come out. Mozzarella sticks were barely above ambient temperature -- the cheese if it was ever melted, had restored itself to its native state. If not for the dark bread crumb coating, it would be impossible to say they ever were heated. We waited for the rest of the food to arrive... over 30 more minutes. That left us with less than 20 minutes to eat and walk to the Kimmel Center. But the travesty was that the cheeseburgers and pizza were also cold! The waitress did apologize for the delay, said "the kitchen was busy due to a large party" but I secretly think that was a lie. A busy kitchen just means more time to get your food. But COLD food means the waitress was lax in picking up her orders. The two stars are for the kitchen staff (would be more but my medium rare burger was well done) because I used my imagination to try to envision our food when it was hot and before the cheese resolidified.I've only been to Fox & Hound a few times, but it's a pretty good spot to watch football (minus all of the Giants fans that is). 
There is usually a drink special and their wings are amazing. 
I can't really complain, but I think it can also be hit or miss as far as the crowd goes. 
Did I mention their wings are amazing?For a mega sports bar in CC, you'd expect that every single screen in this place would have HD crystal clear quality and new screens which actually show decent color... probably about half of them do. 
Also, I think its ridiculous that during last night's Phillies game, they would charge a $5 cover claiming it was for the fight... a fight that nobody cares about... just look around and you can see that just about every single person had on a Phillies shirt. Unfortunately, the Phillies lost and won't go on to the World Series... 
The only reason why I don't give this a single star is that the wings here are actually really really good.People are giving unfair reviews on this place. It is absurd! This place should be called FOX AND THE HELL! The decor in the restaurant is okay, but nothing fancy. A couple of the televisions are enjoyable, but here are the major major problems. Firstly, if it is busy there is never anyone to help you get seated or get on a waiting list to wait for a table. No, you just need to walk in and either go to the bar. Secondly, they cancel specials randomly, one night was free buffet and there wasn't one, when I asked why I was told because some one reserved the table. Next, a bunch of the food is a little over priced. (just a little bit) The worst of all the waitstaff can be bad.! I have been in there multiple times and if you don't have a vagina, you are going to be waiting for beers, appetizers and everything else. (it is especially annoying when you can't even get a beer!) Lastly, when your waiter can't even remember to bring out simple things like plates and napkins, it is rather pathetic. (And this review is overdue I have been in there a few times over the past couple of years and it hasn't changed.Fox & Hound has the trifecta - excruciatingly bad service, horrible food, and a terrible atmosphere. Let's just say it's the worst sports bar, neigh, worst bar in the city, and still, still - it's always packed. Which makes me happy, cause those people that are enjoying this place are making room for the rest of us at the other places we're enjoying. Absolutely nothing to recommend this place.Walk in....a total of 8 people at the bar. 2-3 bartenders working. Takes them a good 20 minutes to acknowledge anyone in our party. This is why people don't go to this bar haha. Staff actual people that want to work! actual bartenders! not people who walk around pretending to be busy.Ordered drinks...place was busy but we waited exceptionally long for our food order. Finally got our waitresses attention....and she brought out ICE COLD food! I strongly do not recommend fox and hound!Terrible.  Not a smokehouse menu anymore.  Greasy fish and chips.  Hamburger roll-like steak sandwich - VIOLATION!  Awful music.  Cold environmental temperature.  Bathroom attendant - tackarama.  Flat beer.  A local professional sports team was playing, but none of the numerous TV's had the game showing.BBQ chicken pizza is pretty good.  Pretty average sports bar with one unquestionably excellent feature... tuesday night pint nights!  All draft beers are $2 and the selection is pretty good.  Nothing really crazy on tap, but more than just the big three. You may want to get there early if you have any intention of conversing without yelling.  And if there is a Phillies/Flyers game... good luck!There are so so so so so many better places to go to in the area. Skip over this one. 
I don't ever write reviews, satisfied or unsatisfied, I usually keep my opinions to myself and just spread the message to friends and family about my positive or negative experience by word of mouth.
Well, this was a little different. Went here on a Friday night, probably around 7-7:30 PM and I should have been alarmed because the place wasn't very busy as many other local competitors were. 
For starters, it's so damn dark in the booths, I strained my eyes after I was done reading the menu and I only glanced at it for fear of developing an astigmatism. I get the dimly lit vibe at the bar, but you should at least increase the lighting for diners. 
Anyway, My wife ordered the grilled wings. As opposed to the deep fried wings. She's pretty health conscious, so whenever we go out she tries her best to enjoy her meal, but also opt for the healthier alternatives, if presented. I ordered the sesame chicken in ginger (I forget the exact name)
Wings were clearly fried and not grilled. Server had no idea what we were talking about. She sent them back and brought out the exact same wings that were nuked in a microwave. Still unsatisfied my wife inquired about the grilling process. Waitress had to consult the cooks to find out. She came back and explained that they are fried and then grilled. WTF? Extremely misleading. Wings were awful. My chicken was good, but I could have made better at home. I won't even give this place another chance. There's just no point. No potential, seems like if the owner put in the effort or cared about this establishment, it COULD be an OK place to go catch a game.When it comes to sports bars in Philly, there are generally three types. The bad ones, the absolutely abysmal ones, and an excruciating embarrassment (aka Chickie's & Pete's -- the one near the stadium). Maybe that's why Fox & Hound actually seems like such a great place to watch a game and grab some pub grub.
Is it the best sports bar ever? No. However, after sitting through one of the more miserable experiences of my life last March at the excruciating embarrassment (see above), I left and headed on over to Fox & Hound. Aside from being snowed in by the street plows (and then given a parking ticket, obviously) I had a great time.
They had all the NCAA tourney games on, with sound, and I got a seat at the bar just before it started to REALLY get packed. I also thought the food was pretty decent, although, anything would taste good compared to the disaster on a dish I had at C&P's.
They don't have an amazing beer selection, but I think it's above average. I happen to enjoy Magic Hat beers (especially #9) being a native New Englander and all, so that made me happy.
Basically, if you want to go some place to watch THE game, there's a million places to go. But, if you want a place to watch ALL the games, go to Fox & Hound.Pretty good place.  I thought it was a little cozier before the change but the 2 dollar Tuesday deal can't be beat.  While we were there a bum came in and stole our tips on the Bartop which was really weird.I went here with a friend on a Friday night, the beer was cold and service was great! I didn't try any of the food, as I was simply there for drinks late at night.  The beer special was $4.00 for a 22 oz Blue Moon, a good value in the Center City/Rittenhouse area of Philly.  Kudos to the attentive and cute waitress that made sure my friend and I were well taken care of!The only reason I am knocking them this time, is that they bailed on us.
I called Wednesday to get the Cal football game on the TV schedule. The person on the phone told me that we were all set for the game for Saturday.
My group shows up Saturday at 6pm and turns out that they couldn't get us the game either because it wasn't listed in the schedule or because of technical issues.
I will look into giving them another chance in the future, but this unreliability is somewhat disconcerting.Supposedly a "Steelers bar"...I don't believe it.
Nothing about this place says/supports the Steelers or Pittsburgh sports teams.  This prevents offending native Philly folks during the week (or the off season) but allows them to move the tables out of the way, jack up their prices and throw the Steelers game on the TV...I just think it's a scam.
I've never really been impressed...the food is all fried, frozen and not all that tasty.  Drinks are average if-not overpriced.  Parking is a nightmare, especially on the weekends.  I went here a few times and was never really impressed.If I could give 0 stars I would. The service here is absolutely terrible. I walk into the restaurant and no one is there to seat us. We have never been there before, so we didn't know if we sat ourselves or had to wait for someone. We stood there for about 5 min and no one came, so we decided to seat ourselves. We sat there for about 15 min and no one came to wait on us. Come to find out, a girl with long blonde hair was supposed to be at the front when people came in to seat them. She kept getting up from her chair and walking into the kitchen or to talk to other workers. She literally got up 5 times. Makes sense why she wasn't there when we walked in! You would have thought that of the, let's say, 10 servers that walked by us...they would notice that no one even came to us to ask if we have been served. I was so mad, I stormed out and left. I will never go to this Fox and Hound every again. Completely unprofessional workers who don't know what they are doing. They lost our business that night!A great alternative to eating at a shithole like Applebees.
Their appetizers are great, as is the selection of beers available. 
According to my mom, the music in the women's room is unbearably loud... I can't, however, back this up.Easily one of my favorite bars in all of Philly. So many beers on tap and they have a ton of TVs. The best time to go is on Tuesday nights because all their beers are just $2! Can't beat that at all! Plus, if your a Michigan Football fan as myself, this is a good spot to watch the game.You won't like this bar.
This is the kind of needlessly oversized sports bar they have in the 'burbs, across the street from the mall.  I mean, come on, they have a mouthwash dispenser in the bathroom.  You can feel the STIs and hair gel hanging in the air.
But you should suck it up and deal with it, because on Tuesdays they have $2 drafts for most of the day, and that's the best deal you'll find in the city.  Yeah, sure, you can get $1 PBR at Tattooed Mom's on Sundays, but the drafts at Fox & Hound are not PBR.  $10 for 5 pints of 60 Minute is unbeatable.
As long as you don't make the mistake of buying the full-price (and unremarkable) food, you'll come out having a cheap and fun night.
And don't forget to use the mouthwash before you leave.We watched the PPV fights here during a weekend visit to Philadelphia. It's a huge sports bar with plenty of seating. The food was just okay, although definitely better than the stuff that Bdubs tries to pass off as food. The drink list was extensive. Service was spotty. That makes sense though considering how frustrating it must be for waitresses to deal with PPV fight customers who sip on their Coca Cola for four hours and leave a $2 tip.I've only been here after work on a Tuesday, specifically on a Tuesday for their $2 Tuesdays. Shortly after finding out about this special, they eliminated this offer. Could it have been me? Was it because I drank so much beer there that I ruined it for everyone? This still troubles me to this day. 
I've never eaten here but won't be coming back to try because they got rid of $2 Tuesdays, boycotting until they bring it back, which will probably be never, which means... I'll never come back.This place has its ups and downs. Usually its a good place to gather a group of friends and get some food and drinks. Usually.
However, from time to time groups of belligerent people enter in vast numbers and ruin it for everyone else. 
Another thing is that they often put the volume of sporting events so high that it literally hurts. There is nothing better than watching sports and hearing the announcers voice screaming in both ears at a piercing volume.
About the food. The food is top notch and I would go there just for the food.Great sports bar. Huge TVs, large space. Reminiscent of turtle bar in DC, and similar to buffalo wild wings. Ordered the buffalo wings...they were OK. The buffalo sauce had oregano or some dark colored spice thats not usually in buffalo sauce. Wings were good size. 
Decent beer menu. Prices are probably average for the neighborhood. 
Service was prompt and friendly. Nothing overly impressive. 
I would recommend for watching sports games.Last night, my husband and I went to Fox & Hound before the Philly Pops concert (which began at 8 p.m.).  We got to F&H at 5:50.  There was no host/hostess to serve us.  And no sign which read "Seat Yourself".  So we waited for a few minutes to see if anyone would acknowledge us.  By 5:55 no one had, so we decided to seat ourselves at one of the booths along the back wall.  THAT is when the hostess came over, placed two cocktail napkins on the table and told us our server would be with us in a few minutes. Erin, our server came over almost immediately, took our drink order and hurried away.  15 minutes later she brought my husband's beer and my club soda.  She asked if we were ready to order. We told her we were waiting for one more person to join us but we ordered an appetizer (potato skins).  On the menu there was a choice to add either chicken or pulled pork, but before I could say "with chicken", she hurried away again.  Mind you, this restaurant was NOT crowded so I don't think she was rushed to help any other customers.  She brought our appetizers around 6:20 or so, but NO plates, napkins or silverware.  5 minutes later she brought ONLY TWO set ups.  I reminded her that another person would be joining us so she went and got another set up.  Our friend arrived at 6:30 and we all ordered our main courses at 6:35 (Caesar salad with chicken, steak tacos with side of sweet potato fries instead of nacho chips and a cheese burger with regular fries). At 7:30 the salad and my tacos were finally served. But the burger came out around 7:35.  My tacos were ICED COLD and instead of sweet potato fries, there were nacho chips. Erin offered to replace them with the fries but I told her we didn't have time to wait. BTW, When she took our orders I'm pretty sure I saw her write down the fries on the order form.  While waiting for the final meal to arrive I told my husband to ask for the check so we weren't delayed any further having to wait for it after we were done eating.  We didn't get out of F&H until almost 7:50!  Thank goodness the Kimmel Center is basically across from this restaurant and that we already had our tickets.  
Although the food was ok, the service was not and it was unbearably slow!!  And the bathroom was dark and dirty. I don't think we'll be going back any time soon.Fox & Hound is a sports bar in Center City. They have all the pay per view sports events as well. The bar does have a lot of flat screen televisions and a decent surround sound to watch all the games. The problem with this place is that the food is awful. The burgers are really bland. If you are looking for to watch the fight or non local sports game, this place is not bad but other than that there are much better bars in the city to go to.You can't beat the TV coverage at this massive sports bar. Some may find the fruit flies and the musty beer smell reminiscent of their fraternity days but it may leave others feeling flat. Advertisements for $3 beers can be misleading as you actually have to be a member of a club to get that price? Still not sure I understand.....typical bar menu with lots of offerings and food that is to be expected st a sports bar.Ugh. All the bars/restaurants had a half hour wait so we wondered into F&H before a show. Holy gravy!! We waited about 45 minutes for 2 burgers and the place had so many empty tables. I was definitely jealous of a nearby table that sat 15 after us, had their food AND were paying while we still waited for two greasy burgers. I felt bad for our waitress because it def was not her fault. The main reason for the review is bc if you have a show/tickets you might want to try somewhere else so you aren't late. 
Btw--the food was pretty much like any fast food place. The inside had great TVs for sports and plenty of large size group seats.It's your standard Fox and Hound. This one gets more crowded than others due to the location. 
If you're an out-of-towner and you want to watch your team, odds are that there are a few fans from your flock here. 
The prices are alright, the food is average. I've had my share of bad and good servers. 
It gets loud as hell sometimesThis place was a lot of fun. The food was alright. Nothing your run of the mills TGIFridays wouldn't have but it was enjoyable nonetheless. There is an extensive drink and beer list. Its very loud and the type of place that really is perfect for watching sports and hanging out with a big group of friends. There are huge TVs everywhere so no matter where you are there  is a TV you can watch the game on.I have been to this place twice since moving to philly. I really enjoy the atmosphere. There are plenty of large screen t.v.'s to view the day's games. The beer selection is above average and they have a rotating selection of microbrews. Tuesdays is the best bang for your buck, all draft beers are 2 dollars, including the microbrews. 
The kitchen was a bit slow and all I ordered was chips and salsa. Also, the waitress did not know which microbrews they still had that night. Every time I ordered a beer she came back and said they were out. Finally I asked her to go talk to the bar tender to let her know which beers are available. Maybe they were out because it was 2 dollar draft night, so I won't hold it against them this time. 
Overall, this place was great to hang out with friends and watch the game while having a beer.I don't know why I come here. It's like watching a movie hoping for a different ending.  It's always the same-- somewhat low quality service, overpriced food items, and not-so-good bartenders often.  
When I go for lunch with co-workers, it's not as bad (its only saving grace).  However, I don't think I'll be back here again, at least for a long time.Great sports bar!!  Definitely a place to watch the game. Great food, drinks and atmosphere.Most people have already mentioned this but I will sum it up.  Come here on Tuesdays for $2 drafts of anything on tap.  For beer lovers, this is well worth dealing with poor service and awful food......bartenders are extremely uninformed (or maybe just don't care) so you can expect a full pint of any beer on tap, including the high octane 8% ABV beers.  Not a bad deal at allThis place is ehh. If you like to drink, go there, if you like food that is tasty then don't go here. Simple as that. If your drunk their yuck food will be perfect for you because your no idea what disgusting food your pumping into your stomach.Great place to grab drinks and watch sports. Friendly staff all around. Didn't have the best experience with their food and it's nothing to rave about. I don't know, I should have ordered the safe option and gotten the wings, but I decided to try something different and order the sizzling chicken fajita entree.  Wouldn't order it again and should have gone to somewhere like Applebee's for that. On the other hand, my bf was smart and ordered a crispy buffalo chicken sandwich and I obviously ate his fries and they were cold and really "whatever" I'll come back for the drink/happy hour specials.$2 draft EVERYTHING Tuesday nights... It brings out the 'fresh out of bachelors degree' crowd, just as an fyi.  Good beer draft selection to choose from - not just the macrobrews on tap, which included a Bethlehem Brew Works choice!I was there with my fiance and a few friends this past Friday. We were hesitant to come to a sports bar for dinner, but we were starving and just wanted to eat. Our server Paul was hilarious and so pleasant. The wings were a little dry, but it was no problem asking for more sauce. We all had burgers that came out perfectly.The drinks were reasonably priced and our beer pours were great. Definitely would come back again.This place is huge & so cool looking (not so sure about the red lighting but ok). Had lunch with a friend here the other day. Food was good kind of like a T.G.I.Fridays menu but with their own special twist. I had the new Castle Brown Ale Cheese soup, very smokey, super cheesy, pretty good overall. Service is SUPER friendly. I like this place a lot.
I have yet to make it out to pint night over here but I'll definitely be making the trek over one of these upcoming Tuesdays.the food here is awesome. i mean it's bar food but it's done well. can't beat the portions and prices. it's a huge bar and lots of TVS. cool spot to hangOk I like Fox and Hound, I ordered food from them prior to going on the Margarita March this year. The food was average as were the drinks. However when you attend those Bar Crawls and I'm not criticizing Fox and Hound but I am talking bad about the crawl spots. PLEASE BYOB and just march.The liquor is not even bottom shelf yall..its basement shelf waaaaay back under the steps. They pre mix them with really less than desirable liquor choices.I'm contemplating going on the Mojito March with some friends, I may just bring my own rum along and ask for a virgin.While in town for a mini vacation my family went here for dinner.  The food was very good, but the thing that stood out even more was the service.  The food came out quickly and cooked just right.  On top of all that, our server Tamara, was one of the best servers we have had in a long time!  She is an asset to Fox and Hound for sure!!  I hope her bosses see just how valuable she is to their organization.  She had a smile on the whole time and was very personable.  Great work!!I have been to this place on a few occasions usually for a sporting event. The location and set up are good but it is all wasted potential. The food is very mediocre for bar food and you might have to wait half the game just to get anyone to take your order. It has some of the worst service I have seen in Philly.$5.00 23 oz. Blue moon special on Sunday.  They had a lot of specials throughout the week.  Good selection on drinks.  They have a section of specifically bombers.  Menu says caloric information and has good menu descriptions as well as pictures.  Very busy for game day with plenty of t.v.'s throughout the whole restaurant.  Along with the menu, you are given a printout of what is showing on which t.v. along with squares where you can write down scores or notes.  Good place to party it up!Big open sports bar that has a ton of TVs and can pack people in.  They do have some interesting specials during the week, but there are a ton of better places to go for deals than this place.  The food isnt bad, but not worth the hassle of everything else.  
When the venue is busy for a sporting event or sunday funday, they seem to constantly be understaffed.  Unfortunately, this turns into poor service and frustrated servers.  I don't blame the individual servers for this, but rather the managers.  The system is broken and they refuse to fix it.  I have visited about half a dozen times, since I live in the neighborhood (despite repeated poor service), and each time I leave I am kicking myself for spending money at such a poorly run establishment.  There are a ton of other places in this city to get a pitcher of budlight.  Seriously, this place turns profit like it's going out of style.  Hire a few more servers OR sit down and figure out how to run your business correctly.  
The larger the party, the worse the system operates.  Be prepared to ask for separate checks or have Venmo fired up with you get the bill.Yeah, this is not one of my favorite spots in Philly.
I was here with a group of people and one of the redeeming qualities of it was that there were televisions everywhere.  After that though, the good things sort of tailed off.
For a massive sports bar, there is a halfway decent draft list.  Of course they are pushing mass market beer specials at you but I was still able to get a Hop Devil on draft.
Unfortunately, my food experience was not that great.  I ordered wings and frankly, half the batch was undercooked.  Actually, I stopped directly biting into them for fear of getting sick.  I did politely inform the waitress and she brought the manager over.  He listened to my concerns and was accommodating enough account for their mistake.  We settled on half price for the wings since I ate half of them.
If you want to watch a game and you want to be in an ultra packed bar with cheap beer specials, this might be your place.  For my money, I think there are better spots to watch a game in Philly.This is an okay spot for sporting events, but that's about it. The food is mediocre and the beer selection isn't stellar. There are much better sports bars out there if you venture off the beaten path.Awful service, waitress took 20 mins to come to our table on a dead night (about 20 people in the place)  waitress refused to split our check, made us do seperate checks and was so stupid that she didn't notice we tipped her. Worst service ever, shut this place down.Good place to watch a game.  Abundant TVs with most games that you would want to see. Food is decent, standard bar food reasonably well executed. Good service.  One thing to note is that this is not a place to go to watch the Eagles. This essentially turns into a Steelers bar which needless to say does not make for the best environment.Looking for a spot to have a drink while you wait for your play, musical or theater time?  Check this place out!  It was a little walk behind the Kimmel.
It's a big sports bar, and we only had a drink, but the pleasant greetings by the ladies and bar keeps, plus having moscato at the ready made me an insta-fan.
My SO also loved the variety of the beer tap (New Castle is apparently not everywhere #whoknew?).  The music was fun and low key, the big TVs for all the sports fans had the game of whatever you wanted to check out on, so he was sold.  I loved the picture of Muhammad Ali that was part of the decor.  Just one of those things that do it for me when it comes to sports bars (tee hee).
I would go back again (for the famous Tuesdays for $2 night) and maybe for some food because the pics that you Yelpitos have of the mac and cheese looks wildly tempting.Too cold. 50 degrees inside.  Food less than desirable. Prices not great, but possibly average for the neighborhood.  I know they are working through some new hiring- good. Service could be improved along with numerous other aspects. Overall, it's a large sports bar- with ample TVs and beer selections.  
I suppose to its credit, to attempt much more is futile. It attracts the type of crowd that it attracts. 
A good choice for your beers, wings, football. Bring a sweater. Order two beers for you and your "imaginary friend" and sit and enjoy. Not a bad spot; However, just not living up to its potential due to poor execution and lack of attention to detail. Salsa sucks.  It's not even as good as canned Tostitos- i can make 100x better in five minutes. 
I predict with better staff, slightly better targeted advertisement and better management, this place could end up being extremely successful. If it's going to stay just an NFL bar, it will only have its seasonal success.Oddly enough, when I've been here on nights that haven't been super crowded, the service has been pretty awful. But I was there this past Saturday during the NFL playoff games. It was incredibly packed, even though I always saw Fox & Hound as a Steelers bar. Seemed like a pretty large Ravens crowd that night. Despite the overcrowded-ness that night, the service was much better than previous experiences. Servers checked in on us frequently and didn't mind us moving around (to get larger booths as they freed up - we had a 4-person booth, with 7 guys). Plenty of TVs around the bar. One was on the 6ers game. The others on the Baltimore-Denver game. A couple switched to the Green Bay-San Fran game when that started, but still have more than a dozen on the Ravens game.
The food was also good (burgers). I'm not disregarding me previous experiences, this review is just based on my most recent experience.I went with a group for beer and a few appetizers. The chicken roles were really good and I would recommend them. However, while the service was friendly it was a bit slow and the specials were very confusing. Seems like a nice place to grab a beer and a some bar food though.I only had drinks, but their beer menu was decent and the prices were great especially on specials.
I really liked the atmosphere. It's a larger bar (normally philly bars are cramped) with plenty of open space and a ton of flat screens. We watched several different olympic events on multiple screens. Definitely a great place for sports!We ended up going to Fox and Hound randomly to watch the USA vs. England world cup match since the Fado block party was jammed and Monks doesn't have televisions. 
Now Fox and Hound was covered in World Cup decorations, but yet they didn't seem to have any extra bartending staff for the game. The result? It was nearly impossible to get a drink, and the bartender didn't help matters be being completely incompetent.Tuesday, 1:30 lunch w my daughter. Waitress brought menus. Never informed us of beer special or beer list and walked away. Ten minutes later i flagged her overcand asked for a beer list.  Then waited approx. 7 minutes til she returned to take our orders . I ordered pretzels as an appetizer and our lunch specials. Twenty minutes later she brought our chicken tenders and cheese quesadilla.  No appetizer. She said the pretzels wld b out shortly. Should have been out before our lunch. As far as the food. Chicken tenders were overcooked and dry. My cheese quesadilla was overflowing with black beans. I cldnt taste anything else. Overall lackluster meal and service!!!