Thanks for the shaken up delivery Francoluigis! Half the pizza has no cheese! But still delicious anyway!A neighborhood gem. Been living in South Philly for many years now and never tried to eat inside. We finally did tonight. It was delicious and come in excellent portions. You'll never leave hungry. Glad it's in our neighborhood!I brought my parents there for an important anniversary. We brought a cake from Isgro's. A really expensive cassata. (Bringing your own occasion cake is not unusual in the neighborhood.) A big cake. They served us cake, we paid our bill, they gave us the rest of the cake in its box and we left. when we got home, I saw that the cake had been reduced in size way beyond our eight medium servings. They served OUR cake to other people without asking or telling us! I could not believe it.! Maybe they even charged people for it, who knows? Other issues: the food was okay. No one will confuse them with Le Virtu. The singers were the pits compared to Victor's. The service was mediocre, at best. Spaccones! Never again.This was my first time trying South Philly pizza, and it was something special. We ordered a plain cheese pizza and sausage/mushroom pizza. Both were good, but I'll always remember the sausage. Loved that it was sliced sausage rather than crumbled or ground. It had so much good flavor. My friend patted her sausage with napkin, but I thought it was just fine--a little grease adds flavor :)All I can say is Party in your mouth! Great spot and the specials are always award winning and you can't loose with the live entertainment.We called ahead to order a tomato pie and a cheesesteak pizza, and they had it ready for us when we got there. Its hard to find parking in that area, so i suggest someone stays in the car while someone runs in to pick up if you are not eating it. The tomato pie's sauce was very tasty. The cheesesteak pizza had great flavor. We actually put ketchup on it, and it truly tasted amazing like that.Best. Pasta. EVER.
My husband and I came here on a friend's recommendation (husband was craving a calzone, and my friend lives in South Philly). We immediately felt welcome (it was like hanging out a friend's place, cuz they would randomly talk to you and you could overhear their crazy conversations) when we stepped in into the take-out part of restaurant, and since no one was sitting in the nook with a few tables, we decided to eat there instead of running back home.
I perused the menu and landed on one thing: ziti tebaldi. If you know me, you'll know some of my favorite things in the world are artichokes, sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil, and lemon (though not garlic, but I wasn't complaining). There was no question what I was going to order.
The first bite was heaven. It was a fairly large portion, but it was more chicken than pasta, so all was well. My husband got this GIANT ham-and-cheese calzone, which was also very good, but I liked my pasta better, haha. =P 
Definitely coming back!I really love the High Note Cafe. I had the most amazing seafood Fra diavolo here. Huge portion too. The opera singing was so beautiful that I didn't want to leave. I will certainly be back to try some more dishes on the menu.Very good pizza, but other reviews are correct in slow delivery time - however there is no need to get angry about it, just know it as a fact, and don't order delivery if you are in a rush.Fantastic local place. Pizza is top notch. Had the margarhita. Crust was perfect. Garlic knots for the table was over the top.Hands down one of the pizza places in south philly. Not to mention they are one of the only two places I will eat Italian food in the city.We are so happy to live within walking distance of Francoluigi's!
It's really two places.
One is the pizza takeout place, the one we have known for a long time.  As others have mentioned, the pizza is hard to beat.  But the best part of the takeout is the extensive menu.  When we have a large crowd of guests, we just call up the takeout menus on the website and let each person do their thing.  We can personally recommend the pizza, wings, grilled salmon sandwich, and tuna Italiano (hoagie).  Visitors from California rated the cheesesteak the best in the city (and they sampled cheesesteaks from various places every night they were in town!).  By your second visit Nick the counter guy will have you feeling like family.
On Saturday we tried the High Note Café for the first time.  We were entertaining friends who wanted traditional Italian with atmosphere, and they were blown away.  Others here have done a good job of recapping the excellent dinner menu.  We were amazed that we could select from very good wines, all priced at $22.95.  On bottle was on special for $19!  In a city where restaurants are highly competitive, that is the type of thing that keeps customers smiling, and returning.  The opera singing was very good, and adds a special element to a fun evening out.  We cannot wait to return.We LOVE this pizza! Always ready when we pick it up and super hot! Mamas home style is awesome and we also love sausage and onion! Great local place. Two thumbs up!I was born and raised in New York, and I moved to Philly for my job. At home, good pizza is just around the corner, and pretty much on every corner; whether it's in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and even Long Island (where I'm from). Pizza is a staple in my diet - the ultimate comfort food. Since moving here I have not found a decent slice of pizza, and I will not stop until I find something that even slightly resembles the deliciousness of New York pizza. So, if you're serious about pizza, follow my reviews, because I'll be reviewing every pizza joint I eat from to let you know what's worth it and what's not. 
That being said, this pizza stinks. It's not even really pizza. I ordered a "traditional" pie with half mushroom and a "white" pie. The traditional was of the typical Philly variety: chewy and gross (dough tasted under cooked). The mushrooms weren't from a can, so that's a plus.
The white pie was nothing more than dough and mozzarella cheese. No ricotta. No taste. No good. Now, it was delivery, but that's really no excuse. Back at home I ate quality, whether it was pick up, delivery, or sit down. Delivery also took just over one hour. 
Don't bother with Francoluigi's. I threw out the remaining slices. Couldn't even justify eating it cold.For music lovers. Great food and wonderful entertainment.  We stumbled in during halftime of March Madness at the Wachovia, just a couple stops up on the Broad St Line.  They treated us great and served us delectable Italian food.  Then suddenly our waitress took the stage with a piano player and belted out a couple numbers!  Lots of opera and jazz memorabilia.I have been to the High Note several times this past year - once for a birthday and once with family.  I have learned a few things: 1) food is excellent; 2) DO NOT even whisper during a song; 3) order the homemade desserts; 4) bring many bottles of wine.  The service is wonderful, the environment is perfection and the musical accompaniment is great.  Never a disappointment!Mario Lanza & Buffalo Chicken pizzas are great. Wings are pretty good too.I came for Opera Night on a Wednesday.  The pre-fix meal was nothing short of amazing.  The best Caesar salad I have had in the city so far.  The pasta was perfectly cooked and believe me I soaked up the sauce with my bread.  Grilled vegetables were lovely.  I had fish, again, very good.  I also had two very excellent margaritas.  Dessert was canoli - the filling was out of this world!
The service was very good.  I think there was a new trainee that night who seemed a bit hesitant to do things without being told, but overall they did well.
The opera on for the evening was Carmen.  The singing was ok.  I understand they may do more opera nights and have a variety of arias/duets instead of a full-on show.  This may work better to have more of a variety of singing.  
The only drawbacks are getting a reservation, and parking.  You can only call for opera night reservations on certain days and during certain hours. The restaurant is not large so reservations go quickly!  It's a flat fee of $20 for the opera night, then $25 for the dinner. Drinks, tax, and pre-charged 18% tip are extra.  Their website says they will pay 50% of your valet parking bill at the Fountain, but street parking can be had with some extra time and planning (allow an extra 30 minutes for that).  
Apparently I need to go back and try the pizza, as the pizza business was super busy when I arrived.  Thanks, High Note Café!This place is amazing! I heard good things from a friend and their pizza's the best in south philly(which I order on an almost weekly basis) so I figured I'd try out the restaurant.. Couldn't have been better.. Romantic!! Dim lit, romantic Italian music, candle light, then more music which was performed live by an cool ass OLDschool Italian playa on the accordion and the OWNER of the joint helpin him out on the vocals! That's what I call puttin the love into your business.. And the food! Fogettaboutit! If you don't like this place, then you don't like Italian food.. I grew up wit an Italian mother so I'm a tough critic and this place just flew to the top of my list..I think that their pizza and wings have to be some of the best in Philadelphia, however, it is the god awful service and attitude that have forced me to write this review.  They are literally two blocks away from me, and yet they are never able to get the food to me in under an hour, or even an hour for that matter.  However, that is not the worst part, it's the attitude and total disrespect that these people have that is so infuriating.  
I called them two weeks ago to place an order, the gentleman that answered the phone said in an incredibly rude tone, we don't open for another three minutes, and we're really busy, you need to call back in an hour.  I didn't.  This weekend my fiance and I decided to give them another chance because their pizza is really that good.  After waiting for an hour and 15 minutes, I decided to call and see how much longer it would take. Having worked in the restaurant industry myself for five years, I always make sure that I am understanding and polite, so I feel that the man's attitude was undeserved.  He told me it had only been an hour and three minutes and that I need to relax.  Unbelievable! First of all, how dare you tell a reasonable and calm customer that is asking a totally valid question to relax. And secondly, I am extremely concerned about this man's telling time skills; that's a fundamental skill for working in the restaurant industry. You would think that in this economy people in nonessential industries would want to be as pleasant as possible to loyal customers, however, this man does not see it that way. 
Pizza places are ubiquitous in South Philadelphia; you'd think these people would want to stand out as not only having great food, but providing the community with great service.  I will never order from this place again.  And I suggest that others refrain from patronizing this place as well.  Poor behavior should never be rewarded.The pizza here is totally awesome. Philly is home to several varieties of pizza, which I think can be grouped as the following (sorry if this sounds inaccurate to some people):
1. Gourmet - Any of those new fancy restaurant guys' pizzas (Stella) or any sort of upscale-ish type pizza (Dock Street).
2. "Greek" - I think this is the name for it. It is that greasy thin crusted stuff found in a lot of pizzerias (Fairmount Pizza)
3. "University City / Drexel" Style - This is sort of a cross between the "Greek" style and NY style, but its generally pretty awful. I think this is mainly due to the fact that they are selling the pizzas in bulk to Drexel or to drunk kids.
4. Hilariously large pizza - See Lazaro's or Lorenzo's (strangely similar names...)
5. What I call "normal" pizza - This is probably called NY style by most people, but whatever. A good example here is Angelino's in Fairmount.
Francoluigi's pizza falls into the fifth category, and it is pretty much the best that this category has to offer. It may be the best pizza in the city overall. The crust is nice and soft, but still crusty. The sauce is just the right combination of sweet and garlicy and savory. The toppings are super delicious. We ordered the "South Philly" pizza. This is a supreme or what my mom calls "garbage" pie. It has basically everything that you expect on an awesome pizza, plus some extra stuff. We also ordered the antipasto, which was basically the standard Italian antipasto, but really good. Pizza may always be hanging out with salad, but this time I was glad to have it around. I'm probably not doing it justice with this description. The best I can say is that I've lived here for 10 years now, and I've tried a lot of pizzas. This is at or near the tops.
The only criticism that I have is that maybe it could use a little more sauce, which I'm sure would be remedied if you ask for it. Also, they're pretty far south, but they still deliver to CC, which is pretty great.
I haven't tried the High Note Cafe yet, so I can't say anything about that, but the delivery pizza alone makes this place one of my favs.Francoluigi's is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. Great crust, nice and greasy from the pepperoni and always delivered fast. I've only tried a few pizza joints in philly but when I find a place I like I don't venture elsewhere. 
Onion rings are awesome. Cheese steaks are also great. Awesome value and always good.I have been a customer for years and let me tell you: DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT order anything fried from this place. It just sucks. I don't think they ever change the oil. Anything you order that is fried comes with the same color and rancid smell. Also, whoever is cooking now, does not think for a moment that fried stuff needs to drain a little before you put it in the container. Disgusting.friday night. memorial day weekend kickoff. the baby goes to bed early. mom has one cocktail too many....
so of course an hour later i'm insisting my husband find me a pizza, immediately. not content to wait an hour or more for delivery, i tell him to just order whatever's closest to home. side note: i'm generally the make-it-at-home, whole wheat dough, low-fat organic cheese kinda gal. but sometimes you just gotta have a slice. or three....
enter the franco and luigi's delivery guy. we got one big plain cheese pizza and one tomato pie. both were shockingly fabulous. and that's not the alcohol talking. our backyard full of friends were unanamious in their agreement: CHEAP, GREAT, a total south philly surprise.
the extra large pies were awesome - the next morning, with a dull headache, i whipped up 'pizza eggs' - scrambled eggs with cheese and onion that i threw on top of the leftover tomato pie. a rare stroke of genius. yum....We had a group of 12 for a business dinner during the week. We went family style and the food was fantastic, plentiful, well made and beautifully presented. The music and singers added so much to the dinner. My clients from Texas loves the authenticity, the tastes and atmosphere as did all of us!!
Lots of fun, great food and super accommodating professional team. Franco, you are at the top of your game!Finally!! After three months of trying all the places around south Philly I have found my new pizza spot delivery took a while but it was worth it and pizza was hot. Prices are right and thin crust  great sauces pizza was perfectThe High Note Cafe is a truly magical experience that everyone living in South Philly should try a least once. For the second year in a row, my friends took me here for my birthday and the place did not disappoint.Our server Steve made me feel really special, singing "romantic" songs way better than the traditional happy birthday. I recommend you bring ten friends, 10 bottles of champange and let the staff entertain you. The food was really good but honestly, it could have been total crap and I don't think I would have noticed. 
My roommates and I often order delivery from Francoluigi's and it's some of the best pizza ever. So yes, I recommend both the High Note and Francoluigi's!Best tomato pie I've had in the city!
Sicilian Tomato Pie: AMAZING (and vegan). I always request the slices without crust because I want to get as much of the sauce as I can 
Staff: super cool, always seem to remember the regulars
Gnocchi: just like your Italian grandmother's 
Also, I once had a rando guy from the neighborhood start talking to me about how he's been going to this place for 30 years. Everyone else getting pizza from there seems to be just as loyal to the business--that's when you know it's good. 
And this place is only a block from the Tasker-Morris stop--great for a grab and go slice on the way to a Flyers or Phillies game!I came to Philadelphia on a business trip. One of my coworkers heard that High Note Cafe was a great place so we decided to check it out. 
When the taxi driver dropped us off, I was surprised that it was in a regular neighborhood - not on a main street. As we walked in, there was a counter for ordering pizza to go. The server met us and brought us to a small dining room. There were about 10 or 11 tables and most of them were full. 
My coworker ordered fried calamari for all of us - four of us. The fried calamari was terrible! It was overcooked, very chewy, but the marinara sauce was delicious. 
The server brought us some dinner rolls - knots specifically. They were burnt and bland - no seasonings. 
I ordered the shrimp scampi over linguine. Now, this was really good! The shrimp and pasta were perfectly cooked. I love wine/garlic sauces and this one was amazing. I nearly licked the bowl clean. 
The owner (I assume he's the owner) sang a few opera songs while we were eating. I'm deaf so I didn't really care but my coworkers said he was really good. There was also a pianist. Everyone there were very nice and friendly. 
I would go back - only to eat the shrimp scampi over linguine if I was in the area again.I wish I could give this place a better rating, but unfortunately, I can't. I came here last night with some co-workers for a goodbye dinner, and we all left unimpressed by the way the owner and manager treats his staff. We thought the food was ok (though my sandwich wasn't that great), and the ambiance is all right, but we were turned off by witnessing the owner's behavior. For example, we witnessed him address the bus boy on duty as "Bus Boy", not by his real name (Shane). Also, when our lovely waitress (Kim) attempted to accommodate one of our party with a dish request that was not on the menu, he came by and flatly stated "No. Do you see that on the menu? No, we're not doing that." Kim said on more than one occasion that it was a new menu and she was unfamiliar with it. In my opinion, if you make a new menu, you need to acquaint your wait staff with it so that they know what folks are ordering. Also, it allows them to give recommendations to patrons! The last kicker was when three people in our party wanted to pay for a portion of the bill with a card instead of cash. We were initially told that this would not be a problem, but when the check came, we discovered that the bill would be split equally into three, once the cash had been subtracted, but they would not allow them to each specify how much to put on each card. Not cool. So, I'm sorry to say that I do not plan on being a patron of this establishment in the future. I'm sure I can find a better Italian place in South Philly to spend my money. (P.S. Yay Shane and Kim!!!)Cute little Italian spot with good NY/NJ style Italian food for a great price! 
Food - I had the pizza both times I was here and it was great! Done perfectly - not too soggy, but not too crispy with a great amount of flavor. The baked ziti was great, but the penne that came on the side of the chicken parm didn't really compare. They give a complementary order of garlic knots, which came out a bit cold, but nonetheless tasted delicious! To end the night, we shared a cannoli, which was scrumptious!!  
Service - Great! Our waitress was very attentive and helpful - I told her that I was a vegetarian and she did a great job explaining the menu. Everyone let us enjoy our dinner without any distractions even though we were in the aisle. Also, I called in to make a reservation a few hours in advance and explained that I'm coming from a distance so I may be a little late to the reservation, and the gentleman was very understanding and said he'd hold me a table regardless! 
Ambiance - Cozy little restaurant with a live pianist to set the mood. Could get a bit loud and "busy" in the sense that there are a lot of staff walking around in a confined area, but it didn't bother me one bit.
Location - You walk in through the pizzeria and then into the restaurant. Not in the heart of the city, but one good thing about that is that it's easier to find street parking. 
Boyfriend gave this place a 3.7/5.The best ever.    I drive here from the far northeast part of philly worth the drive the red pizza could win awards   Anthony and NatalieUp until the time I moved to Philadelphia, I had all but given up on pizza as being nothing more than drunk food or something employers use as some kind of meager reward for working serious overtime for little to no pay. Exploring the neighborhood, and upon recommendation from my new roommates, I happened in and had two slices.
Now, I use Francoluigi's as a reason why some of my closest friends should move here. If I go in with other people, even if I've eaten already, I get a slice. I wouldn't describe myself as a pie connoisseur, but no one visiting has crossed me on my decision to make the short walk over.
On top of the food, the people working behind the counter seem to treat everyone with great appreciation for patronizing the business even though they could totally get away with being jerks. Even if I move out of South Philly, I will make this a stop whenever I'm down in the area.Roast Pork Italiano Pizza - the rabe, the sharp provolone, the pork, the perfect crispy and chewy crust.Great, go-to pizza. Terrible customer service. Still a loyal Friday night customer despite the numerous errors in orders!My favorite pizza place in Philly!!! The guys are great that work the pick-up area. Friendly and personal! I got pizza to go, next time I'll dine in!Why are there not more reviews on this place? The food, immaculate. The singers, spectacular. The decor, delicious. Where else can you get dinner and a show this far away from Broad St. and this far removed from the 1920's? Just bring your own bottle though and pay the corking fee. You'll be glad you did if you had to sip one of their aged grape juices.Late night meal. We sat outside and enjoyed among the last days of summer. A beet salad and a pizza. Oh, but what a beet salad. And what a pizza.  
Some things just go right. This salad was fresh, with a bevy of greens, walnuts and a crumble of goat cheese atop it. But top it we couldn't. It just seemed to be perfect without trying hard. 
Then the pizza. The crust of the pie is the king. The cheese and sauce are somehow in balanced ratio. I am not a foodie, per se. But I can use per se in a sentence and this pie was delicious. Not delicous, per se, but delicious. 
The chef sat outside nearby, with friends and family and he chatted with us periodically. He was very nice and it only added to the pleasant ambiance. But the food stood on its own and then soared. We loved it. 
You know what I mean and I mean what I say. Try this place out.  You'll be glad you did.We just finished our leftover Sicilian tomato pie and I feel heartbroken. I have had leftovers of various menu items numerous times, but it was only recently that I was able to try their food fresh. I'm a big fan of their pesto goat cheese salad and the tomato pie. 
I planned on ordering the round tomato pie per Abby W's suggestion, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. I went with the Sicilian, and could not have been happier. This pizza does not need cheese, I'm convinced there is nothing that could make it more delicious than it is. 
My stepdad and boyfriend additionally scarfed down nearly 30 wings, which were large and meaty. 
Not only is the food amazing, the owner was working the register and phones and he was extremely nice. 
I'm looking forward to eating in sometime to experience the opera, but if tomato pie isn't on the in house menu, I'll have to get one to take home.Very cute neighborhood restaurant. Staff is very friendly and inviting. The homemade bread is so good. I had the veal parmesan which was very good and filling. The portions are huge so be hungry. Gotta go back and try the pizza before leaving town.Was sad they didn't have live singing anymore in the dining room. I called like a year ago (my bad) and they said yes, on Friday and sat nights. But I guess they don't anymore. I asked our waitress and she said once a month they have concerts, check the website, but i did and I see nothing there.
Also, not a 'fault' but the music they were playing was (personally) atrocious smith weather channel jazz. Honestly I do believe most people would prefer classical, opera or standards like Sinatra. 
The decor is dated, but fine. 
Our cheese pie was ok at best. The Caruso with chicken cutlet and ricotta had no flavor, zero spice or zing. Good Crusts. I had to get up to ask a server for parm and red pepper, and again for a water refill. 
There's much better pizza in south philly. The prices were ok for pizzas. 
It's byo for wine which is cool and can save you some dough.I have not eaten here, so this is not about the food.  I'd noted sometime back that Wednesday was jazz night here and finally got out the door and walked over. 
It was an odd night as it's Rosh Hashana and a lot of the usual jazz crowd was not there, so they said. There was a woman at the piano, a man singing and one couple in the restaurant at 9:00 PM. 
I ordered a glass of wine, but was told that I would be charged a $30 cover charge if I didn't order that in food. $30 for jazz is fine if I'm in New York and have albums by the artist, but this is Philadelphia. Come on. 
I promptly walked out.Spent a lovely Valentine's date here. We had early reservations at 5 and they had a table ready in the lovely Italian cafe attached to the pizza parlor. It's truly a hidden gem in south philly. You wouldn't even know how nice it is by the outside. The live jazz in the background set the perfect mood for the dinner. 
We split a bottle of Malbec and looked through the menu. I ordered the eggplant and tomato pizza and my date got the chicken and shrimp rigatoni (special) which was phenomenal. We finished dinner with heir chocolate covered Italian ice cream. It's not on the menu but you can ask for it.
The dinner was cozy, private, and couldn't have asked for better!I enjoy this place so much. It's an old school establishment with solid pizza. The night we dined in, there was a guy playing the piano the entire time we ate which I wasn't expecting, but enjoyed it. The service is a bit on the slow side, but in a way that allows you to enjoy your meal without feeling like you're being pushed out the door. Our server made us feel like we were regulars. The vegetarian pizza is overflowing with onions, peppers, and a whole bunch of other yummy veggies; we couldn't even finish the whole thing; always a plus!Update: got a pathetic, angry message from the owner the other day calling me an idiot. I hope he's in full meltdown, because he's a turd and his restaurant is disgusting.I love this place for its amazing food, awesome service, and intimate atmosphere.  A must visit every time I am in Philly.delicious!!!! and very warm environment love that the servers sing. just nice to not sit too close to the pianist when one server sings. he's good but loudI can not attest to the High Note Cafe and my review is only for take out pizza/ beer.  But this is the best Pizza I've had in Philadelphia as far as take out goes.  The Homestyle Margherita is just the best.  AND-- they have 6 packs and will give you a glass of wine sometimes while you wait.  I moved out of the delivery area and I will never forgive myself.The sacchetti here is never on the menu but usually offered as a special. It is really great. A bit disappointed tho that the last time I went they weren't doing the waitstaff/opera singing. Instead they had a guy on the piano who I couldn't hear when sitting in the elevated section.My husband and I have been going to High Note for many years.
We almost always have an excellent meal, and always-always enjoy their great service.
High note is so named because the owner is a huge fan of opera and music in general. The walls are padded with photos of all kinds of well-known musicians and singers from all over the world, many of whom have met the owner and/or dined at High Note. There is live piano music which is lovely, as well as singing from the waitstaff, who in addition to being well versed in Italian cuisine, also happen to be professional opera students. I have been to other Italian restaurants where this same musical ambiance is attempted, but none can match the quality and professionalism of High Note. 
One of their signature dishes is the Bolognese alla Bergonzi (baked riggatoni), which is the point of my dining experience. When it is good, it is one of the best--no the BEST--Italian dish I have ever had in my life!!! When it is off a little, I want to cry and wish I hadn't made the trip downtown to bother. They have a family recipe which somehow adds cinnamon or something totally unexpected to the sauce and just completely lights yo up when you eat it. It is so so so good. Nothing like it ever when they make it well. My husband has enjoyed a sampling of many different dishes and specials, but I always go for the same.
We also often get their antipasto which is $15 but HUGE, absolutely will feed 4 people easily. It is excellent every time! Fresh made bread is also wonderful, even better dipped in olive oil with a little salt, ''molto buono!'' Italian desserts are classic standards and well done. 
I did learn recently that I may have to call ahead to make sure they have my Bolognese alla Bergonzi because they were out once recently and I was heartbroken. So if you have a favorite make sure to have a back up, or call ahead like me.OK, so Franco & Luigi's might not be the greatest Italian fare you'll ever taste, but it's perfectly respectable and some of it is downright memorable.  More importantly, F&L's has all the right moves for a first date, romantic evening or just an unforgettable dinner with friends.  For starters, the space is cozy and the ambiance is warm (think brick walls, low lighting and intimate tables). But the show stopper? The wait staff sings opera. Live opera. I mean, come on. That's undeniably charming. Add to that attentive and friendly service, plus your own favorite bottle of wine, and you've got the recipe for a great night out.Great food! But we asked them not to ring the doorbell, but they did anyway, sending our mouthy dog into a frenzy.Some of these reviews (especially the older ones) can be misleading. Half of them are for the carryout pizza place and the other half are for the fine dining establishment. As it turns out, these are two very different things, and the first time we came here we were very confused. Not in the mood to spend a ton of money, we decided to just get pizza in the pizzeria part that you first walk into. The pizza was not bad, kind of average but pretty good by Philly pizza standards (which are admittedly not that high (it's okay, California pizza is worse)). 
The second time, we decided to try the fine dining part. It's a nice date place: cozy and intimate, and you wouldn't feel weird dressed up or down. The sporadic bursts of opera sung by the waitstaff make for a very entertaining and unique dinner experience. The free garlic knots are delicious and more importantly infinite, and the salads are HUGE: the single serving is more than enough for 2-3 people, and the 2-person antipasti salad could probably feed a small African country (Lesotho, perhaps). We shared a crab bruschetta salad, which was essentially a heaping pile of crab meat on a bed of lettuce with a light vinaigrette - delicious. The entrees were your standard Italian fare, tasty though a tiny bit pricier than most Italian BYO's in Center City. The Puccini-belting waitstaff makes the extra couple bucks worth it, though.I went here for dinner a while back with 3 others. We went on opera night which I thought would be an interesting and enjoyable evening. The food was good....not great or amazing, but good.  So throughout the night, waiters and waitresses would get up and sing. I thought this was a novel idea but it seemed like every ten minutes someone was singing. That would be great if you considered it background noise. They don't consider it that way. If you talk to your co-diner, you are glared at by staff and customers alike. We were chatting in low voices but we even got "Shh'd".  The owner ( I think he was an owner) even made a public comment about listening to the singing. Look, I'm out to dinner with friends and would like to enjoy their company. I would like to enjoy some music as well but not the entire dinner. I have never felt so unwelcomed in a place I was spending money. I will never come back.Somehow, living in Philly my entire life... I never heard of Francoluigi's (GASP) until my girlfriend, from Florida told me it was great. Then I ordered a pizza from here. Well, yeah... it's great. 
The end.My girlfriend and I absolutely love this place. I'll start off by saying that the service is great. The people answering the phone are easy to speak with. They confirm what you say and always get the order right. A lot of pizza shops in this city have surly workers on the phone; you know, places where you can't hear what the person says, rushes you during your order, and then hangs up abruptly, leaving you wondering if you're even going to get your order. Not at this place! Delivery time is average - I think this place is usually pretty busy. 
On to the pizza. I will be so bold as to say that this is the best pizza I've had in Philly. Just perfect, really! The sauce is great, not sweet like most pizza in this city (eugh!), and I appreciate that. The toppings are super fresh and tasty, the cheese is excellent, and the pizza is always cooked just right! This place is very consistent with their food - never undercooked, never too doughy, and never burnt. I must get at least two pizzas here a week - it's that good. I haven't had a pizza I didn't like.
How about other food? This place has pretty good food besides pizza. The hoagies and hot sandwiches are killer. I really dig the chicken parm's, although they can get messy if you get them delivered. The fries are kick-ass. The wings are OK - the sauce is pretty good though. They're nothing to write home about, but then again I'm kind of a wing snob and I usually make my own. The wings are still better than 90% of the places in this city (this city has crappy wings!).
TL;DR - Best pizza in South Philly hands down, good sides, hoagies, hot sandwiches, friendly AND consistent service. I'm glad to have such a great pizza shop close by to my house. Francoluigi's sets the bar high!There are many reasons I am thrilled to be back in South Philly - and one of them is pizza.  You see, ordering pizza in West Philly was always a gamble that often failed - most of the stuff out there is sub-par and overpriced.  
Getting Franco & Luigi's delivery is maybe the best. thing. ever.  They're quick, delicious, and surprisingly, reasonably priced.  This weekend we ordered the 18' traditional margherita style pizza with an order of 10 wings.  All of that for about $20.50 including tip....amazing!
Their pizza is made with quality ingredients - a delicious plum tomato sauce and cheese - none of that greasy, ketchup sauce and cheese.  Oh, and the wings.  Lightly fried, with the buffalo wing sauce on the side, so the wings don't get soggy in the delivery.  Genius.
Between F&L's and Slice, the (pizza) life can be pretty good down this way.Great selection of food and wine.  The New York Pizza is my favorite.  You can order out for pick up and delivery in the neighborhood or walk in and either order a whole pie or pick from the selection already made.  The restaurant's selection of choices and wines is excellent.  The owner is awesome and proud and should be proud of his establishment.   Look for the music and concert nights. Mangia!My girlfriend and I got pasta to take out. Now we have to take my dad there to eat in, because it's just old school enough for him. He likes his Italian food to be what you'd have gotten 40-50 years ago, when he was a kid. If we take him anywhere that has too much Tuscan or modern influence, he doesn't enjoy it. This place does the Italian-American classics and does them right.
I had linguini alfredo and she got gnocchi with broccoli rabe in a blush sauce. Both had top-notch pasta. The sauces were mild but flavorful, maybe not quite enough oomph in the blush sauce to stand up to the broccoli rabe, but still enjoyable. Tasty, soft, fresh garlic knots came free with our entrees, too.
I was circling the block while the girlfriend ran in to get our food, so I didn't see it, but she said the pizza looked good. We'll be back to find out for sure.My problem with this place is that I have stopped enjoying pizzas from other places after eating it here about 13 years ago. They make simply the best pizza in South Philly. I don't know what it is that makes them so good;the dough or the tomato sauce or the oven or all of the above. I have been here over 400 times and not once have I been dissapointed. Until last week, my favorites here were Mama's Homestyle and Pizza Caruso. That changed on wednesday, when I tried their Zuchini Pizza with Goat cheese. If you are in South Philly, you have to visit this place. You will not be dissapointed.So being that this joint is in my neighborhood, and I have have heard such rave reviews I decided to walk in and see the what the fuss was about...
Upon first glance from their modest outdoor signs, the place looks on par with your neighborhood pizza joint, but upon smelling the beautiful aromas of freshly baking bread and nicely browning toppings you know there's something special inside.  
I decided to order two slices of their zucchini, goat cheese, and mozzarella pizza.  My only deduction of a star comes here since the pie was resting a storage case and reheated upon order (I figured a fresh pie would have gotten the 5 star stamp of approval).
Even at the reheated state, the pie was GOOD.  They reheated the pizza a little too much for my liking, but nonetheless the freshness of the grilled zucchini and goat cheese was really evident from the first to last bite.  Best part was the price tag...$4.50 snagged me the two slices.  At California Pizza Kitchen (the only low point of my home state), $4.50 gets you table bread and iced tap water.  You can only image what fresh goat cheese and zucchini will run.
Lastly, the people there were great.  The owner is normally manning the ovens, and he sings at the High Note Cafe located right next to the pizza shop.  Francoluigi is another great find in Philly.  I also intend to check out the High Note Cafe in the very near future.Fantastic plain pizza. I've had this pizza since I was a kid and they haven't changed and its a good thing. Call for delivery!If it it was woo hoo as good as it gets, I'd probably be somewhere in Brooklyn right now but I have to say over the years living in South Philly pizza tends to surprise me.  Having been used to seriously huge slices of Sicilian back in NY, this square pizza was just the right size plus the meals we ordered..Gnocci with red sauce and the mussels were on par too....great for delivery!The streets of South Philly are alive with the sound of  music and the smell of fresh garlic rolls ! I had the pleasure of experiencing one of South Philly's hidden treasures  on Saturday night -March 28th . This hidden gem is called High Note Cafe' 1549 S. 13th street on the corner of 13 th and Tasker  it's masked by the adjoining pizzeria Francoluigi .(Same owner ) .'What a treat for your eyes as well as your stomach . Italian comfort food at its finest . Pasta in a sauce that  can only be described as morsels in clouds so light and filling . The perfect combo of a red sauce and a white sauce . The fried calamari is like no other melts in your mouth . The garlic knots are hug for your insides . The fresh mozzarella with the fresh bruschetta is a symphony all by themselves . And the dessert was a decedent ending to a fabulous meal . If the food it's self isn't enough to get your mojo a going the entertainment by Kenny Gates and his 88's was fun and soothing as we sang along and enjoyed our dinner . The whole experience was a scene out of any classic Italian movie . My words doesn't do this establishment justice , the proof is in the establishment . #bellisimoThe tomato pie is out of this world!  (Sorry Santuccis! :) 
Seriously though, savory, doughy crust baked just to the perfection of crispness , with vibrant, bright tomato sauce.  Get the broccoli rabe! Comes sauteed with olive oil and a hit of lemon.   
We always get delivery, and have never had to endure the crazy waits I have read about.   
So glad to have this in my neighborhood!Seriously the BEST calamari and pizza in south philly.Called 2 hours in advance for a delivery and it was an hour late. Food was ice cold when I got it. They didn't offer to refund my order and acted like they never did timed deliveries before. Just admit that you screwed up and do right by your customers--that's how you keep people coming back. Won't be ordering from them again.I stopped here for lunch and got the chicken Italian with the broccoli rabe and sharp provolone and it was seriously delicious. The employees were super nice and the service was quick!I think Franco Luigi is among my favorite pizza in the whole world...their white pizza with swirls of ricotta, broccoli and/or spinach, and mushrooms is the BEST!  And their crust is so good.  Mmm...As far as (South) Philadelphia Pizza is concerned, this is hands down my top choice as far as taste, consistency, price, and overall quality are concerned.  Whether it's their standard classic cheese pie or the buffalo chicken pizza with ranch dressing (FAVE), we always leave here satisfied.  The staff are friendly and there's always a quick turn around.  ALSO! If you're ever in the mood to make your own pizza, they're happy to sell you some fresh dough for less than $3. Bargain! Screw "Slice"--Francoluigi's is as good as it gets!Dining area was so nice. great service. Food is delicious and not too expensive. Loved the jazz pianoExcellent pizza. They have a tomato pie on their menu that is vegan friendly. Great idea if you want some quality pizzaTruly a Passyunk gem!! Live music, great food, friendly staff. I couldn't ask for more! This is one of my favorite restaurants and I love that they have options between the 'high note cafe" and the carry out/pizzeria area so it is easy to get served for a quick bite if you are pressed for time.Rally good pizza, the mamas homestyle is awesome. All of their food is good, service/delivery is average at best.I'll have you know, this is the BEST pizza shop in Philadelphia. The staff here are great and super friendly as well respectful. They are quick and surely reliable. Easily my number one go-to for pizza.Love the pizza.  Come by to pick up a slice all the time.  I've never been to the restaurant side of the business, but the pizza menu is amazing and I love the takeout menu.  
When calling in for a pizza the there usually is quite a wait.  Usually around 30 minutes.  I think this is usually because there very busy.
Service is great.  Live around the corner so I bullshit with the staff anytime I'm in.   At one point I hadn't gone in like a month while trying to save money and the owner had asked me "where i've been".
The sicilian pizza and tomato pies are among my favorite.  I'll order a  pie and before a shift and my coworkers love it.  They're specialty pizza's are excellent as well.I've been ordering pick-up and delivery quite frequently from here for about a year and a half and I'm never disappointed.  Don't be discouraged by the long delivery times- there's a reason they're in such high demand and that's cause I have yet to find a better pizza in South Philly (with the exception of Lorenzo's, but they don't deliver).
The pizza is just so wonderful and the pepperoni they use is the real authentic spicy stuff, cut fresh.  I've had some other menu items from here- the cheesesteaks, meatball subs, salads, etc.  And they're all equally as satisfying and tasty.  Note:  don't order a cheesesteak for delivery cause the cheesy goodness will probably soak through the bun by the time you get it- just pick it up.  
Never dined in here, but would love to try some of their pasta dishes some time.  Also, Sundays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays they have a great deal of 2 medium pizzas for $15.Not a bad thing to be said about this neighborhood gem. We made a reservation early on Saturday night and didn't need it (for 5pm) but just wanted to have it in case it was busy.
The roasted beet salad was amazing, and definitely shareable sized. I then had linguine in a red sauce with lots of seafood... AMAZING. My husband had a chicken dish with artichokes and lots of other good stuff. Food was soooo good. The portions are huge, I took some home and had it for lunch the next day.
Will definitely be back there again when I'm in the area!!This pizza is our go to in South Philadelphia. Always hot, always fresh, always delicious. Great Variety on the menu.Enjoyed my lunch - ordered veal parm and gnocchi with broccoli rabe. Ambiance was pleasant and the restaurant was comfortable without being pretentious - service was attentive and mostly accurate. Parm was crispy, good amount of cheese, and solid marinara sauce. Spaghetti accompanying it was also positive though a little bit oversauced (it's flavorful so why so much?) Gnocchi another story - powdery in the middle and hey, it's difficult to make I understand, but not something I would likely order again. Would like to try their pizza!Just received our order, after we found out that they had forgot part of order I called them back and was told by the girl on the phone that it wasn't her fault and they're not going to send the driver back. So here's one  customer who won't be ordering from this place againI swore that a restaurant featuring singing waiters would be an awful, gimmicky, retarded thing to do, up there with one of those restaurants where you watch teenagers with long hair joust while you sip Pepsi from a metal cup.
Instead, it was... kind of cool. Plus, our waiter really was incredibly nice, casual and conversational. The food wasn't bad (everyone else's stuff was great, I had a so-so manicotti, but I've never had amazing manicotti in a restaurant, so I don't hold it against 'em), and the place is BYOB. 
Someone else could tell you if there's a corking fee, someone else at our table picked up the check.Years ago, I used to love Franco and Luigi's pizza! Haven't tried them in a long time. Will give it a shot again when I'm back in South Philly! 
Looking forward to see has the quality of the food gone up or downMy favorite pizza joint (aside from Trios)  in the city. I live in NoLibs and sometimes I will drive down to South Philly JUST for their flawless traditional pie. I've heard the tomato pie is to die for as well. I will definitely be trying that int he near future. ALSO, the guys behind the counter as super friendly.This place is amazing!! I'd give it a 7 out of 5 stars! My wife and I were looking for an authentic Italian restaurant in South Philly. We decided to go here after reading the Yelp reviews. We walked in and the restaurant was empty (we didn't know they open at 3pm on Sundays). It was a wonderful experience to have the restaurant all to ourselves. We both ordered salads (Caesar for my wife and garden for me). My wife said it's the first time in a long while that she's had a REAL Caesar salad. I ordered the steak pizza, which was exceptional. My wife had the chicken primavera, which she enjoyed a lot. The food was so rich we had to box our leftovers (which I'm looking forward to eating!). We shared the chocolate moose cake that didn't disappoint. Our server checked on us frequently to make sure we were well taken care of. We're looking forward to the next time we eat here!Consistent, high quality pizza. Never had a bad pie here. Takeout beer to boot!Best chicken cutlet roasted red pepper n sharp provolone sandwich I've ever had...the meatballs are amazing as well!! Kudos to Francoluigi...perfection!!!Great food every time I've been there...the live music/opera/showtunes is fun, and it's byob. Their tomato pie is good to order out.I don't know if they hired a new cook or there is new management, but the last 4 times we ordered delivery we received the wrong food, sodas were forgotten, there was way too much cheese on an undercooked pizza or gnocchi in blush sauce that tastes fishy. What happened? It was our favorite place to get Italian delivery, but now we won't waste out money again. At this point it just seems like they don't want our business.Just got pizza delivered from here for the first time.  Best available pizza delivery I've had in a while, especially in South Philly.  Affordable and very quick!Very nice. Friday and saturdays they have live music. Staff was very helpful and nice for our party of 14 people. Portion are large so make sure you are hungry. The pizza was very good. Two of the pasta dishes were just a tad overcooked. I would eat here again.Friday afternoon, my boyfriend's mom texted us. She and her husband were thinking about coming into the city for dinner and were we free?
Usually every Friday night we get pizza from Francoluigi's and it's something I look forward to all week. What would I do without my pizza on Friday?! (actually I eat the tomato pie now that I'm vegan.) Rather than getting our usual takeout pizza, I suggested we all meet at Francoluigi's -- actually, the sit-down restaurant part of the establishment is called High Note Cafe. Same food, same owner, same building and all that. WIN-WIN.
I'm so happy with this decision because I feel like I made a wonderful discovery that was literally right around the corner. All the times I stopped in to pick up a pizza, I'd hear music coming from the open threshhold to the right, but because of how the pizza counter is situated, I could never quite see what the High Note Cafe was like. Well, I learned Friday that it's awesome!
I can't say enough about our server, Anthony, who was so friendly and outgoing and efficient. I had my beloved tomato pie, my dining companions had things like mussels, pasta and a few other eats. Three of us had martinis, then we three shared a bottle of red wine ($23!) 
One of things that made dinner so great was the piano player/singer and saxophonist who serenaded us with Frank Sinatra tunes and other big bands hits. The owner, wearing a chef apron and everything, even popped in real quick and belted out a tune before returning to the kitchen. Since we were there kind of early -- 6:15 p.m. -- there were only three other tables so it felt like we were getting a private performance. 
Despite the great food, drinks, service, and entertainment, the High Note Cafe doesn't require a dressy outfit or anything. I wore a sundress and flip flops. Jeans would be fine too. But you also wouldn't stand out if you wanted to dress up a little. 
Since my boyfriend live three blocks away, we'll happily put the High Note Cafe in our rotation of neighborhood eateries.Good pizza, but will not deliver to packer park area. Long time customer. They got too famous too quickly and when you move a bit away, they do not care. There's better pizza like Celebrese.Our first pizza delivery since our move from Chicago. We were looking forward to some east coast style and these guys delivered a really good pizza. Other reviewers didn't like the charred crust, but we thought it was yum. We'll be calling again.One of the few places you can go to and enjoy any selection on the menu. I would vote it as the best Pizza in Philadelphia, best BYOB and most of all best small restaurant.
Another standout is the piano player during dinner, which definitely brings a great element to the table.Love this place!  I have eaten there two times and both times the food was fantastic and the service is great.  Having live piano in the background is great and periodically, the wait staff will sing opera!  Great for groups or dates!mama's traditional pie = the truth.
fresh ground tomato sauce. hand sliced mozzarella. almost looks like a red pie, but it sure ain't.
i've gladly biked from fishtown to south philly many times to split a pie on the curb with friends. if you live in philly and you like pizza, it's a totally crucial to have this place in your mental rolodex.The pizza here is fantastic! I started my meal with a really lovely salmon salad and I got a great bottle of wine for only $20!!! The service is incredible. Our server was such a sweet guy. This place is a hidden gem. I highly recommend you have your next meal here.My experiences of this place are solely that of someone looking for quick local eats. On that note, I've been pretty satisfied each time. The pizza is of the typical Philly fare, just done well. I'd definitely grab a slice here if I were in the mood for it. That being said, I'm simply not a huge fan of Philly pizza, despite being a lifelong Philadelphian.
Can't neglect the other stuff though, they've got a nice selection of sandwiches and there's beer to go, or can be consumed on premises.
I should really stop here/order from here more often instead of succumbing to crappy places that are closer to me.We came on a Sunday at about 1pm.  It was empty.  What a shame! But great for us! We enjoyed a delicious meal that started with garlic knots and a salad.  I had the chicken parm, my cousin has eggplant parm, both with linguine on the side.  You can get these  meals at a lot of places, true.  But it's surprising how often they're poorly made.  Our plates were delicious.  And the service was friendly and on point.  It filled up a short time later (good for them) as we were having dessert and coffee.  Lighter than air almond cake.  Wonderful!So for my third wedding anniversary my husband thoughtfully took me back to High Note Cafe, where we had gotten engaged all those years ago (affectionate referred to as the scene of the crime).  High Note Cafe was just as romantic, intimate and wonderful as I remember.
I love that High Note is not pretentious at all.  The menu is not pricey, and although it is not a BYOB you can score a glass of wine for $5.50.  
The atmosphere truly can't be beat.  High Note is small but that adds to the intimate feeling.  They always have some form of live music, be it a piano player or opera singer, as well as interesting opera memorabilia adorning the walls.  
Anything I have ever eaten here has been simply done and delicious.  Plus, any restaurant that has garlic knots in the bread basket is OK in my book!
For an appetizer we shared sauteed calamari in a calabrese sauce.  Although the calamari wasn't friend like I am accustomed to, it was wonderfully done and remarkably not tough and chewy.  The gravy  was spicy and perfect.
We both had the pollo poccini special for our entree.  Again, it was perfectly executed.  On previous visits I have also tried the bolognase sauce and that too was delicious.
High Note is one of my favorite Italian spots in the city.  They have a price fixe menu for four or more people ($40 pp) that looks incredible.  I will definitely be bringing a group of friends to enjoy this great food!There's this guy who I used to date where we would intentionally go out to sports bars to watch games so we didn't have to talk to each other. Nothing in common, ya know? This place would be perfect for that date because the live accordion player really rocked this small little restaurant. But I may just be ill-informed. Do accordions have volume controls buttons like my phone and computer and electronic keyboard or do you just not squeeze so robustly? Must wikipedia that later. Also an awesome thing: Random patrons would get up, whisper to the accordion player, and then start singing opera with the accordion accompaniment. Like having excellent voices and all and signing in what I think was Italian. It was either that or poorly enunciated English...? Blew my mind. AND some of the waitstaff also sung. It would be perfect for New York's struggling-actors-who-are-waiters scene. To round out the entertainment, some lively patrons started dancing. The waiter informed me that he's worked there for 3 years and he's never seen anybody dance. I guess sometimes in life you just get lucky. The margarita pizza was great and addictive. The broccoli rabe was okay. But most importantly, the wackiness was right up my alley. Thank you, Francolugi. I might call my old date and rekindle our no-talking flame.great dining experience.  if you're looking for an italian spot in s. philly...this is the place to go.  the pizza is delicious.The pasta is great, but not as good as the pizza. Do yourself a favor and pick up a plain pie.This has been a family favorite for years. I have actually never been disappointed in anything I've ever had from here. The pizza sauce is amazing. The Stromboli is huge. I also love the ziti Caruso. All in all, delivery can take longer than the average restaurant, but you can always rely on a delicious meal. Oh! And don't sleep on the garlic knots either!Love the pizza here!  The dough is fantastic, veggie toppings fresh (not canned), and the pork with broccoli raab is so delish!  I had dinner once at the cafe with everything being very good.  I even ran into the mayor as he was walking in!I went here for a special show that featured a  set menu with 5 courses for $30.  The bruschetta and the pasta were as good as I've had anywhere
so I would highly recommend this place to any lover of Philly-style Italian food.  Really nice atmosphere featuring opera memorabilia.  A little noisy when the place is full.  Attached to a pizzeria which looked good although I didn't try it.  Probably would pick this place next time over Marra's, Victor Cafe, Villa di Roma or Ralph's, which typify South Philly Italian for me.I love Franco's. I was inspired to write a review just now because I just ate a leftover piece of the Mario Lanza pie for lunch and it was so good. My husband and I frequent Franco's on Friday evenings. We like to go in and get take out and have a glass of wine while we wait. Franco is always there, singing, fraternizing with the customers and he always remembers us. And the pizza is amazing. The crust is tasty, crispy, and yet soft, the toppings are inventive and fresh, and the sauce is sauce-ilicious. We like to concoct our own pies from the array of toppings to choose from (Broccoli rabe, cherry peppers, chicken cutlet, etc). They also make some really nice calamari and side salads. I have not actually eaten in the High Note Cafe, but I'm sure now that my husband and I just live down the street, we'll be there this winter cozying up with a bottle of wine.My trusty Yelp app lead me to this marvelous place of Italian goodness.
I just loved the set up and the look and feel of the restaurant. It's like you are walking into someone's home. Which is almost correct because it looks like the restaurant was formed from two converted row homes.
We showed up with out a reservation which is ok for two people. If you have more than two, call ahead.
The service staff is fantastic, I have nothing but praise for them. They know their menus well and provide excellent recommendations when asked. To add to their awesomeness they will also grab the mike and sing a beautiful song to go along with your meal. At least two servers did this while we were there so I'm not sure if all servers do this.
The piano guy was really cool too, and really knows how to tickle those ivories.
The meal was fantastic, order anything and it will be great. Especially grab some garlic knots I could of just eaten those for my meal and would of been happy in a garlic doughy induced food coma.
The price was reasonable for a great meal and wine pairing was superb. My only complaint is the parking which I really can't blame on them since we are in South Philly.
Next time I go back I'll definitely grab some pizza to go, everyone here in Yelp continues to rave about it.
All in all if you want a great Italian meal with beautiful ambiance, great service, wonderful music at a great price, stop by and enjoy!Boyfriend and I stop in semi-regularly for a couple of slices and a beer or two. The staff is always friendly, no matter how busy they are. I always get a slice of tomato pie and a slice of cheesesteak. I'm convinced this is the best pizza in South Philly.One of my go-to places for Italian food.  Sicilian pizza is the best I've had outside of NY/NJ and the chicken parm is excellent.  I usually get delivery and they're quick and efficient.  The one time I went into the restaurant it was super clean and full of genuinely friendly staff.  As others have said, definitely a neighborhood gem.Best pizza in the world. The Pizzazz will change your life and humble you. The tomato pie will make you believe in the power of "the gravy". Franco has mastered pizza.Truly a neighborhood place!  And, we're new to the neighborhood. Walked in on a Saturday evening for pizza and salad. The owner welcomed us warmly. Seated us in their small intimate dining room; appointed with marble-topped tables, pics of the Rat Pack  and old Philadelphia on the walls. The best part: a wonderful piano player, unobtrusively serenading us. The pizza was great. Could be our new neighborhood place! Will definitely be back!Review is for delivery only. The pizza is good and I really like the sauce and variety of toppings. Calamari is good and has hot peppers which is a plus. Pasta dishes are better than what you typically get with Italian delivery. They are closed on Mondays. One of the better Italian delivery options.I can't believe I've never reviewed this place before now. This is one of our go tos for takeout pizza. We have taken the majority of our visitors here at least one night and everyone always raves over the food and the music. Great Italian food, friendly service, nice ambience (could be a bit faster but not really an issue). Always a pleasure!This is a real roll of the dice, you can have a great meal here or a nightmare, you need to know this going in.
We'd been ordering from them regularly for delivery for several years, but recently waited an hour and 45 minutes for delivery and were spoken to abusively when we inquired about the order status.
These things can happen, we believed it was an outlier.  We were wrong.
My family has been going to high note for a decade or so.  We've had some amazing meals, but the past half dozen or so visits, it's fallen off in quality greatly.
The music is wonderful, I don't think anyone can dispute that.  The servers are charming and without a doubt trying their best.  
The issue is, the servers are completely untrained, and they and ownership will not dispute this.  Also, the kitchen is now completely untrained as well, essentially at the skill level of a cheesesteak spot.  Also freely admitted to by ownership.
What you now end up with, is a dinner served by nice people who have no idea what restaurant service is, with fast food quality ingredients, by a McDonald's level kitchen and a bill that is loaded with items you never ordered because your bill was merged with another.  For $180.00 for a family off four, this is extremely excessive.
I spoke with ownership when this occurred and was informed that the experience was meant to be about the music and food quality, service, and accuracy of a bill was not included in the experience.
I regret to post this review as a long time customer, but this place is on the way down, and if they're openly telling regulars if you get ripped off "too bad", it's not long for this world.
A real shame as it was a great place.The staff here couldn't be better! I love the atmosphere and have never been disappointed in service or food. Everyone makes you feel like family when you're there. Best in Philly!Birthdays in South Philly often meant at table for fifteen at Francoluigi's -- when this place was a BYOB.  Now the memory of lumpy, bland pastas and garlic-laden vegetables isn't softened by the 30 bottles of vino consumed during the meal.
Everyone who is Italian thinks they are the sole proprietor of authentic taste in Italian food, and I'm no different.  This stuff does not taste like my Mom-Mom's South Philly iterations of manicotti, scaloppini or chicken cutlets, and neither does it evoke the homey arrabiatas or ethereal tortellini in brodo of Roma.  It's not worth the price, especially if you can't bring your own wine. 
And the singing?  I appreciate multi-talented servers, but really, didn't we come out to hang with each other?  I'd rather save the show for after I digest.Hot and delicious. I had a side salad, very fresh. And a medium pizza. Great menu for dinner. I would highly recommend.The very kind people at Francoluigi's served me my very first cheesesteak ever.  Yes, it's true!  I waited til I was in Philly to try the classic meaty sammich.  
This place came highly recommended by someone who grew up eating here & loving it.  After hearing his stories about the amazing cheesesteaks and how nobody else comes close, and that there's live piano music, and a family-run atmosphere, we beelined over for dinner on a Saturday night.
Though parking in the area can be a real biatch, we found a spot a block away.  I considered that a very good sign!  We walked in, and saw pizzas in the glass case, waiting to be doled out in slices, and a couple of booth seating tables.  We heard live music going on a moment before we saw the famed piano just beyond the glass door.  A split second before we could reach the door, we were greeted and asked if we had reservations.  Even though we did not, we were immediately brought in and seated at a 2-top up the stairs, which gave us a nice view of the tables below, as well as the piano.
A bit of confusion hit us when we looked at the menu and saw not one single sammich - cheesesteak or otherwise.  There was a cheesesteak pizza, but this was not what we came for.  So we asked, and found out that sammiches are only served at the booths that we saw when we walked in, in the more casual seating area by the entrance.
That was a bit disappointing, but because that was what we were there for, we headed out to be re-seated there, and ordered off a totally different menu with many sammiches and pizzas and more casual food.
Service the entire time was very warm, and the cheesesteak came out fast.
Now mind you, I've had a couple other cheesesteaks since that - my very first - one, so I'm writing this with some amount of comparison in my mind.
The sammich was not as loaded with meat as I expected, and compared to others that followed, was definitely not the norm.  The meat was good quality, and the onions on top were flavorful, along with the provolone.  I tend to be very salt sensitive, so a more bland taste doesn't usually faze me, but now looking back, this was not the best flavored of the few that I had while in town.  I did like that the onions that came on top were more caramelized than other sammiches I tried after - it gave another yummy layer of flavor to this sammich that others didn't have.  But compared to others, the bread sadly wasn't soaked with juices at all, and again, the meat portions were much smaller too.
As far as Italian restaurants go however, I have a feeling that we didn't really get to see (taste) their best side here.  While we ate, many people came in and out to pick up to-go orders, and they clearly were regulars, so there's obviously something going on here that's worthwhile.  Most people got pizzas, but there were pastas and other things that went by too.
Because of the very warm service, and the clear support of locals, as well as the glowing recommendation that brought us here in the first place, I'd definitely come back to try other menu items.  But as far as cheesesteak choices go, I doubt I'd come back here for that.Everything I have had here is good and this is after being shoved in a box and delivered to me! I have never actually been inside. 
I've eaten the ravioli, gnocchi, garlic bread and pizza. All fabulous! 
So, I thought I loved pizza and then I moved to Philly and discovered that I didn't know the meaning of true pizza love until I tried FrancoLuigi's (and Marra's). So tasty!
I love the pizza here. It just tastes so good. It is the perfect texture and thickness and the sauce is great. I usually order plain. 
I noticed that several of my Italian neighbors get their pizza from here consistently. Those Italians know pizza, right?The food was excellent! Loved the gnocchi & crabmeat and the music. Had a great time.After four experiences (all delivery / take out), I figured it's time to share. Of course that's mostly because I now have something to complain about, but honestly it's pretty good stuff - 3 out of 4 times. Two of those were just tomato pies - fabulous tomato pies. Who knew bread and sauce could be so delicious? The cheese pizza (3rd order) was fine too, but honestly whatever crack they put in the sauce on tomato pies didn't come through with the cheese on top. Or maybe it's a different sauce altogether. It was still good pizza, kinda think but not flimsy. Better than most I've found here. (Now if only I could find a good Chicago style pizza here.)
Now this 4th time - eh, we ordered more food and I wish we hadn't. The order:
Portobello mushrooms stuffed with broccoli rabe and cheese - sounds yummy, right? (If not, you must hate America.) Well it wasn't. It arrived in a pool of slightly red water. Kinda gross. Don't order it. And it came with two roll type things - one burnt and one not, and neither tasty.
Cheese fries - overloaded with cheese whiz, which may or may not be a good thing to you. If you love the whiz, you're good. 
And the pizza - another tomato pie. A sad, sad, tomato pie. First, we got it because Yelp said if we ordered $10 worth of food we could get an 18" tomato pie for $3.99. When I ordered, I was told "they made a mistake." I don't know who "they" are but it's not an 18" pie. It's more like a 9" X 14 " oval pie, and it wasn't at all like the ones we'd gotten previously. It seems like they used the same dough, just didn't stretch it out enough. And the sauce was without its crack. And the crust was quite burnt. 
I thought about arguing with him about the 18" pie but figured even a 14" for $3.99 was still decent, I was hungry and figured I would just end up without any food if I argued. But now it'll be quite a while until I get another one. Still, with my three previous good experiences, I can't knock them too much. 
Two five star experiences (same order), one four star experience, and one two star experience - I'll leave it at 4 for now, but that is subject to change.I went here for my birthday after moving to Philly and it was spectacular. Being from Chicago, I have strong feelings about pizza, and this place is about the best I've had. The restaurant is so much fun, the food is great, the waiters are all characters, BYOB... It is really worth going to no matter where you live in and around Philly.The delivery is free! Top that nasty south side on 8th and mifflin, they wanted to charge me $2.00! Delivery fee to delivery to 7th and dickenson? You gotta be freaking kidding me. The pizza is so good. I ordered the small pepperoni pizza, a lil big but taste so awesome. Im giving them 4 stars because it sucks they have no lunch specials or platters. P.s. my co worker ordered  the chicken cheesesteak and fries...he said it was delicious, i couldn't get a photo, he inhaled to fast lolVery good traditional pizza ! I add broccoli rabe like other reviews. And calamari so tender.It was like eating cheesy garlic bread for a meal... but I didn't feel guilty because it was really Franco & Luigi's White Pizza.  A crispy but soft crust, mozzarella, olive oil, and garlic... simple and perfect.  
The gourmet pizza at this place is fantastic.  I'll buy it as a special treat for my students.  It is pricier than typical takeout, but worth the couple extra bucks.Old world Italian joint with waiters that sing opera music. If you had an Italian grandmother that cooked, this is what her food would taste like. That means the food is solid...but don't expect modern Italian fare. This is spaghetti and meatballs with no frills. If you're in the mood for unpretentious dining in a casual setting, this place will do the trick.This is by far the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life, not to mention that it's super cheap. Now that I'm reading reviews from previous customers, I am going to make it a point to swing by Franco & Luigi's to actually eat inside of the restaurant. I had no idea that the servers sing opera! I highly recommend ordering the Mama's Homestyle pizza, which is a gigantic pizza pie topped with their delicious sauce & slices of fresh mozzarella cheese. The only reason why I am giving Franco & Luigi's four stars is because their delivery takes FOR-EV-ER to get to you. Expect to wait at least an hour for your food to get to your home.This restaurant is one of the best discoveries we have found since we moved to South Philly. The pizza is old school with a wonderful crust. we particularly like some of the specialty white pizzas. The wings are good as are the mozzarella cheese sticks. We have ordered for takeout and have had delivery as well which has been relatively quick. We have had other pizzas from other places but this is hands-down our favorite. We have dined in the restaurant one time as well and totally enjoyed the pasta dishes that we ordered. We will be back in the restaurant as well.One of my favorite Italian places to eat. Great food, great prices and lots of fun!I'm always on the look out for new pizza places to try, so when I heard about Francoluigis, I was sold. 
We ordered delivery, which was super quick and friendly, even on a Friday night. We started with the antipasti salad for two, which was very hearty, but did not come with dressing. At first, we thought it was already on the salad, but after a few bites, we learned it wasn't. Perhaps they just forgot to include it? No big deal, we dressed it up ourselves!
My husband, a white pizza lover, got his way and we ordered the Mario Lanza. The hot sausage was delightfully spicy, but I'm not the biggest white pizza fan, so I look forward to ordering a red pie from these guys soon.
The fried ravioli were a bit of a disappointment as they lacked flavor. I still ate them all though because you can't let fried raviolis go to waste!
We'd order from Francoluigis again and try some of their other offerings.The God's have sung. This place really hit the nail on the head. If you're looking for meals with huge portions where you can consume a meatball the size of your fist and get some great pizza, this is your place. If you've never had a roast pork pizza before, make sure you try it first here.This is the best pizza in Philly.  I usually get one with pepperoni and green peppers or mushrooms.  
Everything about this pizza is right: the ratio of sauce to cheese is perfect, the crunchiness and chewiness of the crust are in a delicate balance, and the distribution of the toppings is pleasing to the eye.  Francoluigi's has it down to a science.  The only bad thing I can say about them is that they are closed on Mondays.
For pizza lovers on a budget, the tomato pie is fresh, delicious, and cheap.Pizza is the bomb. Soooo good. They just introduced a roast pork pizza, which I highly recommend.
Their sandwiches are also pretty good. I reccomend the chicken cutlet hoagie, which has a breaded chicken breast (pounded thin), lettuce, tomato, and onion. Very tasty.Franco Luigi's is an excellent Italian Restaurant. That being said, I usually go there for their Pizza. They have really created their own style of Pizza and it rocks! The pizza is thick and bready, and the toppings are masterfully cooked, vegetables sauteed and cooked to perfection before getting cooked in the oven.My boyfriend and I recently ate here and still can't stop talking about how much we loved it. I think we lucked out because we didn't have a reservation on a Saturday night and we were still able to be seated right away. There was a two piece jazz band playing that set the mood in the restaurant. Though a bit smaller inside, it added to the atmosphere.
Our server, along with all of the other servers were extremely pleasant and polite and very willing to make recommendations.
We started with the garlic knots, and they were certainly an indication of what was to come! Perfectly cooked and seasoned, I really could have eaten about ten of them.
For an appetizer we got the special which was calamari in what seemed to be a thinned marinara sauce served with peas and a pepper in it.
My boyfriend got the veal parmesan - the veal was cooked perfectly and was so good!
I got the bolognese special which was made with two meats. It was amazing. My boyfriend loved his veal, but repeatedly said that he wished he had ordered the bolognese as well.
We live about an hour and a half away from Philadelphia and are already planning a trip back to eat here.God I miss living on Juniper and Dickinson!  I miss a solid pepper and egg hoagie delivered the afternoon after a hard nights drinking!  Always had a great experience eating at the Cafe and loved how the Pizzeria and Cafe's menus were never the same and what a great host Frank was/is. Don't believe the doubters or the people that think they know better cause they need to stick to Bucca di Beppo.  You really can't get a better experience then this anywhere!Best pizza in Philadelphia. They make their dough fresh daily. The broccoli rabe and roast pork pizza is unreal. The guy roasts a pig habitually and puts the shavings on this pizza. Yowza. And the cheesesteak pizza is surprisingly good. No better place to get real pizza in Philly. Love it love it love it.Perfect south philly gem for pizza and Italian food.BYO  or full bar available. There's always live music including a piano player, singing and instruments. The service is wonderful and served quick. Also outdoor seating when the weather is nice! Sit down or take out available. Must try the pizza!!Out of towners here....my husband found this resturant on yelp so we gave it a try. Very nice staff, we loved the quaint feel to it, with the soft jazz. My husband and sons exclaimed that the Calamari was the best they ever had. I ordered one of the specials and they brought me the wrong one, but thats ok. It was still very good. The Pinot Noir...excellent!I have never eaten here.. strictly for delivery.  I was pleasantly surprised by the turkey hoagie I ordered.  Loved it.. and will definitely order again.  If you like a hoagie full of meat, this is a great option.I took my parents to the high note cafe and they loved it! I loved it! The dough is superb! The food is the best this side of the mississippi. I order something new on menu for delivery at least once a week! I cant get enough!!Got a cheese pizza delivered and it was fantastic. It was also surprisingly quick. Came in twenty minutes after I called. 
#2 on my pizza place favorites. 
One of the best pizzas in Philly.Great pizza. Friendly staff. Reasonable wait for pick up and delivery (typically within the hour, shorter wait for pick up obviously). Highly suggest pork pizza and white pizza selections. I've ordered the stuffed shells and thought the ricotta filling was watery, so I will be sure to stick to the pizza since it's consistently good.This is my boyfriend's favorite place to order pizza (delivery) from, and it is constant in it's tastiness.  He loves to do the "spend over 10 dollars and get a tomato pie for 4 bucks" deal, so we always have leftovers.  The tomato pie is tasty and simple, i usually add crushed red pepper and oregano to it and then love it.  My favorite cheesy pizza is the sicilian w/ broccoli rabe- so garlicy and delicious.  A good deal, good for lots of leftovers, and tasty food- one of our regulars.  (note: we've never been to the restaurant, always do delivery)This was our first time here and we weren't expecting too much. But the service, food and atmosphere was amazing. It had a very rustic feel and there was someone playing piano, making it feel very calm and homely. We only ordered the pizza(buffalo chicken cheesesteak) and split it. I can honestly say this was one of my favorite buffalo chicken cheesesteak pizzas I've ever had. It tasted very fresh, the cheese was gooey and the crust was nice and crisp. Definitely worth going to if you are looking for a good pizza.Delivery took 45 minutes from when I called to when it got to my place in Graduate Hospital- not bad, especially since other reviews said it might take in the upwards of 2 hours. The pizza arrived still piping hot.
Got the grilled chicken pizza with carmelized onions and tomatoes.  Delicious tender chicken, great cheese to (non-sweet) sauce ratio, thin crust, crispy perfection.  The only downfall was that my boyfriend noticed a pubic-like hair on his pizza.  He tried to show me, but I didnt' want to see/believe it.  The pizza was too good.   So good that he threw the hair away, we pretended it didn't happen and continued eating.  Although if it weren't for the hair, this would easily be a 5-star place.Recently moving to Tasker St, I could not be more excited that Francoluigi is my local pizza shop. I have enjoyed trying every kind of slice I can, but my favorite remains the buffalo chicken. I order for take-out on occasion and the service is always quick.
This place is an institution for a reason.Djeet yet? Yous gotta try this South Philly gem. 
Between the deliciously cheap tomato pie and the perfectly piled hoagies, Francoluigi's is the perfect quick and easy, down and dirty take out joint. Just about everything on the menu is great from here!
There are only two downsides to Francoluigi's - 
1. The guy who takes the orders on the phone is super surly. He even hangs up on you if you take too long. 
2. Wait times. I order hoagies here a lot and no matter what, the wait time is 30-45 mins even on a Tuesday. 
The only thing I don't like on the menu is the salad that comes with a Pesto Vinaigrette. It's basically oil with green bits poured on other larger green bits and goat cheese. Blech.I've eaten from the take out, and dined in for my birthday. This place rocks! 
I highly highly highly reccommend the penne with vodka sauce. 
I could eat it everyday, so freakin addicting. I think they add some nutmeg to the sauce because it has just the right flavor/blend of spices. 
The dining experience is fantastic because the waiters sing!We wanted to try a new Italian place...Francoluigis got stellar reviews via yelp. The first time we tried it was good, but they DEFINITELY over-charged us.  The following times we ordered the food was awful.  I can't vouch for the pizza, but the pasta dishes were horrible.  The service is extremely poor, and delivery takes at least an hour.Great pizza, pasta, and possibly my favorite cheesesteak in the neighborhood (yea, that's right, Pat's and Geno's both suck!). Bread is always good here, and they sell beer! They also have a pretty eclectic mix of musical performances. I think if you're looking for something to do that's both reliable but also a bit unusual, this would be a good choice. Get some pizza, some beer, listen to a jazz or opera set. Really nice place, and Borda is a really nice guy.I went to Francoluigi's Pizzeria last night to get some dinner based on the reviews I found on Yelp!
I had a slice of the Mama Homestyle Pizza which was delicious. I would recommend ordering a whole pie from them so that you get fresh pizza, otherwise they reheat already made pizza if you just order individual slices. They also serve beer here which is nice.
They have a small dining room inside the pizzeria if you want to stop by for a quick bite, or you can sit down and have a nice meal at their full restaurant next door (which I haven't done yet)
I would definitely come back here again because it's a great place to grab a late night dinner. Next time I'll try one of their specialty pizzas.I would not put this place into the pizza category, though it probably qualifies as a "red-sauce joint".
First, if you love good, reasonably priced food, this is your place.  They will (and have) even take special orders for those in your party with dietary restrictions (i.e. vegans) without any complaints.  I recommend their specials menu, as I've never been disappointed when eating off of this part.  Come hungry (read: STARVING), as their portion sizes are ginormous.
Second, OPERA!  Their waiters/waitresses sing and play piano and have no qualms telling your noisy patrons to shut the F up during anothers performance.  (Seriously, shut it when they're singing).  Most of the waitstaff is at UofA and other Broad St. companies, and are working their way through college or to supplement their income as a chorus member and/or to get more practice with their voice.  They're always good, with some that really truly phenomenal.
This is a great place for groups--especially those that can get a little bit of the uncomfortable silence going...Make sure you don't have any Rude dudes in your group though, or you will get yelled at during the singing.
You must make a reservation on weekends, though I think during the week you might be okay without making one.  The dining room is small, and only can accomodate 30-ish people.
Don't forget to look at the famous people pics on the walls, either.  Some are really funny.Live opera while you eat at a little BYOB Italian joint on the corner of 13th and Tasker-- come on that's just cool! I once lived near here, so I was a regular customer at the pizzeria side.
I give it four stars, but lemme break it down into a few subcategories for this review--
Restaurant food ***1/2 (typical Ital-Amer. fare, but done well and cheap)
Atmosphere ***** (did I mention the servers sing OPERA?)
Pizzeria/to-go **** (better than the pasta dishes, the best bet is the Tomato Pie# or the Pizza Pavarotti##, hoagies ain't bad either)
#-- Tomato pie is a simple "Sicilian-style" crust pizza, topped only with a basic pizza sauce of crushed tomatoes, salt, basil and oregano (and presumably a bit of sugar), finsihed with a sprinkle of romano.
##-- The Pavarotti is a white pizza made with sharp provolone, fresh sliced tomatoes and sauteed broccoli rabeWow!!! I've ordered from this place plenty of times and tonight I wasn't impressed with the food that we ordered. The wings was dry, fried was very plain and had no taste and the steaks was blah!! Two stars for the fast delivery.By far since i've been living in the city, the best pizza I have come across.  We've had  quite a few, and this has just the right amount of sauce, and cheese.  Oh so good! 
Great Pizza!!This Yelp entry is confusing.  Franco Luigi's is both a take out/delivery pizza place as well as a sit down restaurant that has live opera.  I am reviewing the take out pizza side.
This place has a very solid cheese pizza.  A nice crust, on the thinner side with a crisp bottom, but not paper thin.  Nice cheese and a flavorful sauce; in general the pie is well spiced so you don't need to drench it in garlic powder.
The standouts for me are:
1) The tomato pie, which is a regular pizza crust, but topped with only their homemade red sauce (like what would come on spaghetti, not the normal pizza sauce) and a sprinkling of grated cheese.  Their sauce is a chunky, garlicky, and full of flavor.  Plus, a large tomato pie will only set you back $4 once you spend $10 (or somewhere around there) on anything else.  You can also get this same pie with some slices of fresh mozzarella (not $4) and that is also delicious.
2) Their meatballs.  These babies and definitely homemade and are so good.  Great texture and flavor on these.  I recommend getting a side of these (2 come in a side, they are slightly smaller than a baseball in size).  The meatballs come with more of that homemade red sauce, which is so good that I can (and have) just eat it plain with a spoon.  I actually never eat ground beef out, but I make an exception for these meatballs.
The other menu items I have tried (cheesesteaks, hoagies, etc.) are all good as well.I used to order from here all the time when I lived in the neighborhood years ago. It was never as good as Marra's, but it seemed more reliable.
Well, I'll never go back after my last experience last week. Why am I only writing this review now, 7 days later? Probably because I've been too busy vomiting. I wish I'd checked this page and read about the sharpie incident before ordering again; I might have thought twice before risking it with this disgusting, dirty, rat-infested dump. The owner was so proud of supposedly having made my pie himself. Too bad he DIDN'T WASH THE SHIT OFF HIS HANDS FIRST.
Don't go anywhere near this place. It should be shut down, for good.Love everything about their pizza!! 2 pies for $14.99 Monday-Wed!!!! Moved to south philly in june and I tell everyone I meet about this place!!Service, ambiance, and the quality of ingredients are top notch. 2 adults, one teenaged boy and one 6 year old girl all enjoyed their experience here. Live piano music was playing and our pizza was better than Vetri's, Pronto's, Bufad...and all the others. Somehow the crust stands up to the loaded toppings, is crusty on the outside, chewy on the inside and then almost melts in your mouth?! No idea how they do that.My fiancé and I live in south Philly and order from Francoluigis often. Their pizza is excellent, so we decided to have them cater for our engagement party a few weekends ago. We ordered penne vodka, manicotti, chicken Marsala and sausage and peppers. All of our guests raved about the food and said it was amazing, many of them asking where we ordered it from. The delivery was also on time and included everything we asked for. Overall great catering experience!Not the best pizza I've EVER had, but I've become kind of a pizza snob in my later years.  
Definitely, by FAR the best delivery pizza I've had in Philly.  Great cheese, great dough, just enough sauce flavored just right... yum.
Delivery does take a while sometimes.  Worth the wait.FrancoLuigi's tomato pie no cheese is my go to pizza. Usually delivered fast and hot. The large is huge (enough for 3 hungry guys) and delicious.My friend and came here to check out a show. My friend wanted a slice, but the waiter told him they didn't serve slices in the restaurant... the pizza restaurant. My friend said fine, he wasn't going to get anything then. The waiter then told him he could, please go out and pick your slice from the case, the case full of prepared pizza slices. After he did, the waiter came out again to tell him no, we changed our mind again, we won't give you one of our prepared pizza slices. OK, fine. 
I ordered mussels that were listed on the menu at $7. I was brought a plate of mussels with no utensils. By the time I was able to get some, the mussels were ice cold, but I don't think heat would've made much of a difference as they were extremely chewy and prepared with what must have been 5 lbs. of garlic. I sent them back with only sampling one, and assumed I wouldn't be charged. Not only was I charged, but they raised the price to $10. I asked what the deal was, and the waiter just shrugged.
There are so many incredible eateries in South Philly. Please don't waste your time at this one.A neighborhood pizza joint with good food and a friendly staff at the takeout counter. 
Tomato pie was simple and delicious. Pizzaz chicken steak was tasty, gooey mess. 
They have an attached eat-in cafe, takeaway beer, and a menu for any pizza place craving.I'm a big fan of their square tomato pie, no cheese (I think it comes sprinkled with parmesan otherwise). It's not the best tomato pie ever (could be a little more saucy) but the crust is great.My new favorite pizza place. Their plain slice is so tasty, and their sicilian is great too. 
If you want a classic pizza taste this is the spot. They don't have oregeno available near the counter though :/.Bread and pizza were delicious! Waiters were very kind and funny. Great experience here.First time tonight and what I hope to be one of many future nights!!!!!!!! The best veal parmigiana  I have ever had and that is hard to say for a dish is often copied!!!! Great service and for me I love the music!!!! Thanks High Note!!!! Grazie mille!South Philly, PA
Pretty good for cheesy greasy plain pizza. My family ordered from there last night. They saved me some since I wasn't home for din din. I looked at the name of the pizza and wondered where is this? Lol. Took a slice. Not bad. Reading Yelp reviews. I guess I will have to try more things to get a better feel of all the ooo la la about this place. O they sing here...Niceee. 3.5 stars.I don't write reviews but after reading the over-the-top bitchfest Mr Sharpie coerced everyone he's ever met to write, I was inspired to give this place five stars. It's effing awesome, the staff is fantastic, and they've never messed up my order or delivered late. I've been ordering from here a few times a month for three years and they have a perfect track record. It's the best pizza I've had in Philly and I eat a lot of pizza.I like consistency. Francoluigi's offers that. Consistently friendly service, and always hot, delicious pizza at a stellar price for the quality and size. There aren't many places that also give you the option of shredded pizza cheese or flavorful hand sliced mozzerella (mama's homestyle as it's called, available in large only) at no additional price. The crust is thin and crisp throughout.
I'ver never eaten in, but take out and delivery are always timely, usually about 20-25 minutes for take out and always within an hour or less for delivery.  I love this place.Best pizza. Best tomato pie. Best location (so close I can smell it). 
Best attractive, charming, talented servers who serenade you while you dine. A night dining here is guaranteed to be fun and memorable. Bring a date! Bring out of town guests! Bring lots of wine! Portions are quite large and everything tastes fresh and delicious. I was so enamored with the singing that I accidentally kept eating way past the point where I was full. I promise, the tummy ache was worth it.BEST PIZZA IN PHILLY HANDS DOWN! Get their garlic knots, you won't regret it. We probably order pizza from here once a week. Nom Nom Nom!Great pizza! I like the wings too - not too well done and tons of sauce (how I like 'em).
My husband ordered a baked ziti dish and sausage. He said it was "ok."
Good size portions.
Delivery on Sunday @ 6 pm took about 40 minutes.They have good pizza and entertainment but thats it. There food is not good at all. Too bad, years ago it was really good.I want to write a five star review.  I really do.  
First the good:  
The three kids with us had Gnochi ala Vodka - the older one with seafood.  All three were excellent.  
The wife and I split a Caesar, Fried Eggplant and a special Calamari dish.  The calamari dish - Calamari Calabresi, was amazing.  The calamari was incredibly tender.  The eggplant was very good - nothing special.  
The Caesar Salad was probably one of the best dressings I've had in a restaurant anywhere.  But there was way too much dressing - it was swimming.
My older daughter's dish came out well after the others - I had to call over a server and ask for it again.  The younger kids were finished before it arrived.  
And I'm still waiting for my glass of Chianti.  
The ultimate insult was the bill arriving with a 20% tip included because we were a party larger than four.  I understand restaurants putting tips on for large groups but we were one family.  Not really necessary.  If the service didn't suck, I probably wouldn't have cared.  And this might be a five star review instead of three.My favorite pizza in S Philly.  Pizza's gotten a little expensive lately (what hasn't) and F&L's is no exception.  But it's 100% worth it.  Fried ravioli is good too.  Their "home style" pizza is out of this world!  The restaurant (High Note Cafe) has amazingly delcious food.  I'm not exactly an opera fan and it's openly discouraged to talk with your table guests during the performances.  That's the only reason I don't make this place my Birthday Restaurant.I love this place. The vibe is very  adorable, family-owned Italian. They have live music pretty much every night. 
Their complimentary garlic knots were a quick way to my heart. They're warm, super garlicky, and overall amazing. I've tried their chicken abruzzese with marinara - It's a large chicken breast with roasted peppers and penne with their amazing marinara sauce. I've had it twice so far and both times it was delicious. Their gnocchi is also heavenly, especially with their blush sauce. My husband also swears by their chicken parm as well as their Caesar salad.
Overall an amazing little Italian spot! Definitely check this place out!I'm feeling guilty about possible vote inflation on my part making this * * * seem lower than it is, but I'd guess it's 3 stars if I include my one dinner at High Note.
The pizza is good, dependable, and they do make a nice tomato pie-- more foccacia-like than some of the others that I consider great around the neighborhood (Sarcone's, Ianelli's).  I've also been told that they're willing to do tomato pie free of any and all cheese for those with a 'wink' "dairy and eggs allergy."  Location is cool, and the pizza part is probably a solid four stars.
The restaurant, and this is unfortunately just from one experience, wasn't my speed.  Assuming away the singing (like how an economist will control for a factor), I wasn't too thrilled with the dishes we got-- pasta w. broccoli rabe and chicken Marsala (maybe?).  It was a while ago when we went.
So the pizza's a four, the restaurant's maybe 2.6, and I still don't feel super-comfortable with the three stars.  Eh; I'll live with it-- I definitely go there to get pizza and wish it was open late enough that I could hit it up on a walk back home from SPTR.There are probably only a handful of places in the city that know how to make great pizza. After 2 years of sampling around, I will only order from Francoluigi's. I've never been to the restaurant, so this is all about their delivery. First of all, the workers are pleasant to deal with over the phone and I've never had a bad experience ordering. I can't say the same about many others (i.e. Iannelli's has a HORRENDOUS delivery service). Sometimes the delivery takes about an hour to get to Graduate Hospital, but it's well worth waiting for. Hot, crispy crust and excellent sauce and ingredients. The Sicilian is phenomenal (along with the traditional pies). The Italian sandwiches are also amazing. I have yet to try their gourmet pies because I'm a traditionalist, but just reading the descriptions makes me salivate. This place has my full support.AWFUL. the food is way too greasy and the delivery drivers are incredibly rude.4 stars in flavor for tomato pie. This place started and stuck me on tomato pie. The bread had a correct chew-to-crunch ratio and the sauce has the perfect consistency to withstand baking, as it wasn't caked on or soggying up the bread. Both have an amazing development of flavors for being so simple. 
Have eaten repeatedly and will eat tomato pie here again whenever in the area.Recently moved to the city and was having trouble finding a pizza place with pizza I loved as much as my hometown pizza place. After trying MANY places, we settled on Francoluigi's and it's now our go to spot. Just wish they were open 7 days a week!best sicilian pizza in philly! hands down, no question about it.This place was highly recommended to us as the best Italian place in South Philly.  What a disappointment it was though!  My girlfriends and I came to dine early Saturday evening with a prior reservation - we were seated right away. The atmosphere was nice but borderline pretentious, but did not go well with plastic glasses and outdated/plain dishware.   Live performance was a cute touch - however it looked as the performers were only signing for the regulars.  We never got approached to request a song, whereas older people at the next table did.  The food was mediocre to say the least  - canned mushrooms in the pasta sauce, overcooked gnocchi, octopus dish that tasted like it came from a can as well. White Pizza I ordered was dry and plain. Although the waiter was nice and polite,  I had to ask for a manager to inquire about ginger ale that was charged 4 times.  Apparently, no free refills for soft drinks.  Be sure to ask the waiter, as it's not written anywhere. The manager was EXTREMELY rude about this matter - he talked to me like I was his friend:-0    "hey, listen...."   - that's not how you address your customers! Overall, my upset stomach, $10 gingerale and offensive manager left an unpleasant first impression of a "pizzeria LaScala wanna-be".  I would not recommend this place to anyone - if you want to have a real Italian food and a great experience go to Le Virtu.I love it here, you can smell it blocks away as you walk from Broad Street (or any other direction). 
I've only eaten in the take out eatery on the corner. They have a 1-2 tables and chairs set up to eat at, but most of the people coming in are taking-out. 
Their giant calzone is outstanding...I can eat half and save the rest for lunch the next day, all for something like $7! Talk about cheesy, that yummy goodness just oozes out of the thing when you cut into it. Reminds me of Gypsy's in Berkeley if you've been there, but I'd say this is better. 
I've tried their plates (available through the take out counter) and they're prepared to the same standards as the restaurant inside. So if you're on a budget and are looking for a good Italian place, put the eatery on your short list of South Philly places to go.
Their staff is funny/friendly too...a real family type establishment that shows you the best of what South Philly has to offer. They'll joke around with you, argue with each other, and bring you into the conversation. Love it.Great food, everything is delicious. The pizza was cooked just right and lot's of vegetarian choices. The staff is very friendly and the owner goes out of his way to make you feel at home.One of the best Italian restaurants I have ever been to. The food is out of this world. I'm from LA, but every time we visit Philly, I will go to this restaurant just for the veal bolognese. Everything on the menu is outstanding (salads, gnochi, pizza, everything!). It's not a very fancy restaurant (which I normally prefer) and the opera thing is cool (gets old after a while though) but the food REALLY AMAZING.We celebrated my friend's birthday here Friday night, this was the second year in a row. The food is fantastic, and they even tell you if you are in the mood for something you don't see on the menu, just ask and they will try to make it for you. I had the crab ravioli and it was not only stuffed in crab, the sauce had giant chunks of crab too. It was one of those meals that at $22, I could hardly make it at home for that price. Plus the portion was enormous and I got a whole other meal out of it. We did have a little confusion about the reservation, which I made on the phone and they confirmed via email, so I thought it was all taken care of. Then they called to confirm and I didn't answer, so they cancelled it! Forturnately they were able to seat our party of 11 anyway, the place was dead for a Friday night. They also charged one of our party for her portion of the meal on her debit card, then also charged her $316 TWICE, overdrawing her bank account and leaving her broke all weekend. Also my meal didn't come out with everyone else's and when I asked I was told they forgot it. But even with all these behind the scenes issues, everything was so delicious and everyone in the party had an amazing time and I will most certainly go back again.Great crew and crooners. From server Ellie, to music master Pasquale, and singing chef Franco. And my friend Frank Bompadre knocking out the tunes last night.Classic Italian dining at its finest.  If you're looking for delicious pizza and solid service with a charming mom-and-pop vibe, this is the place for you.
My first time at Francoluigi's we were seated two or three tables back from the front stage where there was a live pianist, and later a singer as well.  We ordered two pizzas (veg for the ladies, something with sausage for the boys), which we enjoyed with a couple bottles of Peroni while being serenaded by the musicians.  Our server was attentive and knew the menu well.  The dessert options were so tempting but unfortunately we were totally full.
Two months later, we walked in at 4:00 pm on a Saturday, too early for the live music, but the pizza was a good as I remembered.  We ordered a white pie (melt-in-your-mouth garlicy goodness) and a margherita pie (classic marinara flavor with massive slices of mozzarella).  Both were served on painted ceramic pizza stones, which were slowly but surely stripped bare of every slice - no to-go boxes here, thank you.  Once again, the service was prompt and attentive, our waters never empty, and we left completely stuffed having only paid about $10 each, tip included.  There are so many pasta dishes here I'd like to try as well, but it will be hard not to cave and just get another pizza!Another yelper suggested this place a few weeks ago and I finally got the chance to try it out... and boy am I glad that I did. 
It was DELICIOUS. Their sauce is absolutely amazing. It's the perfect amount of sweet, plus the italian seasonings in it is so so so so good. 
We got the Mama Homestyle which is sliced mozz and plum tomato sauce. You get a hugeeee pizza for only 11 bucks, seriously, how can you beat that???
We also got the Texas Ranch Fries, and devoured them before even making it to the pizza. You really can't beat bacon, ranch, and cheese on fries. It's a dangerous combination.
I will definitely be making this my go-to pizza place in the area, I can't wait to try some of their Gourmet pies! I've got my eye on you, O Sole Mio...This Yelp entry IS confusing.  It's actually:
1.  Franco & Luigi's PIZZARIA; and 
2.  High Note Cafe (formerly known as Pastaria Restaurant).
My review for Franco & Luigi's Pizzaria:
Excellent place for take-out, brightly lit corner location in South Philly just a stone's throw from Broad Street and Center City.  You can also order menu items from High Note Cafe (FKA Pastaria) here, which are excellent.  I love that they often have new Italian immigrants working in the back.
My review for High Note Cafe (FKA Pastaria):
Located behind their pizza storefront, this is the "other" romantic and slightly cheesy but fun nonetheless singing Italian cafe in South Philly, just a block or 2 down the street & around the corner from Victor Cafe (the older and better known one with better singers).  The food here, however, is better.  This place also feels more casual and family-oriented.  Nice place for a date, however try to avoid walking through the fluorescent lighting of the pizza storefront if you're trying to seduce your date, lol.
Located near Center City.  While take-out from both are excellent and worth the wait, it can take a while, even if you call ahead.  Yes, they take credit cards.  No parking lot, street parking, and they might have a valet on Fri/Sat nights.Some say this is the best slice in South Philly, I don't know about that. But I can say that they have the best Tomato pie I have ever had. My only complaint is that sometimes the slices sit out a little too long. Great on the go food.We didn't have the pizza but had an incredibly delicious dinner.  Each one of us had something different and each one of us raved about the meal.  The salads are huge and delicious.  The eggplant parm and the cheese ravioli were great and the pasta sauce (gravy) was to die for. The clams casino were very flavorful with plenty of bacon and peppers in the stuffing.  We can hardly wait to back and get the pizza.  The service was great (thanks Anthony)  and the live piano music only enhanced the experience. A real find.5 stars for the best pizza in Philadelphia, hands down, and honestly one of about 5 things I miss about living in Philly (having lived around the corner). I won't bore you with a description - you owe it to yourself to get a pie sometime.
The restaurant I found to be a little over-priced for the location and quality, but the food was consistantly very good and the opera is always a nice touch (if you're in to that sorta thing, of course).This review is really for the "High Note Cafe" part of this restaurant, which is the only part I've been too (but I'll be back for pizza)
O wow, I consider myself a pasta purist because of the hours upon hours of pasta making inflicted on me throughout my childhood by my wholly Italian grandmother (note to grandmas everywhere: 6 hours of watching pasta dry is not a good childhood activity, so don't be mad when I draw on your pasta with felt pens. Pasta = natures post-it notes).
This was spectacular - everything we had was absolutely delicious, including the mussel app - and I don't like mussels!! (Thank you husband for purposely ordering food I don't typically like because I dared to go to the bathroom before ordering). 
The boy said of all the shrimp fra diavlo he's ever had (and he's had it in a LOT of different places), this ranked #1. I got the gnocchi with chicken and took a crazy amount of it home. They were really light, unlike a lot that are usually heavy and doughy. 
The entertainment consisted of a piano player who played show tunes except when the waiters sang opera. It was truly a unique, and wonderful evening. I can't rave enough about it.