I love this place. I have been here multiple times, & it only gets better everytime.
The staff is AMAZING! The bouncer Eric was extremely nice. 
We went there for a friends birthday this weekend & EVERY staff member I encountered was beyond helpful & friendly. (I can not say the same for barcade down the street)
The beer selection is great. There are rows of large picnic tables in an outside seating area so there is always somewhere to sit. I will be be back!Cute concept. A place I'll go back to in the fall for the out door s'mores. Veggie burger was ok.One word describes my overall Frankford Hall experience: meh.
Likes: the ample seating, the lighting, the games at the tables.
Dislikes: paying $8 for one sausage (and having to pay extra for a bun), the onions in the cheese dip that comes with the pretzels, the paper plates everything is served on, not knowing what idiot is going to plop down at your table and make himself at home, the lame bouncers at the door, the valet parking.
Try this place once, if you want. And then stick to the other local bars and restaurants. The "experience" just didn't live up to what this place is clearly shooting for.I've never had anything other than a great time here. The food is great, but this place is all about the atmosphere and whom you're with.  Roast some mallows on the fire, play some jenga, get an ice cream cone. (Why don't other bars serve ice cream cones? Jackpot). Food comes out quickly and is delicious.  Depending on the day and weather, you can wait in line for quite some time. Just a heads up. Worth it, though.visited here this past sunday afternoon on 5/5/13 for the first time.....i have heard mixed reviews so i figured let me try it for myself since i love german food and there is not too many places around where you can get it....so let me make it simple. ......the food...verygood,  had brat wurst w/ sauerkraut,  potatoe salad and fries....reasonable price.......had a couple of german beers,,,cold and reasonable price.....open air area w/ picnic tables you share....very cool......................the downside.....too many little kids running around while thier yuppie mothers and fathers i guess think it's cool....very annoying.......they hand out jenga games if you want them so now your eating and the  ass next to you thinks it's funny when the blocks fall and hit your food.....not cool.....if you think there is going to be traditional german music playing....well not here...it was regae, some rap and i guess you would say some teckno........it again wasn't what i expected for a so called germanbeer garden......also the waitresses act like robots, not too friendly and they are worrying too much on how they look....but the gentleman hostess at the door was VERY friendly (but i forget his name) and at least he gave us a little history on the area and about other pubs in the area.....really cool!......checked out the toilets and they were just o.k.....not spotless!........would i come here again....maybe in the afternoon during the week but never on a weekend again.....one person told me that it really gets roudy at nite....not 4meI love this place.  Any time I have out of town guests, I try to come here.  Great giant pretzels, boozy milk shakes, beers, brats... It's just a great way to chat with friends and enjoy the weather and people watch.Great Steven star restaurant in a hipster part of Philadelphia. The lighting and attention to detail was nearly perfect except for the bar. The horse shoe design made for difficult ordering when the bar was crowded. The acoustics is also pretty deafening. 
Prices of the beer were fair with several different option sizes. The food was not bad but fette sau bbq next door was much better. 
Overall, it's a fun place for crowds and I'll definitely be back.I don't normally head up to feeshtown to hang out. It's become Chad city lately. Everywhere I look there are Land Rovers, salmon colored slacks, and piped shirt collars. Frankford Hall is one of the few reasons I'll head up to this neighborhood. 
It's situated closely to the El, and has tons of space. The food isn't like crazy authentic German, but a more palettable Americanized version. There are different types of sausages, schnitzel (my fave), and giant Bavarian pretzels. It'd be downright criminal to get a pretzel without the cheese sauce. 
Lots of seating and if it's really packed, you'd probably be fine just standing around. There's a large courtyard inside, well, technically outside. I mean it's a courtyard which is outside, but inside the establishment.  You know what I mean. There are ping pong tables too. 
They have $5 1/2 liters of German beers for happy hour from 4-7 weekdays. 
Super side note: they throw a family friendly party for Christmas every year with a pretty rockin live band. And the Santa has a real beard. 
The ONLY problem is it's in tunatownGreat bar. Great beer list. Great outdoor area that worked for either the winter or summer. The outdoor area is the highlight of this place. It's huge and they have a lot of picnic benches set up with trees to give shade during the hot summer months. In the winter they have fire pits and heated lamps everywhere which makes you forget it's 30 degrees outside. Also in the winter they have s'more packets at the bar for the fire pits, nice touch. It's also one of the few bars that has a lot of games set up - ping pong, corn hole, fuse ball. The only food I've had here is the soft pretzel which is really good but sometimes it has too much salt on it. This was our go to spot for happy hours or after dinner drinks.I wasn't overwhelmingly impressed with this place, but the space is huge and the booze is decently priced.  From what I understand, it's pretty new, and they were having all sorts of issues with kegs when I went, but I'm sure it will all iron itself out.I went here last week with a group of friends for a birthday celebration!  I have to tell you, we had a great time!  What a great place! Leave it to Stephen Starr to come up with a beer garden in Philly!!  The food was great! and of course, the beer selection - wonderful!  The night was a bit chilly, but we certainly didn't notice with the wonderful warmth coming from the heat lamps!! Love it.Great beer garden! Went on a Saturday afternoon, and there were a lot of people but still didn't feel crowded. Lots of outdoor picnic table seating. Great beer selection, which come in 0.5 or 1 L sizes. There's a food window you order from. We just had a giant soft pretzel, which was good. There's jenga, ping pong tables, and foosball tables. Would def come back here again!Frankford Hall Score: 8
Burger Quality: 2
Bun: 2
Fries: 0
Extras:  1
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: Picture that you're at your company picnic, standing next to your boss and the guy from Finance that likes to tell cat stories...that's how this burger makes you feel
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)A nice place for outdoor seating and playing games with friends. Great selection of beers but not all the station has the same thing so sometimes you would need to navigate around to order what you see on the menu. The food selection and taste are the worst of this place. I would have eaten somewhere before coming here for drinksReally fun place to hang out, especially during the day when it's sunny and not crowded.
Pros:
-Most of all, the venue! Tons of picnic tables, very open space, with Jenga and ping pong. It was a nice day and we really enjoyed sitting basically outside. It was a great way to spend a lazy Saturday afternoon with friends.
-Drinks! I enjoyed the beer, and also a S'more milkshake with Jack Daniels... wow. With a toasted marshmallow to boot!
Cons:
-Kind of far from most of my life. And it was a little pricey for the area.
-The food menu wasn't very extensive, and I was starving (because, you know, it took an hour to get there :) )
-It was windy and the umbrellas kept falling over onto tables. Really?Love the venue. Summer time it's one of the only outdoor venues, winter time they have heat lamps and fire pits. 
I do need to comment on the short, black hair, female bartender, the worst. She just gives you the small beer size without asking you what size you want. Lots of attitude. Only time I didn't tip.Environment: Nothing says it more except for the 2 ping pong tables inside.. Seriously a great laid-back scene where there's more post-grad life than there is college-vibes. Restrooms are a classic. Please look to come here if you just want a night to kick-back with the bros~
Service: Nothing to complain about. Bartenders treat you well.
Food & Drinks: Between the burgers, fries, and pretzels, you really can't go wrong. What I love is surprisingly their sauerkraut. This is indeed a game-changer in addition to their special condiments. Food matched with their beers and ciders makes this place an unbeatable combo.
Price: What can I say? Very affordable, nothing seems to be outrageously up-charged.Beer, pretzels, ping pong, big tables and benches, outdoor fire pits... good times at the Frankford Hall. Happy hour special: a big Franziskaner and pretzel for $6. I mostly love that we all smell like camping for hours after!This place is awesome! So fun! Who knew Fishtown could be so "cool?!?!" Came here for a quick drink before dinner plans in Center City. I wish we did not have dinner rsvp, because the food here looks painfully amazing (think German comfort food). I will have to come back. Damn you Stephen Starr with your cool restaurants that I always end up eating at.
I would give this place 5-stars, but there was no dark stouts on tap at either of the bars. That's a big no-no in my book.The concept at this Biergarten is pretty cool. The food is good and interesting, and there a lots of great beers on tap. It can get a but loud, and if course because it's in the now trendy & hipster Fishtown, there are lots of skinny jeans running around in this place. Additionally, parking is virtually impossible to a weekend, so if you can Frankford El it in, I would highly recommend you do so.I went here last weekend, and now, this is one of my favorite spots in all of Philly. We worried about going since it was chilly out, but the outdoor patio had three giant fire pits and lots of heaters. It felt cozy and relaxing. The mulled wine and apple cider with schnapps definitely also helped warm me up. There are jenga games sitting around all the tables. There are several ping pong tables both in and outside. The service was pretty quick despite the crowd. We didn't order any food because we had already eaten, but what other people were ordering looked delicious, especially the pretzels. I do have to say that there were a lot of drunk people for 9 pm at night, but hey it was Saturday. I can't wait to come back and try their food and some of their beer selection.It's a great time to just come and enjoy and drink a beer.
They have great sausages reminds me of Argentinean ChorizosCool place for a group of people to come by and enjoy some drinks. The atmosphere is great froth all the interactive games like ping pong. The selection of beer is good (seen better). I would have rated this higher but there was an incident I don't understand. I was ordering beer on my own pace of speech ( I'm from Cali and I'm not on edge like many people out here) and the blonde bartender doesn't like me for some reason because she took forever to come my way while she happily approached others. Then when I did order it must have not been satisfactory because she then followed by asking if I was too drunk and most definitely was not (24 yr, 180lb that had only two beers) . She then rescinded my order and got the bouncer to kick me out. NOT EVEN THE BOUNCER UNDERSTOOD WHY I WAS BEING KICKED OUT and said he was just doing his job which I understand. Me and him agreed it looked awful lot like a RACIAL micro aggression, considering I was basically the only Latino patron. The bar itself was good but this incident left me with a salty taste in my mouth and SOUL. 2015, and I still observe continuous racist blatant and micro aggressions on the daily. I'm going to have to add it the rest of the establishments I won't go back to because I racist actions. Literally kicking me out their bar exemplifies gentrification of the neighborhood.Frankford Hall is a great place to come when the weather is nice out. It's a large open environment with a ton of seating, multiple bars, and games (ping pong, jenga, etc.) I came during one of the first warm weekends of spring, so it was insanely crowded! Even though it was at maximum capacity, my friend and I had a very short wait for food and drinks.
We started out the afternoon with alcoholic milkshakes. We each had the Jack N' S'mores milkshake, which was boozy and delicious. Later, I ordered a snack of Potato Pancakes, which came with sour cream and applesauce. They were so filling and yummy! While I was there, I figured I should take advantage of the good selection of German beers, so I had a Paulaner Hefeweizen and Hacker-Pschorr Munich Gold.
I can't wait to come back on a nice day to try some other German snacks, beer, and enjoy the great outdoor space!This place is kind of douchey. 
I went on Saturday night around 10:30pm hoping to have a nice chill night of drinking German beer in an outside setting.  Unfortunately, when I arrived, the scene was the exact opposite of chill.  
First of all, there was a line to get in.  We were all standing in one area, then the bouncer yelled for us to 'MOVE and form a LINE over THIS WAY'.  Lame.  What is this, Mad River? I wanted to leave immediately but my bf insisted that we stay & check it out.  Once we got in, we realized the place was PACKED.  The crowd was an odd mix of frat-bros, cheesy looking girls all decked out in club wear and soccer moms drinking bottles of Miller Lite. There was nowhere to sit outside so we went to the inside bar.  We stood and waited.  And waited.  And waited till finally the faux hipster bartender took our order.  We left after one beer.
Pros: The space itself is gorgeous, large outside area to accomodate groups
Cons: bouncers walking around with earbuds, a Manayunk/Olde City vibe
I love outdoor drinking and I really want to like this place.  I will give it another try on a week night when it's not as packed and the novelty has worn off for the Olde City crowd.We were not that impressed w/ the menu. The wurst's were decent but overpriced and none of them come on a roll...I know that's the German way, but this is the U.S.A. and we like our dogs on a bun! The spaetzle was very good. The place has a cool interior design and the outdoor area was enjoyable. The german band was good, but the whole thing is a little too contrived. Also, the security guy's are way to obvious and overdone.What a lively fun bar.  The tables are set up family, German style.  It's all outside, with music and hanging lights. Great atmostphere!  We played Jenga, and had big beers on tap.  Great fun!I've never had a bad experience at FH! 
I came last Saturday around 10ish and the line was all the way down the street. We waited for about twenty minutes. Our friends had a table inside so it was worth the wait. It wasn't terribly crowded inside, but there was a large party in one of the rooms which I think added to the wait time. Outside area has a really good ambiance. Tons of picnic tables to sit at and fire pits to keep you warm on a chilly night. They also offer jenga to play at your table. 
All their drafts are served in either a .5 liter or 1 liter. I'm not one to drink really heavy beers so my go to is the Schofferhofer Grapefruit Hefeweizen. It's really light and super tasty! -- There big soft pretzel w/ cheese is my favorite. 
Definitely a great Sunday spot on a nice day too!There's no Philly like Fishtown and there's no Fishtown without Frankford Hall. I've been to Frankford Hall a few times over the last 5 years and have never had a sub-par time there. It's more than a German bar; it is a high quality beer garden venue that sticks to the Stephen Starr standard. 
If you've ever walked by Frankford Hall on a Saturday, you'd recognize it as the place with the massive line that goes on from 7pm past 1am. I don't see the point of waiting in line of that size when I'm not at Shoprite on a Sunday or the DMV on an any day, so we have always walked on to another one of Fishtown's quality bars. Now Fridays have always been the ideal time, with the lines not starting until past 11pm, and the place still being crowded. 
The venue itself is how I picture a German Beer Garden would look in Germany or a mock Little Germany. There are a lot of large tables inside where you can bring over jenga and other games. There's also table tennis and foosball if you're feeling sober! There's an outside courtyard with more tables and plenty of heat lamps to keep it feeling like summer...in winter. The men's bathroom have always been a joke, by having guys piss in a trough like a bunch of savages, so I'd recommend not breaking the seal here!
The beer selection is vast, and they all go into their Fishtown famous half and full mugs. The full mug is a huge commitment but worth it, while the half mug is just right at $6. I had the Black Lager, which tasted like a good strong winter beer. The food is good as well, although we only got fries this trip - with a zesty curry ketchup for $5. 
If you can beat the line on a Friday, or want to avoid any contact with people by going on a weekday, I'd recommend Frankford Hall for any sized group outing. If you're going on a Saturday...good luck!This place is just cool. I don't remember much because I was pretty drunk by the time we got here. But I remember the food being decent and the beer good. The outdoor atmosphere is different and neat.This is the kind of place where shenanigans ensue.
I think I got lucky and got one of the most perfect days to check out Frankford Hall.  I came here the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend as part of a beer garden bar crawl.  I had a lot of fun here and while I know I'll be coming back, it's only a matter of time until this place is mobbed.
Our fairly large group at first sat inside the "hall"  The large floor to ceiling windows were open to Frankford Ave and we snagged two large benches with communal tables.  We were also seated just under one of the celling fans which provided a good breeze.  The weather was perfect.
Since there is no table service here, you go up to the various stands and get your beer or food.  I opted for the liter of Köstritzer Schwarzbier.  I came walking back to the table with my liter and one of the sausages make with pork, beef and cheese.  I also got a side of spaetzle which had gravy on it and still had crispy noodles.  Prices seem a tad steep for what you're getting but that is a minor complaint in my mind.
Next, we relocated outdoors in their actual outdoor garden.  Two ping tables were besides us and it was only a matter of time until we got on them and started making fools of ourself.
I really enjoyed coming here and I know that if I have a few friends visiting that I will be taking them here to show them something they most likely haven't experienced before.This place has a great "chat with your friends" ambiance and tasty bar bites. The Bavarian warm pretzel with mustard ... the best in Philly! While they have a good beer selection they (hashtag) FAIL on the temperature of their drafts! The beer is not cold enough and it's served in warm beer glasses which, to me, is a criminal act.Definitely a great spot! I've been twice now and the place overall is 100% enjoyable.  The picnic tables, laughter, great food and open air setting, beer, service, everything is good.So this isn't going to be the typical love-fest review for Frankford Hall. I've been there a few times now and think its generally a pretty cool place. I love the concept of a beer garden and having a few in Philly is great. In theory it is also great that they have heat lamps and a fire pit so they can keep the outdoor section open in the winter. 
My most recent visit on the last Saturday in December is causing one of my gripes with the place. There's a good chance that I just shouldn't be exposed to fire pits in general, but it totally killed my experience. The smell of the fire pit gave me a decent headache when I was there. My parting gift was the lingering smell from the smoke on my jacket and clothing. So far I've run my jacket through the wash once. I'm hoping once more wash will get the smell out without having to take it to the dry cleaner. Not cool. I shouldn't have to be putting so much of my time and resources into a night out. 
For a beer garden, the beer list isn't really that impressive. I'll admit that I'm not a fan of German beers so perhaps I'd like the place better if I did like German beers. I'd really want to sip something a little more unique than a Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA, which I can get anywhere else. 
The bartenders seem like they have flunked out of their Stephen Starr training school (if there is one). Usually the caliber of employee that I've encountered is top notch. I haven't had the pleasure of ordering from anyone friendly or helpful at Frankford Hall. I'm just used to a higher standard in his establishments.  
So my recent visit warrants a 2 star review, however I do think this is a great spot in warmer months despite the limited beer selection and bartenders. As people have stated, it's a good place for groups and a pretty cool atmosphere. I would like to try the food at some point too.
See you in about 6 months Frankford Hall.Great place to hang out in a group. Its a inside/outdoor bar, the setting is chill with picnic tables and light decors. There are three bar stands and one food stand. The classic burger comes with a side of fries. The burger is pretty freshly made and if you order a side the portion is pretty big. There are also ping pong tables there too to play with friends.I'm gonna pretend this place doesn't attract a bunch of bros because I love Frankford Hall. Yes, it's where a lot of people from the 'burbs come on the weekends and thus, it gets crowded and security is necessary. Aside from that, though, it's still my favorite beer garden in Philly. Beyond spacious, heaters/firepits outside for when it gets cold, the Bavarian pretzels are huge and awesome, and the beer is reasonably priced with a good selection. It's great on weeknights with nice weather; you can sit outside and play some jenga or ping pong and it's never crowded then. I also am really partial to the exposed brick interior decor, but Steven Starr always kills it with design. Also, the bartenders are super knowledgeable.We started our night of drinking here at this beer garden in Fishtown Philadelphia. This place was hyped up by my cousins who live here so we let them take the wheel. Being on a Saturday night, there was a little wait to get in the bar as it was packed. No worries though.
Inside of the place has tables all around and two bars one inside and out. The main attraction here is the beer . They either got a pint or liter size which is very manly lol. I love wheat and hefeweizen beers so I got a liter of the paulaner hefeweizen. Good size for you to sip on while mingling in the bar. They have a food menu as well with a German influence since it was a beer garden. We ordered the pretzels with cheese. It came out hot and fresh which was a plus. Pretzels and beer is a good combo. They have one ping pong table inside which is cool but I hoped there would be more games and activities but it's okay. I know it's a bar .
Will come back again whenever I visit Philadelphia. Good beer and good vibes!Anyone that doesnt like this place should be place in front of a firing squad and be properly reprimanded. This place is the SHITTTTTTT. I have been to Oktoberfest in Munich and I LOVEEE this place.Crap!!!!! Bad pours of the beers & the German food is not even remotely close to traditional style. Cheaply made food and only geared to the 20 year olds... Such a let down... I will never spend a single dollar in this place. Yuck!I like this place because it's so unique. It's the perfect place to come on a warm summer (or spring this year) night. Half of the place is actually outdoors where they have a bunch of picnic tables, jenga sets, and trees. They sell beer by the half and full liter, and thankfully, they allow you to sample them before you order such a large glass. Personally, I only order the half liters because one liter costs the same as 2 half liters, and the whole liter is obnoxious to carry around. In the fall, they sold smore kits and had fire pits to make them on, but they are apparently gone for the season. This place is pretty large, so it's a good option when you're going out with a big group of friends.FH provides a great atmosphere for beers and socializing while we dined on well-seasoned fries dipped in curried ketchup, a tasty giant pretzel, and a delicious soft serve ice cream cone.The space is amazing!  They have an enclosed outdoor area (kinda like a prison yard lol) with lots and lots and lots of communal benches.  In the winter time, they have heat lamps and a fire pit for smores.  I can only imagine how crazy it gets in the summertime.  The beer menu is pretty intense, they serve beer in gargantuan mugs and there is a ping pong and fooseball table.  The food was ok, I tried the lamb burger and bites of other dishes.  The one thing that stood out were the fries and the curry ketchup, delicious!The thing I love most about Frankford Hall is that it's one of a kind. There is nowhere else in Philly quite like this place. It's a very laid-back outdoor beer garden complete with picnic tables and a fire pit with indoor space too. They have Jenga and Ping Pong which makes for an interesting evening after a few beers. I didn't have any of their food but it looked really good (especially the Pretzels and Hot Dogs). The bar is pretty big but it was somewhat crowded when I was there. I definitely recommend checking out Frankford Hall especially when it's 60+ degrees outside. Steven Starr has once again done a great job at bringing a different concept to Philly's restaurant/bar scene.Frankford Hall always knows how to keep things entertaining and lively and during my most recent visit that couldn't have been more true. My normal Sunday morning was injected with some fun science as Frankford Hall participated in a science crawl through Fishtown as part of The Philadelphia Science Festival and one of the highlights here was squinking! And if you aren't familiar with squinking, it's painting with squid ink. With a beer and pretzel in one hand and paintbrush in the other hand I couldn't have enjoyed myself more. Keep it up Frankford Hall!!He's done it again!  The space is amazing-- a converted building on Frankford Ave with both an indoor section and an outdoor garden.  This has quickly become one of my favorite places to spend a Friday night.  The beer is great, albeit a little pricey, but they just started a half-priced happy special!  The soft pretzels alone earn Frankford Hall a five star rating!What a great, fun, and relaxing atmosphere of an eatery!! A great selection of draft beers and a fun german beer hall inspired menu.  Didn't eat much when I went but loved the little mustard bar for the soft pretzels.  Will definately be going back to try wurst of some kind and the german potato salad.  And maybe some ping pong too.
Tip - If you're looking for a little price savings/ food deals try happy hour or PhillyNerdNite (once a month during the week)Solid German Beer Garden. From the picnic tables and the games, like table tennis, it is a pretty chill hangout. The prices are on the higher end but you can opt and choose the liter glasses, which can be a workout just by walking around and holding it. The actual bar is fairly sizeable even when it is crowded. If it does get crowded, move on over to their outside seating, which has heating lamps if it's a colder night.
I recommend loading up on the pretzels their fairly sizeable to share. Combine the food with their beer and you in for a good night. Their drink selection is not your typical Miller or Coors. Most of their drinks are overflowing with flavor. Your taste buds will not be resting tonight. Peep this location out.One of the best day drinking spots in the city! Whether it's a nice day and you want to sit outside by a fire pit or it's rainy and you want to sit inside and play jenga, this is the place! They have a great beer selection, beer cocktails and boozy milkshakes. They have a limited food menu, but everything I've tried has been delicious. You can't go wrong with a cold beer accompanied by a giant soft pretzel, am I right?!Perfect day drinking location!! 
Great beers, good German food and games and outside seating. 
Beware: if it's a really nice day out there will be a line to get in you early afternoon!!
They have Jenga for all the tables, fire pits, ping pong, and foosballPretzels and sausages are delicious, good beer selection, great outdoor seating with heat lamps and fire pits to keep you warm even in fall/winter months. Highly recommend camping out here if you're waiting on a pizza from nearby Pizzeria Beddia, the ping pong table and jenga will help pass the time. Also came here with friends on Halloween last year for a nice chill but fun night.I've got to admit that the ambience of this place is superb.  It's not uppity like some Stephen Starr restaurants; it's actually got a chill vibe to it.  The crowd is young professionals, hipsters...anyone that just enjoys drinking.  There were no loud obnoxious..jersey shore wannabes there.  If you are looking for a new group hangout..come here, especially on a night where it's 75 degrees out.  My friends and I didn't bother grabbing food since we already ate at PYT, but there's really not that much selection at this place re: food.  In regards to beer, there's a good selection, but it's not as vast as I thought it would be.  I will be coming back againGreat beer selection. Pretty good food. It has a nice vibe. It's a pretty typical Biergarten with all the appropriate accoutrements with a slight hipster vibe. It's definitely worth a stop by but to with friends. Not a great place to meet people.I used to live just outside of Munich and went to a lot of beer gardens. This place is takes the best parts of the beer gardens of Bavaria and reinvents the rest. The beer selection was nice, the games were fun and social, and the food tastes better the more beer you drink. 
This place is an excellent place, I am considering moving just to live closer.Frankford Hall hosts weekly watch parties for Game of Thrones and boy is it the perfect venue. Long wooden tables, big a** beer steins, and great german style brats (INSERT REEK JOKE HERE). I can't wait for the season finale party this Sunday!I had been itching to try Frankford Hall since I read about the place on Yelp. I was a fan of the old Ludwig's Garten (closed), and was interested in another German pub for whenever I get the itch for that thing.
I used to get Aventinus Schneider on tap at Ludwig's. This is a particularly potent brew (13% or so). They had it in 16 oz bottles. The first thing I noticed was that the crowd was very young and preppy, which didn't really bother me. Everyone seemed cool. 
I went out to the beer garden, which was super cool. It's outdoors with tables and ping pong tables which were being enjoyed by the patrons. Gas heaters took away the fall chill. There is a food window there where you order from. The people at the food window were  polite and helpful. 
I ordered a knockwurst with red cabbage. You can choose red cabbage or sauerkraut. I also ordered spaetzle. The only spaetzle I had ever had before was the kind in your frozen Bird's Eye green beans, and I did remember liking that. The spaetzle was made with bacon. 
Honestly, I didn't care for the spaetzle. It tasted greasy, maybe because of the bacon fat. Keep in mind, I'm no expert on spaetzle, so I have nothing to compare it to. 
The knockwurst was good as was the red cabbage. I don't know if it was a house-made knockwurst or not. Overall, the food was good but not great. Keep in mind too that I only had one knockwurst. Maybe some of the dishes are more memorable.
The atmosphere, however, was great. Frankford Hall is definitely a cool place to come hang out . It is clean, well-managed, and has a friendly clientele. It's not as authentically German as Ludwig's was, but it's definitely worth your while to come here.
12/18/2011
Stopped by this afternoon with a friend for a drink and a bite. I ordered the bratwurst with red cabbage and a side of German potato salad. My friend got a cheeseburger with fries & curry ketchup. We had a really nice barmaid named Sarah, who was cool and personable. The food came out lightening quick, but did not seem at all thrown together. The brat was cooked perfect and served on a toasted bun. The red cabbage was tasty, and disappeared quick. My friend reported that her burger was tasty. Sarah told us that the ground beef was of particularly high quality (she mentioned that the ground beef was the same sold to a high end restaurant in town, but who really knows?) The German potato salad was very good. I am a fan of Brauhaus Schmitz, but their German potato salad sucks. Frankford Hall's G potato salad is exponentially better. For $4, they give you a decent sized portion that 2 people can share. Overall, the food seemed better than on my first visit. 
Sarah and I both discussed the absence of Donner Kabobs (the German gyro) on the menu at F.H. I suggest to the owners that, if they consider adding this item to the menu, to try the Donner Kabob at Brauhaus Schmitz. I think theirs' is the ideal to strive for.
All in all, thoroughly enjoyed my latest visit to Frankford Hall. It's a worthy stop by any measure.One of my favorite places in Philly. Good food and drink and there is so much to do as well. I love the outdoor seating.This place is pretty darn cool for a beer garden. They have a lot of seating, heat lamps, fire pits, and games such as jenga, ping pong and fuseball. I came with a group of friends and luckily we edged our way into some seating b/c it does get quite full. They also have a good selection of beer. I had their grapefruit hefenweizer (spelling not sure of) and it was very refreshing. It had a nice grapefruit taste. It was $7 for a half liter which is actually pretty reasonable... Its kinda hard to catch a cab at the end of the night, so my suggestion is to try to leave a little before it closes otherwise you might be waiting a while.This place is seriously fun. Great outdoor space with games for the table as well as ping pong and a foosball table. I tried the beer sangria and it was really good. They have a great beer selection sold in either .5 or 1 liter glasses. Definitely will be back!!Frankford Hall is a great indoor/outdoor hangout all year round. You can hop on a ping pong table over the summer, or cuddle by a fire pit on a cool winter evening. And you can always jump in on a round of jumbling towers! Various sizes of beer to choose from, but the half liter is always a fun choice. While they do have dinner options available, I'd recommend just going for the bar snacks. Split a giant Bavarian pretzel with a friend. And don't overlook the Cheese Spätzle- a decliously cheesy, gooey gnocchi-like dish. Definitely my favorite bar in this area!Hip beer garden just around the corner from the Girard stop on the El. We were drawn to the Hall on memorial day weekend, and lucked out. Choice of sitting in the sun in long, shared picnic benches, or in the shade at tall bar stools with large ceiling fans makes it a comfortable outdoor space on hot summer days and nights. We enjoyed wheat beer, Munich lager, and the Spaten Oktoberfest equally in large stein glasses. The bratwurst was delicious, with very spicy mustard and kraut. Kids were running around the family-friendly garden, and folks were enjoying ping pong games in the sunny garden. The pints are expensive, but over-sized. Will return this summer!Pros
Beer selection
Games
Cons
Food.  I think the veggie burger was a microwaved Boca burger?  And my fries were over cooked.  The people next to me had normal looking fries while mine were way too dark.  And the sweet cabbage had too much cinnamon.  
I'll totally go back and give them another chance....Definitely a place you have to try if you love beer. Great selection of beers and they serve them in huge German style glasses. The pretzels are fresh and have a great flavor. The burgers are also very good. The buns are fresh and full of sesame seeds. I had the BBQ burger which was delicious. Great atmosphere also. We played Jenga while we got hammered!! Lol! We shared a table with another group and we were laughing the whole day. It was a great way to celebrate St. Patricks day. Even if we weren't at an Irish Pub.Very cool beer garden.  Nice ambience with plenty of seating and good beer and food.  
A little overpriced for Philly but not too bad.I went to frankford hall on saturday night with a few friends - our party consisted of people ranging in age from mid 30s to 50s and we are all professionals.  I am canadian & was visiting philadelphia for the weekend - at the door, 2 of us got id'd and i showed my driver's license - the guy @ the door said that they only accept passports as valid ID.  my driver's license does not expire until 2016.  the bouncer then marked the back of each hand with a HUGE X with permanent marker.
my friends went through several rounds of drinks & at one point, someone bought me a beer.  within minutes of the beer arriving, 2 bouncers came up & said that i have x's on my hands and CANNOT drink and i MUST leave the premises NOW.  they drew a LOT of attention to our group & while my friends were busy protesting, they "escorted" me out by myself - kid you not, they kicked me out!
i wish i could adequately review the food or drink or anything else - but honestly, this was the most HUMILIATING experience i have ever had - all i can assume is that Frankford Hall, and in turn, Starr group of restaurants, does not want international business and that they think it is okay as a practice to force a small woman from a different country out onto the street by herself on a Saturday night.Love this place. Granted, it's no Hofbrauhaus, but for Fishtown USA, it'll do. 
I love the giant pretzels. I love the regular pretzels. I love the bier cheese. I love that they give me potato pancakes with apple sauce & sour cream and I don't have to choose between the two! I love that they have Franziskaner Hefe Weiss on tap! I love that I can get a giant liter of beer & drink boys under the table! (or at least feel like I am)
I do not love that they also carry Miller Lite - nor that they do not have a giant Boot that you can drink out of. What kind of German Beer Hall is this without DAS BOOT!? I also wish the outdoor area had some kind of tarp or retractable covering. It's cool but seems like a waste when it's colder out/bad weather.Went here with a big group post kickball victory, and we were all pretty excited about this spot.  
There isn't a wait staff, so you go to different windows to order beer and food - big plus if you are really impatient and don't want to sit for even one minute with a sad looking empty glass, big negative if you are lazy and like to be waited on.  I am both - but given the short distance to the beer window, I think I'll count it as a plus!  
The beer selection was pretty good - not a huge selection of drafts, but a good variety.  I will definitely be back a few more times before it gets too cold.....Great atmosphere for hanging out with friends, especially large groups. I appreciate the games that are available (ping pong, fooz ball, jenga). My favorite thing on the menu is PORK SHANK! :)This review isn't for food:
We went here with a big group of friends on a Saturday afternoon. We didn't have any food so I can't speak to that, but we had a lot of drinks and sat around playing games for a few hours. They have a cool and eclectic selection of beers and drinks, which is a nice change up from your usual beer gardens. The inside is very open with big long tables and high tops. There is plenty of room and I didn't feel crowded. Outside is so cute! More long tables with heating lamps and a ping pong table and fire pits. We loved it! There are multiple bars, so you're never waiting long to get a drink. We got there around 3 and there wasn't a line, but around 6 a line started forming and more people started coming. Overall, I highly recommend for a casual outing with friends or a big group of people. You can reserve sections or tables for your group, which is nice if you have a sizeable group. 
And they have Jenga and cards to play!A lot of beers on tap and nice German bar food. The outdoor space is so much fun! A lot of picnic tables set up and even in February there were many outdoor heater spread out all over and fire pits so you can be outside at night and not be cold at all! Fast service and nice place to hang, day or nightThis place really put fishtown on the map, great outdoor german biergarten with fun games, delicious pretzels and of course liters of beer. They are still open in the winter, but its a much smaller area.You enter greeted by the fresh smell of sauerkraut as you walk the open style hall.  With ping-pong tables at all corners, there is no doubt in my mind that how much you enjoy your stay is directly linked to the weather!
While there are plenty beers available in 1/2 liter or liter offerings, keep in mind you are paying a slight premium.  The food seems authentic and is served promptly even when they appear extremely busy. Overall, nothing to complain about, yet nothing to get overly excited about.When the weather cools down, where will you find me?
Frankford Hall....eating a giant pretzel and roasting smores with strangers around a bonfire. 
This place is the bomb diggity. There are ping pong tables, jenga everywhere, beer steins, and bonfires. It feels like one big party and everyone gets to know one another. The food is great too...just stick to the classic German dishes (and the big pretzel!). Splurge on the hand cut fries but skip the burgers. They actually reminded me of the burgers I had when spending time in Germany....tasteless, with an odd texture. 
You're guaranteed to have a good time here. I also do and I always look forward to when I can go back.When on a Sunday in December to see Santa. The cheese with the pretzels is delicious. My family and I were trying to figure out what's in it the whole time. Between the fire pits, hot chocolate, beer selection, service, and warm and inviting atmosphere it's hard to beat. I would definitely return. I'd love to go there a little later on a Friday and see if it works as well.Great bar!  Beautiful unique space with an open courtyard in the center and plenty of seating. Go with a large group, grab a table, play some Jenga and sit for hours. Great beer, good food and very reasonable prices. Personally, I just  love this place!!Great place to hang out with friends. I always have a great time here. They also serve alcohol, so don't let it being a beer garden fool ya! Also, there's games available to play with including Jenga and a ping pong table.I am only giving this 4 stars because its in my neighborhood and no matter how bad his restaurants always are, having the name in the neighborhood cant hurt for other better places to follow.  But this place....needs a lot of help....
Ok, so its a cool place if youve got a big group of friends and you are JUST going to have beer.  I wsa a little shocked how limited their bar was.  Just two kinds of wine and very limited spirits, only a few that would really just be served as shots.  Its appearance is a lot like an outdoor cafeteria at a college and the crowd helps it to feel that way too.  Crowds of meathead jocks playing loud drinking games and beer pong....  
And the food was the worst part.  Nothing about any of it was even remotely acceptable to be served to the public.  It was embarassing.  Although the horseradish mustard was delish!
Id say I might go back, but only early in the day when it was a bit quieter.  But I will say that it almost seems insulting to the neighborhood how cheaply he threw the place together.Absolutely love this place!! The beer selection is off the charts and being able to sit out and look at the stars and catching up with friends in the beer garden is a huge plus. They have ping pong tables and Jenga to help pass the time and take you back to the good ole dorm days. In the fall they have the heat lamps out and you can get a fresh Bavarian pretzel or a s'mores kit to enjoy while have a few craft brews. Seriously if you're reading this go now and have a cold one for me.One of my favorite outdoor drinking sites. I love coming to this place because they offer free games such as ping-pong and jinga two great games to play when on your trying to drink and enjoy the day off.  Get there early because this place gets packed quick on the weekend. One thing I really enjoy is the actual easiness of the whole bar.  You go up to the bar or kitchen and and you don't have to worry about a waitress. Place your order and grab a number and wait for your food to come to you. It does get any easier than that. I discovered that my new favorite drink is a radler, almost reminds me of a summer shanty. Totally recommended on a nice warm day.The beer is tasty!
The schnitzel is decent but would've been better if they had jager schnitzel.
The wursts are yummy.Stephen Starr's indoor/outdoor beer garden. As long as you manage your expectations and recognize that Frankford Hall's focus is on the beer and the ambiance - and not the food - you should be pretty satisfied. 
Unlike some other Starr restaurants that can feel gimmicky (not that I have a problem with that), Frankford Hall keeps it simple with exposed brick façades and re-claimed industrial metals. The courtyard is filled with communal wooden picnic tables, beneath trees and strings of lights. With the liveliness of the courtyard, Frankford Hall is poised to be a hot spot for the upcoming summer months. 
Don't get it twisted: this place is all about the beer (ordered from a walk-up counter). Most of the beers run between $6-8 for a half-liter and $13-$15 for a full liter, which is pretty much equivalent to a pitcher. I really liked the Spaten Oktoberfest, which is a little on the sweeter side. And if you're a real beer connoisseur, you may want to try the Dogfish Head exclusive, My Antonia, which is only available here. 
Even though the food is admittedly overpriced for what it is, it's nice to have something to munch on. We tried:  
- Bavarian Pretzel: I think I actually prefer this pretzel to the traditional Philly pretzel (blasphemy, I know). These are served warm, crunchy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside. Smaller pretzels are available at the walk-up counter (with the option of cheese sauce) and larger steering-wheel sized ones are peddled by servers walking around with baskets.
- Fries: Shoe-string fries with curry ketchup; they are definitely not stingy with the salt on these, which would bother me normally, but the salt was actually quite welcome with such great quantities of beer.
- Spaetzle with Bacon: Cheesy pillows of goodness are going to be delicious no matter what - you can't really mess spaetzle up.
- Sausage and Sauerkraut: Pretty average wurst in size and taste, and the sauerkraut was slightly mealy
- Mustard: it's free and self-dispensable from an island in the middle of the courtyard, but I have to mention it because it was such a nice accompaniment to the fries and pretzel. One type is a pretty standard Grey Poupon and the other is a smooth mustard that has a big kick to it, similar to wasabi.
Note: If you come, you had better be comfortable with a bro scene. If the clientele around us was any indicator, the two ping pong tables located in the courtyard will soon evolve (or devolve, depending on your perspective) into beer pong tables.Loved it, every positive thing you read on Yelp about this place is true.  Didn't really try the food, but the beer selection was amazing, and prices were not bad.  Yea, the liters of german beer are $11-$14 but it doesn't take many.  We went in mid-November and the open air courtyard had the right combination of firepits and heaters to keep everyone warm.  Plenty of seats.  Yea there was a long line to get in, even at 9pm on a Saturday, but it really paid off because it was no over crowded at all inside.A few drinks in from Hop Sing, we made our way over to Frankford Hall via one of the most fun Uber Rides I've been in- think impromptu cash cab.
There was a longish line and we already had some friends inside, so we settled in for a long wait. The line instead moved really fast. Too fast- the last two members of our group, by the time they got there we were in. The line had tripled in length, and they gave up hope and left.
Frankford is a medium sized bar with a back wall that opens to a huge courtyard with am improbably number of tables in open air. On one side beers are sold, on the other is food. The potatoe pancakes were the highlight, but everything else was tasty too. A friend grabbed me a gigantic beer, bemoaning that the boots were sold out. I was getting drunk by the time I finished the beer and food. The temperature was dropping, so we pushed our way inside. Somehow we managed to take over the foosball table, and then later the pingpong table, but be prepared to defend against people wanting to challenge you for them. 
People were friendly, though a bit Bro heavy. In the end, this is a very popular and crowded spot for good german beer (not cheap) and reasonably priced food. The added benefit of expansive seating and the chance to get to play ping pong in a crowded bar pushes this to five stars for me. Its a simple concept but really well executed.
I'm sure it would be more popular if so many people didn't come there...One of the best happy hours I have been to. $5 half liter beer, $3.50 for sausages and $3.50 for pretzel with cheese sauce. Great deal. The sausages and pretzels are delicious and the cheese sauce is to die for. I was not that big of a fan for the schnitzel but it was ok. The bells two hearted ale is awesome.I had some doubts coming into this place, since it's a Stephen Starr place and I'm a broke 20-something. But the atmosphere is great in the courtyard with bars all around you. It was a little pricey but they have great micro brews and local beers. And many of there beers are available in liters! Aww yeahhh! But I did find it strange that they do not let you open a tab. If you pay with a card, you need to close it out with each purchase. I'd definitely go back again, but only if I have some money to blow.
www.ohivedonethat.blogspot.comThis is the best beer garden in philly. Large tables for groups, beer in liter mugs, games and pub food. We had a blast and would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to have a great time with friends. If you go please invite me.Mostly macro beers...womp, womp, womp.  DFH and Stoudt's are the ONLY locals I saw on tap when we visited. You know, PA breweries DO make German style beers. Case in point: PBC is right up Frankford Ave and their Kenzinger would fit in nicely (ok, I concede that the F&G neighborhood has plenty of Kenzinger...but how about another brewery? Sly Fox? Weyerbacher?) 
That said, the place had a nice vibe, great building.  The Starr connection definitely makes it a place where the local residents will bring their suburban parents.  
Did not get food, but we should probably try it some time...I am cautious after seeing some of the middle-of-the road yelp and so-so Inky reviews. If I'm gonna get a weiner, I'm probably going to get  it up the road at MTR.What's not to love? Good German beer plus some American ringers for those who can't leave their house without soaking themselves in hoppy IPAs. Frankford Hall is a casual, fun loving bar with an authentic German style outdoor beer garden.  Decent enough food to soak up the old school German Hefe's, Pilsners and Lagers that are sometimes hard to find on tap at non-German establishments in the US. There's no table service...just the bar for the beer and the counter for the snacks..so plan to get up and move around a lot. There's Ping Pong, Baggo, Foosball, Jenga...it's really a beer loving ADD sufferer's dream and as I write this I'm wondering why I don't go there more often.Honestly, not a huge fan of huge restaurant groups or even the Starr Group in particular, but I lurrrrved this place. No greater place to spend a warm Sunday afternoon than at this biergarten. One of my friends actually lives really close to this place and we decided to bring along with us Settlers of Catlan. To our surprise, a group of guys with the same game sat down at a table adjacent to us.
It's great food in a great open space. (I had a soft pretzel with cheese dip as well as the potato cakes with smoked salmon, both were more than delicious.)  I do think it is a bit pricy, but I'll pay. Wish we had more large spaces like this in DC.This place was such a pleasant surprise.  My party of six went here last Saturday night when it was pretty damn cold outside (well, it was January, doy!).  Nevertheless, we ended up outside in the beer garden area because the inside was overflowing with people having a really good time.  Once we were out there, we realized that it wasn't that bad because they have an abundance of heaters and fire pits all over the place.  Once ordered, the food didn't take very long to come out and everybody was stoked with what they ordered.  The potato pancakes were one of my favourites, mmmmm.  
This place is just a really good time.  They have ping pong set up out back, and Jenga for most of the tables.  OH! I'm now a fan of mulled wine thanks to FH.  Sitting outside, sipping some delicious mulled wine, playing Jenga with friends, enjoying some indie music, eating German food....what more could you ask for, really?One of my favorite places in Philly. Awesome German food, great atmosphere for all ages (but typically college-30s). Just a great place to go and hang without being at an obnoxious club. Love the outdoor courtyard. And, obviously, a solid German beer selection as well as some other styles.Great location and beer selection. Staff seemed annoyed to be there however, and I continuously saw them running some sketchy practices. 1) Bus boys taking away half consumed beers as soon as paying customers looked away or didn't have their hand on them. This happened fireside to a group next to us and then they blamed us for the beer they were still drinking disappearing. I understand that they need to clear tables and clean glassware, but stealing from paying customers isn't great for business. 2) Handed the bartender a $20 for one beer and she gave me change as if I had paid with a $10. Glad that I checked the change before putting it away. I wonder how much extra money they pocket each night pulling this scam. 3) Menu prices not accurate, even with tax. A pretzel listed on the menu for $5.50 cost me $10.80 after tax? Again, like I said, I really enjoyed the atmosphere here. Cool crowd and decor and firepits and games. The service just isn't there. Genuinely seemed like they are looking to steal from customers and the owners.Terrific place and a solid go-to. However - it would be great to see some bike racks out front! It's always a pain to walk all over the block looking for a place to lock my bike.When I first heard about the outdoor area, I thought my friends were nuts for wanting to take me here in December. Now, I'm so glad they did.
This is a fantastic hangout spot. Unlike a lot of bars that are loud and don't have much seating, this place has giant middle school style picnic tables so that everyone can crowd around and actually talk to each other. Because of the awesome heating system, you don't even realize you're outside! Toasty.
I didn't get a chance to try the food because we arrived so late, but the options seemed yummy. Beer is pretty expensive so we just split a few pitchers. The selection is decent.
Overall, the atmosphere is awesome and I would love to return. I'm pumped to have found a bar that encourages social gatherings and not just sloppy swaying to the music.Firepits, liters of beer, ping pong, bratwurst. What more do you need? 
There is a line on weekends, just keep that in mind.  The line moves pretty quickly.Frankford hall is one of my favorite hangout spots in Philly. Good beer, lots of space to hang out, fun hip crowd. Yes, I'm in!I spent 4 months in Germany and this place has the same feel (with a slightly modern twist). Tons of authentic German beers on tap served in liter steins. Massive outdoor area...great in the winter or summer. Warm, fresh pretzels while playing ping pong is a must.Showed up here on a Saturday night for a birthday party. The space is huge and the courtyard is pretty awesome. The food looks good especially the pretzels and we will come back another time to check all of that out. I have read many good things about this place especially their HH specials and since we moving less than 1/2 a mile away we will be spending some time here in the future. The courtyard was continuously packed the whole time we were there but we were able to find some tables inside near the front. The addition of the random drunk Jengas everywhere is pretty cool and definitely provides hours of entertainment. The beers are huge and the liquor drinks while limited are good as well. The bartenders are conversational and cool and their prices aren't terrible. All in all I would say that this was a really good 1st visit to Frankford and it most certainly won't be our last.I LOVE THIS PLACE! I'm new to Philly and I've already been here three times! First two times were on Friday nights, when it was more of a bar atmosphere (bouncer and all). Third time was on a Thursday early evening, and it was less crowded, with a lot of families as well as groups of coworkers there for happy hour. Super chill atmosphere with cute lighting. There is a ton of seating and space (both indoor and outdoor) and it's great for groups. The Bier Sangria (sangria with a splash of beer), pretzels & cheese sauce, and fries & curried ketchup are AWESOME! Spicy sausage was just okay (wasn't very flavorful, just tasted like a normal hotdog). There was also jenga, ping pong, and checkers, which I loved. Great place to go during summer, and I've heard it's good during the colder months too. And Barcade is right down the street if you're looking to go to a few places in the same night! Can't wait to bring guests here!Awesome place to drink some beer, especially during the summer.  Tons of outdoor tables --- even the indoor area is open and there's a nice breeze.  Good set up in that you go to the bar to get everything yourself and bring it to your table so you never have to sit around waiting for a waitress.  We were there on a packed Friday night and the lines at the bar / food area never got really long.
4 Stars.  Loses a star because the beer selection is a little more limited than I would expect at a place like this.  There were about 8-10 beers on tap, with another 10-15 selections in bottles.  Still, tasty beers.  Highly recommended.Really comfortable atmosphere and easy-to-spot red and white striped door. While I visited Frankford Hall in December, I could definitely see how the open air seating would be a blast in the summertime. The indoor area was nice and cozy with plenty of available tables and benches on a Thursday night.
I told the bartender my beer preferences and she poured me a generous half liter of the Franziskaner Dunkel-Weiss. It was delightfully smooth, nutty, and blissfully void of hoppy flavor. My friend and I had made it in time for happy hour so we scored our beers and hot pretzels for about $6 or so- nice! I went on to order the Weisswurst (which does come with a bun) and a German chocolate cupcake. I was hopeful about the food despite others' remarks, but I have to say it was pretty disappointing. The sausage was decent, but I have had better from the supermarket. I didn't really care for the cabbage accompaniment, it was super sweet and didn't pair that well with my sausage. The cupcake was subpar too.  The frosting had a weird rancid cheese taste and there was a weird clump of sugar-crusted coconut in the middle. The cake base was decent, I guess.
In essence, this is a wonderful spot for after work drinks and relaxing with friends. The seating is ideal for big groups. I recommend going elsewhere for dinner.What a fun adventure Frankford Hall was! Uniquely designed for fun and/or relaxation in their exposed courtyard or industrial interior drinking hall, this place had it all. We enjoyed a pint (or two) of authentic German draughts and deliciously gigantic pretzels. Can't wait to go back!!!!First the bad: I will never go here on a Friday/Saturday night. The place gets too packed to move and the crowd is a bit bro-y and it can sometimes be obnoxious. However, if you go any other day of the week, it's pretty great. They have a good beer selection and a full bar, but definitely go for the beer. The menu is OK. Recently, they expanded it to have more entrees so it's a little better. Not the easiest menu for vegetarians. The atmosphere is great, especially when the weather's nice. Go expecting to make new friends. Everything is pretty much self-serve. You go to the bar for your own drinks and order your food from a separate counter. Note: you cannot transfer tabs from one bar to another or from the bar to the food counter. Overall, it's a good place to hang out.This is one of my favorite places ever! does not matter WHAT SEASON IT IS!  
whether it is summer or winter they have outdoor seating. 
in the winter they had heat lamps in between tables and they have a firepit where you can make smores (they sell the smore packets for $1 by where the bar is)
German beers on tap---my favorite is "Franziskaner Hefeweizen". LETS GET REAL! i am a small korean girl...there is no way I can pronounce that correctly, but I just say I want a "frankenstein" and they usually understand what I am trying to say.  the beer is light, crisp and goes perfectly with their food.  
A lot of their food can be somewhat "salty" but it works well bc the beer just taste THAT much better. so thirst quenching mm!-----GET THE PRETZEL AND FRIES! dont freak out when  you realize that you already used all the ketchup they give you in that tiny paper cup...you can go refill it by the condiment station. 
great games to play with fweeenndds
ping pong table, jenga, foosball, and dominos. I'm not going to lie...the jenga is getting real dirty -_- borderline get some purrell.I've been here twice, once in the summer on a slow night and once more recently in the beginning of fall.  I loved the feel of the crowded room inside spilling out to the open outdoors. There is a super casual atmosphere with bar-goers standing around playing games with friends and drinking German beer.  It's perfect on a warmer night when spending time outside is an option.
The beer steins come in liter sizes, so they keep you busy for a while.  With a solid selection of beers, everyone can order their preference in small, medium, or large quantities.  I also tried out the German food and it was such a treat!  I went with the käse spätzle appetizer, which was noodles with cheese and a bit of caramelized onion on the top.  I also tried some of the soft pretzel, which was huge!  I would recommend sharing and getting the cheese sauce.  The food is a bit pricey for some, but fits the quality of the food and location of the bar well.
Frankfort hall is such a fun experience that's definitely meant to be shared with others; the more friends, the merrier!  I love this bar for a weekend hangout and will definitely be back for more liter beers with friends.Never had a bad time here.  It's always so much fun.  The food I've had there has always been stellar, the beer is delish, and the atmosphere is awesome.LOVE!! Such an awesome concept, perfectly executed. Awesome beer, outdoor heat lamps and firepit, s'mores, apps and fun games (ping pong, JENGA)...it's like a high-end frat house featuring liter-size mugs of beer. If you're looking for a fun, casual spot to hang out with friends, this is def the place to go. Parking was fairly easy (at least the night we went) to find as well.Loved it here! The atmosphere was lively and it was nice sitting outdoors. We tried the giant pretzel and the bratwursts and they were so good with a ginormous beer. We'll def be back and will friends next time!Really nice place to relax and have fun with friends. I'm not a beer drinking but I know my company enjoyed he options.I was here recently on a brisk Monday night. It was really enjoyable: the heat lamps were glowing, the fire pit was crackling, and the place was practically empty. I walked over to the bar to grab another beer and I observed two bros in collared shirts having a chugging contest. It woke me from my lucid state, and I realized where I was: Frankford Hall, the once great German beer hall that's since been hijacked by the brotards to become one of the most obnoxious bro bars in the city. Try going here on a weekend and you'll see what I mean: long lines to get in, bouncers, and bros, bros, bros. I wish they'd open a McFadden's nearby to draw away all the bros, that way we can take back what really is a great space for (German) beer aficionados.Frankford Hall is really, really cool. The place is huge which means you will rarely find yourself cramped between sweaty dudes which is always a plus. 
My friends and I came here on a January night and they had heaters and fire pits blazing in the outdoor space. It was so nice and I almost forgot how cold it actually was. 
You can buy really huge beers here which is cool. I'm not a big fan of beer so I got the apple cider. It was ok.
This place has good fries and I've heard the pretzels are good too. I love any bar that serves food late! 
In conclusion, definitely check this place out if you're in the area! It's a really fun spot to hang out.GREAT beer selection, just wish they didn't charge so much for it. However, when you factor in the the overall experience, it's definitely worth paying more. As far as I know this place is fairly unique in Philly, and when it's cooler they have a nice fire going for SMORES!
I'd recommend going during the week, it gets crazy busy on the weekends, especially if it's nice out. I've seen lines to get in on Friday nights that are easily 50+ people long...This is a short walking distance from the Piazza, however i would suggest driving at night time. Because that side of Girard is like the crossing the Syrian broader!  If you drive the parking is not a difficult thing. I give this place 5 stars for the burger alone. Definitely try the Kanzler burger. Its was server on a sesame seed bun with a aged beef patty, gooey gruyere cheese, grilled onions and bacon. In one one word perfection. We also tried the sausage with sauerkraut which was mediocre. Perhaps the spicy sausage might have been better. From my observation regulars were enjoying the warm Bavarian Pretzel with cheese dip. Looking forward to going back for the burger and the rotating draft beer.The few times I've been here I've had a great experience. Once was late night with a couple friends where we enjoyed some brews and met new people. More recently it was to have a beer and some brauts before going to a comedy show at Punchline. The staff are hip and trendy with the Philly atmosphere and very sweet. The food was awesome - definitely recommend the pretzel with cheese sauce, the classic brautwurst and German potato salad. The beers were amazing as well. Knowing almost nothing about beer the bartender was extremely helpful (and non judgemental of my lack of beer education) and she recommended a delicious beer for me.Every thing about me wants to not like this place. Not a huge Star fan, through personal experience not dinning experience. Don't like big beef-n-beer style seating. Can't stand little kids running around a bar when I'm drinking, not anti kid-anti kid running. I spent more time waiting for buses at this intersection as a kid, so not even a fan of the location. Never had a bad experience there ever. Not a smudge on a glass, not a food order miscue, no small portion, no drinks on my tab. I have actively tried not to like it. I love it. Freshly made shandy, aka raddlers, yummy pretzels, and a beautiful set up. Hell even the doormen are pleasantMy fiance and I heard very great things about this place. The decor is very rustic and open. It is a great socializing location. The place is a German theme with the beers and food. They have tons of games that you can play like Jenga, ping pong, fuse ball, and other games. The beers come in .5L or 1L. The appetizers are German based. My fiance got the fries with curry ketchup and a warm Bavarian pretzel with cheese sauce. Both were amazing. My fiance and i enjoyed our drinks and appetizers outside while playing Jenga. It was a great time. 
The only downfall is the parking. There is only street parking which is hard to find. It's great for big groups though on a summer evening. 
We would definitely be back with friends.The drinks were a bit pricey, but they did have a great rotating tap from St. Ben which was delicious. Also had a gluten free beer (Estrella Damm Daura). 
A bit crowded and difficult to get bartender's attention. Didn't stay long but it was good while we were there!Great place to grab a beer after work. Has good happy hour specials for beer and foods, tons of outdoor seating and even ping pong!  We got the pretzel and sausage. Both were good, though I wasn't a fan of the cheese sauce for the pretzel, mustard is much better. Bartenders were also really nice and the other staff was quick to clear our empties. Would definitely go back!I want to like this place...and I kind of do. Being able to have a beautiful outdoor space to chill and drink beers with friends is awesome. Paying 8.75 for a pint, not so awesome. Having a place to get bratwurst and spaetzel is awesome....again, paying out the butt for the snack size amount..not so awesome. Playing ping pong: awesome! Having people on every side of you and constantly apologizing for hitting balls at their head, not so awesome.
Will I go back? Yea, probably....but its appeal won't last too long.This sprawling German-style beer hall was just around the corner from where we were staying, and it was perfect for an early-evening dinner and beer the night before a long drive back to Ohio.
Our town, Cincinnati, has the first Hofbrauhaus that opened in the United States.  The atmosphere there can be pretty fun, and the Hofbrau beer is of decent quality, but Holy Crap, the food there sure is mediocre, drab. and perfunctory.  Based on our small dinner sampling at Frankford Hall, its owners are paying much greater attention than the Hofbrauhaus does to actually serving good food.  I had a Happy Hour wienerschnitzel sandwich that was only six bucks (if I remember correctly) and quite delicious:  crispy breading, juicy pork, and topped with a crisp, tangy slaw.  A $4 side of German potato salad packed big flavor and was one of the better examples of that dish I've had.  The wife and her brother reported that their German-sausage sandwiches were great, too.
The beer program here is pretty great.  There are eight or ten German beers on draft, with a good variety of styles, and another half-dozen or so American, regional, and local drafts, plus some bottles and cans.   Get ready to get buzzed:  The draft beer comes in half-liter and liter sizes, and the half is basically seventeen ounces.  
The space is really attractive, with a modern indoor section with large windows offering views of Frankford Avenue, a larger outdoor area, and a big bar that has both an indoor and an outdoor side.Frankford Hall has a great outdoor space, really like this German Style Beer Hall.  My favorite time of the year to go might be in the late fall early winter when they have the fire pits going and you can roast s'mores.  But its a great place year round.
 The food is great huge fan of the fries.  I haven't had the spaetzle since they changed it from mushroom and bacon (which I always ordered with out the bacon) to just cheese but that was also a favorite.  And be careful with the mustard that comes with the bavarian pretzel it has more than just a kick to it.
The ping pong tables are fun.  I did a league here once but it didn't get enough interest, I think it was the time of year they started it in.  I'm a total fan of drunk jenga but please people stop writing call this number on every block, my friend and I made one with legitimate thing to do to get people drinking that are bar friendly not sure if we will ever find it again but if you do enjoy.
Love the liter mugs, but the half liters do give you an option to try more beer.  I am a fan of the beer selection here and they have one rotating beer on draft.I went to Frankford Hall for the first time this evening. It was an excellent spot for a large meetup group to gather. The beer was good and the heated outdoor area with fire pits make it a place I look forward to returning to again. A few more vegetarian options would definitely be a great draw.I've been here twice now, and I can definitely say I'm a fan.  My first trip was Sunday of Memorial Day weekend.  We were a pretty big group, but still managed to find a table that was partly sunny.  I tried a few different beers, enjoyed all of them.  Just went back during PBW for Dunkel Dare.  This was an awesome event.  Plus, I got there in time for happy hour.  Why hello lamb burger, and beer for $15, not too shabby.  The burger was really delicious.  The lamb was tender and juicy, and I loved the sauces on top.  I also really appreciated their roll, its very appropriately sized.  The fries were nice and dark, and served as an excellent utensil for the sweet mustard.  The spicy mustard has a lot of kick to it in a good way.  Not a big fan of the curry ketchup.  This spot is somewhat out of the way for me, but I'll definitely be going back.Frankford Hall is one of my favorite places in Philly. It is very unique and I can't compare it to anything else in the City. I can't help but order a full liter beer every time I go here. The huge beer mugs are fun and draw me in. This is by far my favorite Steven Starr restaurant. I often think Steven Starr restaurants are overpriced for the quality and don't always live up to their hype but this place is awesome. 1 liter beers are $13-$14 which isn't bad considering that I am stumbling out of the place after drinking 2.
I've been here for two 30th day parties and other random night outs and have only had good experiences. It has both indoor and outside seating. In the winter, they have heat lamps and bon fire pits outside. And they sell smores. What can be more fun in winter than drinking a huge 1 liter beer and making smores over a bonfire?! 
There are tons of picnic benches and it is a pretty casual place with a great atmosphere. This place also draws in a great crowd. There are always lots of attractive young professionals whenever I've been here.
As for food: I am not a sausage person but every person I've been here with has raved about their sausages. Their enormous pretzels are good and you must get the cheese sauce for dipping if you order the pretzel because it is delish. The lamb burger is also very good. And it is great that they have veggie options on the menu too.
And you can find games like Jenga sometimes scattered around on tables. 
Ladies- this is a great place to bring your men for a drink and dinner- they will be impressed. Or if you are a single lady, this is a good place to meet men as I have found that there are always more men than women at this place.
There is nothing about this place that I would change.Frankford Hall has got atmosphere. The best kind of atmosphere, with lots of outdoor seating, twinkly lights, beer pong and table games, and fire pits to get snuggly with your lova' - it's an oasis in the city. 
The beer selection is out of this world. The s'mores are banging. The food...meh. I might be a German food snob - so all I can say I wasn't blown away. But the potato salad is good, and the mustard is spicy. 
Why aren't there more beirgardens in Philadelphia?A great place to go in Fishtown. They have a real nice beer selection.  The atmosphere is real good. The parking can be tough. Ping pong table is fun.  The courtyard area has a very friendly feel.Go with friends who drink
A trough in the bathroom? GROSS.
Outdoor alternate
Finally got a chance to head here the other night with a group of about 8 people, which is pretty much the only way I'd be back. Don't get me wrong the experience was decent, but it's not a place I'd go with only one other person.
The experience as a whole was pretty awesome. The place is basically a large backyard filled with all kind of drunks; loud, brash dudes, meek bespeckled types sipping a litre the size of their purse, dudes in loosened ties getting their post work drink on, etc. It's a great gathering spot if you can go with a group, snag a whole table, and avoid the awkward conversation with some other couple forced to sit directly beside you if you go with less folks.
The beer selection is pretty sweet, definitely some seasonals, some locals and lots of German influence. They serve generous litre mugs (a recipe for disaster, clearly) as well as half litres, and the bartenders are really happy to answer questions, dole out samples and generally ensure you're going to enjoy the beer you choose.
The food options are pretty great too, albeit a touch more expensive than I wanted. If you're ordering any kind of sausage and expecting a bun, you have to order one so be mindful of that. If you forget, you can walk up and grab one for $1. Inconvenient, but they seem to get that a lot. Might be worth it to have the cashier ask if you want a bun or not.
The layout is pretty simple, and it's a great setting to spend an evening. I bet that this place will be mobbed during the warmer fall evenings when the humidity doesn't feel like an oppressive blanket over the whole place. The lights in the trees are wonderful, and the music isn't overpowering.
My issues:
If you're going to have litres and half litres, make one more of an incentive. The full litre is twice the price of the half. Why would I get a full litre then, it's going to get cold quicker and the half is literally half the price.
It's really frustrating to not be able to run a tab and pay with my card the whole time. I'm not one to carry cash. I understand there are two bars. If you want to run a tab, only use one of them. Problem solved, so let me run one!
There's a trough in the mens bathroom. This is just disgusting. Like enough to keep me from patronizing again. It's not a ballpark. It's 2011; gimme a urinal and a little privacy.
Overall it's a great group experience, but not a place place I'd put into my regular rotation. Also not somewhere I would go with less than 6 people.They serve one liter drafts in a huge stein, it's pretty great. They're $14 a piece and around $7 for a half liter. There's a grapefruit hef on tap that is awesome, it tastes like candy. Huge outdoor area with a bunch of bonfires right now during the fall/winter. Inside, there are ping pong tables and a bunch of picnic tables. Great place to come and relax.If you love German beer gardens, this is your place.  They have wide open, picnic seating with ping pong and game nights often. The food is the standard mix of burgers and weiners. They beer list is excellent and topped off by Fishtowns coolest and most attractive crowd. Great option for a big group or a nice night for outdoor drinking.Such a fun hangout place with indoor seating, jenga, ping pong and foosball, as well as outdoor seating with heat lamps and bonfires!! We went on a Friday night, and were able to get a table, grab some drinks and hang out! Such a lively, fun place! Although I didn't try the pretzels, I've heard they're good, so next time!Came here for the second time for The Dude's bday. Called ahead and asked if it was kosher for me to bring an outside cake. The woman cheerily said "no problem!" and so we hung up. Thought for a beat. Called again. Asked if I could bring an ice cream came and she laughed and said she definitely could accommodate me. Once we there and ready to serve the cake she helped me put the candles on, present it, and even cut it up for me and served it on small paper bowls. So helpful especially after several steins of beers. The fun space, the large beers and other activities plus the laid back yet helpful staff really made me love this place!!
let me tell you, it's so rare to get good and happily willing service that it damn near brings tears to my eyes.Great atmosphere buzzing with crowds weekends. Table tennis is the icing on the cake.I came here for the first time for a large event which was in the outdoors space of Frankford Hall. Sitting outside when it's below freezing isn't the most pleasant experience, but the fact that there are a lot of heating lamps and a fire pit do help. 
I only can speak for the beer and the mulled wine, but I thought both were excellent. The beer is reasonably priced especially given they come in liter and half liter sizes. The mulled wine was the perfect drink for the cold...mmm. I also tried the pretzels and the fries, which were pretty good too. 
The atmosphere is great, and I can imagine it's much better during the summer. They have Jenga for you to enjoy with friends and overall it makes for a great experience.Really cool place with a nice outdoor area. Would be great to enjoy a German beer outside on a beautiful day.I was sure Frankford Hall wouldn't live up to all the hype I'd heard. It only took me one visit to realize it did!
I love the inside/outside concept, which allows for a lot of movement even when it's crowded. The fire pits in the winter are cozy and fun, even though you will smell like smoke for hours after. The inside stays surprisingly warm as well. There is also ample seating which is important in a bar without dancing, at least for me. Who wants to stand and hold a gigantic beer for hours on end?!
The food was mediocre. The dip for the pretzel was some sort of dill concoction I believe, and for me, was far from appetizing. The beer selection is huge, and I'm sure everyone can find something for their tastes. This is also in a great location, with many other good bars nearby in case you've had your fire pit fill.
Frankford Hall is definitely a place I will continue to return to, as it's a great place to hang out with friends, with just enough polish and class.Was in town and had heard of the ''new" biergarten in Northern Liberties-Fishtown area from local buddies.  We walked in somewhat early on a Sat evening but the outdoor portion was already pretty full.  The place had a fun, modernized biergarten feel with the expected food and beer selections.  No real bier maidens but so far so good..
Now the bad news..  the food wasn't very good but just okay to below average.  The pretzel was decent yes but the two wursts were quite flavorless and soft, red cabbage was mush and the potato pancakes were unremarkable.  A bit of a surprise for a Starr place where food is generally good to excellent.  Clearly this is more of a drinking/hangout type of place and not a food joint but if you're going to do something, do it right.  
Location in the up-and-coming neighborhood, with not so much competition, will certainly help this place out.  The people were more young 20s, new northern liberties or ex-philly variety than native fishtonians.Hands down, one of the best bars in Philadelphia.  If you're visiting from out of town, this bar/beer hall is a must stop!  It's outdoor, but there are heat lamps if it's chilly outside.  There's long tables to sit at with games on them to make it really fun for groups and fun to get to know the group next to you.
The beers are awesome - I love the wheat beer.  The food is okay, I'm not a fan of German food, so I just eat the pretzels, which are very large and delicious!Great spot to go hang out, if your sick of the neon tan than go here and relax....A biergarden and then some!
This place has got to be the most refreshing modern biergardens I've ever been to. Its mega roomy, so there is no stepping or rubbing against strangers in passing, whether inside or outside. Very freeing. No line for beer OR the restroom! Imagine that! Is this a dream? Someone pinch me? Too good to be true. My beer of choice was Summer Love and it was absolutely delightful. Pretzel, beer, jenga, fresh air, warm sunshine, great friends, I felt so complete. Great Philly feel, this place. There's always some kind of event being thrown here, once I saw a sign for "Nerd Nite." Something for everyone. Lively, down to earth atmosphere.Frankford Hall is my to-go-to place for a large group of friends to drink, eat, and to talk without screaming at each other.  They got some imported German beers on draft.  It's not a crazy selection like you'd see at other German pubs/restaurants, but hey, you'd get served in a crazy large mug.  This place also got other game activities, like Jenga and ping-pong.  Awesome atmosphere for the spring/summer days.  
If it's your first time here, just grab a table on your own!  No waitress or waiters.  You just order on your own at a stand with a large menu banner outside!  You order and pay up front, then they'll hand you a stand with a number to be put at your table.  Someone will bring your food out.  Service is pretty fast here.  
The food itself is decent!  It's more Americanized German, but it's still good!  I'd recommend the Kaseschwein, or if you don't like sausage, get the Kanzler.   The Kartoffelpuffer were alright.  But their curry ketchup (in all dispenser btw.) is banging.  The Reisenpretezel is even better, but get it with the cheese dip.  It's hugggeeeeee and soft.If you can get here when it's not crowded this place is great! Awesome beer selection, ping pong tables and you can play jenga. The grapefruit beer was amazing! We were there on a Sunday afternoon and it was perfect. I can't wait to go back!Bottom line: slightly pricey (good) beer, cool space, ping pong.
Am I right?!Place is great! Brats are the bomb. Potato pancakes were okay.
Beers are at a good price point & I enjoy the jenga option.
I think the place could use another TV or two .Cool decor, clean bathrooms, decent prices and a fun environment.  I highly recommend!
I wish they had a more extensive food menu, but the food they serve is great!  We tried several items from the menu and nobody had any complaints. I love how their ordering system.  You walk up to the back cash registers, place/pay for hte food and they give you a number.  They bring the food out to you.  The beer selection was great and the bartenders are really quick at taking your order.
What also makes this place so awesome is that it's family friendly.  Everyone there was really nice (customers and staff) and the kids had a great time playing different games.  Parking is a bit of a hassle but there are a couple of lots (pay) and some street parking if you are lucky to find a space.
We played jenga, shuffle board, ping pong, and others in our group sat outside by the fire pit.  This place gets busy around dinner time and I'm sure it stays busy until the late night hours.  We arrived in the afternoon and was able to find a table right away.  By the time we left seating was very limited.good beer but kinda pricey. and whats with the valet parking? ...almost the antithesis of what a german beer garden is supposed to be (which is is cheap and casual). but it's nice to be outdoors on a beautiful day and as a lover of these beer styles (german pilsners, lagers and hefewiesens) it's a welcome addition to my neighborhood.This review is quite late but after reading a Foobooz guide yesterday on Philly beer gardens I felt I owed it to the community at large to throw my two cents in about Frankford Hall.
My college girlfriends and I were looking for a place to meet up and hang. Someone suggested  Frankford Hall. What a great choice! The outside beer garden with its surrounding exposed brick walls, rows of long communal tables interspersed with rustic trees that twinkle after dark, gives awesome ambiance. Places like this are conducive to chillin......hard.....because my group lingered for hours. Playing board games and giant Jenga while sipping good brews from ginormous mugs in the middle of the afternoon is what we all should be doing on the weekend. 
The menu consists of standard German fare, sausages, brats, franks, etc. but I really loved the French fries the most. I could have made a meal of them and that tangy mustard dipping sauce alone. There are more substantial items on the menu as well such as Schnitzel but we were drinking early and did not want to risk bogging ourselves down with anything too heavy.
 My companions and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience and would most certainly recommend. I only have two caveats. The garden is all gravel. Even sober I had to be careful maneuvering between the tables to get to the order station and bathrooms. Speaking of which leads me to the bathroom situation. I'm slowly getting used to unisex. Here men and women go into the same restroom space but opposite side stall spaces. However, the wash station is for both. I found myself washing my hands, rummaging through my bag and refreshing my make up standing next to a man. I turned to him and remarked on that. We had a good laugh. Time for me to move into the future.It's hard to judge this place as we went on a cold rainy Saturday. 
Positives: great beer selection. Many beers I haven't heard of. Chill place to hang out with friends. The space does the best to keep those outside warm with heaters and fire pits but it only goes so far, especially when it's raining.
Negatives: Always packed. You're usually waiting around for tables to clear until you can sit down. Shoulder to shoulder most places including the bar. Tough to get an order in. The beer selection is mostly international with a few domestic choices. I enjoyed my German beer but I initially was looking for something familiar that wasn't on the menu. The food is average and overpriced. I paid $8 before tip for what amounted to a hot dog. I'm not at a Phillies game here.
Overall: know what you're getting into and what to expect. Cool place to hang out if you do that.Huge beers at a reasonable price, endless jenga games and delicious bratwurst. You can't really beat Frankford Hall.  I find this place is suitable to go to any day any time from a Sunday afternoon to a Saturday night. We always enjoy coming here and I was happy to discover that the heat lamps work well enough that you don't freeze outside when it's a bit chilly out. My only criticism would be that the food is a bit pricey.Perfect place to go to sit outside and enjoy - i love any place that serves potato pancakes, huge pretzels, and items similar to hot doggies. And when it's a bit chilly, i love sitting by the fire pit to toast me up some smores and playing stressful jenga. All of which makes me a very happy gal.I went to Frankford Hall on a Saturday night - just as it was starting to get cold here in Philly. If you haven't been yet, don't worry, Frankford Hall has both an indoors and outdoors section so it will still be open. Having said that, I think there is something special and fun in hanging outdoors with friends, around the fireplace or heat lamps - the vibe of the beer garden is alive!
My friends and I got there relatively early, around 7 pm. While you might think this seems a little too early, trust me, you want to get there no later than 8 pm because the place really fills up, especially on weekends. We started off with a giant pretzel and cheese spatzle with caramelized onions to share. Both dishes were your typical comfort food, great tasting but nothing too unique. 
I then got the Classic Burger, which comprises of a beef patty and cheddar cheese. Again, it was your usual burger, a solid option but nothing too special. The best part though, is the curry ketchup that you can get from self-serve pumps. They went perfectly with the fries (or on the burger if you please). 
To finish off, I had the Grapefruit Hefeweizen. It tasted like hard juice, and I could just keep drinking it all day. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves cider - this is just the grapefruit version of your typical hard cider! My friends and I also split the seasonal (pumpkin!) spiked shake. While this was sweet and very much a fall drink, I do not recommend getting one by yourself because it is pretty rich and might get too sweet after a while. 
My friends and I just chilled around the beer garden for the night, playing Jenga and catching up. There are also ping pong tables around, and the whole place was alive with activity!pros: awesome, awesome space; ping-pong; good beers;
cons: it's a steven starr restaurant; you can't keep an open tab; 
i haven't tried the food yet, but i definitely will (and soon.) the menu had several items on it which sounded sehr guht. 
it would be cool to have a few more games, but i can understand the limitations there...I stopped by here for a few drinks the other night. There are two bars inside and a separate counter where you can order food. I had the Franziskaner Dunkel-Weisse and the Karnival Kolsh, which were both very good. The atmosphere of this place is great! There's a pretty big courtyard with tables, trees, lights, and 2 ping pong tables and board games you can play for free. 
I unfortunately wasn't hungry enough to try the food, but next time I'll have to. I definitely would frequent this place if I lived closer! There's nothing like sitting outside with a beer on a warm summer night.I don't think it gets any better than Frankford Hall on a chilly fall night. The pretzels are great. The atmosphere is perfect for a calm night with friends. The boxes of Jenga games are an added bonus. It has a yuppie vibe but that can be overlooked if you are with the right crowd of people. Great beer selection!Always a good time!! The best beer garden ever!! I am never disappointed and love happy hour hereSuper cool environment. Food was not bad. Loved the fire pit, really made the ambience that much more enjoyable. Sitting outside was more enjoyable.My first time exploring Fishtown and several recommendations from friends led me to Frankford Hall. First impressions: it's large with plenty of seating both indoors and outdoors, noise level was loud but not overwhelmingly so, the crowd was about 25-35, and the beer selection was amazing! This place is very laid back and great for socializing. With truth-or-dare Jenga and ping pong tables, I entered with 2 friends and left with 4 new ones. I cannot attest to their food, but they have some interesting beers on tap, including Schofferhofer's Grapefruit beer, which I highly recommend. Inside can get a bit crowded inside in the winter, the heaters in the outdoor section can only do so much, but it's not a bad option if you bring your coat.This is my favorite place to get drinks in fishtown or anywhere really. They have the ideal ambience for a chill night out. No matter the season the indoor and outdoor seating areas are kept at a good temperature. In the winter and on colder nights they light the fire pits outside making it a really cozy space. They also provide plenty of free bargames including  Jenga, ping-pong, and foosball. The Jenga games are really fun here because over the years people have added dares to the blocks. They also have great large pints of beer. It is perfect for groups and the volume here is low enough  that you'll always  be able to hear the  people you're with. it is the ideal way to start your night.The food is fabulous. The beer is plentiful. The crowd... UGH. It's always crowded when it's beautiful out, we need more beer gardens in Philly!
All staff is super friendly, even the bouncers (That is rare!). The location is in a nice neighborhood and the prices are moderate. The only issue is that there is rarely anywhere to sit. Whenever a large group has reserved a table, they never use it which definitely annoys me.Keep it moving folks, no salami here. If you're looking for supra-marginal salami, you will not find it. I would suggest a local deli if you're looking for some quality 'lami.Great place to bring a group of friends. Nice open areas with a good amount of activities. I wish they had a better beer selection or at least changed it up a bit more, it's you're usual German beers but I would love to see some Belgians.Props, Mr. Starr- you've done it again. Best beer garden in Philly and killer menu. Make sure to try the curry ketchup.WHY OH WHY did i not make it to this wonderfully awesome beer garden until the end of summer?! 
stupid. (me, that is. not frankford hall)I cannot say enough good things about this place. We went on the first Saturday of their Oktoberfest celebration and were blown away by their food, beer and atmosphere. My husband enjoyed the special pulled pork with pumpkin slaw and I thoroughly enjoyed my BBQ chicken and bacon burger. After a few liters of beer, make sure you don't miss their pretzel- delicious, hot, yeasty and dipped in honey mustard- it may be my new very favorite snack. This is the absolute perfect place for enjoying the fall weather in their open air courtyard. Bring a group and play tipsy game of Jenga or ping pong. It' the perfect change of pace from the typical center city scene, and I can say without a doubt this place will become a regular. 
Bottom Line- why aren't you there already??I'm from Baltimore, but Philly would be my second choice for living, and this place just helps solidify that choice. You've got these great places hidden behind fairly normal looking facades. 
When walking into this particular place, I had no clue that I'd be setting foot into a HUGE social scene, equipped with an outside drinking area (large space), giant communal wooden tables, amazing service, and excellent frankfurters. They also have ginormous soft pretzels with delicious sweet mustard sauce. The beers were vast and the food honestly was spot on (we arrived in time for the late night food menu).
All in all, I was pleasantly surprised with the restaurant as a whole and would love to come back for their normal-hour menu.Frankford Hall is my favorite spot in Philly. Anyplace that has vegetarian sausage wins my love in a heartbeat, but Frankford Hall has a lot more going than just that.
The beer list is impressive- to be expected- and not being a beer lover myself, I enjoy their selection of ciders. The food menu is big enough to please everyone and it's cooked quickly and delivered to your table with a smile. Weather permitting, the firepit is my favorite spot to relax, but indoors at the high-tops is just as fun. 
Grab a beer, a Jenga tower, order some food (get the red cabbage side!), and have a great time.I did not apperciate how the bartender walked by me like 5 times when I was waiting for a drink. They need to get their customer service up to par before I step back in here. At least Johnny Brenda's across the street gave me service.What a great place to hang out. They've got a good selection of local breweries and the food is great too. Really liked the pretzels with cheese and the spaetzle was very good, although really salty (made me drink more, haha)
The outdoor area is large with plenty of picnic tables to sit down at, a fire pit, and a ping pong table. Still a great place to be outside on a cold night, as there are outdoor heaters setup throughout. 
I can't really think of a better place for a large group of people to go. Definitely worth the tripSuch a great concept. Good beers on tap, firepits and games to play. Adult playground! Food is good too. Only downside is waiting in long lines to get in at times.Very laid-back environment. Good beers and great food. Loved the fire pits. Definitely a great place to hang out, day or night.I know this place is kind of new and very popular, but for good reason. It's such a cool spot. I have been here several times including when the weather is great and when it is snowing in the winter, and in both cases the courtyard is packed. The fire pits and umbrella heaters really make the cold bearable. 
The picnic table set up makes it great for groups. And of course they have great beers on tap which you can get in Liter mugs. Really cool atmosphere at this place. I am always willing to go back.Despite the fact that we managed to have our first experience here during Dunkel Dare (Mark Summers in the HOUSE) and thus, it was insanely crowded, we had a great time checking out this bar! The space was big, and there are tons of huge tables both outside in the courtyard and inside. Lots of bars to get beers at - the one of the corner never had a line and the bartenders were very quick. Nice selection of beers on tap - I went with a Dogfish Head My Antonia. I didn't get the liter glass, but those look awesome. You can't open a tab, but you can pay with a credit card which is pretty cool. Food ordering is pretty fast - order and get a number for your table. I only tried the pretzel with cheese sauce & mustard. Skip the cheese sauce - it was not good cold. The mustard is delicious (and sinus-clearing!) 
I like that Frankford Hall is a hop/skip away from the MFL Girard stop and there were a ton of cabs too. This is a nice addition to the bar scene!I highly recommend the kanzler burger, formerly known as the delicious aged burger that starts with a K. It comes with crispy fries and curry ketchup. The pretzels are enormous, and very shareable. The picnic tables are a great place to meet up for groups of 4-8 people. The open air is pleasant, and heated with lamps. The beers are enormous even if you get the smaller size you can expect a giant glass mug.For our Philadelphia send-off, my husband and I wanted to pick a fun place that could fit a lot of people. We did not want anything too formal or stuffy - I had never been to Frankford Hall and was so thrilled when a friend suggested it. As I am almost nine months pregnant, I was not going to have any beers, but I was excited to sit outside and eat a soft pretzel. It's the simple things....Frankford Hall was awesome. Everyone had a great time and I really wish this had not been my first time here! I had a giant soft pretzel and the beet salad - beet salad was very salty, but pretty good. I can't wait to go back when I can sit outside and have a few beers.It's impossible to write one review of Frankford Hall. You could talk about it as a restaurant/bar. You could state that it is a signature Stephen Starr establishment: expertly executed, but unexceptional, and maybe a little overpriced. Do you want to spend a bunch for a really big pretzel? Do you like playing ping-pong by an open fire while drinking a really big draft beer? Do you want to walk into a place and feel like you are somewhere important? If any of these sound appealing, Frankford Hall is a great option.
On the other hand, it's hard not to write a review of this place as the beginning of a trend. One can't ignore the fact that this place, along with the casino, amounts to a big magnet for folks from New Jersey and the Pennsylvania suburbs, people who might otherwise choose to pleasure themselves in Center City on a Friday or Saturday night. Frankford Avenue has flourished through the confluence of city policy, a counter-culture, and local openness to change. If you want it  to become a place that booms with--and let's be honest here-- deutschy dollars, than you would probably love Frankford Hall. For me, I feel a little conflicted every time I come here. It's hard not to think that Frankford Hall's success can only mean that similar venues are likely to populate the avenue in the future, and it's hard not to see that the other side of that growth will be fewer Johnny Brenda's and fewer Rocket Cats.The meal was perfect- authentic and festive German fare. Everything from the refreshing shandy to the homemade apple sauce was to die for (and quite generous in portion). Also, I have never raved about a soft pretzel before, but you can absolutely taste the difference in their hand-braided version. Having dinner here is a must for anyone visiting the Philly area!One of my coworkers recently moved to the area after doing a stint in Germany. The first place that she asked me about was Frankford Hall. Of course I would oblige to one of my favorite spots in Fishtown! The German flair (yes, curry ketchup is a German thing) and fire pits just make me feel happy - or is that just the liter of beer talking?
The laid back style with PLENTY of seating makes Franford Hall a great destination for a couple to a group of 12. There's plenty of games to keep you entertained if your company is a little boring - jenga, ping pong, and stuffing your face.
I particularly enjoy their pretzels. They are very large and have great toppings. I always reminisce on the s'mores pretzel I had here once. This is a great stop to add if you just want to hang out or are bar hopping around the area.Awesome Biergarten, great selection of classic German beers on tap, good prices on happy hour. Really fun atmosphere all around! I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Philadelphia.My first Yelp review!! and I hate that it's going to be partly negative. :P
Normally I love this place, but I felt compelled to write a review after I spent over an hour in line here on a Friday night during Flyers playoffs. Granted, not the best venue to try to watch a game in general, but we came the weekend before and had fun, so decided to come back. The hour plus wait in line was because there was some other event going on inside, but it was definitely NOT too packed to have the line move faster than that. I love biergardens and it feels authentic, enjoyed the lamb burger (others enjoyed their food - potato pancakes, salmon patty, etc) but that line, missing an hour of a play off game. Not cool.Fun, German Brauhaus-styled venue in the neighborhood. Beers and food are a tad pricey, but what should one expect with Stephen Starr?
One of the few places I can consistently find Köstritzer on tap, which makes me very happy.Great warm weather spot with picnic in able seating, board games and ping pong tables. Beer selection is solid but I have not tried the food. The place gets really crowded and it is slightly annoying that people being young children here. I get it but still annoying at times. Fun place for a large group.Whatever.  This is another example of Starr's Disneyworld approach to restaurants -- all form and no substance.   The beer selection isn't great, and the food is barely even fake German.  The worst part: no reservations and you seat yourself.  You're meant to hover over tables until someone decides to leave.  Then, you go to the bar to order drinks and to a cart to order food.
I found the whole thing incredibly annoying and nowhere near worth the trouble.  Go to Brauhaus Schmitz for better food, better beer, and better atmosphere.Came in during 2nd street festival expecting a bit of a crowd. Happy to report it stayed on second street and didn't make its way down here. It's a great spot with indoor to outdoor space, liter and half liter drafts and games to boot! Definitely one of my fav spots to enjoy a summer night with friends.After a sweltering hot night jostling the crowds in Barcade, we decided to hop over here around 1:00 AM since by that time there wasn't a line.  I wish we came here first instead.
I would've liked to wait to review this if I were to come here and have dinner and day-drink but since I'm not a fan of sausage-themed menus, I probably would only come here for late-night drinking.  They do have pretzels with cheese sauce, though, and that intrigued me.
Roughly $10 I think for a summer ale in a giant effin' heavy glass mug- you can't go wrong.  I can't comment on the beer selection since I didn't order, but the website menu seems to list a lot.  If you wanna have that Beerfest-esque experience of male camaraderie, sloshing beers around, and singing old pub songs, this is the place for you.  Just good old fashioned drinking fun.
Picnic tables with Jenga (!!!) was a nice touch and for a hot summer night, it was really open and breezy. 
After the workers told us to start filtering out of the picnic area and finish our drinks inside around 1:30, we managed to find a table where we played thumper VERY loudly for a good 20 minutes before the server came over and politely asked us to stop since other patrons were getting annoyed.  I think she wanted to join in.  I was surprised they didn't kick us out or tell us something sooner.  Just goes to show you how awesome and fun this place is- they appreciate a rowdy, drunk crowd so long as it doesn't get outta hand.
Side note: we went to Barcade first because the line for this place was down the block, so I can imagine that prime drinking time- 11 to 11:30 - would be too crowded and we probably wouldn't have been able to find a seat.
Also, ping-pong!  Definitely coming back here and trying a round at the table.WHAT THE  F*%# ? 
I was wondering if you could get a 3 day pass to this place, like you can at Disney World.... because this place is yet another Magic Kingdom fantasy land Epcot Center of a theme park, virtual reality dream-scape of condensed milk meaning plundered from a collective subconscious of Germanic beer steined St Pauli girl cleavage factories.
And that's what makes it both wonderful and awful, depending on whether you love lowbrow crap culture, or if you spirits droop at the thought of another amusement park of a concept-based joint.
I give it 5 stars because it is perfectly ridiculous. I would like to give it 5 stars, and then 0 stars. But Yelp doesn't allow multiple grades... which is a shame, because I think it would help express the duality inherent in the existential crisis of a phony bar. 
The day I went there it was PACKED with 20-somethings, without their parents. Mayhem seemed to be breaking out... or at least giddiness... as the recent grads rocked the picnic tables like a Whitesnake video. Here they go again on their own.... woofin' down the only brews they've ever known... 
People lined up to get sausage-y food from windows. Awesome.
Frat house guys played ping-pong and kept shooting the ball under the bar stools of patrons. That's the best. I love when that happens. Everyone gets involved. Isn't it great when a ping pong ball bounces under your feet 1000 times an hour, with the goof-ball prick chasing it giving you that "Sorry/Thanks" look as you kick it back. You'd like to crush the ball with your foot... but although this would end the pain, it cannot erase the memory.
The bartender at the front of the place.. at the more traditional bar... he showed me a menu loaded with beers I never heard of. Weird German crap. I had expected to see Duvel, Leffe, or Bud-Lime... you know, the classic Belgian ales. But this was hard core, Warsaw Pact German stuff. Achtung. So I found this beer that cost $2.50 and comes in a 16 ounce can. I presume it is the German equivalent of PBR. Success.
The sad thing about this place is that it won't be around in 5 years. A similar place in Germany will be around forever. That's the difference between real culture and fake culture. Oh well. I guess I take things too seriously... no fun, Mr. Party-Pooper... let's get another pitcher of HunderSheinenGrassenPutz... or whatever that's called... BRING US SOME BREWSKY.  Where-the-hotties ?
I left quietly, promising to return after my lobotomy.Do I really have that much of a Southern accent that y'all Northerners would call me out on it here? Haha. I love Frankford Hall and the outdoor patio. It's great because sometimes you're sitting with strangers and you strike up an interesting conversation or you have a whole table with just friends playing Jenga.
This is douche bag central for sure. I mean I really wished the frat boy flirting with the bartender would hurry up and get his broke college ass a Budweiser beer and stop holding up the line so I can get my mug of beer. You don't need to flirt with the bartender to get watered down beer, dear. (I rhymed)
The bar pretzel is yum to soak up the alcohol and that mustard will burn your sinuses and the hot dog and sauerkraut is awesome after you down a whole mug of beer. I was the only ethnic person here, but I didn't mind. I just tell people I am a foreign exchange student. It's Fishtown, so I'm not surprised. I cannot imagine how beautiful it would be here when the snow is falling in the winter time.Brahaus wins on the beer side, which is kind of a big deal if this places wants to be taken seriously as a beer hall. Stoudts APA and Yards IPA should not be on this list, I understand that they are locally beers and all, but neither of these beers are lagers, so therefore under the German beer law Reinheitsgebot, they are not pure and should not occupy a GERMAN BEER hall. However, the ambiance of this place is fantastic, perfectly set in a 1 story renovated warehouse with outdoor fire pits. I went yesterday when it was snowing, it was the weirdest sensation I have ever felt. As the snow feel on my face and wind blow through my clothes I had the sudden sensation of coldness and shivers run through my body, but then, like a switch, the warm tender flames from the fires leapt playfully ever so close to my trousers enveloping me in a warm cocoon. Fire and ice, this must be what the ky jelly of the same name feels like. On the food note, pretzels were a-okay, the horseradish mustard was great however and the sausages did not leave me wanting, they do have to fix the red cabbage however, as it was rather bland.Really enjoyable afternoon. We arrived early, scored a table and stayed for hours. I was DD but everyone enjoyed their beers. The food was tasty....burgers, mushroom strudel, soft pretzels. Jenga kept us entertained. When we left at 5:30, there was a line out the door to get in. They must be doing something right.Went here with friends last weekend due to it being a beautiful evening and never having been before. I normally try to avoid Stephen Starr restaurants to the best of my ability, but I couldn't say no to liters of beer, German food, and general good times. 
The atmosphere of this place is very Philadelphian - lots of people talking, playing games, catching up, good times over all, with little focus to those outside their group. This is especially true when it came to the picnic tables; many I saw only had two people sitting and many standing and wanting to sit - in the true Bavarian form it's natural for strangers to sit with strangers at such tables and make friends - not in Philadelphia, though kudos for the effort
The beer selection was of average size - a few Germans, a few locals, overall not a bad thing. The only thing I wish I saw was a pint glass and more seasonal beers (mid-May and they still had winter beers on tap!). The bartenders were quick and friendly, though I wish they'd be more careful when it came to the head-beer ratio in the glasses, especially at $15 a beer. Still, a liter of beer is a liter of beer.
The food was outstanding - crusty German pretzels that were hot and (they appeared to be) fresh with strong mustard that woke you up better than a double espresso. Complimenting these were delicious sausages and schnitzel; all made well and made to order.
All in all, this is a place I'd visit again, and again. My only concern is that it only opens at 4:00PM EST - I would feel most comfortable coming to a place such as this on a nice late spring or summer in the early afternoon to enjoy a liter with friends and pretzels and sausage. I'd also add that there are A LOT of hipsters here, who, while revitalizing the neighborhood, can be quite annoying, but like most strange creatures out there, they are much more afraid of you than you are of them.This is a fun place to kick back for a pretzel and a drink. Great atmosphere, and can get crowded quickly.Great place. Limited menu--brats, burgers, and pretzels, mostly--but what's on offer is delicious. Good (not great) German beer selection. What's exceptional is the "concept," a Bavarian biergarten, replete with games and plenty of space to lounge.Happy hour!
Good prices for the sausages and beer during HH. Plenty of seating. Mixed crowd from dates to families and their kids. 
Heard it can get douchy at night but good thing I wasn't there at that time!Loved this bar! Huge beers, large tables for big groups, and an open air environment. Loved playing jenga while drinking!The first thing that came to mind as I walked in was how nice a spacious this place was. I didn't realize the back part of the building was opened up so you could actually see the sky. I wondered why it smelled like fresh air in there as if I was outside lol. Overall the craft beer was excellent. I don't really remember what I got but it was an IPA. The crowd of people and employees were also very polite and welcoming. Before I got inside I probably waited in line for about 10 minutes but the wait was definitely worth it. I forgot to mention im an outer towner coming from Virginia visiting my cousins and this was one of the places they really wanted to take me and I can actually say I very much enjoyed it 100% I will definitely be coming back here if I'm ever in town again!!I had a really good time when i came here with some friends.  It may be a wait to get in, and sometimes, hard to find a seat, but once you settle in, this place is really fantastic.  The beers and drinks and food are not badly priced at all for how much you get.  Personally, I am not a huge beer drinker, but a server suggested I try the grapefruit beer that was on tap and it was so good that I went and bought a case of it as soon as I had a chance!
After our beers, we switched to the cocktails, we all had different ones, so we could try all of the drinks on the menu.  They were all awesome and very strong, so be prepared!
The tables are big, and plentiful, but if there is a party that reserves tables, seating can end up being limited.  They also have games available to play, my table had a few rousing games of Jenga while we enjoyed our drinks. Others around us were playing ping pong, and just having a great time! Food wise, we had the pretzels which were awesome! We also got fries, which were also really good.  Would have tried more, but the portions are large and the beer is also filling so we were stuffed by the time we were halfway through the food.
This is definitely a place to check out, and an awesome place for a group of friends.  It can get loud, but that is to be expected for a beer hall!
Be prepared to wait in a long line to get in when its really nice outside, since it gets very crowded.  I didn't mind the wait since I was with my friends and we were catching up during the wait, so it wasn't that bad, but I could see it being annoying if you are anxious to get inside or don't have a lot of time to spend here. I will certainly be back!The Food (and drinks!): (above average)
Fortunately, this beer garden was more than just a nice atmosphere. The beer selection offered around 20 - 30 different brews from local and out-of-state breweries . My drinks included Doc's Apple Cider and Victory Summer Love, where the cider was one of the best that I had ever tasted.  The food was also the perfect complement to beer, with potato pancakes w/ sour cream, fresh baked pretzels, spiced potato fries, and much more.
The Atmosphere: (above average)
The setting is very appropriate for a beer garden, basically long and short wooden tables with benches and umbrellas. The nice part: everything is keep clean. The semi-indoor area with concrete flooring with large televisions and several bars. Outside is a white-gravel area with a refreshing open-atmosphere with a variety of awesome games that are fun when drinking in groups: ping-pong, Jenga, etc.
The Price: (average)
The price is reasonably priced for the quality, however I felt the portions were on the small side. For instance, the potato pancakes were Amazing, but even if you are sharing with two people, it will be gone is a minute or two. I was sharing with about four people....
The Service: (average)
The bartenders and waitresses were very pleasant and knowledgeable. Nothing out of the ordinary, just some good ol' service.While visiting my friend in Philly, she recommended that we try this lovely beer hall for dinner! Please see below for the pros and cons of my experience:
Pros: My friends and I really loved the open space seating and lively atmosphere! I also really liked how the benches were spaced out so that you could still hear the people at your table.
There were a ton of food and beer options! I highly recommend the potato pancakes, which are served with sour cream and sweet applesauce, and s'mores pretzels! 
Even though it was pretty busy, the food service was quick and the servers came by often to ask us if we needed our empty plates/beer glasses taken removed from the table.
Cons: Since we went on a warm Saturday evening, it was pretty crowded and we had a hard time finding a table. I would recommend getting there early before 6 pm for dinner if you have a large party!Never a dull moment; the entertainment and atmosphere are endless here! This bar offers so much more than just a trendy, urban, cozy place to drink and eat, they offer games like ping pong/table tennis and "jumbling towers"! Walking in is such a welcoming presence. There is plenty of seating no matter where you are. They provide round high top table and chairs that can seat your party of up to 4 and even picnic tables that can seat a party of 10+! Seat yourself, too! This was out first time there so we were a little confused at first as far as ordering drinks and food. You order yourself! Walk up to the bar for drinks then order your food at their outdoor service bar in their back "courtyard" (my favorite part!) Beer selection? Superb. Wine selection was pretty basic from what I remember. Food? OH MY! I had my first veggie burger there and they make it so easy to never have to go back to beef! YUM! We of course enjoyed a game of jumbling towers for a couple hours after our delicious meals followed by a few games of ping pong! The table inside was taken so we played out in the courtyard.. Even better! Their courtyard is filled with picnic tables and giant fire pits with plenty of seating! And even during the winter, they have tower heaters so make it easy to even enjoy yourself outside in the cold! Overall, this place is such a welcoming, fun, lively place to enjoy company, good drinks and great food! Especially day drinking! Also, this place is even family oriented!I was here on Phillies opening day and fell in love with the place. Happy Hour specials are fantastic; $5 for half-liters, add another dollar for one of their great pretzels. Order Kostritzer (black lager, not filling like stouts/porters), Germany's best mass-produced beer. Beautiful seating inside and out plus cool games to play like Kicker and Jenga only add to the appeal.
Hanging around Fishtown at night I saw the line outside get longer and longer as the night went on. My advice, come during happy hour to really enjoy the sun, avoid crowds, and get a nice buzz before moving next door to Fette Sau.Not crazy about the food, or the inefficient system of table service.  But it's cheap.
The atmosphere is minimal-industrial-chic, but I find the fun of Frankford Hall is all in who you come with.
But!  I will never complain about a comically giant beer.I am a fan, but not in the winter.
During the spring and summer months, Frankford hall fills up with 20 somethings who enjoy al fresco drinking. Somehow, in early March, on a 30 degree evening it was still packed. I was dragged there, fully aware that I'd end up cramming around one of the firepits. It was too cold to be drinking at an outdoor bar.
Eventually I had to give up on the courtyard section and move back inside. Right inside the door, there was a way­-too-­serious game of ping pong taking place. People were getting paddled on the backswing and hit with balls. That is when I realized this is a place for warm weather and I was foolish for letting anyone talk me into jumping into the cold sardine tin that is Frankford Hall in the winter.
Still a great place, but wait until the Sheena Parveen tells you it'll be mid­60's the night you want to go...I came here on a Friday night with a friend. They have ping pong and jenga for everyone to enjoy. I shared a pretzel and cheese sauce with my friends - amazing, the best I've had!! The space is large!