This is one of my favorite places in Rittenhouse.  It is cozy, simple, and initiate with the best service and wonderful dishes that bring out the natural flavor of the ingredients.  The wine list is also solid and there is a small but solid cocktail list.  Our servers were always excellent at suggesting pairings!
Some favorites:
1. Grilled octopus: A masterful blend of menudo, white beans, pickled red onions.  The octopus is flavorful and tender, and the pickled onions add a twist of tart flavor with the beans adding a subtle degree of creaminess.
2. Roasted cauliflower: Slightly charred with a side of caramelized cauliflower pureé and a touch of citrus.  It's the best of two: puree and roasted so that you get both textures in a single dish.
3. Duck duo for two: A combination of a roasted duck breast, caramelized plantains, and confit.  Another best of both with a flavorful and juicy breast that has a perfectly crispy skin and richer confit in jus.  The caramelized plantains add a bite of sweetness.  Perfect for sharing and a much welcome alternative to a standard duck l'orange!
4. Roasted half chicken: Flavorful pan-roasted chicken with a side of sunchoke puree and sauteed pea shoots in jus.  The chicken is very flavorful and tender.
5. Bucatini allo scoglio: Amazing squid ink pasta with squid, mussels, onions, and a hint of XO.  Tender and flavorful seafood blend with perfectly cooked bucatini.  
6. Labneh panna cotta: Very creamy with a hint of tart from the labneh.  
In all honesty, I miss this place and I have wined and dined quite a bit in NY.  This will give most places in the city a run for the money and a must-try in Rittenhouse.  Perfect for a small group dinner or date!What a fantastic dinner we had here last night! First night in town for a few days and we were staying right nearby. Had cocktails at the bar while we waited about a half hour for a table. Then dinner upstairs. Andrew was great guiding us through the menu and helping us make choices. The highlights were the sweet potato agnolotti with braised oxtail (soooooo fantastic) and the labneh panna cotta. Delicious!!! Would definitely come back if in the area again.I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. My parents used to go to Friday Saturday Sunday as Penn grads. My husband and I, having lived in the city for over a decade, had never dined at this Philly mainstay. After hearing it was under new management and that the changes were positive, we decided to go. 
The service is impeccable. Our waiter, Tim, was incredibly knowledgeable about every dish and steered us in the right direction. We had the root vegetable salad, gnocchi, halibut and steak. Small plates to share. All were prepared to perfection and we literally cleared each plate. The whole experience was incredibly enjoyable that, of course, we had to order dessert. My husband ordered the ice cream trio. He's a Breyer's lover. I was worried that maybe the buttered toast flavored ice cream would be too adventurous for him. He literally was speechless after one taste. I had the pear and cranberry crumb cake, which was wonderful. The shortbread crust was perfect. Maybe the balsamic vinegar could have been left off, but really I have no serious criticisms. 
The restaurant was packed, but we received each plate in seemingly no time. The service is at a level that you really don't see anymore. The attention to the dining experience really makes a difference. I have never written a review like this. I just couldn't not express my delight!What an amazing dinner! This is our new all time favorite in Philly. My wife and I celebrated her birthday at Friday Saturday Sunday. I messed up the reservation but they were quick to bail me out. The food and service were phenomenal. It is clear that the staff is well trained to make sure that your experience is top notch: drinks were ordered at the bar but seamlessly sent to our table, dinner service was top notch and a candle for the birthday was added to the desert without specifically requesting it. (I mentioned my wife's birthday in a casual conversation with the host.)
We had oysters with divine meyer lemon mignonette, excellent: chicken liver mousse, octopus and halibut and excellent panna cotta and plum tarte tatin for desert.
Thank you for an amazing night!Having left Philadelphia nearly 40 years ago I was surprised to see one of my favorite restaurants still there, my friend and I walked in just to look around so I could see what had changed...and of course everything had.  It was just before 5:00, we sat at the bar thinking we would just have a cocktail, found out that there were new owners, one of whom is also the chef.  We decided to stay and just have a quick bite and left several hours later after being served ONE OF THE BEST MEALS IVE HAD IN YEARS!!! A truly original menu with every item carefully and creatively prepared and presented. 
The octopus with Rancho Gordon beans was exquisite, the pasta with pork belly, dandelion greens and caraway was extraordinary...every ingredient was able to shine.. And how can you turn collard greens into something unforgettable? The salad, the chicken!  
I know m going on and on, but really.  This restaurant is worth a trip to Philadelphia. The service was friendly and the servers full of information...the chef and his wife came out to say hi...it was simply a memorable meal,What an amazing dining experience! The decor and atmosphere were impeccable - warm and welcoming. The staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly and made some wonderful recommendations. The cocktails were wonderful - eclectic and diverse incorporating some fantastic combinations. And the food....I just can't say enough good things about. I actually went there for the first time with a friend from out of town and he is already scheduling a trip back to Philly just so that he can go back to FSS.  Truly exceptional dining experience! Can't wait to go back!!Everything exceptional.. Don't miss the carrots and the to die for chicken. Number 1 bar in the city.. woo hoo.The food is very good but the service is not.  It was slow (which I don't mind) but then they rushed us out saying they needed to turn the table over.  I wrote a letter about the service to the owner but I received no reply.  I called, and then got the brush off.  Only to this place if you want good food but to be treated poorly.  To see expensive good food just isn't worth being treated poorly.What a fantastic find! If you aren't looking for it, you'll miss it as the restaurant is located on a mostly residential part of the block. Reservations were made for 9:45 and it was it worth the wait. It's styled like a classy turn of the century speakeasy of sorts. The cocktails are mixed with precision and crafted with fresh fruit. The menu is small but full of tasty options. The asparagus was crisp, the, bucatini was melt in your mouth yummy, the steak was cooked to perfection and the halibut was sinfully delicious. Yes, a lot of adjectives but I can't say enough good things about this establishment. Everyone from the host to the dish runner took pride in his/her role and it shone through the quality of the dinner. I can't wait to return the city for another visit.My husband and I were in town for one night and knew we had to make it to Friday Saturday Sunday. We started off with cocktails, which were delicious and incorporated a lot of ingredients you don't usually stock at home. We then dined on the scallop ceviche, mussel toast, chicken liver patê, beef tartare, and the gnocchi. Everything was absolutely delicious, but the gnocchi was hands down one of the best dishes we've had in 2017. It truly melts in your mouth. We finished off with the maple pecan tart for dessert. The service was great - all of the dishes were spaced out reasonably and we didn't feel rushed in any way. It was great to have time to enjoy each course the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Would recommend to anyone!I have dined at this restaurant a few times. While the food & drinks are always good, the service not so. We had a great server on my recent visit, Thor was attentive & super service oriented, he also gave great drink recommendations. All the dishes are good, the pasta are outstanding. We had bucatini allo scoglio, it has squid and mussels, the flavor is so intense it is unbelievably tasty. We also love the duck, it comes with roasted duck breast, caramelized plantains and confit duck leg. The duck ran out half hour after we ordered ours. So get there early if you want to try the duck.Came here on Friday -  it was the best way to celebrate this glorious day of the week! 
The place had a relaxing vibe: we walked out mellow and happy while having absolutely no alcohol in our bloodstream! No regrets about our Friday night spent at this restaurant due to their excellent service and delicious food. 
While the portions were not American, the taste made up for the size to price ratio. We ordered half a dozen of oysters - they were not large but wow! I ordered octopus - equally satisfying. Sea bass was as flavorful and mouthwatering as was the octopus. Mussel toast was so very good as well. The toast was addicting - crunchy, irresistibly fresh.Mussel toast is my new way to say "Mazel tov."
The waiter was attentive, amiable, and knowledgeable. Timely delivery and logical sequence of delivery earned this place another customer. 
Wow, what an unforgettable Friday we had. Solid 5 stars! Craving this place now,and it's been only a day later. Highly recommend.I'm extremely impressed after my first visit to the completely revamped FSS.  It's a totally different restaurant compared to the old days and that's OK. In fact, you can argue it needed a reboot even as well run as it was in the past. The new layout with the bar downstairs and dining room upstairs works well. It's simply a comfortable space with a fun vibe and the new owners should be commended. 
Now onto the food and I'll keep it short and sweet. Everything my wife and I ordered was stellar. The beef tartare and bucatini were standouts. The escargot and halibut dishes were also both very good.  Slight nod to the escargot regarding which one I liked best but that's splitting hairs. Sorry no pictures, but the presentation and attention to detail was impressive. As was the taste/flavor!
Varied wine list with fair pricing and enjoyed the bottle of Mourvèdre. Unique and could be a go to bottle on return visits if they keep it around. Several Madeira offerings for "dessert" to cap off the dinner also a nice touch. 
That's it. Really look forward to going back and working my way around the menu. Their extensive raw bar is on my hit list next.Chef Chad and his entire team have the best restaurant in Philadelphia! My wife and i were taken on a culinary experience second to none. Every dish we had was better than the last. Benji made sure we drank the perfect wine for each course. Rich kept the food coming. Starting with the Seafood plateau then Maitake toast, potato gnocchi, carrot confit, winter salad, lobster bucatini.... oh my.. roasted cauliflower, black cod and more then finished off with an incredible assortment of housemade sorbets and ice cream. Very cool looking place and a fantastic dining experience. Thanks! We so look forward to coming back.Wins on many fronts - ambience, service, and of course FOOD! Really appreciated the two levels (bar first floor, dining room second) and the warm earthy vibes. The service was also great / not at all stuffy, but still very professional and attentive without being overbearing. Also really liked the personalities and style of the service staff, normal people who just seem good at their jobs. On to the food which was seriously sooooo good. The complementary lavash with fresh butter, honey, and ash opened the meal perfectly. Such balanced flavors and I KNEW the chef understood food. For the meal we had the shrimp cocktail, asparagus, octopus, halibut, potato gnocchi. Favorite was probably the shrimp cocktail because they were so fresh and the sauce was this unique yuzu something or another that I couldn't even put my finger on but was delicious so we allowed double dipping at my table lol. I could go on about each dish but it's just better to come in and see for yourself. I don't even live in Philly (NYCer for life), but I will definitely be back. Kudos to the chef/owner and the staff for a great restaurant.In a word: amazing.  Run don't walk to this new restaurant in Rittenhouse which is SO not like most of the restaurants in that part of the city.  Here is what you can expect: delicious and inventive food, warm service, great drinks, smiles and a genuine feeling that you belong there.  Go for drinks, go for a snack, go for a romantic dinner but go and experience what it feels like when every aspect of the restaurant (front and back of the house) clicks and is done really well.Friday Saturday Sunday was the nicest dining experience I have had in a long time.  We came Saturday evening with a group of 4 to celebrate my brother's birthday.  
Right upon entering, the restaurant is lovely with a spacious bar area, and warm cozy lighting - perfect for a winter evening.  We ordered a round of drinks which were excellent, including the mocktail that the bartender whipped up for my pregnant sister-in-law.
After drinks, we moved to the restaurant area upstairs, where the atmosphere was equally warm and inviting.  Our server was fantastic - friendly, attentive, and able to make great suggestions regarding the menu.  And the food - every bite was better than the last.
We started with the scallop ceviche and the octopus - both of which were excellent.  
We then did a pasta course with 3 pastas - the gnocci, agnolotti, and gemelli.  All 3 were fantastic - there was a different favorite for everyone.  For me, the gnocci were the hands down winner - I have NEVER eaten better gnocci, they were so light and so flavorful.
The we moved on to veggies and meats.  We had the carrots and cauliflower, of which the cauliflower were a table favorite - really really flavorful.  And then we had the shrimp and grits, and the roasted chicken which was super moist and flavorful.
For dessert we had the Black & Tan Sunday and the Maple Tart.  Both were perfectly sized and just fantastic.
Really, I cannot think of a single way in which the dining experience at Friday Saturday Sunday could be improved.  A fantastic experience all around.We didn't make a reservation, and it was a 2 hour wait for a table, so we decided to sit at the bar. We were glad we did. This a really cute/cozy/ambient place. The food options are fairly small plates, and it was fun to order a few dishes and share them. I particularly enjoyed the gnocchi. The food really is awesome. The bartender was great! He was happy to have a conversation, pointed out local alternatives to mainstream liquor brands, and would make drinks that weren't on the menu based on what our preferences were. Just an overall good evening.
Next time we're back in Philly we'll definitely return here.Awesome dining experience. We were seated upstairs. The lighting was dim, which is perfect for a romantic dinner. I was dining with friends at this particular time and came in relatively late(10:15ish) after leaving a Sixers game. The waitstaff was as amazing as the food. Our waiter, Tim, was particularly knowledgeable and very friendly. He gave some great recommendations and was very patient. I had the scallop ceviche and the halibut. Both were very good and the the entire experience warrants a return trip.  
FYI - Street parking is a bit of a challenge. I parked at a parking lot around the corner for $25.This is an amazing restaurant. The ambiance is awesome. Not too loud and nice lighting. Perfect place for a date or  dinner with friends. There is a bar downstairs and dinning upstairs. The steak, gnocchi, and bucatini were my favorite. The brownie dessert was my delicious. Honestly you can't go wrong with any choice. I highly recommend checking this place out!Sweetheart has a new favorite restaurant in Philly!  Let's start with his cocktail:  a gin and scotch mix (he can't recall the name) that he loved!  Next, the "bread," which was paper thin wafers served with honey butter.  YUM!  The appetizer was fois gras, that was unbelievably delicious, served with toast and jam.  Our next course was stand-alone vegetables.  Sweetheart had the roasted cauliflower, and I had the confit squash, which was the best vegetable dish I have ever tasted. Now entrees...I had the grilled shrimp, which was lovely.  Sweetheart had the roasted chicken--also a winner.  Dessert?  Sweetheart had a brownie sundae, which he loved.  I was completely stuffed, but found room for a scoop of homemade mango sorbet.  A completely wonderful dining experience, and our server, Andrew was a major hunk, and a Navy vet.  As we were finishing our meal, Sweetheart said "Make another reservation."Went here last night and it was AMAZING! We had the oysters, grilled shrimp, gargonzola pasta and grilled octopus. Small portions but it was worth it. We also had sorbet and the plum dessert. I would deff go back if I come back to Philly.Not quite a 5** but close to it. Had a very good first visit experience.
Great tasting and very creative food, nice service, cute ambiance, a bit overpriced, but not a big deal if you leave the place with a smile on your face.  Definitely a good find for us.
Had: EGGS & CAVIAR (A), SWEETBREAD SANDWICHES (A), ENDIVE & TREVISO SALAD (B), ROASTED SQUASH (A+), ROASTED POTATO GNOCCHI (A), TROTTER GEMELLI (A+), LABNEH PANNA COTTA (A)
Worth coming back which we'll definitely do.This is a very belated review of a fantastic meal I had a few weekends ago. Our server recommended that we could order one item from each section: we opted for the mussel toast, trotter gemelli, confit carrots, and roasted chicken. They had us at hello: the lavash with honey butter was delicate but flavorful. You could distinctly taste the spice on the bread and both the honey and the butter. And that was before we even received our actual food order.
The mussel toast incited first bite exclamation. The order had four somewhat large pieces, and I really appreciate that they grilled the bread underneath so that the ample amount of topping never fell off the bread across multiple bites. The pasta was toothy and the right mix of salty and savory. The chicken came next, and it was extremely well-prepared (think a half bird?), with crispy skin and incredibly moist meat. My dining companion actually polished off the pieces with his hands! The carrots came last, and the dish had a delightful array of sizes, shapes, and textures.
All of the dishes were complex and complementary in component flavors and textures, and nothing tasted like something I had eaten before. Service was knowledgeable with regards to ordering and attentive but not overly so (water glasses were always refilled). The upstairs dining room is a little on the dark side, but the dining experience was well worth the trip.Really delicious, creative food. The food is designed to be shared and I would recommend around 2 plates per person. We had the scallop ceviche, gnocchi, carrots and octopus. All were amazing. Even the carrots was made into such an interesting and creative dish. Also, make sure you save room for dessert! We shared the brownie one and it was phenomenal!This is only a review of the drinks here! Fri Sat Sun is a cocktail bar by night with limited seating, and has a dining portion upstairs. Downstairs reminds me of Franklin Bar, just a bit smaller. There is some bar space, a single standing table, and a row shelf where you can also stand. The ambience is intimate - with not a lot of noise. It's a great place to take a date or dress up for a romantic night out. The cocktails are great, but not alcoholic. I got the cloudbreak, which tasted like heaven, but didn't seem to have that much alcohol in it. All in all, it's pretty typical of cocktail pricing around the area. I'm a fan!Friday, Saturday, Sunday... Honestly, you can go here on any day of the week, and it'll STILL be a shining example of great cuisine and amazing customer service. 
One thing I've never had happen at a restaurant: our server literally recommended the entire left half of the menu! And you had better believe: though we didn't order that much food, my stomach would surely have made room if we had.
First of all, let's talk about the Mussel Toast. First thought to enter my head PT (pre-taste): this is a perfectly logical next step for the aging Millennial. Simple and healthy, like avo toast, yet classy and *slightly* more exorbitant. A great splurge for a millennial, to be sure. 
Second, the Sea Bass. Can't say I've ever had the bass of the sea. I also can't say whether it's great at every establishment. What I can say though: FSS did it RIGHT. And it came out surprisingly quickly. My palate is not yet mature enough to be able to ascertain what those flavors were, but I thank the cooks at FSS for doing their thing with the seasonings! 
Finally, the cocktail. I ordered the "Alternative Fact", but lemme tell ya: no lies were told. That drink was the TRUTH and nothing but the truth! Basically a Paloma with an Italian twist and sweetened by an American inside joke. ;)  
THANK YOU Friday Saturday Sunday. I will remember you fondly and visit you oftenMediocre, and overpriced. The one appetizer we had, mussel toast, was creative and delicious, but the octopus, roast chicken, and beef tartare were average to poor. Prices were over the top, especially for beverages and the atmosphere is noisy, bland and uncomfortable. Can't recommend. Won't return.The food 
We ordered the eggs and caviar and gnocchi to share and then I had the roast chicken and my fiance had the steak. All of our dishes were delicious and cooked beautifully. The chicken was juicy with a crisp skin and the steak was cooked perfectly. The food here is a definite 10/10. The portion sized are small so just be aware. We ordered the aforementioned dishes plus dessert (also delicious, it was the black and tan sundae) and we were not full, I was not hungry but definitely not full. 
The drinks
The drinks were good, the wine list was underwhelming and the wine by the glass list was short as well. The cocktails were only okay, my fiance's old fashioned was not made correctly. I got the alternative fact and it only okay as well.
The space
The restaurant has a very cosy bar downstairs and dining is upstairs. Both areas are clean an inviting. Perfect for a romantic dinner - a must go for a date nightMan, this has probably been one of the best meals I've had so far in 2017!  I must say that the decor and ambiance are on point to match the food as well.  Fri/Sat/Sun checks off all my must haves for a great place to eat with excellent service, great food and a fair price point.  A huge shout out to their service staff that are very knowledgeable and polite and strike that fine balance of checking in JUST enough.  Food wise, there were no bad plates to be had, with my group of hungry eaters who wanted to sample everything we did more of a family style and I would order every plate again ESPECIALLY the pate, octopus and chicken.  I think we returned those plates to our server spotless.  Fri/Sat/Sun definitely works its way into one of my favorite eatery/date spot recommendations for this burgeoning Rittenhouse dining area.Amazing! This place is so beautiful, balancing elegance and comfort for a wonderful dining experience.  The service was on point as well.
Not to mention the DELICIOUS food!! Everything we ordered tasted amazing - you can tell the chef carefully designed each dish. There were some really unique flavor combinations as well as some time-true classics.
The maitake toast was my favoriteStop what you're doing right now and go make a reservation. My husband and I ate at the new FSS last night and it was hands-down one of the best meals we've had in Philadelphia (and we've had a lot of good meals here!). Everything we ordered, from the scallop ceviche to the beef tartare to the chicken liver mousse, was superb: beautifully presented and perfectly prepared with unexpected flavor combinations that set the menu apart. (These adjectives also apply to the roast chicken, which is not usually a dish that I order in a restaurant to begin with, let alone rave about.) 
Paul, the bartender, has a creative and thoughtful cocktail list (who ever would have thought that smoked eggplant syrup had a place in a cocktail?) and Hanna, who personally designed the interior with a stunning marble bar and gorgeous quarter-sawn oak paneling salvaged from a building in NYC, has created a space that feels simultaneously modern and also grounded in the past. 
My only hesitation in writing this review is that FSS will become so popular that I won't be able to get a table there (which I intend to do again, very soon). Seriously, people, cast aside your notions of the old FSS and come check it out. It's a true gem.It is worth a plane trip just to dine here. Hanna and Chef Chad are delightful and their commitment to quality is evident in every plate. The presentation is beautiful but the taste is superb. Cocktails are innovative and delicious. Truly the best dining experience I've had. So blessed.By far the best meal I have ever had! We started out with amazing cocktails at the bar downstairs then headed upstairs to a quaint and hip atmosphere. Benji suggested a superb wine and we proceeded to get one delicious plate after another. The seafood plateau was fresh and plentiful. The carrot confit looked so beautiful I hated to disturb the plate but the roasted carrots were amazing. The potato gnocchi melts in your mouth and the home made ice cream and dessert were worth every single calorie. The service was amazing and the owners were very concerned that our experience was nothing less than spectacular. Unfortunately, we don't live in Philly otherwise I would be a frequent diner. Can't wait to travel back just for another mouth watering experience.While looking for a place to have a seafood focused dinner, I came across this place. I had been here many, many years ago prior to the new management. This place really is top notch, from the quality of service (and quality of food) to the knowledgeable staff and amazing dishes. I highly recommend a trip to this place!
I believe our server was Tim (that's what was on the check) he was exactly what I hope for when you go out for a great dinner. He was able to answer all questions we had about the menu as well as offer suggestions based on your choices not random suggestions which most servers do. 
The food was exquisite! Oysters with a frozen lemon mignonette, was so delicious and a balance of flavors. Scallop ceviche was good but possibly a bit light for my taste, again nothing wrong, just personal opinion. Chicken Liver Mousse was very smooth and served with crusty bread and a complex array of accompaniments to enhance the flavors, delish. Gemelli pasta, house made with caraway and crispy pork belly, excellent. I don't often order pasta in a restaurant unless it's super interesting, and this was. Homemade chocolate curry chili ice cream!! Need I say more?
I am rating this place 5 stars, which I almost never do, I save the 5 star rating for those places that truly deserve it.This is a really cute restaurant that plays old, swingy music in the background. 
Dinner started with housemade lavash with honey butter and leek and fennel ash. I thought this was a really cool twist on the usual bread that's brought out at the beginning of a meal. The lavash was airy and crispy, and the honey made the dish lightly sweet.
I then received their eggs and caviar on the house. It came in an eggshell on an egg carton and was filled with mushroom duxelles and vin blanc topped with potato glass and some caviar. I'm always skeptical of runny eggs, but I really liked this dish. The flavors were mostly mushroomy paired with the briny caviar. It was interesting, and I would recommend trying it.
From the raw bar I got the cured arctic char with crispy nori, cucumber agua de chile, pickled strawberries, and citrus zest. The fish was very fresh, and the whole dish was light and refreshing. It was a little sour and savory with punches of citrus. Every bite was unique and fun, and I cleaned off the plate.
I also ordered the roasted asparagus with black walnut crumble, preserved citrus custard, and mushroom and sherry broth. This dish was vinegary with a spice blend that reminded me a lot of za'atar. The walnuts were a great addition texturally, and I thoroughly enjoyed each bite. My one complaint was that some of the asparagus was old and stringy.
For pasta I got the bucatini allo scoglio with squid, mussels, onion confit, and XO sauce. The seafood was tender and delicious, but the pasta was way too salty. There was some sourness that seemed to be coming from lemon juice, and the sourness accentuated the salty component of the dish too much. The noodles were also just slightly undercooked for me.
Finally for dessert, the black and tan sundae with brownie, blondie crumble, vanilla ice cream, chocolate, and whipped caramel. It was just okay, nothing out of the ordinary, and slightly too sweet.
To wrap up, a little jelly with cardamom and something else was presented with the receipt, which was cute.
I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant, and the food wasn't bad. I'd probably come back again and skip the dessert.What an awesome spot!   Drinks were amazing. Good all good. Atmosphere chill and friendlyWe were only here for drinks last night, but what a jewel box. The vibe is cozy and chic and the bartenders and staff couldn't be nicer. The renovations are beautiful.This is a very nice, intimate restaurant. We had a wonderful meal. The service was attentive and accommodating. The gnocchi we had ranks second to some I had from a Sicilian master, so, in other words, it was delicious. Good and very busy bar. Will definitely go back.nice spot off of Rittenhouse Square. Big bar serving up Craft Cocktails on the first floor with a dining room on the second floor.
We went on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Super loud in there too, hopefully they install some sounds panels soon.
Food was delish-- we started out with the Scallop Crudo, followed by the Chicken Liver Mousse and the Mussel toast. Best dish of the night by far was the Corn Agnolotti. We finished it off with the New York Strip, cooked to perfection, paired with some smoked mashed potatoes.
The cocktails my wife and i had were so-so. A little too much going on, with flavors fighting eachother. I thought the Wine List was very extensive, for its size, portraying some good Italian and French wines, while also throwing in some under-dog wines from Greece.
For dessert, we had the Labneh Panna Cotta, which was creamy and delicious, with a layer of Strawberry jam-like topping. Delicious!
Service was good-- Our server wasn't super personable, but was very attentive. The staff is a little plate-removal happy, almost taking our food before we were finished on a couple occasions.
All in all, i would recommend Friday Saturday Sunday if you're looking for some New American fare. I'd say great for a group of people, as you'll easily find something for everyone to eat.Fantastic. Ari,  Tim, and Hannah were all great. The service was impeccable, the food was amazing. Every dish was unique and flavorful. The food here is special and you should come try it.The food here was unreal. It's served family style and the portions are small but it tastes incredible. We got charred cauliflower, halibut, and corn agnolotti. The ambience was classy but intimate, the staff was helpful and attentive, and the food was incredible.I was struck by a few things, first that the food is amazing, next that the staff is super professional and friendly. The decor is also lovely and I love that they have a good prosecco by the glass. The raw course was fresh and delicious, with the best beef tartare I've had in the US.An excellent start followed by a mediocre ending gives us this 3 star rating.
It's been years since we have been here and I did like modernized sleek feel the place had now. We felt a little underdressed so maybe I would suggest slacks if you go. The drink menu looked nice for cocktails though we did not sample this time.
We started off with the beef tartare toast and the shrimp cocktail. The shrimp was fresh and good sized, though the sauce was not what we would have expected. The beef tartare on toast allowed the beef heats to excel, not over dosing you with horseradish. Excellent portion excellent dish.
The gnocchi was phenomenal, star of the dinner. Small portion size, but almost like au gratin potatoes in gnocchi form. Fantastic. You could not make a dinner out of the size if you were one person.
Finally we had the ny strip and the halibut for dinner. Everything was nicely cooked and seasoned, but it was just a good steak and a good piece of fish, not worth the price for sure.
Very expensive, one of the more expensive meals I have ever had in the city and not worth that price. May be next time, drinks and some gnocchiThis is an intimate restaurant perfect for date night.  The food did not disappoint.  It was excellent!  Every course from appetizers to dessert was prepared with precision and thoughtfulness.  Would highly recommend Friday Saturday Sunday.Great atmosphere, great service, and some of the food was delicious. Advice to chef: serve pasta al dante. Cocktails were great!Food and Ambience is very good. Unfortunately, the service could be better. We were pushed to order more items than we wanted to eat - so I felt I had to order an appetizer to please the waiter when he said "oh .... ... that's it" after we ordered entrees which he described as being a good size. Mind you that one main dishes was a half of a chicken. As an aside, we requested a different table (it was early at 5:30pm on a week day) and they were not willing to move us even though we had made a reservation and the place was relatively empty at that point. I guess that could be pretty annoying for the hostess but it's always a nice touch when a restaurant goes out of its way to make you happy.Wow. I would give extra stars if I could. The staff was excellent explaining all of the menu options and  you could obviously tell they knew what they were talking about. I had the Halibut for the main option and it's melt in your mouth. We went with a party of four and tried all of the desserts. They were delicious. We all shared the pasta options as well and they were all delicious. The music was great, vibe was upscale but super chill and the service and food were perfect. Amazing Saturday night out with good friends. We plan to go back soon.Very disappointed. First we had to view our menus with the tea light that was on the table. Other patrons were using their flashlights on their phone. The atmosphere was way too dark. We couldn't see what we were eating! The carrot dish lacked flavor. Just ok. The gnocchi dish was just small balls of mashed potatoes, no substance or pasta like texture which it should have. The sauce was basic and I could easily make it myself at home. Nothing special. The pasta dish with the lobster tasted good but made me literally sick that night. The servers wore t-shirt and jeans with cooks apron. Odd. Never again.Update: Visit #2 was just as good as the first, if not better. Got the scallop ceviche again, still excellent...the oysters, salad and gnocchi were equally enjoyable. The roasted chicken was the highlight, one of the very few places I'd order chicken regularly. And I will definitely be returning to this place on a regular basis.
My fairly high expectations were definitely exceeded this past Friday night. They've really done an amazing job transforming the old space. Our waiter went above and beyond to ensure a good dining experience, drinks were ridiculous and most importantly the food was delicious. 
The scallop ceviche, escargot and beef tartare were a pretty perfect way to start. Finished with the lobster bucatini and grilled shrimp, some of the best shrimp I've ever had...the lobster bucatini was good, but it was the least memorable thing we had. And anytime I can end an excellent meal with a citywide, I'm a very happy man. Looking forward to going back and trying the rest of the menu.Delicious, creative food with a helpful staff. A few minor tweaks and it would have been perfect!
Came for a late second dinner at 10:30pm. The beef tartare was delicious! Perfectly seasoned with nice crusty toasted bread. The oysters were not perfectly shucked, but they seasoned them and serve it with a lemon granita which is fun and interesting. The scallop ceviche was also creative with charred pineapple. The trotter gemelli was a bit salty but the texture was perfect. Cooked al dente with bits of meat and fat.Stunning restaurant in every way.. Great food, fresh and exciting atmosphere and perfectly professional staff. Rittenhouse Square has a new crown jewel.Amazing! From the ambience, to the food, and lastly the service! The portions are not large, but filling. I really enjoyed myself and will definitely return!This restaurant serves food with so much butter! Almost every plate I get contains a generous amount of butter; perhaps that's why it's so good! I'd recommend their octopus and their duck, it's truly amazing.Go just for the cocktails! Paul Mac Donald is a genius. People that follow cocktails as an art follow Paul. Don't order from the menu. Tell Paul your mood and a spirit, and let the master do the rest. There are two chefs at FSS, one in the kitchen, and one behind the bar. Guess which one makes the best use of eggplant and exotic fruits (hint: your probably wrong). Welcome back FSS, we're glad you're here.First time here and was great. Most things are small plates that you share but my mom hates doing that so she got an entrée of halibut. I got the octopus which was phenomenal and the cauliflower which I keep saying was like changing. Also got the asparagus as recommended by the waiter but it was just OK. Had some type of whiskey cocktail that was amazing. The black and tan dessert was out of this world.Omg the bar! The glasses! The cocktails.  my favorites are control state and cloudbreak which kind of reminds me of a non-sweet pina colada. The atmosphere is so great and they even have tables outside now!Came here on a brisk Friday evening after work with company. Walked in and we see a gorgeous white marble counter bar filled with sophisticated patrons and neatly uniformed bartenders. Walk upstairs to our host to an equally beautiful yet quieter dining area, sit down to comfortable chairs and we are greeted by our wonderful server, Tim. 
Everything from the elegantly crafted cocktails which are made by an alchemist of flavors, to the mind blowing dishes surpassed every single expectation. FSS simple sticks out as one of the best dining experience I've had in my life yet. The scallop ceviche was refreshing and light, the carrot and lobster bucatini was out of this world and desserts were equally unparalleled. Looking for a great dining experience to set a new bar ? I highly recommend FSSAs some of the previous entries have said, the food is good to great.  I loved my pasta dish (the three bites I had), but don't come here have hungry unless your willing to pay to fill your appetite.  I would have needed 3-4 pasta dishes to fill me.
A little can be blamed on my own taste, with neither of the first to sections of the menu appearing to me.  If you are a fan of the more raw selection, you may have better luck.  We went with two pasta dishes (very small), vegetables plate (delicious), and entree (roasted chicken).  The chicken was good, but didn't blow away other roasted chicken at lesser or comparable places.  It did have a bloody vein in it which turned off both of us.  
In the end, I don't know how this place is in the Philly top 10.  Good, not great experience.  Wanted to get a snack when it was all said and done, and spent $100 or more for dinner for two.
Funny side note:  I must have heard the identical speech about how to order off the menu all night.  Is this place corporate?In-freakin-credible.  
The new Friday Saturday Sunday is simply amazing.   The place looks gorgeous - very cool bar on the ground floor and a super modern looking dining area on the second floor.
We went for our anniversary dinner - they had been open for a couple of weeks.   The bartender is an absolute genius. Every one of the seven specialty cocktails is to die for - and yes, we drank them all.   He then sent an eighth one that wasnt on the menu - one that reminded me of an Indian chaas (kind of lassi).   if i had to pick one drink - i would do the Carte Blanche!  How the heck does he get eggplant into a drink -- this is a cocktail drinker's cocktail.  (as our waiter said - the industry types would LOVE this)
The food is ridiculously good -- tried the scallops ceviche, oysters (twice!!), the tartare, the octopus and the lobster bucatini.  as i write this - i am feeling hungry and want to go there again!!  The flavors that Chad has managed to put on the plates is nothing short of amazing.
and then the dessert -- absolutely try the Labneh Panacotta...oh my god!
This is absolutely a place i need to go to every other week....if not every week!I agree with other reviewers that the food is delicious, the servers are professional and courteous, and the wines are excellent. The new modern decor is very different from the old place of the same name. Thank goodness they got rid of the ancient carpeting on the stairs. (The dining room is upstairs and there is no elevator.) Plate portions vary - the halibut was tiny and the chicken was huge. Vegetables are not included - they are priced separately. This bar has no HH discounts. (Happy hour showed up online but apparently was left over from the old place) The music downstairs is way too loud to allow for normal conversation. Upstairs it's better but still it gets very loud up there once the placed is filled because there is no fabric to absorb the noise. The place is conveniently located so I would like to return but it's pricey so I won't be going there as often as the old place.To put it simply... Amazing! A must go. With out a doubt, Tim, our waiter capped off the experience with his excellent service and genuine belief in a top shelf product and service. This is a must try/do. Philadelphia restaurant at its best!Friday Saturday Sunday has it all! The servers and bartenders are very nice and knowledgeable, the drinks are fresh and delicious, but the best part is the food! Every plate was better than the other! The beef tartare was the best I've ever had. We will be back in no time to try everything on the menu!We came here late on a weeknight, and it was bustling! Friday Saturday Sunday is a great neighborhood restaurant, serving up high-quality food and unique drinks in a more informal setting.
At the beginning of our meal, the upstairs dining area was super (super) loud and busy - as a result, conversation was a bit difficult and our waiter seemed somewhat distracted. He did take the time to explain to us that the menu was shared-plates style, but then it took a while to get our drink and food orders in, and our first couple dishes came out in a peculiar order. (I say this because we ordered the some of the same dishes as the table next to us, who ordered 5-10 minutes later, and they got those items before we did.)
However, once our food arrived, the rest of the meal was wonderful. We really enjoyed our bucatini - the breadcrumbs and savory seafood were just delicious. We also loved the halibut and the New York Strip - we've never had such a tender and decadent rendition of that cut of steak! We also loved our drinks - I had the Well-Tempered Cocktail, a potent yet balanced gin and whiskey-based drink, and my dining mates enjoyed the Alternative Fact (tequila-based) and commented that the wine selection was quite good.
As things quieted down towards the end of our meal, our waiter warmed up a bit, and the meal finished off on a high note with a lovely mousse neapolitan cake. I'm quite happy to have discovered this place - my one recommendation is please, install some kind of sound proofing!Hands down best restaurant I have ever been to in New Jersey!  We got everything!  The entire menu!!! You won't be disappointed!  I'm in shock a place can be this good!! Thank you!!!Wonderful late night dinner spot with impeccable food and service.  Inventive cocktails as well as a strong beer and wine list accompany food and good looking crowds that are too die for. Close proximity to other watering holes and jaunts make this a win all around.  The most tender chicken in the city and the biscotti is also out of this world. Worth checking out for sure.Service was great. Oysters were small but tasty. Escargot was juicy and delicious. Shrimp was grilled to perfection. Chicken liver mousse was strong but spread over bread with a bit of jam and mustard seed it came together nicely!Very hip place around Rittenhouse square. The food was excellent but the portions where very small and a bit pricey. The service however was excellent. We tried the cauliflower, the sweet potato gnocchi and the octopus and everything was delicious! Their cocktails are also very good!i have to reiterate that this is absolutely the best bar in the city.  not only is it extremely aesthetically just lovely, the cocktails that the bartenders make both on and off menu are absolutely A+, coupled with the fact that despite how good it all is, they're the sweetest people.  very hands on, but let you sit in peace, and chat a bit if they can tell you're up for it.  i can't say much for the food (the other reviews speak volumes), but this is my favorite place to drink in Philadelphia.Food was AMAZING. Drinks were AMAZING. We sat at the bar and the bartenders Sasha and Paul were highly knowledgable and super nice. Paul whipped us up some drinks not on the menu and they were perfect. All of the food was so, so good. Highly recommend checking this place out!One of the best meals I've ever had! Explosive flavors on every dish. Started with potato gnocchi, as it's my husband's favorite. Split carrot confit & lobster second. Art work on a plate! The parsnips with the lobster were my favorite part! Split NY strip & cauliflower third. I don't think I've ever eaten a steak with that much flavor! Black & tan brownie for dessert for me & hummingbird cake for him. A meal to remember.The Drink "Control State" was delicious, but not anything amazing. It tasted similar to many other craft alcoholic beverages I've tried at other Center City bars and restaurants. Their vintage inspired glassware is; however, lovely. I also had the pleasure of trying the "Alternative Fact," which I found to be a bit boring after all the club soda was added. We did not eat, as we had reservations elsewhere, but the food menu is simple and for me a little too restrictive to be appealing. Unfortunately, they do not have a happy hour which is disappointing, being as though many online publications state the contrary. Perhaps it's outdated information from before the restaurant was refurbished and reopened? They should probably clarify this.WOW!!  Can't say enough about this amazing restaurant.  Started out with great cocktails downstairs and continued upstairs with amazing food.  Our party decided to indulge in sharing plates.  We had the most amazing octopus (I really hated sharing that dish), beef tartar, the freshest oysters I have ever had and the gnocchi is to die for!  The halibut and the NY Strip was absolutely flavorful and delicious without a doubt.  The service was impeccable....Andrew certainly was knowledgeable about the preparation of food and made our dining experience one of a kind.  Can't stop telling our friends and can't wait to return.  By far the best meal we've ever had.  Thank you everyone at Friday, Saturday, Sunday for an unbelievable dining experience!Do not miss this magical experience! Oh. My. God. 
The food, the atmosphere, and the service is to drool for! That's all I can say--you'll have to find out the rest for yourself but you will certainly not be disappointed.We were greeted by the lovely and friendly hostess who I later found out was one of the owners.  The food was absolutely delicious and a dining experience. The sauces on the shrimp and octopus couldn't be beat. Yummmmm to the chicken entree and seafood. Our waiter was very attentive and gave us great recommendations so we didn't order too much or too little. I have never seen such a friendly staff and a packed restaurant at 10 pm. No one rushes you and the ambience is just perfect.This is my favorite place in Philly right now. The attention to detail is phenomenal. Every dish is an experience. The cocktails are incredible, too.Look, the food is great (the crispy skin on the chicken is what dreams are made of), the cocktails are on point, and the space is a quintessential upscale Philly spot. Unfortunately, the service leaves much to be desired. I've come on three different occasions bringing friends the last two times. The first time my wife and I sat at the downstairs bar and had lovely service from the bartender who expertly kept track of the many parties waiting for bar seats. Perhaps this thoughtful service set our expectations too high for what we would find upstairs in the formal dining room. 
The next time we came we booked reservations with friends for 8 PM on a Friday. We planned to get appetizers, cocktails, and desserts and they acted appalled that we declined the main menu. Everyone in the party agreed that the waitstaff behaved oddly. A month or so later, we brought friends again. This time, we didn't make reservations because we were only planning on cocktails and desserts and didn't want to take a table if it was busy. We arrived around 9:30PM on a Saturday after a show at the Kimmel Center and we just wanted to wind down the end of the night on a sweet note. We were seated right away in a half-full room. Yet, our waiter was so offended that we declined the dinner menu that he told us that the restaurant was only open to customers interested in a full meal. Flabbergasted and embarrassed in front of our out-of-town guests, we agreed to order a vegetable dish to placate him. Philly is a city full of nice restaurants and its prime location makes it a spot that will attract patrons with varying meal needs. 
This could have been a favorite, go-to spot for me, especially to impress out-of-town guests, but their service needs some work before it can achieve that.Great overall experience! Walked in and the atmosphere was great, went with a friend but would definitely suggest for a nicer date spot. Service was good- attentive but not overbearing, and our food came out at a great pace for us. We ended up sharing a selection of small plates, because they looked more interesting than the entree sized dishes. For two people, we shared five small plates and a dessert and that was the perfect amount of food. They divided when they brought out the dishes, so that it ended up being like 4 courses, which was perfect, since we never got overwhelmed by the amount of plates on our table, and they did pair things well, even though we selected simply based on what we thought looked good. The pasta was fantastic, particularly the bucatini, and the carrot dish was a surprise favorite (interesting textures and flavor combinations). For dessert we shared the hummingbird cake, which was not what I expected at all but was delicious! Never seen a dessert like that (which is why we got it), and absolutely loved it. 
Overall, atmosphere and service were great, and the food was more interesting than a lot of what you can find in Philly. Great choice for when you can splurge a little on dinner.Go there now. Went twice, among the best in the area, both times good. Please stay delicious and friendly. Not often I'm happily surprised by good technique and creativity.Warm and inviting space, relaxed and professional staff, perfectly prepared tasty food and drink. Roasted chicken was hands down best I've ever had. Beef tartare was spot on. Comfy seating and table spacing which seem to be sorely lacking in other restaurants these days. I look forward to frequenting often.i'm typically wary of restaurants where the intent is to share plates. these are typically finer dining establishments where you'll order 5+ small plates and get very little bang for your buck. however, FSS bucked that trend. we ordered five smaller dishes and then one larger plate (the lobster). i was very impressed with the portion sizes but more importantly, the overall flavors. on numerous occasions during the meal i was saying to myself "this is the best tartare/ foie gras/ asparagus...i've ever had". also, i appreciated the suggestions of our waiter, who at one point questioned whether we really wanted to order both the tartare and chicken liver mousse because of all the bread (spoiler:we did). due to the overwhelming amount of dining spots in philly these days we may not return in the immediate future but my experience at FSS was truly a memorable one.The food and drinks are amazing, probably my favorite place in the city right now. Perfect combination of upscale without being pretentious. Highly recommend for all occasions, business meetings, after work drinks, special occasions etc. The octopus with menudo was so flavorful, shrimp and grits were great, definitely try the escargot, its served with a warm and fluffy biscuit that's great for dipping, super creative. Great place!Until recently, I'd written off the Rittenhouse dining scene: too trendy, too expensive, too Rittenhouse.  But the recently re-opened Friday Saturday Sunday is my new favorite restaurant in the city.  The food, the service, the downstairs bar, the clean lines of the dining room, and the staff all come together to deliver a wonderful evening.  I would recommend this for a romantic date, for a business dinner, or for just having a glass of wine (the wine list is amazing) and a bite at the bar.Love this place! Two of us came on a Tuesday night and there was no wait. We were not that hungry so we shared everything family style. We had Beef Tartare, Bucatini Allo Scoglio (squid pasta) and roasted asparagus. It was amazing and I loved the squid pasta(!!). Our waiter also sent us a few complimentary dishes. 
Super cute spot for a date night or catching up with friends. Highly recommend.Went for the second time last week and everything was wonderful. Its very helpful to ask what is in the dishes as some of the combinations are 'different' and maybe not to everyone's taste but when you land on the things that you do like, they are spectacular. The chef truly cares and is very engaged with the clientele, which is really important to long term success. Service was very good and everyone enjoyed their meals. We will be back!We waited for 45 min even though we had a reservation. On top of that, they didn't accept international ID's for drinks and were very rude about it. Especially the woman with the dark hair who is apparently the manager is very mean.I took my husband last weekend for his birthday and we both felt that this was one of the best meals we have had in awhile. The service was great; our waiter provided helpful descriptions of the cocktails and dishes and offered great suggestions on what we should order. We tried several cocktails and were amazed at how ingredients that do not sound like they would go together on paper could create such tasty drinks. We had the oysters, halibut, octopus, bucatini, and cauliflower. The pasta was cooked perfectly I loved the sauce on the halibut. Everything was delicious; I could not recommend this restaurant enough.The dishes here are little basic, new/contemporary American staples I suppose, very similar to vernick some dishes look the same Arctic char, beef tar tar, mussel toast. BUT everything tasted fantastic perfectly executed. The presentation of egg and caviar was suppppper cute but again remind me of vernicks egg and Uni. 
Where I think they excel is the service and pricing. Service was phenomenal. Also not to go unnoticed we were a party of 5 and all the appies came in 5 pieces. Coincidence? Or intentional to better accommodate us. 
The feel of this place is like you are eating in a Philadelphia old time home. I love it. I'm a big fan of this place and I think the chef here is talented. I hope once he builds a good base he will start to take more risks and make creative dishes. I'm really looking forward to a new season. You have my support.
Overall fabulous restaurant.Overall the food was pretty good. I thought for $35 I would get a decent sized piece of halibut but it was very small and not worth the price IMO. The chicken liver mouse was pretty lackluster. More of a liver taste than a buttery smooth taste like goose liver. $31 for a dozen oysters is also laughable. Menu is on the small side, which is why I wouldn't go back. A decent place but overpriced and small portions.The bar area downstairs is very approachable and friendly.  You can sit at the bar and order off the full menu.  Cocktails are delightful!  Glassware is so pretty!  Loved the service.  The mussel toast was out of this world as was the sweetbread katsu.  Seriously delicious and creative.My husband and I really enjoyed our meal at the newly reopened Friday Saturday Sunday.  Food, atmosphere, and service were all good.  Would highly recommend!Visiting the new FSS just made me miss the old FSS. Gone are the days of warm service where everyone knows your name, non-snarky non-pretentious waitstaff and hosts, breadbaskets (!), coconut cream pie, and bottles of wine $10 over cost. I'd give anything for an asparagus salad and a plate of chicken Dijon after an uninspired and funky tasting dish of collard greens and run of the mill roasted chicken.  Don't get me wrong, I wish the new owners well, but it's beyond me why they wanted to keep the FSS name without keeping any of the qualities that made the original FSS a classic, romantic, and winning restaurant for almost 40 years.Truly loved FSS.  Amazing.  Corn Agnolotti and the Grilled Shrimp.I've only ever been here for cocktails but they're some of the most creative in the city. The place itself is very comforting & in one of the best neighborhoods.Honestly, we were very put off by our waiter. We made a reservation for 5 15 to leave plenty of time before the opera, but from the moment we arrived (to a completely empty restaurant, mind you) we felt rushed and badgered. I recognize that some American diners like the constant check in, but when you're eating small plates and your waiter is interrupting after each plate arrives at 10 min intervals as well as in between bites to ask you how it is, it becomes difficult to carry on a conversation. I even told our waiter that we would give him a wave if we needed him (it is a very tiny space) but he didn't seem to get the hint. We were also not allowed to order a drink and appetizer while we continued to peruse the menu, which I found very strange. Our waiter stated that our entire order had to come at once. As the actual size of small plates vacillates widely depending on the restaurant and sometimes even from plate to plate, we wanted to order as we went so as not to overdo it, but that was not allowed. The food tasted good while we were eating it, but unfortunately, we had to leave the opera early as it did not sit well a couple hours later (I believe it was a bad oyster as my boyfriend and I shared every other dish and he was fine). We won't be coming here again.Great food but repeatedly, this is a place where you feel rushed when eating. Servers seem robotic, not genuine. Everything is hurried, no matter when you show up. $130 bottle of wine, and no one pored the wine but us.I'm really glad I finally made it here! This spot has been on my list and I suggested dinner here for a friend's birthday.. Cozy place with the bar on the main floor and dining room upstairs. 
The service was excellent and staff was knowledgeable about the food and menu. The food was all very good and had great flavor. I tried vegetarian options. The roasted squash was delicious and the gnocchi was really good as well. 
Others in my party were not vegetarian like me and they raved about their selections. Everyone was really happy with their meal and drinks.
Desserts were on point too, and the sticky toffee cake / pudding was yummy.  The owner even spotted my friend's check in on Instagram and saw it was his birthday. She gave him complimentary ice cream with a candle .  Very personal touch!The food is interesting and well prepared, noise level a bit more than comfortable. I was expecting a casual neighborhood dining experience, portions are small, prices high, not someplace to go often, although every dish, save one, our party ordered was tasty. With one drink and wine, about $120/ per person.Apparently when you start a bar tab and stand next to a group of people you just met, that means you're paying for their drinks.
The waitress was rude and didn't offer any understanding for her confusion about charging us for others' drinks.  It was embarrassing to be yelled for requesting strangers' drinks be removed from our bill.  My party was appalled by the unfriendly and disrespectful service.
I have no desire to attempt eating here or recommending Fri Sat Sun to anyone.It was our second dinner here and the impression was just the same great.
We loved SWEETBREAD KATSU, COLLARD GREENS, TROTTER GEMELLI, CORN CAPPELLETTI and ROASTED CHICKEN with a side of ROASTED ASPARAGUS. Were a bit disappointed not finding much of a choice for fruits and berries based desserts (in the middle of the summer?), so ordered the only option of sorbets with biscotti ( which were not that impressive in point of taste).  But can't say it'd spoiled the whole experience, so we left quite happy. Thank you FSS for a memorable meal we had.The cocktails were amazing. Paul was behind the bar and was very creative and kowledgeable. The  food was delicious.  Can't wait to return. Nice quite neighborhood gathering place.One of the best experiences are the unexpectedly ones. Having arrived in Philadelphia for a brief stay, we asked a few people for some suggestions for a quick dinner and, suggesting this somewhat hidden restaurants on did they do us a solid. 
1) The Good:  From start to finish, our dinner consisted with one special dish after another.  
The Chicken Liver Mousse was amazing. And I am NOT a fan of liver of any sort. Smooth, flavorful and unique. 
The Gnocchi - like none other I have had. Very light, airy with a clean and fresh taste. 
Confit Carrots -I mean....anyone that can make carrots be better than, carrots, wins my vote. So good. 
2) The Bad:  when I knocked over a win glass and broke it. :(
3) The Ugly:  Our waiter's sleeves. Ok, they are actually NOT ugly. They were super cool. So was he. Really cool guy. 
Check this place out. Very simple menu loaded with creativity. Amazing cocktails. And a staff that really knows there stuff. LoVed this place.Food was excellent but very expensive for small portions. 
Server was polite and informative but dropped the ball on the bill: he gave it to us and did not return for 20 minutes. Only when we stood up to leave did he realize we needed him to complete the transaction. 
The women at the reception desk, who also took coats, were not friendly. Cold reception. They seemed bothered to have to deal with us. 
Furthermore, if you want a reservation for four or more, you must give a credit card number and they insist on 48 hour notice and charge $25 per person if you contact them after the 48 hour deadline. Really?!  
 Too many negatives here. I like the place but won't return soon!I've been to this spot 3 times now since it re-opened and have always had a good time and enjoyed unique flavors. Contrary to some other reviews, my service each time was top notch especially the bar tenders on the first floor.  Unfortunately, unless I want to pay $13-15 for one drink I won't be returning as I left hungry.  I was told that an individual needs to order 2-3 plates per person which can add up to over $60 not including drinks or dessert.  We split 4 small plates and 3 drinks for over $130! For me, this is too expensive especially since I left hungry.  If you want to eat beforehand, spend alot of money and want to nosh on small, tasty plates then this is the place for you.Wow - can these folks COOK!!!! Had dinner with friends 2/23/17 and was blown away time and again as we sampled much of the menu. Not to be missed: chicken liver mousse. If you liked it at the original FSS ( I did!), you'll love this is one. I didn't think it possible but this version is even better! Also had the beef tartare - glorious. Shared the carrots and would definitely get them again. The collards - OK but the weakest part of the meal. I had the halibut. Perfectly cooked and beautifully, if subtly, sauced. The show stopper was the trotter gemelli. If I had ordered it I wouldn't have shared; can't wait to have it again. The chicken sounded delicious when described by our very knowledgable server (the only hold over from the original FSS!) and got raves from those who had it. I was too full to even sample. We had dessert - a deconstructed hot fudge sundae. I'm not much for the whole deconstructed thing but this was a beautiful balance of sweet and bitter. Paired with very good decaf it was a wonderful end to a spectacular meal.This place is amazing! Every dish was incredible.  Good cocktails...Mussel toast was delicious and generous, Gnocchi was cooked perfectly and had a wonderful pillowy texture. The charred cauliflower was really quite delicious and had such great vibrant flavors..the collard greens were equally amazing, they roll them up into right rolls and serve with the most incredible smoky broth...we all wanted more broth and we hummed with pleasure after each spoonful.  Eggs and caviar was a bit of a letdown in terms of portion size, I was expecting egg and caviar but got caviar in a hollowed out egg with foam...it was really good but we were expecting actual eggs in the dish.  The lobster was also good but didn't knock it out of the park like the other dishes...The absolute best part of the meal was the deserts..we had cheesecake and panna cotta.  They were some of the best I've ever eaten...I loved the decor and the music playing in the bar downstairs was really good...Ahh Friday Saturday Sunday, you are ALMOST perfect.I live in Fitler Square and have been meaning to check out this neighborhood gem for a while, but it's always full. I finally made a reservation way in advance for my girlfriend's birthday on a Wednesday night. I had read that the portions are small, so we shared two starters, a pasta, a veggie, and two plates. For starters, both the mussel toast and octopus were top notch, and better when eaten together, since the octopus is grilled to perfection and served in a flavorful broth. The ravioli-like pasta with ox tail ragu was tastey but incredibly small. I would order one of these per person next time. Seared brussel sprouts were amazing. My strip steak was a proper medium rare sous vide, served with a beat pure and some kind of salted shallot that was a curious flavor bomb in the creamy potatoes. The fish was very light, balanced with a cream sauce. We split a brownie platter for dessert that was out of this world. Service was satisfactory, with the dish explanations coming about as fast as you can listen. Coupled with a bottle of wine, the check was on par with the priciest of Rittenhouse restaurants. What sets Friday Saturday Sunday apart is the quaint row house vibe and proximity to so many residential areas. We will be back soon, but probably just for the raw bar and cocktails downstairs.AMAZING. I'd give it ten stars if I could. Had the mussel toast, seafood tower, potato gnocchi and beef tartar. Incredible food and best service I've had in Philly. Ari was a particular help. Exquisite dining experience. Cocktails are perfect for dates, so is dinner. Dates, special, occasions, or for treating yourself... You won't be disappointed.Stopped in on a Tuesday night in October with a group of 5 friends and sat at the bar-ended up staying for a few hours. 
Nice ambiance. Great drinks. Good selection of wines. 
Bartender was super cool. One of the drinks I tried from the menu was called "Made You Look".  The R&B playlist flowing from the speakers that night was great (and at just the right volume so you could hear the grooves, but also enjoy your conversations)...definitely added to the cool vibe of the place.
Will check out the upstairs area and the food the next time I visit!Really funny story!
So we went down to Philly on a day trip, and my boyfriend's parents practically forced us to eat here. They'd eaten at Friday Saturday Sunday  years back and raved about it. Famous for their taste in food his parents are not, so I initially held some skepticism. Alas - my research revealed a 4.5 star Yelp rating, which inspired me to acquiesce, taking the risk inherent in trusting folks less food-driven than myself.
We tried to call in a reservation but the joint was full (it was a Saturday evening). No matter! To the bar seating we go. When we arrived, we found a romantically lit establishment, far too urbane for the boyfriend's parents' usual tastes. Nonetheless, we took our seats, sidling up to a 3/4 full bar on the first floor. What ensued was nothing less that gastronomical perfection. I would describe each item we tried as the actual balance between foo-foo food and hearty, delicious, modern cuisine. The embellishments were delivered as a vital component of each dish, not esoteric afterthoughts. Exactly the kind of fine dining I dig most.
We wavered between three of the pasta dishes, and decided on two. The effusive and knowledgeable bartender actually sent us out the third one (the one we omitted) gratis. To put it in his words, "I couldn't let you leave without trying it." That's exactly the kind of touch that would bring me back time and time again.
Oh, and the funny story? This is a recent iteration of the establishment: same name but new husband + wife chef team, brand new owners. Nothing at all to do with the place my boyfriend's less than picky progenitors had recommended (besides the lovely Rittenhouse Square location, and the ever-so-clever name.) Our bartender - truly a wealth of information - described the past version of the joint as something of a "coke den."
Makes you wonder what my boyfriend's parents were up to back then...We just returned from a completely unplanned stop to the bar here...what a great decision! First off, our bartender was on fire--mixing incredible cocktails (my Old Fashioned was perfection), recommending the perfect apps and just in general being great at her job. We split the Mussel toast -- what a delectable surprise-- the gnocchi ( light as feathers but soooooo yum) and the pâté (again a work of art) and then split the roast chicken which was a delicious toast to October. We shall return and might even make it upstairs to the dining room!Super great service, fabulous food, such a delight for your taste buds. Be adventurous, I tried the octopus for the first time and it was a savory treat!! Also "to die for" desserts; homemade ice creams that melt in your mouth. Put Friday, Saturday, Sunday on your restaurant list!Wow!  What an amazing dinner.  I have some food allergies and these guys did amazing!  There was no problem at all.  We ate in the bar and the bartenders made us feel right at home!  They asked the right questions about serving the food and clearly understood before helping us land on the right thing. My husband had the steak and I had the lobster.  We also ordered The Brussel sprouts.  They are remarkable and will set the bar high for sprouts to come.  Don't leave here without the Panna Cotta and the fresh sorbet! This night will be one to remember.  Amazing staff, food and overall experience!Almost a perfect meal. 4.5 stars.
The restaurant is easy to miss and the interior follows the same simple design (although I didn't get a close look at the bar downstairs). The stairs are quite steep, so be careful. The upstairs dining area is quite cozy and dimly lit, so there is a definite intimacy to the space. 
But on to the food, which was stellar. They start you off with their version of bread and butter. A flaky yet crispy something or other with creme fraiche you want to eat it by the spoonful. We ordered two appetizers, the beef tartare and the maitake toast. The beef tartare was divine, it was perfectly seasoned, the dill added just the right amount of flavor to support the beef and the accompanying toast completed the dish. The maitake toast was far less memorable, but adequate. 
Our entrees for the night were the grilled shrimp and the NY strip. The grilled shrimp was a solid dish, with smooth flavors. The two different types of cooked cabbage were interesting. The crispy cabbage was delightful while the blanched cabbage seemed a bit out of place. I wrapped the shrimp and grits inside the blanched cabbage, which was a great way to get all the ingredients in one go. Yum. 
The only disappointment was the NY strip. It was way too salty. The potato puree and sauces slightly toned down the saltiness, but a NY strip on its own should never be that salty. Everything else about the dish was great. 
The service was attentive and polite. 
I will definitely come back to try their octopus, pasta, and cocktails. Can't wait!Start with a cocktail at the bar. They're delicious and you feel as if you're spending time in their living room. Move on to a dining room table and start the meal. Be prepared to proclaim that Friday, Saturday, Sunday is the best restaurant in Philadelphia. The combination of food, service, atmosphere and value here are tough to beat. Everything is perfect every time. The seafood plateau, eggs with caviar, confit carrots, Brussels sprouts with sherry and mushroom....on and on. Every plate of food is just so damn good. And every piece of service provides everything you want at the perfect time. Can't say enough.Delicious! Got the beef tartare, octopus, and brussel sprouts for the appetizers and split it between three people. For the main course I got the lobster and it was so good! Of course we saved room for dessert - got the brownie per the waiter's recommendation and we enjoyed every bit of it! 
I think they change their menu every so often so I'll be back to try out some more goodies.I just left my 4th visit here. The place keeps outdoing itself. I finally tried the chicken, which is literally amazing. The gnocchi is still my favorite but the pork belly gemelli was so good! The steak was amazing too. I love this place!What we had: Scallop ceviche, escargot, bitter green salad and bucatini allo scoglio.  We drank the 'Cloudbreak' which consisted of genever, bönål, lemon, cream, egg white, grapefruit zest and grated cinnamon.  A bit too sweet for me but it was beautifully prepared and my friends who love drinks on the sweeter side thoroughly enjoyed it.  All the food was excellent.  The escargot was phenomenal and I could of eaten a troff of the bucatini.  The space from what I understand was recently renovated and it is elegant without being stuffy.  The service was very good.  
This place is truly a neighborhood gem and I hope it is here for years and years to come.Food was amazing! Service was great.  The preparation alone for the half chicken takes over 3 days not to mention the accoutrements that were included. Both appetizers we ordered were amazing(oysters and charred carrots) I would definitely recommend this for a date night, birthday or just a fancy outing!Stopped here for a drink on a day trip to Philly. 
My girlfriend and I felt like we were entering one of those undercover godfather-like-gangster film bars that are high end and a little mysterious. 
Beautiful wood, friendly bartender, and delicious cocktails. 
I will be back next time for the food.writing this review as i plan my 2nd visit ... haha
so i loved everything about FSS and idk how it was never on my radar until now!
the whole dining experience was fantastic!  service was superb and definitely very memorable.  i was very surprised with the food! for apps, i was intrigued by the description of the sweetbread katsu and it did not disappoint! not sure if the rest of the table shared my thoughts lol but i am very glad i got to try that and the bone marrow spread was so savory! it would've been great with just toast.
the pasta knocked my socks off! the bucatini was our table's favorite.  there was so much going on in this dish and everything was so tasty! we also had the gemini which was amazing as well! i wish i can say more but the dim light made it very hard to differentiate what i was eating lol
the roasted chicken was great! i don't remember much but i remember it was very tasty! i would probably go for a different entry next time to switch it up!
this is a great spot for a foodie! don't miss out!A perfect meal. If you're not familiar, they recommend picking a plate from each of the five sections of the menu and sharing those plates among two people. We had the shrimp cocktail, the chicken liver mousse, roasted potato gnocchi, roasted brussel sprouts, and the New York strip. Everything was amazing. We finished with brownie dessert. Also fantastic. The service was also excellent. We'll definitely be back.This is my favorite place from small plates at the bar all the way to champagne and caviar, steak, and Hummingbird Cake. You can share or keep it all to yourself. The quality of the service and the food and the drink is crazy good. Hanna and Chad do it right, without pretense. Love this place! Oh, yeah, don't go here, I'd like to be able to get a table.My wife's birthday. Her comment:  "This is really a wonderful restaurant ". My son "holy shit, these are good".I went to Friday Saturday Sunday with my partner and ordered six dishes: 1) Artic char, 2) Sweetbread Katsu, 3) Bucatini, 4) Collard Greens and 5) pig blood sausage pasta and 6) Black and Tan dessert. 
The food was good but not exceptional. Compared to Michelin 1-starred restaurants I have dined before in DC and NYC that serve small-medium dishes, Friday Saturday Sunday is not quite there yet. But, their food certainly stands out in Philadelphia. I dined at Serpico about two weeks ago and I would say taste-wise, F.S.Sunday is better though Serpico serves more stylish dishes. So, F.S.Sunday is pretty darn good especially their pasta. 
But, one thing that makes F.S.Sunday stand out even from other Michelin Restaurants is their service. My server, Tim, was exceptional. I think Tim was the best server I had in my 2 years in the U.S. 
I just wish they change their menu often enough for me to revisit.This place was amazing! Great service, fantastic food & cocktails, and solid ambiance.
Ambiance: They have an upstairs and downstairs. It feels very tiny, but quaint and romantic. It is fairly dark, but light enough to see your date/company with nice candle lighting. 
Drinks: We got the Control State cocktail and a couple bottles of wine. All drinks were well done and complimented the food very nicely.
Food: We got the Octopus for starters (doesn't look appetizing but it is SO good!). Octopus is served over beans and so flavorful. We also got the Brussels sprouts, which also didn't look as great as they could have. And I've had crispier Brussels (I like them crispy), however, the flavor was amazing. Finally, we had the sweet potato which comes with popcorn on top. This was so random, but was such a nice crunchy accent to a soft dish. For entrees, we had the Sweet Potato agnolotti, steak, and lobster. All were delicious. 
Would come back and recommend to all. thanks!Friday Saturday Sunday- Philadelphia, PA- 3.75- Stars 
The City of Brotherly Love is known for several things, such as being the hometown of Benjamin Franklin, putting a jersey on William Penn's statue during playoff runs and for throwing snowballs at Santa while he was visiting an Eagles game.  However, during my time here, and I know this is no secret but, I have also come to realize that Philly should be better known for some damn fine eating establishments as well!  Frangelli's comes to mind (if you have never had a franolli get thee hence--pronto!) and my current subject of review, the restaurant with the three-day name, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.  
Friday, Saturday, Sunday is conveniently located in the old neighborhood just west of Rittenhouse Square on the corner of Rittenhouse and 21st.   Having been open since 2016, they are quickly making a name for themselves in and out of the neighborhood.  Upon entering I was slightly taken aback by how small the dining area was, it's just a tiny room (make a reservation).  After being led to our table and handed a menu I noticed the place felt bigger than it looked.  Glancing at the walls, I attributed this to the scenes depicted throughout the establishment.  With big, sweeping landscapes, they lent an air of openness to an otherwise cramped space.
We were soon approached by a fantastic human by the name of Layton who came to take our order.  Layton was well groomed, professional in his approach and had a fantastic personality.  After a few minutes just enjoying his engaging personality, I put in an order for a $413 Million Dollar Baby cocktail, Shrimp Cocktail, Chicken Liver Mousse, and Lobster.  It wasn't long before Layton returned with my cocktail, and what a cocktail it was.  This cocktail is an ingenious concoction of Scotch, Oloroso Sherry and lemon-coriander shrub.  The result was a massive depth of layered notes of goodness.  
After allowing me ample time to savor the delightful drink in front of me, Layton returned with our food.  As one can see by the posted pictures, the presentation was flawless and the plates looked like works of gastronomical art. The bread was fresh, warm and had just the right amount of chewiness to crust as one would find in any fine dining place in Paris, New York, or Los Angeles.  The Shrimp Cocktail came with some of the biggest, sweetest, freshest tasting prawns I have had.  The homemade cocktail sauce contained notes of horseradish,  red pepper, fresh tomato and was absolutely to die for.  The Chicken Liver Mousse looked like Braunschweiger but tasted even creamier.  The side of Carrot Confit (made of several varieties of the tuber) was cooked unevenly and not pleasant to eat. The date molasses threw the dish out of balance.
This brings us to the final item in our order and the last to be reviewed, the plate of Lobster with green garden dashi and parsnips.   The huge chunks of Lobster meat were luscious and presented flawlessly, the parsnip purèe was a pure delight on the palate.  If there was any drawback to be found in this course of crustacean it was that I found the reduction sauce to be ever so slightly lacking in flavor.  The depth and complexities of flavors found throughout our meal, from my opening cocktail to the Chicken liver had set the bar high and I was expecting to be blown away by the sauce.  Alas, I was not.  It was good, just not what I had come to expect from the previous items.  
The Big Boy says, "For amazing, complex drinks, Slightly Above Average eats and awesome service you can't go wrong with a stop at Friday, Saturday, Sunday.  Sadly, I found out no matter how much you try, you can't stay for three whole days.  Something about table turnover..." #iamthebigboy #bigboydiningoutEnjoyable, well prepared food, menu is somewhat limited.
The dining room feels crowded-staff is knowledgeable and professional.Food was very, very good, a delicate, discerning, detailed touch above most restaurants. Chef came from Amada.   Escargot, or their delicious environment,  were way above good. Scallop ceviche was gorgeous and delicious.  Collard greens and poached egg were original and tasty.   We had chicken and halibut.  Both very, very good.
Menu slightly limited, I would say, only 5 entrees.  Only one salad, raw root salad. They were out of the $50 Sauvignon-:((((.  We did not order dessert, but for my friend's birthday, they graciously brought the most, most delicious scoop of vanilla, sesame, mint chip homemade ice cream, in a gorgeous Anish Kapoor (Cloud Gate) shaped , Limoges white porcelain bowl. 2nd floor dining room ( and bar downstairs ) was packed, and no too loud. Seats near the window upstairs were cushy-tuschy and more private. Waitstaff, very gracious, attentive, knowledgeable and obviously proud to be part of a great new culinary presence.By far the best meal I have had in a long time. The potato gnocchi were pillowy soft and bursting with flavor. The NY strip cooked to perfection and paired perfectly with potato purée and beet sauce. Exceeded all of my expectations! Don't forget dessert...the deconstructed brownie had me closing my eyes with joy. We will be back!Nice selection of delicious food. Perfect portions for us. We had unique cocktails and good wine. Staff was very nice and informative. Service was good after a start that tried to rush us into ordering.the main courses looked good but we are three appetizers each, and every one of them was delicious and beautifully prepared.Very great place to eat. Food was phenomenal. A must when thinking of a place to go for date night.One of my new favorite places in Philadelphia. We came early for a drink at the bar and was greeted by a fun, busy atmosphere and friendly bartender and hostess. Cocktail list was somewhat limited but we both loved our vodka and tequila based drinks. We tried a variety of small plates and the asparagus roasted chicken and summery corn pasta dish was our favorites. Don't skip the homemade ice cream, the honey crunch was an unforgettable treat at the end of a really nice night at Friday, Saturday, Sunday.Food was excellent, service left much to be desired. Our server was clearly disappointed that we "only" ordered 2 apps, between two people, before our entrees. The server recommended we ordered 3 plus two entrees. When we only ordered 1, he pushed us to order a second. Our bill was over $150 and the server acted like we were not ordering (spending) enough. No "thank you's" or "you're welcome." Very impersonal experience. 
Great food but the service will keep me from going again.My husband and I have a deal: the birthday gal/guy gets to choose the place where we'll celebrate the birthday dinner. It was my birthday, and I  chose Friday, Saturday, Sunday for my special day.  It was a great selection.  We both had the shrimp cocktail for our first course.  You get 4 large shrimp on a bed of ice served with a very interesting dipping sauce (no cocktail sauce here).  For the entrees I had lobster and he had steak.  We both loved our choices.  They were not large, but they were excellent and satisfying. We paired the entrees with a serving of brussel sprouts.  The sprouts were a bit too sweet for my husband, but I think they were great.  We will definitely be back.This restaurant is intimate and welcoming. The service was superb - attentive, friendly and thoughtful. I dined alone because I was in town on work travel, but I quickly forgot about my solo status as I began to eat. I started with a half dozen oysters which were served with a frozen meyer lemon mignonette. Briny chilled perfection! Next I had the chicken liver mousse, which was somehow not only decadently rich, but also light and airy, served with perfect crusty bread points. Next came the beet pyramids which was a dish like nothing I have ever had before - they were petite pasta pyramids filled with pure joy, I mean puréed beets and goat cheese. Each bite was divine - light and airy, like eating a tiny happy cloud. I am so glad I chose to dine at this lovely and inventive restaurant! My one regret is that wish I had saved room for dessert.Finally made it over. Came late so no food, but I drooled a little on/looking at the menu. 
The space (downstairs) was lovely and Sacha was perfect... felt all warm inside like we were sitting in an apple pie straight out the oven. 
Our libations?  On point... although mine (The Emperor's New Laundry) was the superstar.
Definitely look forward to sampling some more.A recent visit was quite a disappointment, not so much from the food aspect - which overall was quite good, except for the high saltiness of some of the entrees my party had - but instead in terms of the service and tone of our interactions with staff. We arrived right on time for our reservation, and were told we'd need to wait. (I understand that they require a credit card for a reservation, which is fine with me - but then you do expect them to have your table.) We were left standing there kind of awkwardly, wondering how long it would take for them to seat us. One of our party suggested that we go someplace else if the table wasn't going to be ready. So I asked the hostess about the status of our reservation - her reaction was like I was being impertinent. But just then, it turned out they did have a table ready for us. Once seated, our server was adequately attentive, but a bit pushy about how many items we should order. And he gave the impression that he was really far too busy and important to be dealing with us. (I do feel sorry for the servers - they're required to wear these suspenders, and really, it's a pretentious bit of silliness. It must be humbling to come to work and have to get dressed like that. Whose idea was it?) My sense was that FSS is a kind of soulless place - great food generally, but not much human feeling - and leaving, we got the obligatory fake smile from the hostess, a perfect ending to the visit. This evening was especially disappointing, since we had visited previously, soon after the new management took over. We loved the way it had been renovated with the windows opened up (I especially liked the tiny bathrooms, the sinks are quite remarkable), and the beautiful wall decorations. They weren't that busy at that point, and the vibe was completely different. Now we were dragging our friends to the place. It was packed, but just the same, I have the old-fashioned idea that I should feel welcomed when I walk in, and valued as a customer. There are so many other comparable restaurants in town that bother to do that. Probably won't be back any time soon.We came here for our anniversary.   Our waiter kept saying happy anniversary to us every time he brought food or drinks over.  Lol.  We had a joke going on.   Love cocktails, food and services everything.    Wish I could come here every week but it's slightly pricey for me to do that.   Especially eggs & caviar must try.   Sounds strange for some people,  but it's amazing.This is a review for the cocktails served downstairs at the bar only! 
Came here with my boyfriend on a lazy Saturday afternoon. Had to wait to be seated at the bar for a few minutes but it was well worth it. The decor was dramatic and beautiful, with lots of attention to detail. They have a midday food menu which is mostly small seafood plates served at the bar, in addition to their drink menu. The cocktails are innovative, using a lot of amaro and unique ingredients like rose water etc. I ordered the low road and he ordered the man for all seasons. Both cocktails were very well done, on par with the speakeasies in Philly that specialize in this type of thing. Not too sweet, well rounded, complex, and great presentation. We will be back to eat!Just one of the best spots in the city. Visit the bar and Paul will make you an excellent cocktail. Appys are just fantastic, try everything!What a fantastic meal! It's been years since I have been to Friday Saturday Sunday and when I told my friend I wanted to go back since they re opened she was less than thrilled. The old FSS had become a bit outdated and unexciting. That place is long gone and they redo is amazing! Big bar on the first floor with about 12 seats and plenty of standing room and the beautiful dining room is on the 2nd floor.
My friend had a couple cocktails which she loved and I had some rose- wines by the glass at great price points ($9 for mine). We ordered the scallops ceviche, octopus, beef tartare, gnocchi, the carrots and the Black and Tan sundae for desert. I would recommend all of these dishes! The ceviche comes with a burnt pineapple which is fantastic, octopus over some delicious beans with a little sauce poured tableside, gnocchi light and fluffy and carrots cooked to a sweet perfection. 
Do not skip the Black and Tan sundae it is superb! In house baked everything- rich brownie with salt yes caramel and little bits of sweet things with a bit of house made vanilla ice cream on the side. 
Do yourself a favor and come here for drinks and or dinner!! You won't regret itI had the pleasure of going to Friday Saturday Sunday this past weekend. The ambiance, service, and food were absolutely outstanding. Let me first begin with the service, our waiter Eric was nothing short of fantastic. His recommendations were honest insightful an excellent job of walking us thru the menu. The rest for support staff and the restaurant was nothing short of professional and courteous. We felt as if the pace at which the food was brought to our table was absolutely on point and we also felt as if the portion sizes were perfect for a tasting menu.
The cocktails were fantastic. I had a drink that I believe is called the assassin's handbook it was unlike anything I've tried before. It had a mix of sour spicy sweet and smoky notes that lingered really well.
As far as the food was concerned we tried the shrimp cocktail, grilled octopus, sweet bread sandwiches a.k.a. the marrow sandwiches, the red potato gnocchi, and the cauliflower. The cauliflower and octopus are probably my favorite items I enjoyed. The gnocchi  was also fantastic treat. For dessert we enjoyed the brownie ice cream and caramel reduction sauce. The sauce was absolutely to die for.  
Overall, we had an absolutely incredible experience here I would look forward to returning soon. This is a quaint restaurant in a hidden gem in Philadelphia. The dishes are innovative delicious and straightforward the ambience and the service is the best that I've experienced in Philly thus far.Long story short...
I live in San Francisco but wanted to surprise one of my friends with a pre-paid meal and got in touch with their manager Maxine.  She was super responsive and a dream to communicate with!  And everything turned out perfect:)  Thank you Maxine, thank you to the server who took care of them all night and thank you to the staff at FSS!   From the amount of text messages and pictures I got from them that night, it was all pretty stellar:)  Highly recommend!!
Thanks again Maxine!Some of the best cocktails in Philly in a space that feels decidedly un-Philly. Nothing better than sitting in their high chairs at the bar and drinking a deliciously clean bevvy. Also, their music selection is always on point with selections including D'Angelo, Jill Scott, and Lauryn Hill. Despite the caliber of the food and drinks, it doesn't feel stuffy or pretentious at all.Amazing food. Lovely service and setting. 1 star reduction because the music was on the loud side (panels on the ceiling helped) and not really matching the environment (think pop) and distracting. I don't like to notice the music in a restaurant.I just want to come here Friday Saturday Sunday. And Monday...and Tuesday...
Some of the best cocktails in Philly, not to mention quality plates of food that live up to the same high standard! Perfect place to enjoy a few drinks and exquisitely tasty bites with a friend in a classy vintage setting; space is limited though, come early or late to avoid the 6-8 pm crowd. 
Favorite cocktails so far:
CONTROL STATE  -- vodka, lime, grapefruit, honey, savory bitters
SWEET NOTHINGS -- calvados, lemon-coriander shrub, prosecco, cilantro
Loved the eggs and caviar with mushroom duxelles and vin blanc ($16) which were little umami bombs - savory light egg mousse atop rich mushrooms and topped with more "Egg" (caviar) - served inside perfectly hollowed out egg shells (can you have too much egg? I think not). Chicken liver mousse toasts with caramelized foie gras, date molasses, and mustard ($15) were divine as well - impossibly smooth and rich mousse and perfected toasted cavernous slices of sourdough bread. 
Would love to return to try the dry aged duck for two...and the sweet potato agnolotti with braised oxtail and brown butter...and the mussel toast with garlic aioli, smoked paprika, and onion confit...is it Friday yet?The original Friday Saturday Sunday may have been my favorite restaurant when I lived on Rittenhouse Square. A romantic meal in a corner spot in the small upstairs dining room was always a treat, so much so that I would overlook the cigarette smoke. I finally made it to the new Friday Saturday Sunday, and I'm happy to report it's even better than the original. Philly has yet another 5 star restaurant!
The decor is completely different from the original Friday Saturday Sunday. It will be unrecognizable to anyone who frequented the original. The bar is now downstairs and the main dining room is upstairs. It's brighter and more modern. My dinner companion and I ordered a selection of shareable plates with help from our waiter. The meal starts with bread, but the bread is paper thin wafers with butter. It seemed an odd start to the meal as there is no need to get fancy when it comes to bread. The first dish from our order to arrive was the mussel toast. It blew my mind. It's mussels on toast, but there is other stuff on the bread with the mussels. I don't know all the ingredients but I do know the taste was amazing. And some kind of juice was dripping down my hand as I ate it, like I was eating a juicy cheesesteak. I traded an item form the next dish, sweetbread katsu, with my dinner companion just so I can get another slice of the mussel toast. It was just that good because the Sweetbread Kato was delicious as well. I didn't really want to trade. The sweetbread is served as sandwich squares packed with flavor. We ordered two pasta dishes, the Roasted Potato Gnocchi and the Trotter Gemelli. Both were perfectly cooked pasta dishes, with the Trotter Gemelli being the standout because it contained pork belly. Our vegetable was the roasted asparagus. I'm not going to sing the praises of a vegetable, but the way it was served, already sliced and sitting in a mushroom and sherry broth, made it the best asparagus I've ever tasted. Dessert was a "Black and Tan" Sundae. It was a fancy brownie with vanilla ice cream. You can't go wrong with a dessert like that. A deliciously way to end the meal.
The service was outstanding. Philly Mag doesn't seem to care about service or decor when it releases its bogus best restaurant list and includes cafes with no decor in which you order at a register. But decor and service matters! Friday Saturday Sunday's service had the perfect level of attentiveness from everyone involved, and the waiter seemed to know everything about every aspect of the menu. Decor - check, service - check, food - check. Friday Saturday Sunday is a true 5 star restaurant.You absolutely must try the Brussels sprouts...they are to die for! I'd recommend making a reservation if going on a Saturday night. Cute, quaint spot.Love this place. The food and the cocktails are absolutely amazing. Will always be one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia! The oysters are some of the best I've ever had. The half chicken is delicious. The Shrimp and grits well they're simply amazing!Classy restaurant/bar tucked away in a corner of 21st street. The restaurant is dimly lit, perfect for a date night or a quiet group dinner. 
I've heard and read great things about their cocktails. Our group decided to order a few for the table and we weren't disappointed. We tried the chicken liver mousse - the addition of date molasses gave this a slightly sweet touch, while toning down the taste of chicken liver. It lived up to my expectations and then some. We also ordered eggs and caviar which was great, and also visually appealing. The roasted squash, with pumpkin Seed Romesco and sweet onions was a pleasant surprise. 
The only disappointment was the labneh pannacotta. Our group didn't care for it much. We loved the sticky toffee pudding and the biscotti. 
Great presentation, excellent service and elegant interiors! Two thumbs upThe steak tartare. Oh my god, the steak tartare. And the cocktails. And did I mention the steak tartare ? It rivals my other favorite from Estela in NYC. And keep in mind, I've been known to eat steak tartare 3 times in one day while in Paris but this is truly special.My fiancée took me to this hyped-up restaurant (#3/50 Philly Mag) for my birthday (after we already splurged on happy hour at the Oyster House). And despite both being full, FSS delivered! 
The complimentary, paper thin crispy chips and savory whipped butter may have been my favorite thing I ate that day... had it not been for the next several dishes they put in front of us.
Sweet bread Katsu toast was perfectly crunchy and soft in the middle. The flavors (bone marrow included) were strong but not overpowering. I like to eat things as they are plated, but also deconstructed- and this tasted great both ways. You can really taste the high quality of the ingredients when you eat them separately.
The cauliflower had a nice bite to it- tangy? Semi-sweet savory? Almost peppery? This was over a month ago, but thinking about it's complexity really brings back the amazing  and unforgettable flavor. 
The roasted potato gnocchi was the best I've ever had. Just cooked to perfection. The sear on each gnocchi was crisp- the middle soft and hearty.  Gnocchi is my favorite pasta and this is my new gold standard.
Well done, FSS, well done.Food was really flavorful. They made me vegan items. Super nice! They tasted pretty okay but it was nice they tried. My husband LOVED all of his dishes-mainly the seafood ones including that octopus that everyone raves about.
Atmosphere was cool and fun. Drinks were fabulous. 
I came another time to just sit and the bar. The atmosphere was fun and "hip". It wasn't so so loud where I couldn't talk. It reminds of Charlie was a sinner without the crazy wait and loudness. They have a separate "bar" wait list which is nice so you don't have to look like a crazy person watching who's about to get up. I wasn't drinking that night and asked for a low sugary mocktail....and they made one! And it tasted great!! Definitely coming back to the bar.The food really blew me away... everything we had was fantastic, and I really have to recommend the octopus. Like, holy shit. They cooked it perfectly. Aside from that, we had gnocchi, cauliflower, shrimp, and maitake toast. Gonna be hard to get myself to try other things on the menu!
Service was... strange. The uniforms threw us off at first because everyone looked like chefs and every couple minutes, someone would top off our waters with the bottle on the table. I understand attentive service, but it was Valentine's Day and we just. Kept. Getting. Interrupted. Still, everyone was friendly, helpful, and best of all: right on time.
I really loved the old FriSatSun... The new place looks great and the bar is gorgeous, but it feels sterile; the old one was like this romantic little wink of a spot. I mourn a little, but only a little because the new food really is that fucking delicious.Finally!  Having tried to get in here for quite some time, expectations were really high.  Maybe unfairly too high but for good reason.
So after getting a seat at the bar, the seating arrangement was really cozy, maybe too cozy.  The counter seating at the bar is really cramped.  At some point during my meal, I felt my chair was being kicked or bumped into several times and not necessarily by other customers.  I will say that the service at the counter was knowledgeable, attentive and really friendly.  
I requested and got several excellent recommendations from my server at the counter.  Of the items I really enjoyed, they included the chicken liver mousse and cured arctic char.  The chicken liver mousse was an excellent recommendation.  Everything on this plate, chicken liver mousse, foie gras, date molasses & mustard all complemented each other sooo well.  It was just a super rich dish which I had me wanting more bread to soak it all in. The Cured Arctic Char plate was equally delicious in a limey-cucumber sauce surrounding a round.  A great lighter compliment to the richness of the chicken liver mousse.  To round out the meal, the Bucatini Allo Scoglio accompanied by squid and mussels was visually pretty.  The fresh pasta had a great texture but the sauce was a bit too salty and overpowered the dish quite a bit.
Reservations a must.  I've tried to come here a few times and the wait times are terrible.  While not necessarily the fault of, it goes without saying the parking in this neighborhood is nonexistent.  Beyond frustrating.  Yet another time, they were closed for a private party after I was lucky enough to secure a parking spot right next to the restaurant.  
The operating hours for Friday, Saturday and Sunday aren't really accurate.  It states they are open until 12am and yes they are but the kitchen closes much earlier.  I can't begin to say how annoying that is showing up thinking I can grab a late bite after a long day at work and being told no the kitchen closed.  After all isn't the restaurant operating hours supposed to denote the hours it can perform it's primary function of serving food?  
I'd like to try again because the food is innovative and delicious, knowing and mitigating all of these challenges, but it might be a while before I do.Friday, Saturday, Sunday- Every time I mention this Restaurant to someone they follow up with, "whatever night works best for you."  I took that to mean it must still remain a bit of a hidden gem in the city despite it's known presence for many years.
Running 30+ minutes behind to our reservation on a busy Friday​ night, I was pleasantly surprised when the host graciously accommodated​ us and still allowed​ us over 2 hours of dining time. We were sat upstairs in the beautifully quaint and romantic dining area. It had this illustrious feel of a classic bistro amidst a museum. 
The service was impeccable--our server suggested we go with something out of our comfort zone for drinks, which we did, and we were so pleasantly surprised. My Husband got The Emperor's​ New Laundromat and I had the Control State--both completely different but perfect in their own way. We later followed with two suggested glasses of wine by our server which were equally as wonderful.  overall, great wine list and cocktail menu (I'd go back just for drinks at the bar with oysters). 
For dinner we started with a 1/2 dozen oysters, the frozen mignonette​ really made all the difference in terms of presentation and overall taste. The famed mussel toast had a flavor profile that unexpectedly fresh and herbaceous. The endive and treviso salad was excellent, a definite must have if you're looking for greens.  
Despite the hype, I didn't love the confit carrots; they tasted somewhat bland and lackluster compared to the other items we ordered. Also, the roasted gnocchi​ were decent, but I wouldn't run back for more, they were gnocchi​, perfectly fluffy potato pillows but I had three and felt satisfied. 
For dessert we had the trio of sorbet, the perfect ending to a well rounded first dinner here. 
Overall a good date night spot or a double date, i'd say any more than 4 people per party could be pushing.  Enjoy it for what it is--a classicly intimate restaurant with incredible wine, cocktails, and a variety of food options.Overrated! It is an absolute joke Philly Mag would call this the third best restaurant in the city. 
The tuna tar tar and vegetables were their best dishes, and while the tuna tar tar was impressive, the veggie dishes were good but they were basic. The bass was over cooked too.
My biggest complaint though and what ultimately prompted my review is their accommodations for those with food allergies. When I made the reservation I disclosed my nut allergy, a standard practice for me. Typically I always receive a call in advance of the reservation to say it will not be a problem or I should stay away from certain dishes, even stay away altogether. There is nothing more irritating than disclosing the allergy in advance then being told the day of "if it is really that serious then anything with flour is out because of cross contamination." Yes it is that serious, which is why I told you prior. It feels like a dirty trick to get you to go to their restaurant and spend money when they wait and say something until you are already in there and have ordered drinks with your group. I get a lot more from restaurants not even ranked in Philly Mag and I certainly expected more from Fri Sat Sun. Won't be going back.The waiter was very nice and Energetic, Food was great , went on a weekday night , would recommend to a Friend !This place is amazing! Loved the ambience, the staff was super friendly, food was delicious. We live in Florida and enjoy octopus everywhere we can and this was the best I had. Recommend for small groups. Not a place for large groups. Make a reservation.I had been to this place years ago and it was ok. A neighborhood joint, decent food but nothing special. More recently I heard that it was moving up in the ratings and there were big changes but I didn't register it because I had already made my judgment. Boy was I wrong. 
I just went back this week and had, one of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life. The octopus dish was magical. I literally asked for a second of the same dish. So much complexity in flavor comes through in each and every bite. But it's not complexity for complexity sake. Every flavor marries together like they were all meant to be. Honestly, It's magic. The chicken liver was delicious as well. Chicken was strong. But don't miss out on the octopus. BravoI so wanted to love this place. And based on all the great reviews, l realize I am one of the few who just wasn't blown away by FSS.  
The atmosphere - so very, very loud. I don't get how this is a "date night" or "romantic" venue. Your fellow diners are right on top of you because the tables are so close together. The volume is so loud as one has to shout to be heard.  The music is pretty loud, but frankly I couldn't even hear it. 
The food- just ok, nothing special at all. We had the shrimp cocktail which was straightforward and basic. The mussel toast was weird. I think it would have been better warm. Unimpressive. The gnocchi was the best thing on the menu-creative and tasty. Carrot confit was nicely presented and good. The roast chicken touted as the best was, frankly, just roast chicken. 
The service was good. 
We won't be back -  a lot of money for OK food with an annoying atmosphere.Service, 5 stars. 
Food...2 stars at best. 
For the price, the food here should have been outstanding. The steak was fatty and grisly. 
Just really underwhelmed by the food. 
Service and ambiance were great.We love this little gem! Can't wait to go back again. We were able to get a table on Open Table and had a fabulous dinner upstairs and then stayed after at the bar downstairs til close. We had the octopus (cooked perfectly), gnocchi, charred cauliflower, and New York strip. Everything was divine!Although a lovely, relaxing experience, I wanted more. Went for an early dinner around their opening time and it was clear they were ready for the evening. A cocktail at the bar before our meal was a nice start. The bartender was relaxed but clearly skilled. 
Our waiter was attentive and informative. The decor/ambiance is something worth experiencing. 
Our food was presented with immaculate detail and precision, however, left us wanting a bit more. For a date spot, it's a winner. If you're looking to please a diverse group, I'd think elsewhere - and I think F-S-S is okay with that.We came here for my husbands birthday and everything was outstanding. The service, atmosphere and the food, all perfect. We got a great cozy table in the corner by the window. We had the Beef Tartare, Octopus, the Morcilla Creste Di Gallo pasta, artichokes and the Lobster. It was a well balanced order and everything tasted so delicious. The portions aren't big but with the amazing flavors, no complaints here. The server was on point and the owner asked us how we liked everything and asked for honest feedback on any changes we would make. This is a restaurant that cares about the quality of food they serve and the experience they provide.Wonderful service and great food. The butternut squash and cauliflower were fantastic. We usually end up disappointed at expensive restaurants feeling like the food didn't justify the cost. No so here. Excellent food with a nice variety of vegetarian options, meat and seafood. The servers were fantastic.Its location is prime - tucked away on a small corner in Rittenhouse - I almost missed it actually! To be honest, it felt like any other cocktail lounge downstairs (dimly lit, hard to see)...until I saw the drink menu and couldn't really decide what to order! The drinks were amazing and the bartenders were friendly and fast.
It's the restaurant upstairs that makes this place truly special. There's just something unique about dining on an upper floor. Although it's only on the second level, the place felt like the upstairs of a home. You could see out the classic home styled windows into the street and it felt less and less than a restaurant and more like you were guests in an unknown residence. Every seat was full, but it felt relaxed and like we weren't in the city anymore.
The downside is that the place is expensive. I'm all for shared plates, but it felt like we had to order a lot of dishes just for the two of us and the prices weren't proportional. In addition, our waiter implied that some of the dishes within the same category were different proportion sizes, which I thought didn't really make much sense. Anyway, we started off with the beef tartare, then the sweet potato agnolotti (HIGHLY recommend), confit carrots, and finally the NY strip. It was actually a lot of food in the end, despite the waiter suggesting we order more. The food itself was incredible. Everything was made to perfection and the plates were very well thought-out. Each plate was brought at different times, and somehow they got the timing perfect. As soon as we finished one plate, another plate would magically appear in front of us. The ingredients were simple, and felt very fresh together and new. Who knew carrots could do so well under the spotlight? I also felt great after the meal - nothing made me feel grossly full or heavy like other restaurants. It was a wonderful evening. 
All in all, the experience was lovely and exciting. It is a truly unique dining experience and this restaurant stands out against the others I've been to.We were three people without a reservation and had the luck to be seated at the bar.  I definitely recommend calling ahead to get a reservation if you will require a table, but sitting at the bar includes an incredibly knowledgeable, high spirited and sociable bartender that we would have been unfortunate to miss had we sat in the dining room.
Every item we had was phenomenal.  Some noteworthy mentions were the mussel toast and the chicken liver mouse; Neither tasted overwhelmingly like their title would suggest but created something that seems extraordinarily good and unique to anything I've ever had.The downstairs bar is great and has a lot of character.  Drinks are good and the service is good.  It can get tight due to size.  The upstairs dining area is nice and the food is great.  Steak and pasta dishes are very creative with good execution.  Might be difficult to do a large party upstairs due to layout.Just celebrated our 49th wedding anniversary with a wonderful meal here. I can't say enough about how wonderful the scallop ceviche is. I could have re -ordered it as soon as I finished. My husband had the oysters and said they were delicious. We were a party of three so tried the cauliflower, the gnocchi the collared greens and the halibut and everything was excellent. I was really not expecting such a fabulous meal but after eating here I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys really good food. Both the Black and Tan and the Panna cotta were great desserts. We will definitely be returning.A wonderful, surprisingly delicious evening!
Chad and Hannah know what they are doing from the wait staff to the bartenders. Excellent crew! Tim, our waiter was wonderful compliment to ensuring we had a great time. 
Now about the food,  in a word INCREDIBLE
our table sampled just about everything on the menu and there was nothing left to eat or take home. Nothing to say except folks keep doing what you are doing because it's a successful combination of excellent pairings. The decor, ambiance, service, and food together make for a fun place top meet, greet and eat on a regular basis.  Thanks again for making our evening such a special night, we will be back!! "Gray's"Time flies so quickly & I have been meaning to come here since it has reopened but didn't find time. Nothing like celebrating a great friend to try a restaurant. Since a friend was leaving town and selected this as the place to say farewell... I finally got here.
I must say the new decor has the restaurant looking wide open and spacious. The menu provided a lot of options. To start the meal we were served a crunchy waffle like bread.  White this was tasty, I prefer a more traditional bread. When requested, the waiter brought warm bread to our table. 
The entree I selected was a pasta with pork belly ragu. The pasta was tender & the pork belly was flavorful. To accompany my pasta entree I had brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were good and were served with pancetta. The brussel sprouts had a somewhat tart and savory flavor.
Dinner was great but there was no room for dessert. In the words of the terminator
.. I will be back!I came here with my best friend and ordered the Roasted Chicken. I felt terrible due to them selling out of their $60 roasted Duck. Our waiter said we have to arrive around opening hour to get it due to their high demand. I kept that noted for my next visit. I had a glass of white wine which was a good choice and we share a brownie with ice cream for dessert. The place is cute, a local gem and perfect for date nights.Had a very good anniversary dinner this evening. The cocktails were superb; especially my wife's - Assassins Hand? Spicy and  sweet at the same time. Server was great, attentive and friendly but not too over bering. The food flavors were complex and delicious. We were however disappointed because the entrees arrived far from hot; almost cool. We didn't say anything. I enjoyed my lobster. Amazing flavors but it bothered my wife. We could have sent it back but didn't. 
I don't know why this happens. Shouldn't they deliver the food as soon as it comes off the line? Servers fault? Seems like having heated plates would help a lot.
Too bad considering what they charge. But we will probably return because there is so much we like about about Friday Saturday Sunday.Absolutely fantastic gem of a spot in Rittenhouse Square area of Philly. Phenomenal family-style food menu with great cocktails. Our server Michael did an unbelievable job, too.Friday Saturday Sunday is just as good on a Thursday! 
We decided to sit at the beautiful bar and order up some later-evening cocktails and bites. I love a dimly-lit, cozy bar. It feels so intimate. The kitchen closes at 10:00 PM, so we made it there in the nick of time. 
Their drink and food menu is streamlined and for good reason. It's better to have a few great selections and rock our worlds with them. Their cocktails are fun and fresh (the "Control State" for me and the "Alternative Fact" for him...what unique names)! We sampled the Carrots Confit, the Charred Cauliflower, the Octopus, and the Roasted Potato Gnocchi. Each one was more delicious than the next. Portions were large enough to be filling but small enough to share a few.
The staff takes pride in their menu and that was obvious from the start. And is there anything better than an expertly-crafted cocktail that's made with love?  
This place has a nice local feel and we were welcomed just as warmly as a regular would be. 
If we lived in this area, then we'd be "locals" for sure!The food was great, service was great, nice place. 
Couple of problems. I asked for Crown Royal, my before dinner drink. They don't carry Crown Royal. I asked for a Pinot Noir with my NY Strip, (it was very good), they don't carry Pinot Noir.
It's worth mentioning they have a large very nice downstairs bar. 
The bartender has no clue. I ordered a Titos on the rocks with olives. I got three small olives a tumbler with ice and less than a half-inch of vodka.
 I thought it was a joke at first, that's what they serve.I had a PHENOMENAL dinner here. Customer service was great which is my number one priority followed by great drinks and food. The bartender had a great energy and great craft cocktails resulted. I had the marcilla pasta as a starter and shared the roasted chicken and NY strip steak for entrees. We topped the meal off with the brownie and I couldn't have been happier. Go there - you won't be disappointed!!!Let me first say that I never eat shellfish but I made an exception when I knew I wanted to break my personal rule.
I wanted to make sure my last night in Philadelphia was memorable so I went on Yelp to picked a restaurant which had high ratings and served oysters, got dressed up, and made my way here. If you want to come here and you don't have a reservation then good look being upstairs or at the bar. I was fortunate enough to be dining alone and there was a spot open at the bar. I started me dining experience by enjoying oysters with rosé while talking to the friendly bartenders to determine what I should order next. I steered by the knowledgeable bartender to try the beef tartare and geeze he was right about ordering this delicious, mouthwatering, eye pleasing meal. I finished my food experience with their brownie which was recommended by another helpful bartender and another pleasing recommendation to end my food experience. 
Food: I give an A+
Hospitality: A+
Ambience: A+
Price: Somewhat expensive (someone who is on a budget); however worth every penny based on experienceFriday, Saturday Sunday on a Thursday was amazing the downstairs area which houses the bar is a chic environment low lighting , smooth marble bar , suede bar stools and patterned floor which pairs well w/ the overall aesthetic of classic / modern chic. The drinks are amazing try the Smoked Eggplant Spritz it screams summer time! The service was incredible bartender Sasha knows her shit and she comes w/ a great smile and awesome personality.I'm trying to expand my food repertoire to become a true foodie haha, Friday Saturday Sunday is not the type of place I would typically try but I was intrigued by this philly classic which was semi-recently revamped.
I thought the bird cage at the bar right when you walked in was really cool. We sat upstairs, the decor was a bit old fashioned.  Service from start to finish was impeccable! Our waiter was knowledgeable and nice.
We ordered the confit carrots which was a medley of different types of carrots (very unique), the gnocchi (melt in your mouth yet slightly crispy which I loved), and the grilled shrimp and grits. Cool presentation for the shrimp. Weirdly i thought the grits were creamy and amazing but the shrimp was nothing ordinary (other than being huge.) 
Honestly my favorite part of my meal was my amazing/uniquely flavored drink! I had the blurred line, highly highly recommend it. I want to come back again for drinks and maybe a few of the other dishes (the chicken is supposed to be amazing!)My fiancé and I had such a great experience at Friday Saturday Sunday. We were celebrating an anniversary and had never been here before. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and answered our questions with detailed descriptions and had great suggestions for cocktails and food. 
We ended up ordering Brussels sprouts and mussel toast to share first. I was seriously baffled by the mussel toast because I had no idea it would be as good as it was. I would never come back here without ordering it. After this, we both ordered entrees which were the perfect size after sharing two small plates. I ordered sea bass and he ordered the NY strip. The sea bass was in a lobster cream sauce that had a hint of lemon and the potatoes that came with it had a mustard flavor which I was loving. The strip came with mashed potatoes and everything was cooked perfectly. 
Because the food was so amazing, we knew we needed to try desert and ordered the brownie and 2 espressos. The brownie was almost deconstructed and had crumbles on top and toffee and vanilla ice cream. Again, amazing choice. 
One of the best parts of Friday Saturday Sunday too is that even though it's a smaller restaurant, we never felt rushed through our dinner and the service was really wonderful. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough and we can't wait to return (hopefully very soon!).Oh my the new Friday Saturday Sunday is an incredible and gorgeous new restaurant in Fitler/Rittenhouse, amazing transformation from the old restaurant! Love that the new owners kept the name. Walking by in the evening when it's dark out, the only restaurant on the block, light pouring out from the giant glass front with hand painted gold lettering and a view of the modern first floor bar. Stunning! 
The menu is narrow and perfect, we shared the gnocchi at the bar and had some incredible fancy cocktails too. The Assassin's Handbook strong and spicy, Control State in a vintage cut stem glass with an anise star floating on top, and my husband had to try the Cart Blanche with smoked eggplant. Loved it all! We will be back soon!!My trips to Philadelphia historically have been more focused on South Philly (where it's, apparently, "Fillelfya", and people drink "wooder" and watch the "iggles". However, my friend moved to the Rittenhouse Square neighbourhood which is a fair bit more posh than Passyunk Square. We would up visiting Friday Saturday Sunday for last drink (or two) after a wedding we went to.
It's tiny and it's packed, but man... it's a cool spot.
I need to figure out the sorcery that is the Assassin's Handbook, because I've never had a cocktail quite like it - and I'm not even usually a cocktail person, but it was just such a great mix of flavours (and a lot of booze) that I was really impressed.
The night didn't end that great as we made that stupid decision to have one last drink at home before calling it a night, and that's always the one that gets you, but at least I discovered the wonder of the Handbook...Every dish was absolutely fantastic. From the octopus to the chard cauliflower to the New York strip and even the ice cream assortment - The flavors were absolutely awesome!I think this may be the best restaurant in Philly. Definitely top 3. 
Staff--spectacular. Kind, funny, charming, timely, polite. Everything you could ask for. Every cup filled, appetizer refreshed, check delivered right away. Really great. 
Food--impeccable. So flavorful from the amouse Boucher, to the entree (gnocchi. GET THEM) to the salty sweet brownie dessert. The decor, the flavor, all perfect. 
I cannot wait to come again. It was really the best experience.High quality food, decent service, very romantic atmosphere with dim mood lighting and European style wall paintings. 
Everything was delicious. Would definitely recommend the goat cheese beet pasta and pear upside down cake - two of my favorites of the night.OK.  Bottom line.  This place really is that incredible!  I am often sceptical of glowing reviews until I see 90% are 4 star plus.  Even then I go into the experience with a very critical eye.  But FSS hits it out of the park on all levels.  Service, variety, quality, etc.  But what really stood out were two things.  First, the flavor palette of every dish we had was unique.  And in a very very good way.  We had the:
*BEEF HEART TARTARE 
*SMOKED HERRING SPAGHETTI
*ENDIVE & TREVISO SALAD
and for dessert we had yet another paste, the:
*MORCILLA CRESTE DI GALLO
We were having some trouble deciding on a wine pairing for our courses, especially the herring pasta.  Hanna (co-owner w/ her chef husband) was relentless in trying to get us just the right match for each of our courses. 
Alexander our waiter was excellent.  There when we needed him yet allowed us a leisurely pace for our meal.  
6 years living in Philly, and I am here to tell you this is now one of my top three go to restaurants in town, and is by far the most creative and flavorful menu I've had pretty much anywhere in the world!!  Not kidding.As picky New Yorkers this Is possibly the best meal that we have had in ages.  Tim, our waiter, was amazing. Incredibly courteous, friendly, and engaging.  This is the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  Well worth everything from the warm decor, to the amazing food and creativity of the menu, to the wait staff and hostesses.I came here for dinner tonight and had a great meal!   The waiter was friendly and attentive without being overbearing, he made some great recommendations for drinks and food items.  I started with a control state cocktail which was perfectly refreshing in the summer heat.  The waiter recommended small plates to share with each person ordering 2.  I have found that at small plate restaurants I usually over order on the waiter's recommendation so my friend and I ordered an app to share and then each ordered a plate.  We shared the mussel toast-wow.  Flavorful and delicious.  I got he shrimp and grits which was also wonderful.  I. Any wait to come back and try more things like the steak tartar.  And a bonus, the ambiance was great!My boyfriend and I celebrated a special occasion here recently. We sat upstairs where the seating is cramped and you're just a little too close to your neighbors. Drinks were good and food was delicious. We had the cured arctic char, beef tartare, chicken liver mousse, one of the pastas (can't remember which), collard greens, and the roasted chicken. The arctic char was the highlight of the meal, followed by the collard greens and chicken liver mousse. The chicken was tasty as well! Looking forward to returning to try some of the other items on the menu.Do it. We celebrated our one year anniversary here this past weekend. Flawless dining from beginning to end. We ordered the oysters and jumbo shrimp to start. The jumbo shrimp was the best shrimp we ever eaten. We ordered another round because we were obsessed. For dinner, I had the heirloom tomatoes and my husband ordered the octopus and corn plates. There was not one drop of food remaining on our plates. Dessert: upside down apricot cake. YES. Thanks for the hospitality, would love to return.Awesome place. Beef tartare was so good I ordered another one right after we finished the first one. Met the owner. Talked to him extensively one night. Gave me some insider info - it's Nick Foles' favorite place in the city.The food is amazing, the service is amazing, and the location is amazing!!! If you want a place to go, this is it!!! It is a tad expensive but so worth it. Next time I come to Philly it is my first stop!To be clear this is a review for just cocktails and the bar downstairs. 
Went late on a Saturday night for some drinks. Very nicely decorated bar on the bottom floor. Lighting and everything makes it seem very warm. I was worried when they said there was just standing space at this shelf behind the bar stools, but the is the first place where the bartenders were very attentive even to the people milling about behind the people seated at the bar. They were all very nice and service was quite quick even for cocktails. 
The cocktails unfortunately did not impress me at all. Both were VERY strong, which is fine, but really didn't seem to do much to taste different than just the alcohol. The steel breeze tasted just like whisky and the man for all seasons also just tasted like liquor. My friend liked her drink (the control state) so maybe it was just my two that were like this. Maybe I'm also an uneducated cocktail drinker...unclear. Regardless I was expecting something a bit different in terms of flavors from such a nice place. 
It started getting crowded and loud around midnight but otherwise was a pretty nice quiet place to hang out and chat with friends. Definitely a nice place to go if you want a classy night out but if you're going just for drinks, I think you can probably get a bigger variety and nicer cocktails at other places in philly.Came here for dinner. Atmosphere is ok. Seems like fancy casual if that makes sense. Waiter service was great and attentive. For appetizers we tried beef tartare, octopus, artichoke and beet pyramids. The portions overall are small here. My favorites were octopus which had a very nice crispy skin and comes with this jalapeno sauce and beef tartare was very different than others I had (finely chopped with some sort of bread crumbs on top with slices of bread.... delicious!). For entree I got the steak which was amazing. Very well cooked. Portion on small side again. For dessert we tried brownie ice cream and parfait. Both were tasty but not highlight of the meal. We had a nice bottle of wine and their cocktails were tasty as well. Definitely recommend this place!It's not easy to get a reservation here, but the food was worth trying! We liked chicken liver mousse and artichoke best! However duck breast was disappointing. Duck confit was flavorful and tenter, but breast was so hard to chew, all of us spit it out at the end... anyway, I recommend everything else on their menu besides the duckBest restaurant I've ever been to. I hope they're around for a very long time. Service is outstanding, food is phenomenal, and drinks are top notch. If you haven't tried it, you're missing out.When you walk in, you immediately are taken back by their flashy bar scene. My eyes were immediately drawn to the cool black and white checker pattern on the floor that is carried through to the walls. The furniture is simple, which is perfect, because it allows the structure and fixtures of the building to shine. 
The first floor is buzzing with people there just to grab some drinks or patiently waiting for their reservations. The bar is a swanky/modern mix and they have some really elevated drink options. Stretch yourself a bit, and try a cocktail, but they have plenty of beer and wine to choose from you as well. 
Have you ever seen that commercial..."the plates, were tiny?" That was my first thought when we understand the plating options. You are paying a lot for small orders. We were a party of 2, and easily needed our 5 plates at a minimum. You could easily order more than that if you have the pockets for it. That being said, the food was damn good. Just go ahead and splurge - get the caviar, get the chicken liver mousse. 
This restaurant has a lot of hype, and it deserves it, but I couldn't give it a five because it is an experience that I feel like I can pass on to try new things. I would DEFINITELY look to go back for the bar scene once we are back to normal from COVID.