Came here for dinner with girlfriends and was very happy with the health conscious menu. Naturally I chose the most unhealthy and went for the buffalo cauliflower appetizer. It's some of the best I've ever had. Great texture and not overly spicy. The shaved carrot is a perfect compliment. 
Salads are huge. The Greek salad is awesome. Drinks were strong. Overall recommend. 
They had live music (Friday night). And it seems like there's an outdoor space that's open in the warmer months.Cool place in a hip neighborhood.  Open at 7am, kitchen at 8am.  Relaxed place to read before the crowds get in.  Large outdoor terrace.  I have already had the Açaí Bowl and the Front Street Breakfast.  Both were excellent.  Recommended!I'm shocked at these stellar reviews.   
Ventured out to fishtown specifically to try Front Street Cafe.  I had seen a write up about it and the healthy/vegan options sounded appealing.  
We were sat and I looked at the table (very close to us) and saw the shrimp and grits and immediately got a little worried.  It looked absolutely horrible. Our server was very friendly, and we ordered a juice and a chai latte.  I have to say this was one of the absolute best chai's I've had.  If only the food measured up.  
I asked the server what was the most popular dish.  She RAVED about the grain bowl which sounded healthy and delicious.  She actually said people "lick the plate."  I am so confused at what they were eating.  It came out and the "grains" were simply dried rice with some beans thrown on a tostado (soggy) with some greens on top and a cream sauce.  The presentation was terrible (as per my photo) and the food was super bland and not at all fresh.  
We also tried the soup of the day which was described as a "spicy african stew."  It came out in this odd HUGE soup bow that was filled with the tiniest amount of soup.  It was barely luke warm, but I don't send things back so we kept it.  The waitress must have not had stew before, because this was simply vegetable soup.  We both tried it and said the same thing "needs salt" which is kind of 101 in the culinary world.  It was watery and was spicy like she described but completely lack luster.  Probably the first time I ever left soup in the bowl.   
Lastly, we tried to vegan sides.  The scrapple and the bacon mushrooms.  The bacon mushrooms tasted like sugar mushroom and were completely soggy.  If you're looking for the BEST vegan bacon go a little farther to memphis taproom.  The "bacon" here is just sad.  The scrapple was not bad.  It was mushroom and some lentils but again could really use some seasoning.  
This place would really benefit from having the chefs learn how to properly season and use some herbs.  I felt like I ate air.  I wouldn't ever eat here again but I'd definitely go to the cafe in front as I loved the chai and they have lots of cold pressed juices and kombucha.  In a city with SO many vegan options and plenty of places for good food, skip this one.We stumbled upon this place when the bar we originally wanted to go to had an hour wait for a table. They were able to immediately seat 8 of us in the back patio. The outdoor area is adorable and the umbrellas were clutch on the first 80 degree day of the year. Good drink options for reasonable prices. We also got the buffalo cauliflower (awesome!!), chipotle turkey burger with shoestring fries, and the beef burger with a side salad. All of the food was delicious. Will definitely come back on the next warm day to enjoy their outdoor space.Amazing! The grilled cheese, buffalo cauliflower, burger, turkey burger, and soup all were absolutely delicious. Their apple spiced kombucha on tap was like Christmas in a cup, even the kids liked it. Service was wonderful and even on a Saturday with the place full of people we got our food quickly and with a smile. Coffee and hot chocolate was really good as well. We will be back here for sure!Brunch food was okay, nothing great.  My eggs benny was average at best.  The scrapple wasn't good and the hollandaise tasted like mustard.    I also prefer potatoes with it, not a side salad.  Price was slightly high for the amount of food.  The place is very nice inside and the coffee is good.  Service was on the slow side.
It's a decent place for vegans but if you don't have food restrictions, there are much better places in Philly for brunch.We entered this restaurant for a first Friday viewing and chose to stay for dinner. We chose the outdoor seating as it was a pleasant summer evening and loved the ambience. Very romantic and great for a date night. There is seating inside as well as on the second level. 
The drink menu has a Good selection of beers, wines and cocktails. The food menu is a vegan's delight and I would suggest all vegans to give this place a try. There are poultry and meat options as well. We tried the Queso and the fried chicken burger and both were delicious. I would like to try them for brunch sometime.We made reservations for 8pm and ended up waiting 40 mins until we realized it wasn't worth it. If you make a reservation don't count on be seated on time. Never coming here again.While I want to love this place I've become frustrated lately with the fact that there always seems to be an extraordinarily long wait complete with at least 5 empty and open tables that are not being used. It's great that more and more people seem to be learning about front street but I'd really love it if management would simply hire enough staff to service the demand. 
Regarding the food, it's typically great. I recommend the buffalo cauliflower as does everyone. Don't sleep on the turkey burger either. Solid place if you can get a table.Gorgeous restaurant bar and cafe..well rounded menu definitely a new favorite and welcome addition to the fishtown dining establishment..Loved everything about this place; warm, rustic atmosphere; unique menu with fresh ingredients, attentive and knowledgable staff. 
Cocktails were the only thing that weren't very impressive for the price.
Food: 
Le salad was a delicious mix with Granny Smiths, vegan mushroom bacon, and a seedy mustard dressing with a poached egg on top. The egg really pulled this dish together, highly recommended! Good size salad for sharing.
Vegan queso dip was a bowl of smoked black beans topped with cashew cheese and avocado with fresh tortilla chips. So so good, and my bf couldn't believe the cheese wasn't real. Also a good size portion for sharing.
Dinner: so I originally ordered the pecan crusted oyster mushroom entree but they ran out :( I was disappointed only because I wanted to try the dish but whenever a restaurant runs out of something I think it goes to show how fresh the ingredients really are that they don't have a stash frozen in the back!
Veggie burger was unbelievable with all the flavors. Soft light bun, aioli, pickles, quinoa and grain blend burger with a hint of chipotle, marinated lettuce and a tomato jam for just a bit of sweetness. So many different flavors but they came together beautifully! Also got a side of sweet potato coconut soup...creamy with just a hint of sweet, so good!
My bf got the duck which I did not try but he cleaned the plate. Fat was cooked on with the jus made into a gravy over mashed potatoes with broccoli raab made unlike he'd ever had. 
We loved this place! No room for dessert but would absolutely return to try again!The food was good but the service was NOT. A fly flew into my friend's drink (which was half finished) and the server laughed at her then proceeded to bring a her a new drink only half-way filled to where it was before, and charged her for 2 drinks!!!! Will absolutely be taking my service elsewhere.This place is amazing! I had the vegan eggs benedict and my friend had the eggs benedict with eggs & bacon and we were both blown away. The menu has plenty vegan & vegetarian options as well as dishes for meat eaters, so everyone wins! 
We sat outside at a table in the shade and the atmosphere was very pleasant. The music they were playing fit the Sunday afternoon mood and the food was delicious. We went around 2pm for lunch so missed the rush and our service was very fast. Overall, I had a great experience here for brunch and will definitely return!Located in what looks to be a slowly started gentrification of this part of Kensington, Front Street Cafe is a nice spot to stop for a bite to eat. 
Stopped by today and was promptly greeted by a friendly host who sat us in a window booth. Looking out across the street, we were able to espy the colorful wall art painted in the side of a wall. Definitely that urban vibe throughout. 
Inside is clear and modern, metal accents and chunky wood effortlessly mix to render that warm, yet stylish decor. 
Food offered; tostada quinoa salad with a side of grilled chicken, veggie tacos, hamburger with fries (all was fantastic). Cocktails were vodka-club with lime and a gin and tonic. 
Total was $60-ish, not including tip. 
Would definitely return if I was in that area again.So glad that we got a new spot in our lovely Fishtown! Last week decide to stopped by and get some casual dinner, great deal for happy hour wine($5) and tasty food! Happy hour is not only for the bar area and for the tables too. For appetizer we got picked vegetables, it was a great selection of different veggies: cauliflower, pickles, carrots, turnip, onion, beets, green beans! For the main course we got a kale Caesar salad with grilled chicken and fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious! The salad dressing was perfect even though I am not big fan of Caesar dressings... Fried chicken was heavy but for the cold weather it was a good choice! Also I saw a lot of people getting this sandwich so it's very very good one! If you'll be around please check this place!Promising, but food is just okay (donuts horrible, but that's not a focus). Could take over the neighborhood if they spruced up menu with more options and some more traditional options. Also, why does the entire staff literally look like they never shower? Gross.  On a happy note, coffee is awesome and the baristas are always amazingNestled in the middle of an unassuming area, you will find a cute restaurant with a spacious heated outside seating and bar area. Although the heat lamps outside could have been warmer and the bartender could have been more attentive, my friend and I had an enjoyable time at dinner. The drinks menu is extensive and interesting: I got the Golden Monkey beer and my friend got the Nikita cocktail, which I HIGHLY recommend. The combination of Faber vodka, Irishman's, chai, and star anise made it incredibly delicious and unique. The beer was quite tasty as well, with hints of banana (I'm not from Philly so this beer is new to me.) In terms of food, we shared the eggplant roulade and kale spaghetti with creamy pumpkin sauce. Both were very tasty. I love restaurants with interesting items on the menu, and this is definitely such a place. It is also extremely vegetarian and vegan friendly with plenty of dairy free and meatless options (both the roulade and pasta were vegan). My friend and I also shared a vegan donut at the cafe upfront for dessert afterwards, bringing a sweet ending to a great night.Great looking venue but the food is sub par. I ordered the Grain Salad. I was told before hand that they were out of avocado (a main ingredient) but the salad arrived without the poached egg and tomato as well. I sent it back, something I have rarely done. I ordered the beet salad that my friend had...it looked beautiful served on a wooden board...mine arrived on a measly little white plate. Adequate. If you go, go for the drinks and skip the food.My boyfriend and I went in for brunch and sat right away at the bar. We ordered our drinks and food a minute after siting down. The drinks came quick and tasted delicious. Two couples walked in  5 minutes after us and ordered right away as well. My boyfriend and I waited 40 minutes for our egg sandwiches while we watched the two couples who came in after us receiving their orders. Needless to say my boyfriend placed some cash on the bar to cover our drinks and we left. Very very disappointed because we were looking forward to trying a new place.OMG YUM. Front Street is amazing- I came here after a coworker (who I call the Mayor of Fishtown, because she knows EVERTHING about the area) recommended it for brunch. So that Saturday we decided to venture from our usual northern libs spots and go over the Front Street and I cannot tell you how great it was. 
They have a TON of vegan + non-vegan options. I can't tell you how excited I am to give the Banana Foster pancakes a go. I had the vegan eggs benedict (yes you heard that correct) and the mushroom bacon on the side. It's still good, but i was really hoping for a portabello + soy "bacon" selection, but instead it tasted like the mushrooms were thrown into a dehydrator so they were probably much healthier than my pan seared recommendation. The eggs bene was top notch, and they also gave you hot sauce on the side to give it a little kick. Their tofu was a lot different than versions I've made myself or tried before. They tasted slightly fluffier and like they went a little easier on the turmeric (the ingredient that makes it yellow). I will definitely experiment with my recipe more after having theirs. 
We also had a set of bloody marys which definitely brought the heat, and were loaded with veggies + olives so I have no complaints. 
They could really improve on their speed to service -  I called an hour prior to arriving, and was told it would be at most a 30 minute wait, when it ended up being an hour and a half. We also had 5 waiters/waitresses walk past us before saying hello. I completely empathaize with a busy restaurant because I have been there myself, but just a simple "hello, sorry no one has helped you yet, here are 2 waters while you wait for your waitress/waitor" would have made all of the difference in the world. I'm also not a fan of the price, I get that Front Street is a more *trendy* brunch option, but $80 after tip for 2 entrees, 2 bloodys, and a side is just too much for me. 
I would return here again for special occasions, but definitely not ready to make this my weekly brunch spot.I really want to like this place but it definitely has some serious issues. My first experience was awesome but my several other experiences since have been nothing but disappointing. Quite frankly,  this place is over-rated, inconsistent, and lacks hospitality. The first time I had the buffalo sriracha cauliflower it blew me away. The next two times, it was never the same and the flavor was bland. On one occasion I visited this restaurant, a tall dark haired bearded man who appeared to be a manager told me I had to leave the bar and sit on the other side if I wasn't drinking alcohol or ordering an entree. I was drinking coffee and eating a bagel and it was a Tuesday afternoon and nearly every seat at the bar was completely empty. This is no way to treat a customer. Interestingly, my girlfriend got out of work early and arrived a few minutes later and we moved back to the bar and this same man left us waiting 15 minutes between each time he checked in on us. There are definitely some things I do like. The interior of this place is beautiful and so is the outside patio. The ginger lime coconut rum cocktails are amazing. Front Street Cafe has a lot going for it but at the end of the day the food is inconsistent and the staff is just not that friendly. My girlfriend and I get a bad vibe from this place and have decided to not continue going.I'm giving it a 4 because the wait for us to be outside didn't make any sense considering it's first come first served and we had been at the cafe for well over a half hour and then when we got seated (3 of us) there were at least 4 empty tables outside...
Food was good overall, I got the Front Street Breakfast, it's doesn't list that toast comes with it so if you're gluten free be sure to make that clear up front. I tried my first ever Bloody Mary and no vegetables came with it which I thought was lame. It tasted like cocktail sauce and I have since been advised by other Bloody Mary fans that I was given a poor example for my first try. Our waitress was great, no complaint there.I'm a local and have been in 3 times so far. Bottom line (understanding and appreciating that they are still working out service/operations), they are totally overpriced to feel sustainable for the neighborhood. It's annoying and a deterrent. Got the vegan tacos today for $12 and when I asked for salsa I was informed that was a $1 up charge... Tacos down the block at Heffe's stand are $6 for 2. Seems like it would make more sense for the space to price reasonably so as to attract repeat customers. Total bummer.I called Front Street Cafe today to attempt to make a reservation. The hostess who spoke to us on the phone was extremely rude and completely turned us off from wanting to come to the restaurant. In the past we had a great brunch experience at Front Street with delicious food and a very nice server. However, I will not be returning due to the attitude of the hostess today.I had heard a lot of hype around this place. finally got a chance to go on Sat for lunch and was pretty disappointed.  it was okay, certainly nothing special and similar to so many other spots in philly.  definitely would not go out of my way to go here.  overall, cool place, food was average, service was awful.Today was my first time dining at Front Street.  I loved the open aspect of the space and their outdoor garden area.  I would love to come back in the warmer weather and enjoy a meal outside.  We tried their buffalo cauliflower which was delicious! Even my boyfriend who loves chicken and isn't the best vegetarian was wowed by it.  Definitely will be coming back!I don't go here to eat brunch-- rather I work upstairs and grab coffee/breakfast or light lunch/snack. That's the best part of Front St. The 2nd floor is big, bright and comfortable. Lots of outlets. Good WiFi. Yes, the el rolls right by, but no big deal. 
Re: food/bev: Good coffee. Usual bagels. Good food from what I've had. Friendly staff at the coffee bar downstairs... BUT... the hostess staff is consistently blasé and dismissive/bordering on unfriendly and rude.  Every time!  It's weird how they are ALL like that-- no matter who is working. Prob not the right personality for a hostess, lol. 
It's worth checking out if u are in the need for an escape place to work, read, chat or stitch.This is my FAVORITE Cafe to come to for great food and a quiet workplace. They cater to pretty much all dietary restrictions and allergy needs. I liveeee for the Almond Croissant, and the their vegan Waffle bites are to die for!  The cafe drinks are unlike no other, as in quality, and the drinks from the bar (oh yeah, did I mention they have a poppin bar!) are what I call exquisitely delectable. 
Next time you are in the Fishtown area, or are looking for a new Cafe to dine, or maybe just want to taste their spectacular vegan items make sure you stop in Front St. Cafe.This place is okay nothing great for me I know a few people that absolutely love it ! I have never gone out of my way to go eat here but love the decor and the outside seating in the summer is absolutely beautiful. Some of the staff isn't very friendly which makes it uncomfortable also the service is super slow , so be prepared to wait a good 10mins for a coffee or tea but wayyy longer for food !Food is really good. Ingredients always seem very fresh. Great vegan options. Cafe has great coffee especially the cold-brew. They have Dotties Donuts, which are incredible.
Service could definitely be better/nicer/less "cool" hipster vibe.Excellent selection. I enjoyed a delicious tofu burger (I don't normally come across properly prepared tofu) and a lovely house wine. Looking forward to summer/spring as they have a patio.I can only review this place on their beer selection.
The place itself is well designed and very hip. However, we went there for craft beer and the selection was nothing special. We walked in and walked right back out. When you have places like Bottle bar right around the corner, it's just not worth it! 
I would love to try Front Street Cafe again but I am hoping they mix up their beer selection and make it worth the trip!Came here for brunch on a hot summer Saturday. I had a reservation (yay OpenTable!), but would have been seated promptly without one, too.
My table was myself and another vegan; we had the Front Street Breakfast Platter, Biscuits and Gravy with tofu, and the mushroom bacon. I loved the biscuits - super moist, not too crumbly, and the mushroom gravy was as thick savory as any meat-based one I've ever had. 
I would absolutely come back, and my friend and I want to come back and bring our non-vegan family members! It's so rare to find a place that caters to both vegans and omnivores (they do serve eggs, meat, poultry, etc), especially the ones that refuse to eat tofu or veggie meats. 
Really, really want to come back and a.) eat outside (on a day that isn't 70%+ humidity and scorching), and b.) have a more lunch-y meal. I'm dying to try the vegan scrapple and buffalo cauliflower.Last time I was here, I had the big breakfast with the salmon.  Having just spent a month on the other side of the Atlantic...I wasn't overly impressed with the smoked salmon.  I wanted something more substantial for brunch today and opted for the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich.  It was dowsed in a hot/buffalo sauce combo I believe...which was interesting.  I loved the pickle slices hidden within the brioche bun.  I was going to go crazy with the Mimosas, but the first two I ordered were so small...literally one gulp worth.  I thought about running into the nearest Anglican Cathedral for a proper glass.  I had a latte - no complaints there.  I really, really appreciate the room this place has.  The victorian lounge furniture by the fireplace upstairs - nice touch.  The booth nook is a good location.  No matter where you are, you do not feel cramped -there's space to breathe, and you aren't sitting at those flimsy glass tables that so many restaurants have these days.  A definite plus.  The people who greeted us and sat us were especially welcoming.this is my favorite place to go- everything about this place is 5/5. The workers are super helpful and the food is fantastic. The grilled trumpet mushrooms are to die for.Great place for casual brunch.  The ambiance was perfect and they had outdoor seating which was exactly what my friend and we're looking for on a gorgeous day.  The service staff and chef were a lot of fun as well which added to our experience.  The food was really good.  Highly recommend the chicken sandwich.  We will go back again to try the other options on the menu soon.Excellent Vegan and Regular food. Had a great white sangria. We ordered eggplant dish with great vegan cheese and mushroom filled ravioli. 
I am not Vegan and thought it was very good. 
Great walkable area on Spring evening.I wish I could have given a better review, but, unfortunately, the service during our visit left a lot to be desired. 
First, we had a reservation for the time when we arrived (1:15 on 1/15), but that was largely ignored. We still ended up having to wait with others without reservations, and our table took some time before it was ready. 
Second, the food service was incredibly slow. I'm pretty sure the waitress forgot to bring out our food once it was ready. We had to ask for it because we were starving, and it then came out immediately. Sadly, it had gotten a bit cold by that time. 
Fortunately, the food was pretty tasty. :-)Amazing food for both brunch and dinner. Wide selection of vegan options as well as more than enough options for non-vegans. Certainly affordable for the quality of food and service. If you have room after eating or just want something refreshing, get a smoothie. The restaurant itself is so cute, bathrooms perfect for selfies. Highly recommend to everyone.Front Street Cafe is absolutely stunning, certainly one of the most beautiful spaces in the city.  A friend and I enjoyed a celebratory dinner here, and the place was already humming with people by 5:30 PM.  The food and drinks are unique and wholesome, and I'm ready to return just for the organic smoothies, juices, and draft kombuchas.  The service had perfect timing and rapport, and we were very pleased with our lazy evening here.  Overall, a new shiny gem for the local neighborhoods.Checked this place out via another friends recommendation for being vegan friendly. 
This is a corner cafe under a bridge that checks so many boxes for a neighborhood cafe. Super friendly wait staff, great decor (exposed brick, wooden booths, nice outdoor patio), work friendly and really good food, more on that in a bit.
This place is very work friendly with outlets all over the place to plug in. They have two seating areas on the lower level - by the restaurant and by the coffee shop. Coffee shop area is a little quieter but the restaurant isn't obnoxiously loud either. Upstairs they have additional seating and room for events.
The FOOD! I ordered the Vegan Benedict with scrapple and a side of mushroom bacon. Everything about my meal was delicious and it was great to finally enjoy a Benedict now that I went vegan. The real standout was the side salad, it had this amazing ginger dressing reminiscent of the hibachi places but not as heavy here. 
If a restaurant ever has weird/unique things on the menu I usually order it. Cue the mushroom bacon. I was expecting it be a salty/savory edition but it ended up being on the sweeter side and I treated it as my dessert post Benedict meal.
This might be the place I've been looking for...Super delicious, nice space, and sweet waiter. Only didn't give 5 stars because it was my first time and would like to see if the service was consistent. 
My fiance was raised a vegetarian and had plenty of options. There were 5 of us and we all ordered a different beverage: cocktails, latte, smoothie and they were all good! We all ordered different breakfast items: sandwiches,  hotcakes, french toast - all delicious! I also like the option to have a side salad in place of any potato side. 
Also love that you could just run in like a grab-and-go coffeeshop and choose from their big tea selection or grab a latte or smoothie. They are connected with UberEats, too!
Parking is tricky if you're driving - all parallel, but we went in a Sunday morning for brunch, but the location under the train tracks is kind of cool.Luckily we had a reservation for Sunday brunch otherwise we will be on line for very long time. We were there half an hour before our Reservation time, we still had to wait until our Reservation time even though there was a couple of tables open in modes and a lot outdoors. We made use of that time to look over the menu to figure out what we wanted when we were seated. The server was so nice to inform us that there wasn't any veggie waffles bites left. I ordered the gravlax and vegetable hash with tofu scramble. Both dishes came with side salads that were amazing. It was interesting to have the hard chewy toasted English muffin with smoked salmon and avocado. But, hey I finished the gravlax because either I was hungry or it was really good. The matcha donut - omg I took the last one. So good!!!!Had breakfast this morning. This is such a cool setting. Love the industrial/rustic vibe. Coffee is very good. Eggs benny was mediocre. They use a weird mustard sauce instead of hollandaise. The bacon is good. Server was super friendly but painfully slow.I really, really want to like this place. I really do. The space is incredible and very welcoming and comfortable. I don't even mind, much less notice the roar of the El every 5 minutes. That said, I have more than a few quibbles. The staff are really nice and friendly, but not entirely attentive or on the ball. My first visit, we were seated and 20 minutes later, our server a young man who appeared to be somewhere between 16 and 20 years old, stopped by our table, genuinely surprised to find us in his section and more than a little disoriented and confused about what to do about that. my 2nd time here, my server, a young hipster with the hirsute trifecta of a manbun, beard and handlebar mustache, promptly took my order and delivered my food, then proceeded to ignore me for the next 3-1/2 hours. Not once, did he stop by to see how my food was or if I needed another coffee or more food, or even bring me my check to turn the table over. (I did on both counts, and went to the counter to order instead). I tried to get the attention of other servers, but was soundly ignored. this is inexcusable.
As for the food, I appreciate the attempt to serve healthy vegan options, but I'm disappointed that the non vegan options are half hearted. Also a cafe ought to serve a proper bagel. When I ordered my coffee at the counter, I inquired about bagels and the barista smugly and proudly responded that they had "gluten free bagels..." I'm sorry, if you only serve "gluten free bagels,"  you don't serve bagels. I also find the food to be more than a little pricey, with the average breakfast item, well over $10. that's not a deal breaker in and of itself, but between that, the overall quality and poor service, I'm neither inclined to return, nor would I recommend to a friend. I really, really wanted to like this place, but I'm finding it really hard...Careful of the staff here. Without a very much needed reservation you are about as useless as a tic on a dogs back. Unfortunate looked pretty good. For that being my first experience it was enough to never make me go back. 
I believe when asking for the wait time I received , "a very long time". Maybe it's me, but that seemed odd.Front Street Café is simple one of the best café spaces I've ever seen anywhere in the world.  It's got it all....a nice bar, an attractive restaurant area, a chill café locale on the second floor, a distinctive take-out counter, and an attractive outdoor garden/patio for warmer days and nights. The quality of the wood used throughout is striking. It's the kind of place Center City should have but doesn't because rents are too high there.  So on the border of Fishtown and Olde Kensington, the Front Street Café has put down roots in an old building underneath the el train.  It's open for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and in between.  But more on the food at a later time.  Right now I just want to celebrate the concept along with the architectural design and to welcome the Front Street Café to the hood!The service so so, wait for 15 minutes to have coffee and 28 more minutes to have food, food its cool but not bad,  nice outdoor area good for summer time. 服務普通，在位子上等了15分鐘咖啡才又等了28分食物才來，食物冷冷的不過味道不差，室外的座位挺不錯的適合夏天.Can't say enough about the place. Great coffee, lovely food and cool place.Staff were awesome and great to have healthy options.I recently had a surprise party for my fiancée at front street cafe after I proposed to her. The weather was pretty crappy, but the outdoor area was covered and the staff was incredibly accommodating and went out of their way to make sure we were happy despite the rain and cold weather. Food is great, drinks are great, staff truly cares about their customers. Can't say enough about this business! We'll be back!Front street cafe is by far my favorite brunch spot in Philly! I'd suggest going with someone who will share a few items with you because it will be hard to pick just one thing! 
I would recommend making a reservation on the weekends because it will definitely be crowded. 
For beverages I usually go with either a fresh juice or turmeric ginger latte. Alcohol is an option too but at Front Street cafe you are offered such a unique experience with so many healthy options! 
Getting the sriracha cauliflower is a MUST! I prefer this over the buffalo sauce because it's very unique and PACKED WITH FLAVOR!! I'm obsessed and can't find the words to describe it so you much try it! The do make a good buffalo sauce if you're not up for my suggestion. That option comes with a dill sauce and I usually ask for it on the side even when I get the sriracha. 
Also, try the mushroom bacon. It's such a yummy little treat to pick at on the side of whatever main dish you get. 
Some of my other favorites are the veg lentil chili and breakfast hash, I usually ask for the poached egg cooked to medium so it's less runny.
I am so happy this places opened in philly, it is really changing the brunch game!Tried to go here for a late lunch and beverages during a conference call late afternoon on a Friday. They would not let us sit on the patio with a server, but instead directed us to sit at an empty bar and go to the cafe ourselves to order food/drink. We went to the cafe to order food and they were confused about the situation, said only 2 specific tables outside were for the cafe. We once again tried to get a table - we were not going to just take up their table with a coffee, and this was made clear. At least 2 meals and 4 expensive beverages would have been ordered.
Ended up leaving. 1 star.Never been to check out the vibe at night, but early mornings here are perfect. Friendly baristas, beautiful surroundings, most importantly good coffee. Can't wait to hang out in the gorgeous courtyard once it warms back up.My new fave brunch spot!!! So delish (and secretly healthy-ssshhh). The space is absolutely gorgeous so don't let its location deter you. I've been twice now and have had very accommodating service and excellent food. The tomato jam and those potatoes... OMG!! They have some of the best coffee too!Great food, good vegan options and non vegan. Our server was very friendly even though she was busy. The place hip and clean. We will definitely be back every time we visit Philadelphia.the waiter got our order wrong and food was not good, very disappointing. the poached eggs had a strong taste of vinegar and everything was bland and tastelessThis place was great. Loved all the veg options and the atmosphere. I tried the buffalo cauliflower, the spinach artichoke dip and some special pumpkin pasta dish that was amaze!!Great for vegetarians! There are plenty of options for all meals. Highly recommend the buffalo cauliflower. Also has great cocktails and kombucha on tap.Very cool spot, great food and service. Definite repeat when I'm back in Philly for brunchThis review is for my brunch / lunch experience. First bad sign: I wanted to order the corn beef hash, but without the mushrooms. The waiter tells me that can't be done because the mushrooms are already mixed in. This essentially means the food is pre-made, sitting in a fridge ready to be heated up. Gross!! So I just went with the basic breakfast plate. My bacon was lukewarm and dry, eggs were cold, and the toast was cold too. The potatoes were lukewarm, mushy, and bland. Service was awful too. When they brought our food, I asked for butter and jam for my toast. Well, the waiter never came back to bring me the jelly/bitter, nor did he ever come by to ask how we were doing or to refill my coffee. I had to waive him down for a refill. Oh, wait...he did come back when we were done to drop off the check, which we hadn't even asked for yet (I was on a 1st date). Between the service and cold + bland food (also, smallish portion), I would never come back. I'm absolutely shocked this place has 4 stars. There are so many excellent places in Fishtown, why anybody would go here blows my mind.Great place. So big. Restaurant, bar, and cafe area most of the time...but on weekends, the whole thing is a brunch place...definitely not a cafe. There is a small spot where you can get some work done, but its not as functional as a cafe then. 
BUT... the rest of the time, its a great place to grab a cup of coffee, relax, meet up with someone, or get work done. PLUS, it is the only place in ALL of the riverwards where you can work late with a cup of coffee. For some reason, all the cafes in northern liberties, kensginton, fishtown generally close at 7pm...some at 8/9pm... but this is open until midnight the earliest every night of the week.This was really a big deal to me because it is sometimes hard to find breakfast choices on a menu when you follow a plant-based diet. This was the best brunch I have ever had. They have vegan options, gluten free options, and even options for those weird "normal eaters." The server was very helpful in explaining the menu to us and what ingredients are used, etc. We shared the buffalo cauliflower (even though it was breakfast time) and it was unreal - it basically was like eating buffalo wings. They were crispy and flavorful. I had the big vegan breakfast: tofu scramble with smoked black beans, vegetable hash, gluten-free english muffin (instead of the porridge bread) and mushroom bacon. It was incredible and plenty of food. My friend and I both decided it was the best brunch we have ever had! I want to come back & try all my backup choices.The buffalo cauliflower was amazing. I wasn't a fan of the quinoa tostada, more of a taco salad tbh. The tofu was a little on the sweet side, but good. Honestly the highlight of the night was our server, Erwin. He was welcoming, friendly, attentive, and fun. Erwin gets 5 stars:)The food was really good once we finally got it...But it took an hour and a half to get it! We only waiting fifteen to twenty minutes to get seated, but after ordering it was 1.5 hours to get our brunch. We were so hangry by the end. The biscuits and mushroom gravy dish was good, but the eggs were cold, which makes me wonder if they just forgot about us. When we checked on the ETA, they said we were next, though it took another 40 minutes after that! They comped us some of the food as an apology, which only partiality made up for lost time. I think l would have liked it even if l weren't hangry, but now I won't know because I am likely not coming back.What a gem this cafe is! 
This was my first time in Fishtown, and my friend brought me and two others here for brunch on a Saturday. There was no waiting and the place was quiet and not crowded unlike a lot of the brunch places in center city. I almost didn't want to write a review here because I don't want people to come and crowd this place on weekends--haha. 
The place is gorgeous. It has two floors and an outdoor area as well. The place has a lot of beautiful wood and has a healthy-earthy feel to it.
I got the Skuna Bay Gravlax Platter for $14 and it was awesome. It's like their own version of lox and cream cheese. I especially enjoyed the fried capers in the dish. I love fish but since their portion was a bit big-- it was too much fish for me. I loved it though. 
I also got a side of the veggie hash and it was delightful. I enjoyed every bite of it- it was surprisingly very flavorful. I'm hoping to come back here soon! This cafe makes me want to explore Fishtown more. I'll be back!This place is music to a Vegan's ears! Almost all restaurants have symbols to denote vegan and vegetarian options but this restaurant does the very opposite. It is a plant based restaurant that is friendly to meat and dairy eaters. It makes ordering very easy because you know that bulk of the menu is plant based unless otherwise noted. 
The chili potato wedge appetizer is amazing and their brunch is also really good. The price is a little high but your body will not feel sluggish or crappy after eating here.We checked in here for a quick brunch on a Sunday morning. It had a very hipster feel to it and was obviously part of the new gentrification of this neighborhood. Right across the street was the sprawling ghetto. Contrast that with such things as organic coffee, organic tea, and smoothies called the Goldenglow featuring pineapple turmeric coconut and banana and you can see the encroach of gentrification into the area.
The Goldenglow was very tasty and turmeric was flavorful giving this drink an interesting sweet yet bitter appeal.
A menu I noticed is largely vegan which was quite disappointing for me but it will make the hipsters and landlubbers very happy. After a little digging I was able to locate some eggs and Applewood smoked bacon so that has satisfied me for now.
While we waited for the meal I looked around to the appearance of nice brick walls and hardwood floors with hipster pictures and hip decorations all over the area. This is the stereotypical upscale coffee joint as witnessed by the coffees ranging from 3 to 5 dollars each. The menu also featured a nice draft beer menu.
The big breakfast was a hit with Applewood smoked bacon organic eggs and a side salad that was very tasty the highlight however was home fries with a special sauce blend that was sort of a sweet and spicy ketchup.
The eggs Benedict featured an everything bagel muffin which I have never seen before and also mushroom bacon which was basically just fried mushroom which had a sweet and crunchy taste very nice.I had an amazing time at FSC hosting a small get together for my dad's birthday. Rachel & Terence we're AMAZING! Rachel was a fantastic bartender/server. Very personable, quick and accommodating.  She really added to our great time. Terence was super fast to get anything we needed and to clear tables, etc. the food and drinks were wonderful and it was absolutely a day we will never forget! Thank you!In town for a concert next door. Got to venue early so we decided to go here for just a bite before.. we had low expectations..meaning it looked alittle to hipste andr up scale for us. Can i just say totally wrong! This place is a must go you wont be disapointed! The food is amazing! Atmosphere is nice. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Great surpriseUpdate: I upgraded to a 4, now back down.  Total attitude again at the coffee bar, and I just think the menu and schedule is just off.  If you look to my first review it was a 3, and my favorite parts: coffee and baristas/coffee bartenders.  Since that first visit the norm has been the opposite with regard to service.
I just feel like a place with that much space, right in an amazing foot-traffic location, that can't figure out how to offer some hot sandwiches or some food other than a bagel or donut (donuts are not good) before 8 am on weekdays doesn't get the star (then minus 2 for horrible barista). 
The menu is small to begin with, how hard can it be to add some egg, meat, and cheese on a bagel to it?  How about some oatmeal with organic fruit.  Both could be made by a food truck, never mind a 4k sq ft. restaurant.
So back to the attitude and timing: 1) we go to get quinoa porridge and coffees at about 7:55 am on a weekday.  Sorry, no breakfast on a WEEKDAY until After 8. 2) The girl behind the counter was just really rude, made it seem like we were totally bothering her, and dismissive in delivery of said information. No help, no smiles, no sorry.  I just don't get who thought it would be smart to put this personality in a customer facing position.
Give your baristas some people training, expand the menu a little and get some breakfast food in the actual morning (I know 8 is actual morning, but I mean for adults) and I can offer support.
I want to this place so bad, but I just keep getting knocked down when I actually go.I went here for a brunch date on a Sunday around noon. There was a wait of about 30 minutes, which can be expected for this area but luckily there was a bar that helped pass the time. I ordered the huevos rancheros and enjoyed their twist on the common brunch meal. Definitely will go back.Great location.  Good food.  Wonderful space.  Kitchen has its act together.  Please lose the cheesy electronica music that feels like we are at a Radisson hotel bar in Orlando, FLA.This place is great!  If you're in a mixed group of say, health-conscious vegans and devoted bar food noshers, it seems like pretty much everyone will be able to find something they want.  In fact, I found several things I wanted to order, and I hope to go back at some point to try out more of the menu.  The neighborhood is a little off the beaten path, though, so it's been difficult to make my way back there again.The surrounding neighborhood kept me from entering the restaurant, because everything seemed pretty sketch to me. But I would consider Front Street Cafe a hidden gem. Easily accessible by MFL, Front Street offers a hipster yet healthy breakfast and brunch menu. I wish the menu were a little more extensive, but after deciding to order their Huevos Rancheros, I couldn't complain. The only thing I would have changed was to add less rice to the dish, but otherwise, Front Street is a great place for chill vibes and good food.Truly a disappointment. Went in for brunch and waited 20 minutes staring at empty tables in what I can only assume was a ploy to force you into ordering one of their overpriced juices. The ambitions of the menu far outstripped the abilities of the kitchen. The langoustine and grits featured a single shrimp atop a bed of lumpy grits and the most violently vinegary collard greens I have ever tasted. Truly a dish fit for a Dickensian prison. The gravlox platter is a no brainer but the execution here was, again, poorly proportioned  and presented. 
I don't think this is simply a case of a new restaurant finding its sea legs. They truly need to reevaluate what they want to be and focus on trying to do that well.Absolutely amazing food! So many delicious options for vegans...
We make sure to stop in almost every time we are in the area. Never disappointed, always leaving super full with leftovers to take home. Everything is so reasonably priced as well. 
By the way, their buffalo cauliflower is to die for!The bar tenders were sexually amped the night we were there. Incredible atmosphere, great service, great food.Great food, service often indifferent at best, although sometimes great. Excellent burger, although a recent iteration came with too much sauce. Expect to be treated with contempt if ordering takeout - they regularly keep you waiting to pick up while the food gets cold, and often fail to include napkins and utensils.I have been looking for "gluten free option" cafe! Finally its here! I love this place. Food is fresh and deliciousNew favorite spot to eat!  As a gluten free vegetarian it can be very challenging going out to eat.  Front Street Cafe has a lot of wonderful choices and the server was very knowledgeable about the menu and how they could accommodate me.  The food was fantastic and the service was great.Came in today and tried the big vegan breakfast, the smoked black beans and "mushroom bacon" are out of this world. My friend Dominic had the "lean green hot cakes" with a side of regular bacon.  Everything was excellent, the space could be one of the nicest around, looking forward to trying more items on the menu, will try and come back with the wife soon. This could possibly be the best breakfast spot in Northern Liberties/Fishtown. I'll keep you posted.Front Street Cafe has recently become my favorite restaurant. I've been here several times in last month. They hit one home run after another with the food here. If you are health conscious, vegan, or gluten-free, they have many great options. The cauliflower with garlic siracha is phenomenal. The vegan spinach and artichoke dip is also excellent. The coconut lime ginger rum cocktail is tasty. Come here!SO good. Incredible menu. Great vegetarian and vegan options. Ingredients are super fresh and the food is delicious. This place is long overdue in Philly. Outside area is huge and beautiful- inside has great ambience. The staff is personable and professional. Get the Green Pancake Stack and the Acai bowl. Will be back to try everything on the menu.
Love this place.Stopped here for lunch today. It was very good. The Buffalo Callflower appetizer was fantastic, getting the Buffalo taste without the usual grease. Chicken salad sandwich was also excellent. New and a great atmosphere. Highly recommend it.Went for a Sunday brunch. Still getting used to how much of a difference fishtown is compared to the old days. This place was great and can't wait to come back. Awesome to be able to go to breakfast and enjoy it in vegan fashion. The whole atmosphere and food was great.A little pricey for what it is ($7 for a Yuengling? come on bruh) but the food is good - I'm surprised that I really liked the chips and vegan (cashew) queso, and while the beer and food are a little overpriced the cocktails are somehow really reasonable? I haven't been for juice/brunch, just to the bar, but the ambiance is really nice and the servers were all great.Pros: 
* Locally sourced ingredients
* Smoothies and fresh juice can take on the go
* Can sit on the cafe side and don't need to have a server wait on you
Cons:
* Even if you spend 50 dollars eating in they will charge you .50 cents if you want extra dressing! Extra dressing should be free
* No gluten free baked goods and no gluten free takeout sandwichesWe had my daughter's baby shower there over the weekend and it was flawless.  The waitstaff and management were so helpful and meeting our needs it they made it seem effortless.  I would definitely recommend the upstairs for small affairs and the food was amazing.Really special local eatery with yummy natural food and drinks. Organic juices, locally roasted coffee, and a cool space to hang out made this place our lunch time oasis while visiting.Absolutely love this place! From the exterior to the interior decor to the bathrooms to the ambient music (think Moby Porcelain ;) I LOVE IT! The food is spectacular. Everything is so fresh and tasty. The coffee and juices/smoothies also fantastic. I'm impressed with literally everything about this place. Vegan heaven and great for non vegans too!!
One tiny gripe: recently the oven fried potato was swapped for wedges/home fries. I am so against this. The oven fried potato was the best! Please bring it back!!!!! 
Check this place out you won't be sorry.I came here for a pre-Broad Street meal with friends and everyone was able to find something that they wanted and thoroughly enjoyed.  I got the fried chicken sandwich with potato wedges.  The sandwich was absolutely delicious and big enough to take half home and enjoy it for another meal later.  Others in my group got the scampi special, turkey bolongese, and a kale salad.  Everyone raved about their choice.  
We sat upstairs and service was fast and friendly.  There is a great bar portion and outside area-cannot wait to come back and sit outside or at the bar!I was in the neighborhood and came back.   The smoothies were on point.  Service from my server was superb.a hip and homey looking brunch place on the edge of fishtown!!! service was not that great but the food was decent!! ordered the Benedict and acai smoothie which was.... smooth....Today was my fourth or fifth time being here. The rustic style in the 19th century building is very nice. Plenty of space both inside and out. Their coffee is pretty good. So why 2 stars? Today's massive failure. I understand that they were busy today but our wait was one of the longest I have ever had for food. From start to finish we were there for over an hour and a half. My roommate ordered the hash and I got the organic ranch fried chicken sandwich with a side salad. We also had coffees. We could tell some people around us were extremely antsy, but we started experiencing the same after it passed the hour mark. Once the meals arrived, so did more disappointment. My sandwich was good but I wasn't a fan of the side salad. The salad did taste fresh though so it might be just me. For 11 bucks, I was hoping for a little more chicken between the buns though. My roommate's meal wasn't very good either. They forgot his egg (but still charged him) and $13 later he was still hungry. They gave us the Americano and cappuccino on the house for our wait which is appreciated. Sorry FSC but, I'll only come by for coffee periodically now.Lee is a good dude, and your people there have the same great attitude. Warm and friendly, outstanding atmosphere an great food. But the good vibes matter most.I went here for lunch and it was good. I had a burger and my wife had a turkey burger. My burger was excellent - cooked perfectly, good meat, good bread, good toppings.
I'd like to come back here for dinner and cocktails.  Good beer list though.I attempted to return last weekend. I called to see the wait time. Hostess replied, "I don't know," and offered nothing more. I thought maybe she was very busy helping another customer, so I decided to head over anyway. When I arrived with my parents 10 minutes later, she and another hostess were standing there helping no one. Even if they both were busy when I  called, she could have put me on hold. Anyhow, she let us know it was a 2 hour + wait. Why not let us know on the phone before walking over? When I pointed this out, I got a blank stare and no apology. This is not the only time I've encountered rudeness at Front St., hence my lowered rating.Service- Steve was an excellent waiter. Very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu.
Food- Loved the Buffalo Cauliflower and the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich.
Atmosphere- Trendy Fishtown spot with exposed wood and brick. 
Overall- Price was reasonable and experience was a top notch. Definitely will be back!Sharp looking place, received a warm friendly greeting by host at Sunday Brunch.  I was a party of one, and was seated promptly. Service was good.  I ordered the Front Street Big Breakfast (not so big, but that was okay).  Food was good. I liked the customer base, pretty cool crowd. I will definitely return when I'm in the area.Great service, great food, great experience. The gluten free bagel tasted like rotten cardboard, but that was my fault cause I requested it over the English muffin. Great coffee, great acai bowls, great salmon, great tacos, terrible bagels.Amazing food with terrible service! I came here with some family for brunch & It was steady but not super busy at the time. The hostess was very out of it and sat us 10 minutes after calling us over at a table with way too many seats for the size of our party. The server forgot waters, juice, and condiments multiple times. Although, the food was amazing when everything did come out. No one had issues with the food they ordered. The cafe has a cute hipster environment with a beautiful patio.  3/5Front Street is a very clean cafe. I enjoy the vibe they've tried to create inside and out. You think that it's only one level but realize there is an upstairs to look over the street. The food was very good, I ordered something that would have been hard to screw up. However, kudos for not screwing it up!! They didn't serve us water so I had to get my own water out of the fridge upstairs and that's mostly why I put 4 out of 5 stars. Also, my gf didn't enjoy their coffee. She's sort of a coffee snob....so I can't fault them there. I would absolutely come back and look forward to see how they operate in the warmer months.Great vegetarian/vegan option in Fishtown. They have all sorts of variety on the menu but we elected to stop here as a best option for our vegan friend int he area. I stopped earlier in the day for iced coffee (yum) and was happy to return for dinner after perusing the menu. For dinner, I had the cauliflower (plain for my toddler) and the harvest salad with shrimp. The cauliflower was very lightly breaded and seasoned. Although is was gently fried, it was not oily or wilted. I had a hard time making myself stop picking at that dish. The harvest salad was a very nice mix of including butternut squash, pumpkin seeds, quinoa, cranberries, goat cheese. You get the idea. I enjoyed my meal and the general atmosphere. The outside garden is absolutely gorgeous. I would recommend a meal here.I love Front Street Cafe!  Awesome neighborhood spot with great outdoor space and lots of healthy options. So many good things to choose from but I can never get enough of their vegan kale Cesar salad and their buffalo cauliflower. Staff has always been great and super friendly as well.Great food, amazing design and building! Perfect for the Fishtown neighborhood. Great to see front street location coming to life tooWe love the Front Street Cafe. We had lunch there last week and it was fantastic. Try the buffalo cauliflower!  It's a must. The people who work there are super friendly and really help give the place a cool vibe.Beautiful venue 
Excellent service 
Poor Food... the food is not worth the money. It was just ok, average. I had the biscuits and mushroom gravy. The tofu scramble was under seasoned, biscuits were over worked, and the gravy was cold. Something simple but could have been memorable.We went here for brunch on a Sunday. There was a 40 minute wait so we sat at the bar. We ordered drinks, a Bloody Mary, wine and a latte. Bartender was attentive. We ordered the lox plate and the sausage tacos. Both were good. I enjoyed the atmosphere the most and I'm looking forward to going again to try other items on the menu.Great space, would definitely recommend eating outside weather-permitting. Great bartender at the patio bar serving from a creative drink menu. For starters, we had the buffalo cauliflower, which was outstanding. The potato wedges were described as loaded and they certainly were. Very filling. The hummus dish was tasty but would've preferred more hummus and less bread. I had the vegan spaghetti and meatballs; it was good but could've used a bit more flavor. My wife had the pho and thoroughly enjoyed it. My son had the mushroom pasta dish and loved it. He described it as "succulent." Creamy and flavorful. The dessert was alright. A little expensive for the neighborhood but worth it.I love this place. It seems like places rarely excel at trying to be a coffee shop/restaurant/bar hybrid but this place does. The coffee is good, the outdoor area is beautiful, and the food is really good. I love how many vegetarian options there are. I'm normally not a "big salad" person, but their Greek salad with grilled tofu is the best salad I've ever had and probably my favorite meal in the neighborhood.My family and i finally went to Front Street cafe. Why it's taken us this long i have no freaking idea! We went here because we could all decide on it. I ordered the black bean soup and mushroom tagliatelle. I forgot to take a picture of the soup. However the mushroom tagliatelle was the definition of food porn. Locally sourced fresh mushrooms and delicious homemade pasta. The rest of my party had the Eggplant dish, which they said it was out of this world.My wife and I are gluten and dairy free. Well, she's gluten free by choice, and I'm gluten free by marriage, but that's another story.  Went for brunch on a Sunday morning.  We did not have a reservation, but they were able to seat us outside (our preference on a beautiful morning) immediately.  Nice atmosphere.  The eggs and potatoes were tasty staples.  The mushroom scrapple was a nice surprise.  Also had the mushroom bacon which was different, but only OK.   I enjoy when restaurants go out of the way to provide unique and tasty vegan dishes, and the cafe does that.  Glad we went.Ambiance: Perfect for boozy brunch outdoors, plus vegan options - the general aesthetic is what any brunch enthusiastic is likely looking for. Family friendly.
Staff: The staff was accommodating, attentive, and efficient. No complaints.
Food: Well-prepared, perfect portions, great options and variety for any particular dietary guidelines.
I specifically had the vegetarian eggs benedict (vegan hollaindaise sauce!) with mushroom bacon.  My group split the buffalo cauliflower - even the meat eaters loved it!  Everything was full of flavor and great texture. 
There is also a large variety of non-alcoholic drinks such as teas, juices, coffee drinks if the brunch cocktails do not interest you.  
I've added photos of my meal as well as the huevos rancheros that my friend ordered - the dishes were beautiful!Well it only took me sitting here for a good 7 minutes before anyone even acknowledged my presence after the hostess sat me.  There was hardly anyone here even but lots of employees walking by me.  I knew what I wanted when I walked in the door.  Ordered eggs Benedict poached hard/done, Applewood bacon & a Salty Dog.  Bartender brings me my drink...as a shot. WTF??? She said that it said no ice when she "looked it up".  Who doesn't know what a Greyhound or a Salty Dog are?  Grapefruit/vodka & grapefruit/vodka/salt as DRINKS WITH ICE.  That's a classic drink that any bartender should know & extremely simple.  Breakfast comes.  Guy waiter sits it down in front of me because now I apparently have 2 different people waiting on me.  Eggs are runny as can be.  This is the second time this exact thing has happened to me at this place.  So they take it back to remake it.  Guy comes back and the salad that I didn't know came with this plate has onions all over it.  Well some people have allergies and I can't have onions so I ask for another salad with no onions.   Guy comes back with a bowl of lettuce DRY with nothing on it.  So I'm like:  Is this dry lettuce???  He said well you said you didn't want anything on it.  No that isn't what I said.  I said no onions but ok now you people are just being insulting!  I said: I'll just take my bill and a box to go to the guy.  Waitress comes & says do you want a box to go?  I'm all: yes because this entire experience sucked completely.  Waitress:  "Well ok then!"  She comes back with box & I start to tell her what my problem is which was pretty much everything from start to not even finishing and she doesn't want to hear what my problem is or why it was such a bad experience...she just took the Benedict off my bill and walked away.  & no I didn't take my dry lettuce stuffed into a bowl & the 1 egg Benedict I left on the plate.  This actual building is nice but the service & food are completely subpar.  That's a whole lotta NOPE!  I will never go back.They have lots of options for vegetarians and vegans, and GF people too! Actually, they mark menu items by whether they are veggie-friendly (the typical V) but by what type of meat they have in them (so a little silhouette of a chicken or a cow, etc).  Things that would normally be off limits in typical restaurants are actually vegan! For example, the mozzerella sticks are made with cashew cheese and the spaghetti with meatballs is actually spaghetti squash with lentil-balls (GF). For those who aren't crazy about vegan/vegetarian food, there are a lot of options for them as well - and according to my family (who are not vegetarian), their meals were all really great! Nice warm atmosphere, cool location and seating options, and friendly service. Just a good experience overall every time I've been there.We ordered the Chicken Waffle Bites, Chipotle Hash and Banana Pancakes. The Chicken Waffle bites were juicy and fresh, the Banana Pancakes were similar to eating dessert, making it hard to stop eating, and the Chipotle hash was the right amount of savory to the meal. Will definitely be coming back.I tried FSC for the first time today for brunch! It was fabulous! My boyfriend and i are both Vegans and they have fabulous options. We tried the French onion soup (amazing!!!!), the tofu scramble and the mushroom scrapple is to die for! We also tried the banana hot cakes with cashew cream that was delicious! I'm dying to go back already! So nice to have (really great) vegan options! Some restaurants try and fail, but FSC has it down! Also the ginger aid juice was awesome!!We always looked forward to dining at Front Street Cafe. I've been there several times for lunch and several dinners. Service and food were always stellar. We especially appreciate the fact that their menu satisfied members of our family, some are vegan, others vegetarian, pescatarian, etc. My daughter and son in law requested we celebrate her birthday there 2 weeks ago. I had a reservation and requested a vegan dessert with a candle if possible via open table. when my daughter arrived the host asked her what her dessert preference was. She replied. It was a beautiful night, we were outdoors and while we waited a while to get service, we understood it might be due to it being very busy. We all enjoy our drinks with dinner and each usually have several. We waited a very long time for service. We also ordered many apps and 4 entrees. The server forgot one entree. Immediately after dinner, we were presented with a check. No one asked if we wanted coffee, drinks, etc. and our daughters dessert was never provided. 
The food was wonderful as per usual, but the service left a lot to be desired.
And I may return and give them another shot but, with all the wonderful dining spots in Philly one may have to twist my arm to return.I love this place! The inside and outside are all decorated so cute. The menu has many options including vegan and veggie friendly. They open earlier than most the coffee shops in the city which is great when you are headed to work early in the mornings and are in need of your daily dose of caffeine . This place is also family friendly and they have gluten free options as well which is awesome for my gluten free toddler. They always have different events going on as well like open mic nights and local art events , which makes it even more fun! I highly recommend this place!I wanted to stop in to this cafe for a while now and I am glad I did. I came on a Monday evening and it wasn't too crowded. On one side, you have the cafe which has pastries, smoothies, etc. and on the other side is the restaurant with a full bar. 
I really wanted a seafood dish which had shrimp, scallops, and more in a bucatini pasta but the waitress told me they missed a seafood shipment and it wasn't available. So I had to choose something else and it led me to the mushroom pappardelle and I added some chicken. When I say it was good, it was good. I really enjoyed it and probably ate every mushroom in that bowl. The noodles were just right, the amount of chicken and mushrooms were proportionate. The flavor was great. I am not mad about having to reroute my choice. 
Happy hour until 7 is also a good deal, despite getting there at 6:50. Still managed to get one round in before the time changed. Just as we were leaving, we decided to check out the upstairs where we heard music. Lo and behold, open mic night! Okay Front Street Cafe...good food and entertainment...you might just have to see me again.Beautiful restaurant with great outdoor seating option. Plenty of vegan/vegetarian options but also some delicious looking entrees with meat. The veggie burger was fantastic, the burger was a combo of quinoa and mushrooms and it came with arugula and a tomato spread.  ALSO potato wedges. Wine was half price during happy hour.  I want to go back and try something from the coffee bar.This is by far the best "Gordon Ramsey" type shit you can get in the city. They don't make this kind of food anywhere else in the city. The exec chef is incredible! This place is hot and the food is extremely good for you! You would be dumb to pass this place up while visiting. This chef tends to every aspect and respect of food.Simply outstanding!
They open at 6:00am!  I've been getting their fresh juices and smoothies in the mornings.  Truly original combinations with healthy and house made ingredients like their own almond milk...who else does that?
The food is ridiculous.  My expectations were lowered because everything is essentially healthy but everything we've tried has been excellent.  Try the grits with langostinos or any of the salads...yes, the salads!  Couldn't be better, it's hard to believe they just opened.
The building is amazing, the outdoor space is super comfortable and fun, the food is great, and the staff is friendly and well trained.  Can't wait for dinner menu.They have great food presentation. Everything was very fresh and colorful. I had the veggie hash with tofu scramble and I had a taste for turkey scrapple, which they don't offer so I tried the vegan scrapple. The hash was beautiful, it included potatoes, peppers and squash which were perfectly blended and cooked just right. The tofu looked plain but it was surprisingly very tasty. The vegan scrapple tasted nothing like scrapple, but it wasn't bad. It was even better when mixed with the hash & tofu scramble. My friend had the turkey sausage sandwich which was equally pleasing to the eye and tasted pretty good. Our side salads were good as well. I am looking forward to returning as they have indoor and outdoor seating as well as an upstairs. The staff was very pleasant and the overall atmosphere was very nice & welcoming.My roommates and I came here for brunch and loved it ! The interior is so cute and vintage decorated and we took several pictures by the couch and wooden wall. The food was good and the service was great! Our waitress allowed us to try some of the wine to decide if we wanted any since we aren't wine drinkers.I can only comment on brunch and drinks. I've been here 3 times now and really enjoyed it. It's lovely inside with an even lovelier patios!  The menu is a dream for healthier options, vegans, vegetarians and those with dietary restrictions.  I really enjoyed the food, cocktails, coffee and service!OMG!!! This place is amazing! The food is beyond wonderful, not only pleasing to the pallet but a treat for the eyes too. It is so obvious that the chef and staff take pride in the quality and presentation of the food. I hope to visit Philadelphia again and Front Street Cafe will be on my "must visit "list.Ive came here for brunch about 6 times. I absolutely love their Iced Chai Latte  
I wish their menu had more variety but I normally get:
1. Front Street Breakfast Platter
2. Eggs Benedict with Sausage 
There isn't much great choices to me other than that. But totally worth a try! Or just swing by and get a Iced Chai Latte on the go. I swear to you, it is unlike any other Chai Latte you've tried. It's light and milky that has sugar and cinnamon in the bottom. It almost reminds me of... Cereal milk? But better  hahaI've loved the food here each time I've came with my partner for breakfast/brunch... however the service is weak at best. The first time we went we had a bartender/waitress who was cordial, inviting and genuinely polite and engaging. The other times we haven't had her and have been disappointed.. I have to scratch and claw for a coffee refill every time. The waitress at the bar just kinda goes through the motions. Still enjoy the breakfast, but think we'll try somewhere else from now on.This place is all around awesome! The atmosphere is great- with table and bar seating options inside and outside. I am a vegan and love the food options here.  But, since it is not an exclusively vegan restaurant it is a great place for me to come with my non-vegan friends and we are all equally happy! For breakfast/brunch, my favorite is the tofu Benedict! The buffalo cauliflower is my favorite appetizer.  The coffee bar makes great lattes. I love the macha latte with almond milk. I have not gotten anything here that I did not like.Cool chic spot.. it was fairly quiet Friday night and I only wish their outdoor patio was open!Front Street Cafe is HANDS DOWN my favorite restaurant.  I've been all over the east coast trying vegan foods and Front Street still remains unrivaled.  Whether you come there in the summer and want to enjoy the weather on the outdoor patio (perfect for summer nights) or in the winter and enjoy the cozy cafe for a warm mocha latte, you will not be disappointed.  The staff is always welcoming which is what has kept me coming back.  If you're going there for the first time, GET THE BUFFALO CAULIFLOWER!!!  It's everyone's favorite, including my own.  The spinach and artichoke dip is also amazing.  If you come in the morning for breakfast/brunch, the bananas foster hot cakes and the quinoa oatmeal are also awesome choices.  Go check this place out!  You will NOT regret it. 
Also, it's perfect for date nights.  The atmosphere is super chill with dim lighting and the cozy bar.Great food but the service is terrible. I understand that this is fishtown and it's supposed to be "laid back" but my server is re slowest server I've ever had. Blonde girl with short hair and a septum piercing. Never coming here again.This is my new local favorite spot! Everything is healthy and fresh. They have something for everyone. You can get dishes with meat or completely vegan. The atmosphere is chill and relaxed. I've only had a few things on the menu since it's so new bit I come here almost every day for coffee and fresh juice. It usually takes  awhile to get your food...I went to FSC for brunch with my hubs this past Saturday and loved it so much I returned with a friend on Monday! While Fishtown is by no means lacking in vegan friendly restaurants this one stands apart. The bulk of the menu is already vegan unless otherwise indicated which is a nice change. 
On my first visit I had the vegan Benedict with the scrapple and it was bomb, the scrapple seemed like some mix of lentils & grains and it was amazing. My hubs had the breakfast tacos and said he would for sure get them again. 
During my second visit I had the big vegan breakfast & again it didn't disappoint (and it is a TON of food), this time I tried the mushroom bacon and while it was good it really didn't hold a candle to the scrapple. My friend got the Benedict non-vegan style with eggs, egg based hollandaise, and the vegan scrapple & loved it as well. She commented on how perfectly her eggs were prepared and, like me, said she cannot to try more offerings. 
I took off 1 star because really, what is brunch without an awesome Bloody Mary? And unfortunately the bloodies here leave something to be desired. When I first ordered mine the waitress warned me that it might be spicier than I was used to and I was excited & hoping that would be true...it wasn't. The drink itself was blah & underwhelming, but the pickled accompaniments were great. I'll stick with one of their fresh juices or the Lillet Vive (which was delicious) on future visits. 
The service was great on both instances, all of the staff seemed really knowledgeable about the menu and were very friendly while not being overbearing.Love this place!! Food is amazing! Coffee is amazing! Service is nice! Will come again!!! I really love how they strive to give you the most natural and high quality ingredients even going for the organic mindset. I can taste it all.So we stopped in for breakfast and Jenna made the most amazing drink! I always make difficult requests, but she handled it with ease. Highly reccomend her flannel shirt.I live in the neighborhood and was thrilled to see this place open. The building is beautiful. Kudos to the owners for the tasteful restoration of this gorgeous historical building. The food and drinks are also great. Since its opening I have stopped in once for brunch and twice to the bar at night. While I have only praise for the space, food, and drinks they are working out a few kinks with the front of the house. For brunch we waited a good twenty minutes for someone to take our order despite a half dozen staff standing around who appeared anxious for something to do but unsure of what they should be doing. When our waiter finally appeared he apologized and claimed he had no idea we were his table. I assume this is a normal early kink that will be worked out. The biggest disappointment has been  the vibe at night. I was looking forward a nice local corner bar to grab a beer and unwind. While their beer list and taps are fine the music is a huge deterrent. Philadelphia is a fantastic music town but this place misses the mark. The cheesy electronica hotel lounge music they were playing really destroyed the ambiance.I really wanted to give this place 4 stars but it really does deserve just 3. I came to Front Street Cafe for brunch on a Saturday morning. I called ahead to see if there was a wait. The person on the phone said there was no wait but I should probably make a reservation anyway (hey, I love free opentable points!). The overall atmosphere is relaxed - I wore leggings and a plaid button down and didn't feel underdressed. It's definitely a hipster vibe but anyone really could fit in here. I could probably bring my parents here and not feel weird.
The food options are great for a vegan vegetarian. As a vegetarian, I appreciated being able to order real eggs as well as the mushroom bacon. The coffee was pretty good but just make sure to ask for milk if you want some - they only bring out sugar to add to your coffee. 
The thing that falls flat about this place is the food. I ordered the Front Street Big Breakfast and everything was a little cold. Toast kinda sucks cold...The other thing is that I had to wait a while before anyone brought the condiments I requested. I think the first person who asked us just plain forgot to bring them to us. By the time I tried to revive my toast with butter it was too far gone. My meal also came with black beans which I really didn't know what to do with. They tasted great but it was weird eating them alone. 
I will probably give this place another shot but I want to check out the rest of Northern Liberties brunch options first.We stopped in here for a coffee, not expecting much in terms of pastries.  Much to my surprise, they vegan cookies, donuts, and cinnamon buns!  I passed on the cookies, but did get the latter two.  Both were delicious!  I got my coffee with soy milk, and my husband got almond milk.  Solid cups of coffee, no bitterness or off flavors.  My only complaint is that the seating is only for people ordering off the menu.  There was nowhere to sit and have our coffee unless we sat at the bar counter by the window....which two guys had spread themselves and their stuff all over to prevent people from sitting there.  The man at the coffee counter suggested with ask the hostesses if we could sit at a table, but it seemed silly that we even had to. There was a multitude of empty tables...so....  Anyway, the place looked clean, everyone was friendly.  If we're in the area, I'd stop back and try out some of the vegan-friendly food too.They have great food presentation. Everything was very fresh and colorful. I had the veggie hash with tofu scramble and I had a taste for turkey scrapple, which they don't offer so I tried the vegan scrapple. The hash was beautiful, it included potatoes, peppers and squash which were perfectly blended and cooked just right. The tofu looked plain but it was surprisingly very tasty. The vegan scrapple tasted nothing like scrapple, but it wasn't bad. It was even better when mixed with the hash & tofu scramble. My friend had the turkey sausage sandwich which was equally pleasing to the eye and tasted pretty good. Our side salads were good as well. I am looking forward to returning as they have indoor and outdoor seating as well as an upstairs. The staff was very pleasant and the overall atmosphere was very nice & welcoming.Great atmosphere and even better food. We shared the sweet fig salad, I had the crab cakes and my husband had the steak. Everything was excellent. Definitely will return.Love the sandwiches, love the smoothies, love the space, service was great...i couldn't think of a negative.  Oh wait parking!  As businesses keep popping up in Fishtown finding parking is going to keep getting worse.  With that being said i really don't mind because it's free.  It was about noonish on a Saturday and we were seated within minutes upstairs.  I preferred dining upstairs, it was less crowded and more homey with the sofas, bookcase, and fireplace.  We sat by the window, t'was pretty neat to see the El pass by the window.  Parents and baby were amused.  
They serve breakfast until 4pm and start lunch at 11am.  We opted for the lunch menu.  I had the bbq pulled smoked oyster mushroom with veggie slaw on a vegan brioche.  It was quite filling and delicious.  The bread was great.  I had a bite of the dry aged burger and that was also great.  I opted for the creamsicle smoothie: coconut, banana, vanilla, agave, and oj.  God damn, it really did taste like a creamsicle! Yeah, i'm a fan.  The husband got an acai berry, If you've never had an acai drink then i would get this but i'm kind of over acai.  
I love that this place has plenty of vegan options.  Next time will definitely have to come for breakfast and libations.  I can't wait to check out the awesome outdoor space when it's warmer.  Better yet, I would love to host a party in that outdoor area!  Oh and i didn't get to try one but they serve Dottie's Donuts too.Went here for brunch with a friend. I usually go to Front Street at night (They often have djs and it becomes more of a bar scene) so I'm familiar with the space. Looked even nicer in the day time. It had a nice rustic feel to it 
I believe on the menu its called the banana walnut hotcakes that I ordered which was DELICIOUS . Even the hotcake with nothing on it wouldve been tasty but it was topped with some kind of rum cream drizzle that took it to another level. My friend ordered the eggs benedict which he was really, really good also. Cant wait to go back and try the heauvos rancheros. Staff is super nice as well. Overall a really good day AND night spotThis place makes me wish I lived in fishtown. I love how spacious and open it is, with lots of windows to let in the light, outdoor beer garden seating in the back, countertop seating in the front (like a cafe), and table seating throughout. I came here for a friend's birthday brunch and was seriously wowed by the vegan concept, food, and decor. I ordered the Pinapple Kaleada juice to start, which was the perfect healthy refresher before my meal. A little pricey, but what juices aren't nowadays? I spent forever looking over the menu because everything sounded so good, but I finally decided on the mushroom scrapple eggs benedict. I was a little disappointed by how dry the bread was, and the eggs were a little overdone for my liking, so I probably wouldn't order it again. But I did have a bite of my friend's veggie burger and it was so yummy I've already decided that's what I'll be ordering on my next visit! It's also just down the street from La Colombe if you're a coffee lover like me! :)First time here for Sunday brunch and although it was okay I don't think I'll give it another go.
I ordered a Bloody Mary and it wasn't all that great. For brunch I expected it to have all the extras like celery and olives or pickles. Something. It was a super basic BM. 
The mimosa was much better. I would recommend that instead of the BM for sure. It tastes good and gave me a nice little buzz. 
The shoestring fries were okay. 
I also ordered the vegan sandwich on the brioche bun but it came out kinda dry so I packed it to go. 
The service is great though. Decent area. Surprisingly easy to find parking.I love Front Street Cafe. This is my favorite spot for my girlfriend and I to go for lunch/breakfast. Awesome tasting and healthy options that are accommodating to all of our weird food issues. My girlfriend raves about their gluten-free bread offerings and we are both huge fans of their smoothies (made with almond milk, which helps me). So yummy! Choco maca and creamsicle are my favorites so far. We sometimes just take a walk there just to grab smoothies on a nice hot day. The wait staff has always been great. I'm looking forward to some cooler weather so we can take advantage of the awesome looking outside seating area. I'll continue to frequent this spot on my weekends for some good eats!Really want this neighborhood place to succeed as it has a lot of potential/ good location/ vibe and people. Been here numerous times since it opened but not thrilled with recent changes. 
- There have been changes to the menu... the menu on the web site is not up to date to reflect them
- The Bahn Mi was removed from the menu and replaced with a Tofu sandwich that is really pretty bland. The Bahn Mi had it's problems but it was a better sandwich.
- The new grilled cheese tastes great but the bread is soggy, not crispy like a grilled sandwich should be.
- The "Grain Bowl" is basically a taco salad... not sure why it's even called a grain bowl. Not at all what I expected, which wouldn't be a bad thing if it tasted good but it seemed like a lot of money for very little grain and a big pile of greens
All that said the people and service are generally quite good. Have not made it to the brunch.By far one of my favorite places to eat where I am positive I'll get a good meal. Staff is friendly and helpful with the menu. I am vegan and they have plenty of vegan and "normal food" choices. Menu is a tad pricey but absolutely delicious.Went to Front Street Cafe with a few friends for brunch. It took the waiter 40 minutes after seating us to take our food order. 
I had ordered the English muffin as a side and requested jam with my order. In the middle of a bite I found a small shard of glass. Not sure if it came from the muffin or the jam but I reported it to our server. I then received no follow up on how glass ended up in my food or an apology and even though the rest of my meal was inedible I received nothing comped off my bill. 
This raises a safety concern with me about what is happening in the kitchen, and that is something that should not be acceptable.Very light and refreshing ambiance. Definitely great brunch spot after a night out to refuel and rejuvenate. Food and service was great - extremely friendly atmosphere and cool vibes all around.We had such an incredible experience here. My friend and I came after work for a happy hour after an intense week at work. The service was impeccable and the staff were so warm and welcoming and offered excellent recommendations. I highly recommend the Campos de luz Rose, and absolutely order the cauliflower buffalo appetizer. The chicken strips are gluten free and delicious - you'd never know! Shout out to bartender Tim for being amazing. Wish I had found this place sooner! It's a gem. There's also a healthy smoothie area next to the bar area. It's win win win.I know this got a bad review from that Craig guy.  However just had dinner there   Great service by Katie very unique vegan options.  Really nice space.  Definitely will be going back!!!Front street cafe was recommended to me by some friends. I was happy to find a brunch restaurant that actually takes reservations on Saturday mornings. The restaurant is very cute and chill. They also have an outdoor seating area surrounded by beautiful plants.
I ordered the whole grain pancakes and it was good. Not the best, but it was still yummy ! Our server, I believe his name was Cliff was also great. Overall this restaurant is a cute place to come and grab brunch with family and friends.When I popped in after work around 5:30, the place was quiet. Just a few patrons and their laptops posted up at the bar, and couple of folks sprinkled at tables. I came in the front door where you can order at the counter for say, a coffee to-go.  I saw a sign leading to the other side of the restaurant that said "please wait to be seated." After standing around awkwardly at the empty hostess stand for several minutes without being acknowledged, I helped myself to an empty barstool.
Despite being quiet, the bartender was slow to greet me. He didn't seem too invested in the customers, talking about his personal life with a fellow staff member in between taking orders. I gave up alcohol for Lent, so I was thrilled to see a draft kombucha offered. It was banging! Happy Hour is 5-7 with $3 wine by the glass, $2 off all drafts, and $1 off cocktails/liquor. The beer/ liquor selection is great. $2 off all drafts meant a $4 pour for my tea - not shabby. 
Over half of the menu is vegan/ vegetarian friendly, with the items that contain meat/dairy/ GF clearly labelled. My friend and I split the order of the vegan "mozzarella" sticks and vegan spinach dip. Both items were awesome, but the portion sizes were pretty small. The mozzarella sticks were more of a patty. There were four, served with marinara. They were a fairly good cheese fake, with good texture and flavor. I loved the breading. The spinach dip was kind of an odd consistency. It was different from your typical spinach dip, but I can't really say how. Nevertheless, it was tasty. I was still starving when I left, though. The starters are not meant to be split among more than two people, and honestly, I could've eaten them both on my own. Two drafts and two starters were about $30, which I feel is fair for the quality of the food. 
The vibe is pretty low key and cute. You could easily set up with your laptop and the free wifi or have a romantic date here. I'd be keen to come back when I can drink alcohol after Lent and sit outside on their patio. Service could be better, but overall, I enjoyed my visit here.Great addition to the Community. I had a great Greek Salad and a kewl home brew. The server was great and plenty of space. We had a great conversation about the Walking Dead with the folks sitting next to use. 
A must go to place.
enjoyYes. Yes and yes. This place is gold. Visit fishtown and eat everything on all the menu over time. You will not be disappointed.Brunch food took over an hour to come out on a Sunday and the place was not crowded. Poor service, to go along with it. Food was okay but many better choices in the area.Came here on a Saturday morning for brunch. Artsy brunch spot with lots of natural light, tall ceilings, and a wide outdoor patio. We'd made a reservation for a party of 9 a few days prior. Seated and greeted immediately upon arrival. Our waiter was friendly. Brought out our drinks quickly. Their fresh squeezed OJ was really good. I got the whole wheat fosters banana hot cakes. The pancakes, though initially enjoyable, were huge and a little too much for one person. The cinnamon and the nuts were perfect toppings. My friends enjoyed their dishes. I'd come back if I'm in the area again.I couldn't wait for Front Street Cafe to open up in my neighborhood as this is really the first healthy establishment in the hood. Went here on Friday night to see what it's all about. I don't think they are serving their full menu yet so I was bummed I couldn't really try any of the food. However, I did try a signature cocktail- the Cucumber Gimlet. And by try I mean I had 3 because it was addicting. One of the best drinks I've ever had. 
The environment is spacious and open and they play pretty cool music as well. 
I stopped in for coffee the next day and the coffee was delicious expect the one suggestion i have is to have some UNSWEETENED almond milk on hand :) 
Excited to try the food soon!After flying all night to get to Philly from California, I was exhausted and ready to go home and sleep. But I'm so glad I made a stop at Front Street Cafe for brunch.
We sat on their large outdoor patio, because that's what everyone was doing. It was super nice and hipster, with the elevated train running by less than a block away adding the city ambience.
I got the vegan version of the Front Street Benedict, which included tofu scramble and mushroom scrapple. Vegan scrapple?! I don't think I've ever had real scrapple so don't know how to compare, but this mushroom version was fantastic. My mom couldn't stop raving about it either. I think it's worth coming here just for that! Everything else was super delicious - my family all got other vegan items off the menu that all looked and tasted great. It's not totally vegan here, but there are so many options which will make it a great place to visit regularly.There was quite a buzz about this restaurant, but what it has in buzz it lacks in flavor. Also, the food was clearly not fresh. I and my wife are very disappointed. 
Detailed review: The onion soup was ok, but I did not finish it because of the excessive tasteless onion. The famous cauliflower had flavor yes, but just one kind: very hot sriracha. Also, the cauliflower was not crispy neither freshly made. The bean burger was ok, but the side salad was probably sitting on the counter a few hours before reaching our table. Service was efficient but lacked a smile and waiters were generally stressed. The kombucha was disappointing and the red wide (Nero d'Avola) was served a little bit warmer than it should. Panna Cotta was good. Espresso was served colder than it should. If I divide the price ($80 for two people) by the flavor of a meal (in this case lack of flavor), this was the most expensive restaurant we ever entered.OMG!! i love this place!!  two blocks from our airbnb and we started our day here...breakfast of champions....great coffee and fab food!!  i had huevos rancheros which was tasty but weird looking...not at all like regular huevos we get in cali....see photo....it came covered in greens...hmmm, did i order a salad??  no, underneath were two lovely eggs on top of a crispy tortilla, on top of wild rice, black beans and a light mole sauce at the bottom....soooo healthy!! hahaha....so different but a great breakfast...who knew salad for breakfast would pair w huevos!!....we also had a porridge of quinoa which i need to order myself next time....so nourishing and tasty....
ok, so the group decided to eat dinner here as well and i couldn't disagree....the patio is fab on a warm evening that we had....several musicians played as a benefit for haiti....we had the cauliflower, flatbread, chips and artichoke/spinach dip, i had a stella (a lovely cocktail) and a fried chicken sandwich....mmmmm....the food choices are perfect because i have a couple kids who are vegan, friends who are vegetarian and then there are the carnivores like me....everybody can be happy at front street....it should be noted that overall they have a healthy bent to their menu which works for me!!  molto buono!!I'd give the cafe 5 stars.   I'd give the restaurant 2 stars.   They really need to work out the kinks in the kitchen.   Under cooked potatoes once, under cooked lentils another time.   Also, presentation is lacking.Next to the kung fu necktie.. very pretty inside, unlike the outside of philly. They have vegan options, and the food is reasonable in price. I recommend it to anyone who is vegan and not. They have coffee and teas as well. The staff was very friendly.Fantastic food and thrilled to find an excellent array of vegan and vegetarian entrees - not to mention great choices for meat eaters. Beautiful outdoor seating area. I highly recommend this place!Boyfriend wanted to take me here. Cute setting, gives you that rustic yet hipster like feel. Being how it was my first time I wanted to be safe and ordered their "front street breakfast."  Seemed simple enough but when I got the plate I didn't know it was going to be THAT simple. So simple I still saw the white on my plate when it first came out like they're that boujie serving itty bitty food. Literally get what they describe. And for $12?! That's money that I coulda went with to a diner and get full off of! Maybe I have to try their other plates but man.... never again.Great food, great patio, great times with great people. The menu is great for vegetarians like me... There's more vegan & vegetarian options than non-veg, not something that you see often. Loved the buffalo cauliflower and the potato wedges, but found the lentil meatballs to be a little underwhelming. Wouldn't mind going back.Finally made it here after many failed attempt to meet up with a friend for brunch. 
My friend has been here a couple of time and suggested that I should give it a try.
He had their burgers and thought it was good, but never tried their breakfast dishes.
So I drove all the way from south Philly in the freezing cold and snowy weather just for this place. Was it worth it? I thought it was.
My friend got here before I did, so he got seated first and ordered their coffee. I didn't order the coffee cause he didn't think it was good.
I noticed that the menu has Acai bowl. I was really tempted to order that because the first and last time I had an Acai bowl was back in 2014 while I was in Cali. I thought it was really good. Since I came back to Philly, I've been looking for a place that serves it. I opted out of ordering that because I wanted something with more  protein and would fill me up. An acai bowl would be nice to have as a snack. 
I ended up ordering the breakfast sausage tacos. My friend ordered the Front Street Benedict.
I thought my dish was really good. The flavor was well balanced.  Whereas my friend dish was just OK. I didn't think there was anything special. The hollandaise sauce could have been better. I thought it lacks flavor. 
I'll definitely come back to this place again to get their Acai bowl.This was a lovely spot, located at the edge of Northern Liberties and Fishtown. If you get off the El train at Girard, the cafe is at a few hundred feet down at the next intersection. Perfectly convenient to get to and from.
It doubles as a coffee shop and full-blown restaurant. They have a wide selection of beverages at the coffee shop including health smoothies and several kinds of chai. 
The coffee shop area out front was very small in comparison to the rest of the restaurant and there were hardly any chairs. Typically they have a second floor area that coffee shop customers may use that is large and cozy, however when I went, the upstairs was reserved for a private party. 
The reason I'm giving only 4 stars is not because we weren't able to utilize the upstairs, but because the area out front was so small and employees didn't make any gesture to accommodate all the people that were coming in for coffee, despite the fact that there was hardly anyone in the restaurant. There was a small cove of tables and chairs in the restaurant section that could have easily been opened up to accommodate coffee patrons, but nothing was offered.My boyfriend and I wandered in here before a show at KFN. The bartenders, Virginia and Ross, were SO informative and friendly. The tap list was great, and the cocktails were innovative and delicious. The atmosphere was friendly and the music was not distracting. I can't wait to try the food, which has TONS of vegan options clearly stated and sound delicious. I am so happy I stumbled upon this gem, highly recommend, and can't wait to return. So glad it came to my neighborhood!I was so close to giving this place 5 stars, but the service held me back.  I walked in and it took a couple minutes for someone to acknowledge that I wanted to be seated, so I ended up just getting food at the coffee bar and sitting by the window.  It was a great view, so it ended up working out.  I had the Oatmeal Porridge which is SO good!  Fruit, creamy oatmeal, and some great cream sauce make it a sweet, but not too sweet, breakfast.  The coffee is Counter Culture which is popular in Philly, but I just think it's too earthy.  I'm a La Columbe kinda guy.
I can see why this place has become the new Fishtown hotspot.  I will be back!I bought a "Chipotle Potato" soup and not only was it only filled up roughly 70% of the way, but it is horrible. There are no pieces of potato or anything of substance in the "soup" and they charged me $6. Horrible!!First time going here and I gotta say I was a bit impressed. I called in a few times to ask about the menu and was so glad Ryan always answered and was very helpful. It's unfortunate that Yelp doesn't really tell all the menu options that this place has to offer. If you're like me and a bit of a skeptic, breathe a sigh of relief for this place is truly a hipster gem full of yummy food for brunch, lunch and dinner! Woo-hoo!!! Trust me, it's not just coffee, crumpets and smoothies. 
For my first time, I took it easy and went the safe route... Or so I thought. I ordered the buffalo cauliflower because it was gluten free and vegan and had rave reviews on Yelp. Though it was light & tasty, it was very, very, EXTREMELY, super, duper hot-- to my friend & I at least. But thank God for the lovely server Tabitha (think that's her name) who was super cool & helpful by giving me more pickled cucumber dipping sauce and water to help cool my burning mouth! Overall, I had a nice evening of good food, great vibes and a lotta laughs from friends. I would definitely try coming back to try out the brunch menu. I Highly recommend anybody looking for a cool place to kick it with friends and enjoy a rustic hipster ambience with good food to try this place out! P.S. My carnivore friend ordered the beef burger and gobbled it up so fast his shirt asked for seconds! Lol.Bad service from the hostess and manager. The food here is always amazing and had gluten free options which is nice, however my last experience really turned me off. We waited almost 2 hours when they said it was going to be an hour because the hostess cancelled our reservation by accident even though after the hour we checked with her multiple times when our table would be ready. She gave us a lot of attitude when she realized she messed up and never apologized for the wait. We asked to speak with the manager, she gave us a round of drinks which was nice but also didn't apologize and just defended the hostess's mistake of deleting the reservation instead of apologizing for us waiting 2 hours.My colleague and I were looking for a place to get together to catch up. I live in NJ and she's in the suburbs of Philadelphia. We didn't want to meet in Center City and have to deal with expensive parking. So this was exactly 30 minutes for each of us.
My requirements for nourishing my body are yummy and healthy! This was a yes and heck yes!
I got the Chicken Salad Sandwich (sans brioche bun) and a side salad with the Carrot Ginger dressing. That was paired with the Ginger Citrus Iced tea. I ate all of it. Every last morsel. 
We sat outside because the weather was so nice. Now that I think of it, I didn't swat away one bug. Hmmm.....not sure how they accomplished that.  The simplicity of the menus, the rustic decor all made for a great meal.
There was a lot just down the street. $5 for 3 hours (3 hours was the lowest option) or if you get there early enough and the parking angels are with you, you might get a free street spot.
I would definitely go back again and recommend to friends. There are a few other items on the menu that look worth trying.The place looks beautiful inside and the decor is cool. I went with my mom, sister, and friend before a concert last night and we didn't have a good experience. The waiter was very nice. The food took very long to get to our table. My mom said her veggie sandwich was good but she was throwing up last night from it. The chicken tenders were so burnt I stopped eating them. We didn't have time to ask for a new order because we were running late for the concert and it took long the first time. The loaded potato wedges sound amazing but they have this nasty sweet chili on them with cinnamon in it. I'm allergic to cinnamon and my stomach was burning all night with heart burn. The waiter was nice enough to take it off the bill no questions asked. The buffalo collie lower was good but not good enough to bring me back for food that made us all sick. My friend almost didn't make it to the bathroom when we were at the concert. Maybe we'll go back for a drink.The food is really good, the place is really cute, but the environment could be better. None of the waitstaff really smiles, the bartender is on the go rarely making eye contact. She makes me feel like I'm visiting my estranged aunt who really doesn't want me over and is going through the semi polite motions. The other bartender whose been there is super sweet and nice. Love the food, but tired of playing Russian Roulette with the service. Also when you pay $3.00 a coffee you shouldn't have to beg to get another cup. Guess it's time to try new places.Great food and service. The bartender (Ross) crafted a great coffee cocktail even though it wasn't on the menu. He gave us great service, thanks.So delicious! Their outside terrace is so cute and so nice in the summer. We came here for breakfast two days in a row -- that's how good it was! The food was fresh, the service perfect... love!Awesome food but the service is disgustingly bad. A bunch of us were waiting for service while we had small infants and no one took care of us, not even water. It took 45 minutes for them to notice and by that time we were ready to peace out. Too bad, the kitchen and the baristas are five stars, but the servers are zero stars. Hope a change comes soon.Very quaint and cozy.  Love the ambiance and the food was amazing.  My salmon was cooked to perfection and it was moist and delicious.  My friend and I shared desserts and although I was never a big fan of Crème Brûlée, they won me over.  Wait staff was very knowledgeable about the menu and very pleasant and attentive.  Looking forward to another visit.This place came highly recommended for their brunch and Bloody Mary. I should have gone for that. Stopped in for lunch and ordered the Tostada Grain Bowl and my Dad had the dry aged burger. After a (very long) wait, my bowl was disappointing, dads burger was ok. I'll update my review bc I would like to come back for breakfast/brunch, but lunch was overpriced and food was sub par.I am writing about a poor experience at this café on Saturday afternoon (April 23).  Firstly, our server never came to greet us, and when the hostess walked by, she noticed and sent her over. Once there, she informed us no one told her we were her table.  Next, we ordered the Acai Bowl, which is mostly banana whip.  I have worked in restaurants that served whip, have a whip machine at home, and had this dish there in the past so I know there was absolutely no banana in it. When the server asked us how it was, I politely told her there was no banana.  She said she would check with the kitchen and when she returned, told us there was indeed banana in it.  But then, a bus boy came to our table and told us the "recipe changed" (even though it is the same on the menu) after hearing our conversation. But finally, we overheard another server at the table right next to us tell that couple to be aware that the café has been out of bananas and could not make smoothies, etc. Wow!  We could not believe we were lied to.  And we were still charged for it!
It just got worse.  We waited a long time for our food, and when it finally came out, it was not what we ordered.  We waited some time again, and a second round of dishes came out  - not our food. We could not believe it (neither could the table next to us).  When we finally got our food, over an hour later, it was cold as if it was just sitting in the kitchen.  Once again, nothing was taken off our bill and the waitress even said to us upon leaving "lord, I feel like this café wronged you both in every way today - I do hope you will give us another try sometime." Not even a manager came over to apologize...
And to follow up, I emailed the restaurant directly about this bad experience before posting and have yet to hear anything back...This place is awesome! I've been here multiple times for breakfast and lunch and still have yet to find something that I haven't enjoyed. Even the cocktails are extremely tasty and well-crafted. Not to mention the layoff and design of the place is really nice. You can tell the owners took no short cuts when they put the restaurant together. It reminds me of a place you would walk into next to Rittenhouse Park. Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area, you won't be disappointed.Brunch 7 days a week! Do I need to say more. I went with my daughter (19) who can be a picky eater. We settled on the banana acai fruit bowl and the lean green pancakes. Both plates were delicious. Casey, our server was very pleasant. She was excited that the restaurant was finally open and anxious for what the future holds there. The restaurant was very spacious with beautiful counter tops, exposed brick and reclaimed wood everywhere. I loved how the bathroom stalls were made of old doors.... Brilliant! I look forward to returning and trying more of the menu items.
Welcome to the neighborhood!A nice new spot for the Fishtown/Kensington area. The interior is great and feels very spacious. Plenty of windows and natural light which make it great for a brunch spot. The staff were all super friendly. The food was delicious. There's also a big outdoor patio area and seating on the side with a bar, which will be nice to check out when it warms up outside. It's a little pricey, but nothing too ridiculous. I'd recommend trying it at some point.Buffalo cauliflower....that is all. This joint is really great for vegans, vegetarians, meat eaters, and everything in between. I'm vegan and my fiance is a meat eater so this place is easily becoming one of our favorite spots. Make a reservation on the weekend though.  Other great items- avo toast, the tostada, vegan spinach artichoke dip, lentil chili, and all of their juices. So fresh and delicious. Very cool atmosphere.Probably my first trip to fish town area for lunch.  It was little tricky to find a parking space, and I hated cobblestone pavement on the front street. 
The place had a nice and clean interior design.  The trains that ran right next to the restaurant did not bother me much. Hence good sound insulation. 
I had a Buffalo Cauliflower and a fried chicken sandwich.  The cauliflower was one of the best I ever had.  Given that I do not like cauliflowers, it was surprisingly good.  It also went well with my dark amber beer. Yes, they had a nice selection of draft beers.
Chicken sandwich was good also, may be not the best, but there was nothing to conplain. 
I will come back in spring when weather will be nice enough to sit outside.This review is for people with food allergies. I often go here to get drinks and enjoy the lovely patio, and recently decided to try the food to see if I could have it. I have severe tree nut and sunflower seed/oil allergies so I'm very careful about eating out. The server was really good about checking ingredients with the chef and there were no incidents with the food. If you or your child has a food allergy, this place is great!When you walk into Front street you stop, take it all in, and proceed to the counter.  The space is beautiful, the staff is friendly, and the offerings are very versatile.
You can pop in for coffee and a snack, for a fresh juice to sip inside or take with you to go, you can have breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, or a late night at the bar, or you can simply just share a meal, any meal, with a friend in their delightful dining room upstairs.
The menu offerings are as varied as their hours and meal options.  They have an inventive, hearty and whole foods based take on American favorites, entrees and bar snacks.  They focus on taking a new fresh look at the American dishes we know and love, and they do a tremendous job at it.
The menu reflects the owners great care in sourcing ingredients, keeping things fresh, local, sustainable and ethically made.  You will not find junky food here but you will find battered cauliflower buffalo wings that will fill your junk food craving.  You'll also find nachos made from plants that will make you think twice about everything you've ever had covered in queso. You'll find hearty entrees like a take on a "hen of the woods" (spoiler alert: it's not a hen), and really if you want to eat meat too - it's there for you, but really give the vegan stuff a look, you won't be disappointed. 
Good food, prepared well, has a price tag.  And this place has their food priced well for the quality and atmosphere. 
I can only say one thing:  this establishment looks like the creators put a lot of hard work, thought, effort, and love into building this. 
I can't wait to eat here again!I haven't had a really good "Crab Cake" in a while so I decided to order the jumbo lump crab cakes and I must say there was actual crab meat and not the imitation crab most places use.The food was fantastic- the harvest salad was delicious, the large plate pastas were beautiful and full of tasty fresh ingredients. Their cappuccinos are quite good, but the lemon tart was the best thing ever. I want to eat it every day forever. The waitress was wonderful and very kind. I have a food allergy and she double checked on everything to make sure it was safe for me. 
The only downside was that it was very cold. It may not be a fair assessment though because we went when it was absurdly cold out.Small portions, expensive, sub par food. I came in and sat outside for brunch. I ordered a 9 dollar glass of orange juice. After informing the server that there was a BUG in my glass, he responded "Ill get you another half glass of orange juice". One of the rudest servers I have ever had. The place itself was super cute and trendy but definitely will not be back after his service.Great spot for brunch! Chipotle hash and bananas foster pancakes were great!! Not a long wait. They told us 30 mins but were able to seat us in 10. The waitstaff super friendly. Some great drinks on the brunch menu. Stuck with the old faithful Bloody Mary. But would come back to try some of the others. Highly recommend.First time here yesterday and I loved it! 
My boyfriend and I were in need of a somewhat healthy but delicious brunch before a long day of activities, so I knew it was the perfect opportunity to give this place a try.
The restaurant is set up with a juice/coffee bar in the front, seating in the back, and more seating upstairs/outside. We were seated upstairs next to the window and I loved the feel of the space. Our waiter came over shortly after and took our drink orders. Both my boyfriend and I were impressed with the draft list as well as the inventive cocktail and fresh juice options. I opted for a macha latte with almond milk and my boyfriend got an ipa on draft. My latte was absolutely delicious - one of the best I have ever had. It was perfectly sweet and the macha flavor wasn't too overwhelming.  Definitely coming back just for this!
Most of the food items cater to vegetarian/vegan diners, but they do offer meats to satisfy the carnivores as well. My boyfriend went with the sausage breakfast tacos and I ordered the acai bowl. The acai bowl was really delicious and came with some granola and fruit on top to add an nice textural element. My boyfriend enjoyed his tacos as well. Prices are a tad on the high side, though.
I will definitely be coming back!Cool spot for vegans & non-vegans to dine together & have an equally enjoyable experience.The building itself was very cool. My group sat outside and the seating, setting, and service were all great great. I'm rating 2-stars for the food. The burger was dry, with too much sauce piled on. The chicken fingers were also dry.Have stopped by this place for coffee a few times on my way to work.  I find myself purchasing some of their to-go food items each time as well!  And each time I am not disappointed.  The coffee is great, the parfaits are delicious, their pastries are to die for, and all the other to-go lunch foods I have tried have been healthy and wonderful.
Overall, this place has a great look and feel and I will be back again morning after morning.I consider Front Street Cafe one of the establishments synonymous with the Fishtown renaissance. Delicious vegan options abound, and the happy hour specials are enticing. We stopped in to enjoy their cauliflower appetizer which is delightful with its dusting of breading and sriracha coating. The savory duck entree really fit the bill as a scrumptious dinner option. (I really meant to say that--I wasn't winging it. Maybe I have a second career that's about to take flight? (You must think I'm a quack by now.)) You have to try happy hour while sitting in their outdoor space amidst their pleasant lighting surrounded by tall bamboo, succulents and stonecrop. We have never had a bad experience here.