only giving 3 stars because the products taste good - if you ever get them. I stopped in Saturday around 3, it was slow. maybe three / four tables and no one waiting at the counter. I asked for the avocado smoothie with 2 energy shots (which was $2 up charge. that's fine) order a panini as well go go and sat waiting about 20 minutes before even getting the "smoothie". I get handed my drink .. which is a Luke warm drink, 100% liquid. not a smoothie at all. it had chunks of avocado in it still and about 8 ice cubes. a girl next to me was handed the same thing, because they we're blended together. I did not receive the 2 energy shots I paid for .. or my money back. and by the time I got my sandwich I almost walked out because I was late for work. sandwich was good but I was annoyed by the time I got it.There's a reason they have the worst fuel rating of all locations. They mess orders up, they are not accommodating, and it takes over 2 hrs to get food delivered 4 blocks away. Also, the presentation of the food is always awful.I want to like Fuel. I've been a bunch of times because it's close to work and healthy. I love that they display the calorie count on all of their food items.
However the decor is cheesy, the curtains look like they came from a prop shop from a high school and the ambiance is comparable to an 80s discotheque.
The service is fair. There have been times when I've been attended to and other times where I've waited at the counter for five minutes because the cashier was just hanging out with the dudes at the grill.
There are healthier and more efficient places in the area to go to.The world needs more food establishments like this. Healthy and surprisingly filling selection of guilt free deliciousness.Fuel has a great concept. 
I've gotten take out here a few times and I've been satisfied both times.  Its a great option on more of the healthy side.  
People should really read the menu before they go ordering crazy thinking everything is crazy good for you.  Keep in mind wraps and such are not added to the caloric count on the menu (gotta read the fine print!)
The music and the videos on the television are kinda strange but I'm here for the food so I don't pay much mind to that. 
Overall I really like it here for a quick, reasonable healthy option.  I'm excited for the Arch street location to finally open.  Does anyone know when that is going to be?
Plus - Fuel is right by 12th street gym so good meal option afterwards.
Minus - Fuel is not open at their other center city location (on Arch) (near my work/apt)I have eaten here several times, and everytime I have got great tasting fresh food! The paninis are excellent and they can veganise anything on their menu, without compromising the taste. Service is very prompt as well. Very consistent and great tasting food!Fuel is awesome. The kale salad keeps me coming back over and over. The relaxed atmosphere is perfect. my server today was top notch. Sorry I can't remember her name but she's a school teacher and works at restaurant pt. She helped recommend a drink and said if I didn't like it she would make me something else. She was very attentive without being over bearing and made my dining experience great.I have yet to find a smoothie I didn't enjoy. Do yourself a favor and order a Green Tea Matcha. For the gym rats out there, the options with added protein taste quite good.
I can't comment on the food offerings because I have not tried them yet but I will say the service is great and the workers at the register always have a smile on their faces. Some of that may be attributed to the enjoyably eclectic playlist blasting music throughout the shop.I wanted to get take-out from the area and was feeling something healthy and light. My first experience at Fuel when I got a sandwich was pretty good so I thought why not give it another try!?!
I got two orders -it was a busy day for me so I wanted to save the 2nd order for dinner :) I got the Shrimp and Avocado Salad for lunch. I was not a fan of this. I would give 2 stars for this. The lemon vinaigrette dressing had no flavor. It tasted like an "appetizer dressing" rather than a "lunch dressing" if you get what I mean.... The salad overall was lacking in flavor as well. I added craisins, sunflower seed, and feta chesse at home when I was halfway done. The avocadaos were not fresh either. I was so disappointed in this salad and will never get it again. 
However, the Grilled chicken in a wheat wrap was decent. I think the balsamic reduction gave the wrap a nice end to the taste. The chicken was tender, artichokes were slightly salty but came in an abundant amount, I could not taste the tomato spread that  much..but the wrap was nicely wrapped and my dinner did not end up messy. 
So the overall vibe I get from Fuel everytime I come here for food or drinks...it's very unique. I like it b/c I don't feel like I swallowed a hamburger and feel gross. You'll def feel light and healthy after a full meal, but I am never fully satisfied b/c there's no good grasp to the taste. Will I ever go back again? Yes most likely-but I will keep on ordering something different until I find that GOOD meal !Oh my gosh, this place conned me into believing they sold Acai bowls for cheap. What they gave me was not a real acai bowl. The acai base was icy and tasted like high fructose corn syrup. There wasn't any trace of real acai in the bowl. It was like a slurpee but with fruit on it. Gross! Don't lie to your customers! You should go to a place that sells real acai bowls and taste the difference!Now don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoy a healthy lunch option in Center City as much as the next person. I even get, dare I say, excited. So when my friend Kait suggested Fuel for lunch today, after a quick peek at the menu, I was all for it. First looks at the place; funky décor, calorie conscience meals, hipster staff.... All signs pointed to a pleasurable experience. Until I got back to work with my food. Firstly, if spending $17.50 on a Greek Salad and starter of Hummus was hard enough to swallow, to come to the realization that they are not being 100% truthful about their calories and that their portions are completely off sent me off the Yelp edge.
Issue #1: The salad. The calorie count on the salads is BEFORE the dressing (which everyone knows is the lions' share of calories in a salad anyway). Not to mention they give you a GIANT amount of dressing. This would be fine, IF they disclosed that on the menu OR told you how many calories is in their standard dressing portion. Which they don't. Which makes me angry. The only way I know it is before the dressing is that the 2 large cubes of Feta (75 cals an oz) on my Greek salad alone is darn close the 200 calories total that they give you. Add the heaping portion of vinaigrette they gave me, which definitely had olive oil in it (another 119 cals/tbsp). 200 cals? Sorry, try again.
Issue #2: The hummus. Now I LOVE hummus. I eat it, I make it, I put it on anything that I can possibly imagine to put it on. So when I saw the 375 calories total they had given it I knew that HAD to be including the pita that they served with it. I know from an obscene amount of personal hummus consumption that your run-of-the-mill, store-bought, not-even-trying-to-be-healthy hummus is, on average, 60-80 cals per 2 tbsp serving. Knowing this, I opted for the vegetable option instead of the pita to shave some cals off that hefty 375 number. I was totally jazzed because there is nothing I love more than a slice of cucumber with a dollop of hummus and it's surprisingly hard to find places that give a veggie option. Much to my surprise what I got was a BOWL of hummus, 3 cucumber slices, and 3 red pepper strips. Which means 2 things: 1) The 375 number is before the pita (which again they don't disclose or tell you how many calories is in their pita) and 2) someone doesn't understand what a healthy portion of hummus is (which is just a tad important).  
So if you are serious about counting calories I might skip this place or at least know that you have to add a good 100 calories to anything you eat here to be safe. For me, I think if you are going to pose as a health conscience establishment, have a conscience to start with.  Fool me once....I've been here a number of times for lunch and for dinner.  The atmosphere has a nice modern vibe and the staff is always friendly.  The last time I was here, my dinner companion and I ordered the guac and salads.  Both were excellent !  While they keep the meals healthy and the calories low, the food is still really pretty good.  I've had the smoothies a couple of times as well and wasn't disappointed.  I will definitely be back!So I stopped in last night after work, pre-meeting. It was hot and humid and the beginning of yet another heatwave. I couldn't handle actually eating anything because of the heat and wanted something refreshing to get me through my meeting.  I ordered a smoothie to go from a somewhat sullen server and ultimately decided on the Detox.  Blech--it was awful. First of all when I read the ingredients: berries, pomegranate, etc., I actually thought I'd see these ingredients go into a blender. instead, the server took a  big jug out of the refrigerator and poured a premixed liquid into a machine with ice.  My drink came out with ice cubes still visible. It was basically a sickly sweet drink over ice--nothing I couldn't have picked up at a 7/11.  $5 plus tax and I could barely drink half it was so cloying.
I would give the food a try because it does sound good but the smoothies--yuck.I won't be back. 
We went post work out thinking where better to refuel than Fuel, right? We were greeted by the most miserable waitress ever, no introduction, no name, just "Sit here" and "You ready?". I have never really experienced anything like it, she sort of reminded me of Wednesday Adams so maybe that was her problem, she was dead or something. The TVs had some weird music videos on when the Sixers were playing in the playoffs. Just did not make a lot of sense. 
The food was probably 3 stars. We had guacamole with corn. It tasted like basic guacamole with corn. Nothing special but nothing bad. After our wraps were thrown on the table, yes thrown, I knew this place's food was just average. The wraps took forever and I am fairly certain they aren't carving up a fresh turkey every time someone orders one. I got the Roasted Turkey wrap and would have preferred a Wawa hoagie. The tortilla and turkey weren't fresh and it was loaded with cheap pesto. I don't know if they are trying to be healthy, but healthy food DOES NOT have to taste bad. 
I would not recommend to anyone, even with the Yelp discount (you can get $20 worth of food for $15). The only healthy part is they display the calorie count and don't serve basically anything fried. You can eat healthy elsewhere if you order wisely.The menu here is a simple approach to vegetarian cafe food. Plenty of smoothies, juices, salads and sandwiches for you to peruse and ponder. The place is spacious inside with high ceilings and offers some outdoor seating. The staff has some knowledge of the menu, but concerns like vegan and gluten-free may receive short shrift.  If all you care about is vegetarian food, you'll be fine.
It's nice to have a great big menu, but it would be nicer if the staff were more knowledgeable. It's nice that there are a lot of smoothies and juices with unique blends, and it's great to have size choice! It's great to have fresh ingredients and healthful options.
It's a decent and reasonably healthful place to dine, but I can see why some people find the pricing too high or the service less than stellar. I would go back if hungry for a quick bite, but I would not go back expecting Michelin star dining or service by any measure. Think cafe-style all around, and you'll be fine.I've had both good and bad experiences here. Normally I will go here for brunch (most likely influenced by a groupon).. The food seems like it should be good, but sometimes small oversights bring it down. One that stands out is wraps that are served wet on the bottom. 
That being said, it is worth a shot if you are getting a deal.I have visited this restaurant twice. The first time I enjoyed the South Philly panini which was quite good and filling. It came with some arugula as well. However, I paid extra for sweet potato fries and I was not a fan. They were not at all crispy and sort of limp. The second time I had the falafel burger. This was edible, but very strange. The falafel tasted like cinnamon oatmeal had just been poured onto bread. There was no crispy coating or falafel seasoning. I know they have calorie constraints but it was just not good. I also had a smoothie and that I found quite delicious. So, if you go, have the smoothie and a panini--an inexpensive healthy option in CC.Hate to do this because I've always been a loyal customer, but was in there yesterday on June 25th 2018. It was HOT out and even hotter inside the restaurant. No fans running, no AC on. I asked twice for the fans/air to be turned on and the help said they "would ask". Whoever they asked didn't care what we though, there were three in our party and we were all roasting.Completely obsessed with the Protein Buster shake (290-340 Cals. 5 points) - Skim milk, Peanut Butter, Banana, Honey, & 25g. Whey Protein.
You won't find anything else as peanut-buttery and delicious for under 300 calories - which is why I return nearly every other day for this tasty treat!I've been ordering from Fuel for a long time (even defended my loyalty to others who had long ago given up ordering due to the inconsistent food quality) and over the last year or so I've noticed a steady decrease in the consistency and quality of my order. I always order the ridiculously delicious kale salad (add grilled chicken) and have to say that unfortunately that title no longer holds true--it is the ridiculously sad kale salad. The salad I received yesterday only half filled the container with wilted kale. Additionally, the chicken portion could barely qualify as a portion and was cubed into meager bites.I'm giving FUEL a solid 4 stars because they've recognized a severely under served market here in Philadelphia. My favorites in this category back home in San Francisco were Boxed Foods and Mixt Greens. Check out their websites and you'll see what I mean.  Relatively affordable, tasty, HEALTHFUL food options. Honestly, can people please recommend where I can get salads with fresh, varied ingredients? Don't say Cosi... And I don't want to pay $20 for take-out at a stephen starr restaurant. From Fuel, I had the shrimp, avocado spinach salad which was delicious and filling. All options are supposed to be around/under 500 (depends if they counted the wrap and if you got one) - but who's counting anyway! The ambience of the place is a little dim and could be better - it doesn't scream fresh...just neon orange? Next time, I'm dying to try the whipped banana with nutella and strawberries. Apparently it's just a frozen banana, whipped...so it's like ice cream?! But without the guilt, in case you had any.Fuel is a good place for healthy fast food. For lunch my boyfriend and I ordered an assortment of things (probably too much for 2 people, but we were indecisive). We got the shrimp and avocado salad (way too much spinach and not much else. Won't be ordering this again). The guacamole with goat cheese and chips (very yummy and a good snack), the  roasted turkey (my bfs pick, not bad, but I would like to try the grilled chicken next time), and the chicken lettuce wraps (my favorite of all the things we ordered. Spicy and fresh tasting). I also appreciated that the calories for fuel were listed on myfitnesspal, which was really helpful too! It's right around the corner from me and always seems to offer groupons and other deals, so I'll be back to try more.Gave this place another shot after bad experience. Unfortunately, my experience was just as bad. We ordered delivery (the restaurant is 2 blocks away). The food took over an hour to arrive. When it did, it was descheveled and looked like it was shaken up. The taste of food was gross, there were 2 kidney beans in my salad (there were not supposed to be any beans).  The juice was good, but that's about it.Purchased a Groupon on a whim, knowing I would be visiting Philly, and so glad I did!  The TBM with Chicken is super fresh and really flavorful.  I had it as a panini and my friend had it as a wrap-both delicious-both sandwiches came with a side of greens and salad dressing.  Smoothies were good as well.  The decor is simple, the restaurant crowded, but take-out is really quick. Our experience was enhanced by a little "tif" between two waiters fighting over who got to put their order into the register first. The exchange was a little appalling at first, but rather hysterical. Definitely plan to return to Fuel on my next visit to Philadelphia.Hi Rocco,
You were actually the manager on staff the evening of my catered delivery. Your day manager, Ashley, must have matched my review with my order since she called me shortly after posting it on yelp. 
I returned her call and left a message. 
I will be happy to update and change my review if this is settled.I've been ordering from here since it opened because the food is delicious but portions are not big enough, leaves me wanting a little more to eat. I decided to try a latte today for a little caffeine kick and it was a bullcrap latte-tasted like the powdered crap you push a button for at Wawa and at $4.50 I found that really offensive- prob won't order from here any more out of principle.Lunch time on a Sunday afternoon and we found this place. Loved the fresh concept and the rice bowl offerings were great!  We even came home from this trip trying to recreate the tofu bowl I had there.  The service was good as well.  The long set up was odd but very Philly with a single serve restroom.Wholesome meals without having to break the bank. The hummus and lettuce wraps are heavenly. They're constantly working on new dishes which is always exciting, hello less than 300 calorie cannoli!  The menu is vegan and gluten-free friendly which is a plus in my book. They are also okay with bringing your own booze. FUEL is relatively new and still working out the kinks but you got to have faith in new restaurants with strong concepts. We'll definitely be back ;)Great tasting food full flavor and fresh this was my first visit. I'll be back to try other dishes. If you are walking by open the door and come on in.The food is ok, but closer to bad than good, and the calorie count is the same for wraps and sandwiches which means something appears off, unless they fixed that. The owner is rude, unprofessional, and treated my friend and I like hoodlums trying to rob him because his waiter input our unused groupon number incorrectly. I'll never be back her again.i always get the same thing..the turkey burger!! it's so good :) Add the sweet potato fries and it's delicious. The staff seemed a but overwhelmed, but they'll willing to help. Once you try this place, you'll be addicted!This is my new favorite lunch spot! All the dishes are under 500 calories and they mark the calories next to each item on the menu. 
You can eat in, get take out, or delivery. I usually get take out which is super fast. However I have eaten in the restaurant several times. Once we requested to be outside because our friend had a puppy and they were super accommodating. The staff here is all friendly I've yet to encounter a rude or lazy person. 
The prices are great too. Every time I go I get the chicken lettuce wraps. You wouldn't think so but they fill you up and they taste great. Be warned they are a little spicy which I love. 
The decor is cool I guess it's like a space theme I'm horrible at describing that stuff. I come here dressed casually and sometimes in my workout clothes straight from the gym. 
My only suggestion would be for them to 
Get a soda machine..I know it's not healthy but I would eat in more often.I'm giving Fuel one star not for the food (I haven't tasted my take-out yet), but for the service. I placed an order over the phone and told them it was for pick up. The woman told me it would be ready in five minutes. I was a bit surprised but headed over to get my lunch. I got there after approximately seven minutes and not surprisingly, though disappointingly, it was not ready. I waited five minutes, then 10 minutes, only getting a bit annoyed when a woman who walked in and placed an order after I was already there received her take-out as I kept sitting. I got up and asked what the issue was since I was told five minutes, telling them I wasn't so concerned with how long it was taking but more concerned with the fact that I was told one thing and sure enough it was another. The man said he didn't know I was there in a rather surly tone. I told him that clearly SOMEONE  knew I was there, as I shifted my eyes to the woman behind the register who I approached upon arriving giving her my name and what I had ordered. Disappointing service to say the least.This is one of my boyfriend and I's go-to spots when we are feeling too lazy to cook but still want a healthy, filling  and inexpensive meal. 
Anything on the menu can be vegan-ized, which is a huge plus. It's also BYOB.Found this place through Groupon since we were in Philly for the holiday weekend and as a vegan my options are limited to asian/indian food.  Nice and trendy lay out with The Cure playing in the background and free WiFi.  Wish they'd open one up in DC/Northern Virginia.  I like the fact that anything on the menu can be modified to your needs, whether vegan, weight conscious, bread or no bread, etc.  It was a bit confusing but I settled on the roasted veggie on a wheat wrap, and chose to replace the ricotta with tofu.  It came with fresh spring greens tossed with balsamic vinaigrette, but still I found it to be a bit bland. I asked if they had any mustard or extra vinegar and they said they don't carry any side sauces like mustard or ketchup in order to keep calorie counts down.  I thought mustard was like 5 calories per serving?  I understand the whole ketchup thing since it's full of sugar, but I didn't ask for ketchup. Regardless, the waitress was generous and offered me a side of berry vinaigrette, which gave it more of a flavor. I suppose I'm used to spicy Indian and Thai food so regular American food just doesn't do it for me anymore.  My husband's food was "meh" in his own words; the Thai Chicken.  Like me, he said his food didn't have much of a flavor.  Guess I'll go back to my Asian hang outs for now....2 Stars 
My friend and I came here after walking around the city looking for somewhere to eat a quick, healthy lunch.  This place was marketed as having all the menu items under 500 calories but with good flavor.  I was interested to see if that was possible considering that most seasonings are not that healthy.
Decor:
The restaurant had a very strange layout with a juice bar right at the entrance and then a long hallway on the left side where most people were seated.  There were way too many AC vents right above the tables, so it was very cold and the napkins kept blowing away.  Overall, the restaurant was pretty clean, but the format was super strange and somewhat off-putting.
Food:
I ordered a Mexican bowl with avocados, the chicken costed $2 more which is ridiculous.  My friend got the grilled cheese, which seemed to be pretty popular.  My bowl was super bland, and when I asked for hot sauce, they didn't have any.  Even though they were trying to be healthy, it didn't taste very good and was pretty dry.  Not very impressed with my food.  The grilled cheese was more flavorful and juicy but it would have been better with some bacon of more types of cheese.  There was a side salad but it didn't have any dressing and was pointless.  While trying to be healthy and under 500 calories, the food definitely reflected that because it lacked flavor and taste.
Service:
Along with the boring food and freezing environment, the service was terrible.  After we ordered the food in a timely manner, the server never came back to ask us if we needed anything.  I had to wait almost 15 minutes to ask for hot sauce, which they didn't even have.  When we were done eating, we had to walk around the restaurant to find the server.  She seemed very uninterested in her job and annoyed that she had to do something.
Overall, very unimpressed by everything.  The healthy motto doesn't mean that flavor should be sacrificed.  The restaurant was super cold and the workers were not sharp.  Don't come here.False advertising! A bunch of us went there for lunch, and after being surprised that the food was under 500 calories, the waitress informed us that only the ingredients used in our sandwiches were under 500 calories. The entire lunch was probably well over! For a place that is directly advertising this low cal menu, it was very disappointing. It also took us about 90 min to dine because the service was so slow!Well done!
-I didn't have the best experience the first time around at fuel, but upon the 2nd and 3rd visit, they did a great job
-The food was much better than my first visit and the options were very healthy
-I was a big fan of the sweet potato fries that come with the burger!
-The grilled cheese was also great as well, I enjoyed both dishes equally well
-The value here of price and healthy, clean food is superb! You will leave having eating a healthy meal without breaking the bank!
-Kudos to Fuel for taking the feedback and implementing it! A business that actually listens and cares!This place is so much bigger inside than it seems from the outside; has a nice airy, coffee-house-y feel with nice bright walls, a good amount of seating, high ceiling. I'm not into the gym feeling of their logo and whatnot, but I get it.
The traffic on Walnut is a bit much for me to enjoy sitting outside, but the people-watching is prime and they'll serve you at the outside tables, which is nice. We've also come here with our 7 month old; they don't have high chairs but we were able to fit the stroller at a table in the front so it wasn't in the way. 
The food isn't complicated but everything we've had here was tasty and filling. My favorite so far is the fuel stacker, and I liked that you can exchange ingredients pretty easily if you want a different type of cheese, spread, etc. The lemonade was way too sweet.Love, Love, Love!!!!!   Ordered a grill chicken gluten free panini and fell in love!!! What's even better? Everything is under 500 cal!! This is the perfect place for a bread/wrap loving people with Celiac's! GLUTEN FREE paninis/wraps?!?!?! !! Didnt know any place that served that! EVERYTHING is so FRESH!!! I will def be eating here for the rest of my week in Philly! :)One of my co-workers told me about this joint but I never got around to checking it out until I spent a weekend in Philly. Glad I did - great breakfast. Had the South Philly Frittata and a protein shake. Both equally great. The only thing better was the gal who waited on me. Wish I remembered her name because she was awesome - great personally and treated me like I was family.Came here for lunch with my mom yesterday since she had a Groupon that was expiring the end of April. I've passed this place a hundred plus times but never went in, so this was a great chance to try something new. The hosts in the front were very nice and gave us a table by the window (sunny and gorgeous out, so, well done hosts). I'm not going to lie, as I first looked over the menu, I was a bit confused - everything can be made into a salad/wrap/sandwich/flatbread?! The answer is, basically, yes, which is fantastic for a wide range of people. 
We were given a while to look over the menu before our waitress appeared with waters (which was probably good since I was still figuring things out food wise), and then my mom and I were able to place our order. We decided to share the Spanish skewered shrimp, my mom got the grilled veggie (salad), and I got the Thai chicken (also as a salad). The salads were absolutely fantastic - fresh, light, and full of flavor. The shrimp was a major disappointment - far too salty, a bit on the undercooked side, and an overwhelming amount of what tasted like old bay seasoning. Aside from that, our server was super friendly, and the salads were great! Definitely worth another return trip, but make sure you order enough food, since everything is 500 calories or less!As I was eating, I couldn't believe that one of the wait staff was repeatedly wiping his nose and carrying out food without washing his hands. I saw him rinse his hands in a sink but did not use soap. Lost my appetite. I won't eat there again.I want to give this place five stars, but their delivery times are astronomical. And their minimum amount for delivery seems to change based on how busy they are, which is obnoxious.
That being said, I've never had a bad meal here, and if you're either willing to pick up or wait 1-2 hours for your food, it's definitely worth it.Decided to try this place out with a groupon, $11 for $20 worth of food. I ordered a turkey burger with sweet potato fries, and a south Philly panini to go.
The turkey burger itself is very good -- juicy, flavorful ( maybe a bit too salty if anything) but overall a good burger. The sweet potato fries were severely undercooked -- raw on the inside and I would not order that again. Based on that, I'm not sure if I'll return just out of fear of inconsistent quality in orders.Super healthy, freshly prepared food which will leave you very satisfied.
I have yet to eat anything at Fuel that I didn't absolutely love.  All of their wraps come with a side of salad with a delicious balsamic vinaigrette.  Their South Philly wrap is a must for garlic lovers.  Their hummus is some of the best I've ever had, and it is a huge portion, perfect for sharing.
The decor itself is minimalistic and bright with TVs often playing weird music videos, but overall it is unoffensive.  If you don't like the decor, you can always order delivery - it's just as good.
Fuel also almost always has some sort of deal.I'm not in love with fuel like others are.
Weekday Lunch time gets busy so expect a line and a bit of a wait.
I got a salad here that had onion, avocados, grape tomatoes, bland chicken, and lime vinaigrette and it was pretty underwhelming. 
For the price, it wasn't worth it. Nothing special.
Smoothies (more like juice) are pretty good and Friendly service though.A friend and I ate here tonight and thought the food was amazing.  However, I can't bring myself to give this place 5 stars, because the service was awful. 
The food:
The hummus was perfect - hands-down the most flavorful hummus I've ever tasted.  The serving was very generous, but didn't come with nearly enough pita.  (Be warned: they charge extra for additional pita!)  The Strawberry Spinach Salad was equally good. 
The service: 
Our waitress barely made eye contact with us, and answered questions in brusque, one-word answers.  When I asked if I could substitute feta for gorgonzola on my salad, she said "yeah" - but didn't tell me that I would be charged 50 cents for making the substitution (I found out when we received the bill).  I'm not really sure why they charge extra, since many (similarly priced) salads on the menu come with feta - but in any case, it would have been nice to be told of this charge when I placed my order.
At the end of the meal, we asked for boxes for our leftovers.  The waitress said ok, cleared away the empty dishes and all of the silverware, and returned with the check.  After a few minutes, we realized that she had completely forgotten about the leftovers.  We flagged her down and asked a second time for boxes - and she returned a minute later, wordlessly dropped them on the table, and walked away.  At that point, we realized that she hadn't left us with any silverware with which to transfer the leftover hummus and salad into the boxes.  Not wanting to bother her again, I stole a fork from a nearby empty table.
In the future, I might consider getting takeout from Fuel, but I definitely won't be returning for table service.Fuel was exactly what I expected. A hipster "green" and healthy quick meal kind of restaurant. 
The restaurant had a green and white theme and stuck to simple decor with a couple of oil pantings on the wall (kind of out of place...?) It is kind of small, so not great for large groups. I think the staff consists of only males, and there's also a hipster dude who makes free deliveries on his bike!
We ordered a chicken lettuce wrap as our appetizer, which was quite delicious. The lettuce wrap filling consisted of grilled cubed chicken, carrot shreds, peanuts, chickpeas, and sriracha sauce. For our entrees, we ordered a grilled chicken salad (with turkey breast in place of the chicken) and a chicken gorgonzola panini. The salad was pretty good, but nothing spectacular since it consisted of spring greens, artichokes, and balsamic vinaigrette. The chicken panini was delicious. The gorgonzola must've been mixed in with the pesto or something, but it was quite tasty! 
We also ordered the Zen smoothie- cucumbers, apple, and pineapple. It was refreshing and the perfect amount of sweetness. (16 oz smoothies are $4 and 20oz are $5)
Also, if you're an avid carnivore, this might not be the best place for you. Their choices in terms of meat are very limited- only chicken and turkey, I believe, and their dishes are definitely not heavily loaded with protein.
We enjoyed our experience at Fuel and I will definitely be returning to try more smoothies and maybe order another chicken lettuce wrap!I got a party tray from here for a function a few weeks ago. I got three different types of wraps - the smoked salmon, the tofu with peanut sauce, and the veggie one with eggplant and lots of other good veggies. 
The wraps were all really good. It was the first time I had eaten there let alone ordered anything, but I had heard nothing but good things about the food and the place itself.There are three friends, all of whom eat differently: a vegan, a follower of Dr. Atkins, and someone who follows the Standard American Diet.  They have one thing in common: they care about their figures.  So where do you take them for lunch in Center City? Fuel of course!
I had just this experience last Wednesday when clients were in town and found ourselves needing a place for lunch that accommodated all of our goals. We did not need to eat a lot, we did not need to spend a lot of money, we wanted a quiet atmosphere, someone wanted just vegetables, someone wanted just protein, and someone wanted something she could take home to share with her family afterward.
Everyone was pleased. I had the butternut squash soup made without dairy products, along with a grilled veggie sandwich. I was thrilled with how low the calories were.  My friend had a huge salad full of tuna, and she was able to get it without cheese and fattening dressing, making her and Dr. Atkins thrilled, I am certain.  My other friend had a huge  vegetable salad and a warm brothy tomato soup. Those items became part of her family dinner Wednesday night. 
The prices are great, the service was terrific.  It is in center city so it is convenient for commuters and walkers and bikers, but good luck with your car!  Next week we are going to Fuel on Passyunk for a comparison.  I'll let you know.....My husband and I ordered Thai chicken panini and spinach strawberry salad! It was all very good! Salad was very big and we had plenty of food to share! We felt full and fueled :-) 
The decor is a bit strange. The place has a weird floor plan, and it looks like the owner did not have a clear idea on how to decorate the place. They need to buy more fans for summer. We wanted to sit by the window, but it was extremely hot. I do not understand why they have TVs there if there is nothing interesting playing. I do not care about TV as much, but if they have it, they should have some interesting channels or maybe some info on the restaurant and healthy eating.Three coworkers and I went to lunch on the first warm, sunny spring day in Philly.  We were looking for outdoor seating, and Fuel was the place.  I didn't know much about Fuel, but I definitely had biases.  First, I thought it was a workout/gym spot for those who want "fuel" for their workouts.  False-- it's more healthy options with fairly low calorie counts.  Second, I thought it was more fast-food-esque, and it was definitely a sit down, take your order and relax atmosphere.  Last, I thought the food would be awful.  Wrong again.  It was decent.
I had the Thai Chicken sandwich with a mixed greens salad.  The salad was fine, maybe something from a bag or box, but it was well dressed and fresh.  The sandwich was a little bit of a let down as it did not have much Thai flavor (maybe a chicken with peanut sauce?), though as a panini it was cruchy, and delicious.  The daily specials looked good, and the rest of the menu seemed fair.  
Four stars for being better than expected, but one star because it's not as good as they want you to think it is, regardless if the bites are healthy or not..So most of my discretionary eating funds this summer have gone to Fuel. Both managers and staff are generally pretty friendly and helpful which is a big reason for four stars. Other than the Korean BBQ which I have repeatedly ordered, I have also tried quite a few of their smoothies and all are pretty tasty. The one disappointment was the Acai bowl; and it's the only reason I can't give them five stars. It was generally pretty flavorless. The person who made it made two at a time so perhaps the juice to ice ratio was a bit off. It just kinda tasted like nothing at all. The fresh fruit on top was fresh and tasty. If I want an Acai bowl the future I'll probably order from Igloo or elsewhere in the city. That being said, Fuel is still one of my top quick-eats lunchtime and dinner destinations as the food is overall pretty good (and consistent).It is very true that the manager did indeed comp my order, which I very much appreciate. However, he comped my order not because of the delay, but rather because I had ordered a vegan sandwich with tofu. I confirmed when I ordered it that it was vegan, and again when I picked it up. When I bit into the "vegan" sandwich...it was chicken!!! I brought it back, rightly bothered (to say the least). It was for THIS my meal was comped, as it should have been.
All that said, my sandwich, once they finally got things right, was very good. Regardless, I won't return to this Fuel.Always fast and fresh. I love being able to choose between salad or panini. Fresh juices add a nice lift to the meal. Monica is always friendly and gets us in and out quickly. Since we're usually in a hurry this is a great added bonus.I went to Fuel Center City yesterday for the first time. Their menu does have a lot of options, and most dishes come as a salad, sandwich or panini. I had the South Philly panini: chicken, spinach, roasted red peppers, provolone cheese and a garlic spread. My girlfriend had a Roasted Turkey panini. I thought they were both pretty good, and we decided before we were done eating that we'd probably be back.
The decor of the place is very strange, though. My girlfriend summed it when she said, "they're trying to cater to juiceheads when they should be trying to target yogis." The plasma tvs are playing "fuel television" which from what I saw is just shitty house music videos. The rest of the dining area has a sterile, industrial type look, I guess fitting for the gym look they're shooting for.
So the food that we had was decent, tasted pretty good, came out hot and was a reasonable portion size. The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired, but I don't really think that's why people are coming to Fuel. One last cool side note, at the end of our meal our server handed us a scratch ticket to bring back next time.. apparently all tickets are winners and only redeemable if you scratch them in front of an employee... I thought it was a clever marketing tactic and I'll be back to see what I "won".Been sitting on publishing this since last summer... but here we go.
Decided to check this place out finally, even though I've had little interest in it's low-calorie mantra since hearing about the Passyunk Ave store opening. Don't get me wrong, I like the idea of menu choices that source fresh ingredients, but don't claim on your chalkboard to use local ingredients when the tomato in my sandwich was so mealy and pale pink it's impossible it's from nearby soil. Local tomatoes in the summertime are a dime a dozen, and have a deliciously full flavor. 
The fact that James Van Der Beek recently dined there should have been enough of a red flag to get a sandwich somewhere else...
Oh, and the under 500 calories bit doesn't include the bread the sandwiches come on. Give me a break.Unlike it's South Philly site, this location wasn't dance club thundering loud, thankfully. I had the shrimp canapes as appetizer (quite nice), and a roasted turkey panini with pesto as main course. That was very good. The salad, however, had so much vinegar that I literally was gagging and coughing. Way overdone with that. My companion had the portabella panini which she enjoyed very much.
Also had the pumpkin cheesecake with walnut and pralines for dessert, which was very good also, as was my friend's key lime pie.
The waiter was very helpful, describing everything in detail. Almost too much detail. :-) Quite vegetarian and vegan friendly, and they made a point of emphasizing their gluten-free options, didn't really notice any difference with non-gluten free, which is a good sign.
I would come back..Fuel is definitely a nice, quick place in the area to grab a quick sandwich, salad, or wrap. All of the ingredients they use are delicious and fresh and I've never really had a bad experience with their food. I typically prefer to grab take out considering the restaurant itself is a little stuffy, but there are some tables hidden away by the windows, which seem nice. I recommend the B.M.T panini or their brunch wraps, but seriously, it's all pretty good. The only negative thing I have to say is that the calorie count on the food can't be accurate. Some of it seems much more fattening than it says, but I guess it's better not to know, right? I'll just pretend my panini slathered in pesto and fresh mozz was a healthy decision for the day.I go to Fuel a few times a week.  One of the better Center City lunch options.  The "High Protein Grilled Cheese" panini is a winner.  You have the option to go gluten free with any panini if need be.  Keep one thing in mind though if you are on a diet -- bread is NOT factored into the calories and Weight Watchers points.  It says it real small on the back of the menu.So I hadn't eaten in about 24 hours, just sort of happened.  I went for my noon time crossfit session and needed to grab lunch on the way back to the office.  I've been trying to be healthy so the options down Walnut street were not exactly what I was looking for.  Then I spotted Fuel across the street.  I figure if I  go there it will be easy to stay healthy.  
I went with the Thai Chicken Wrap.  I was unaware of the Gluten free bread option.  Will definitely get that next time.  The wrap was tasty, the veggies were fresh, and there was a good amount of chicken.  I also grabbed a kiwi smoothie (remember I skipped two meals?).  That was pretty good too, not overly sweet.  
I won't be going out of my way to get here, but definitely a good option for a post-work out lunch, although its a little expensive.The banana whip machine was broken at Hip City Veg, so I thought I'd check out the banana whips at fuel.  The banana whip seemed like it was premade and then frozen and then slightly reheated.  Unlike the soft-serve texture I expected, it tasted like an inconsistently warm on the outside and frozen/icy banana pudding.  It was also topped with whip cream, detracting from the goal of a healthy dessert.  
I've also had a panini there that was underwhelming.  Save your money and walk to Hipcityveg.I love this place! It's one of the few places in center city that deliver healthy organic food and juices! Every entree is under 500 calories. My favorite sandwich is the south philly panini and I always order the Hulk Juice. Only downfall is the delivery wait time. Last time I ordered I waited for an hour and 15 minutes after being getting ETA of delivery under 45 mins. 
It wont stop me from ordering from here, but I'll be placing my order a lot earlier.Second FUEL location I've been to. First one was in South Philly. I love this place! And the food is healthy and satisfying. I am now your loyal customer Oh! Great One!I feel duped!! 
I kept wondering how they came to their under 500 calorie claim, as it didn't seem to add up.  How can something with ingredients such meat, cheese, pesto, etc., AND bread add up to only approx 300-400 calories?  Without sacrificing relatively good flavor?? Lo and behold, on the very last page of the menu, at the bottom of the page, I see that calorie counts do NOT include bread.  How do you have a section for panini's and wraps, list calorie counts, but then state that the bread/wrap is not included??
Well, for those of you who are calorie/carb/points counting, feel free to add at least an extra 200 calories to the listed calorie counts in the menu--bringing the calorie count for most of their panini's/wraps to well above 500 calories.  What kind of trickery and dishonesty is this??  So disappointed. Just be honest and avoid the gimmicks, Fuel!  And how about you actually list the calorie/carb  count for the panini bread/wraps that you  conveniently excluded from your menu. 
And if I'm wrong, and somehow misread or misinterpreted the menu, I would love for one of the owners to address this....if not, I'll take  your silence as an admission of guilt.This place is a great place to eat. Everything here is under 500 calories, and the meals leave you feeling content, so you don't have to worry about  still being hungry when you leave. The first time I came, I got the Shrimp and Avocado salad. It was delicious. I was so glad I found this place, I couldn't wait to return. I returned to Fuel today and split the Fuel Sampler with a friend. The Guacamole with the charred corn was the best! I also decided to get "The Wake me up" smoothie, which was a great choice. Definitely a must, if you are in Philadelphia!I've only been here for breakfast/brunch-y items, so I can't speak to their menu at other times, but I really enjoyed the brunch I spent here. I had a pretty bad cold that day, so I initially just wanted something healthy regardless of taste, but I was pleasantly surprised by how good everything was! I had "the hulk" juice and a salmon frittata, and I have absolutely no idea how they packed that much flavor into the frittata for how lean it was (and, yes, I could tell that they didn't secretly sneak some extra fat in there without telling). I got some coupons outside the restaurant, so I came back with my husband the next day, and we both loved our smoothies, so I can safely recommend those as well. Also, I felt much less sick after my first visit and pretty much better after the second - don't know if it was a causal relationship but it didn't hurt...Service was lovely; charming brunette waitress was attentive and kind. The blasting techno was acoustically-offensive and the food was mediocre, though the gluten-free options were appreciated.their food is fresh and tasty. this is one of my favorite places to order lunch when i'm at work and don't have a lot of time to sit and dine.
i always get the chicken and gorgonzola and it is delicious. you have a choice of bread and how you want it as a sandwich or wrap. i always get it as a panini. they always also give you a side salad with each sandwich which is a great healthy bonus. i have never tried their coffee bevs but their smoothies are good in the summer. it's a little pricey for lunch but definitely worth it for all the good lip-smacking nutrition.Ordered over the phone. Prices were higher than what was on the website and I was initially overcharged. Ordered the turkey with goat cheese, a chicken sandwich and the chocolate mousse cake. The chicken sandwich was extremely dry and the chicken was clearly over cooked. No flavor to the sandwich and the accompanying salad left something to be desired. The chocolate mousse cake was small and lacked the normal deep rich flavor of mousse and was extremely bland. Definitely better places in this areaFood is OK.  Smoothies are good but pricey.  Service at lunchtime is terrible!  The service was so slow that I had to have them wrap it up to-go.  Also, I ordered a salad and asked if it had red peppers on it.  The waiter's response was "no, if it's not listed on the menu, it definitely isn't on the dish."  So, when I got back to my office, I was surprised to find that it was coated in Balsamic Salad Dressing, as the menu said NOTHING about this and said it had a peanut dressing.  I've been three times with Meh experiences the first two times and a horrible experience the third time.  I think I'll be skipping this joint the next time I need a meal.We got a Groupon and went for brunch. The Groupon was a very good deal! The food was mediocre. I would probably go back for a smoothie or juice but not for food. I got the avacado toast which was actually just toast with guacamole on it. It was alright, lots of flavors with the eggs and sirracha and sun dried tomatoes. The coffee as well was very watered down. 
The environment and service was great but not so much the food.Thumbs down for enticing me in with a level up discount and then not being able to scan my code. Won't be back.Gluten free offerings. The panini bread always falls apart, and the South Philly sandwich is so good!. The lettuce wraps are delicious. I have enjoyed the salads too. About a $10-12 lunchOrdered a chocolate-ccino. It was pretty good considering. The place lacks personality as it is really worse than the Cosi down the street. If it wasn't for the Groupon, I wouldn't have come this way. There's no Wifi and the place isn't too big. I would come again with some reservations.I signed up just to write this review. This place is pretty hit and miss. You either get the hipster vegans who look at you the wrong way if you eat gluten or the nice hipsters who serve good food. Either way, the food is always pretty good. A little pricy, but good.
The main problem comes in when getting delivery. I've gotten delivery from these guys five times now, and most of the time something is a little wrong. Usually not as bad as it is tonight, but the last time I got a drink with my order it was only lemonade and didn't kill my meal if a little spilled. Tonight I got some veggie flatbread and a large green tea smoothie. If you are going to offer drinks for delivery, you really need to have a good way of delivery this! I am pretty sure your flatbread is supposed to be... I dunno... somewhat crunchy? Not a heaping soggy mess drenched in green tea.
It might not be right to color my opinion based on one incident, but I'm pretty disappointed. Please don't offer drinks if you can't come through. I'm even willing to wait the hour for the food because it is so good and healthy (and DAMN if that Balsamic Reduction isn't the tastiest damn thing ever)... but I guess I can't get my green tea fix anymore without risking soggy sandwiches. 
On the bright side, as soon as I called, they offered to send me another one right out. So very nice people, very good food. But do be careful what you choose to order for delivery! These get delivered by backpack on bike!So, based on a recommendation from a co-worker, I ordered for the first time, several items for delivery via Grubhub. Unfortunately, that was my mistake.
-1 star. Wait time.
The delivery wait time was exceeded by about forty-five minutes and the follow-up call to the restaurant was met with a half-hearted apology.
-1 star. Missing items from our delivery order. 
Unbagged everything and saw that several items were missing from the delivery order. Missing several side orders and an entree order.
-1 star. Customer service.
When calling Fuel about the order, I spoke with the Manager on duty or Amanda (Sorry, if misspelled) who was both rude and indignant! The MoD argued that the order was fulfilled in full, which is fine since she's performing her job as an expediter and manager, but she went beyond acceptable customer service by insinuating that I was lying about the missing order. In addition, MoD was also arguing that I might have received extra items or food and I was not reporting it.
In the end, I had to argue to get the remaining items fulfilled, but, ultimately, didn't appreciate the fact that the Manger was both, rude and argumentative.
tl;dr: Received a bland meal, waited a super long time, and got very rude customer service from staff.
First and LAST time ordering from this establishment. Would not recommend to friends & family.While the Thai Tofu Wrap was delicious, the service was awful. No warm greeting, swift but cold checkout plus a long wait for my food. I ordered it as takeout with the thought of eating outside, but it started to pour so I sat at a table inside. A server approached me to tell me I couldn't sit there because they have "waitress service" -- Which I totally get because I work in the industry -- But she didn't give me a chance to discuss before shooing me away. I would have tipped had she let me stay. At $12 for a wrap and green tea, I'd expect much better hospitality. Also a warning: The posted calorie count does not include bread, so my wrap was actually 535 calories versus the 375 that's listed (http://www.fuelrechargeyourself.com/calories.php).I wasn't impressed on my recent visit to Fuel. While the staff was friendly, service was rather slow. My husband said the sweet potato fries were good, but whatever they mix into the turkey burger just didn't work. 
My salad was okay, but way too expensive for something I could make on my own or get elsewhere for much cheaper. I'd definitely go back to try a smoothie, since it's seems that's what they're known for. But the food...I'm not rushing back anytime soon.Great food. Good deals. Horrible service. The food is very healthy and fresh but the service is just so bad all the time. Might prefer to order delivery or take outI came here because I had bought a gift certificate from one of the deal promotion sites.  I live by here and the menu really seemed attractive.
I went on a Saturday lunch around 1pm.  The food was pricy for small portions and the service was very unfriendly!
Food: we got the chicken lettuce wrap which consisted of cut chicken pieces, peanuts (crushed from a can) on top of 3 large, flat, two days too old lettuce leaves.  The wrap was mushy and soft and lacked any kick or flavor.  For $8.95 you'd expect better.
The smoothies were tasty but very watered down, get the smoothies here if you like it to be half water within 5 minutes.  Goto Smoothie King instead for a "real smoothie"  The also got the Thai chicken sandwich which had something similar to a wet peanut butter sauce plastered over the bread.  If you are used to the usual thai peanut sauce, this sauce is not what you would expect.  Lastly, we got a greek salad and that was the best part of the meal.  You can't mess up a salad and although this placed messed everything else up, the salad was spot 
Overall, very underwhelming and overpriced for the quality of food.  It seriously feels like a place run but a bunch of guys from a college frat.  The 13th street area is a very up and coming and there are much better options to spend your money when in the area!I stopped here for lunch and was seated in the tiny foyer area which was great for people watching but I have NO idea what the rest of the restaurant looks like. I had the Roasted Turkey wrap and was delighted it was also served with a side salad. For someone that went through an obsession with counting calories I thought the calories looked a little low for the amount of food served (about 350) but I am far from an expert on these things and kind of stopped caring. Overall - fresh food and quick service - I love a good 'healthy food' joint so this place fared well for me and I'd go back again.Wanted to try their smoothies since they got a groupon. I got the tropical mango one. It was good but the strawberry took away from the mango. I also order the turkey burger. From the price I'm paying, the size was small, tasty, but small. I like the side salad though. This place seems good for their drinks but not really the food. Service was nice.I'd known about Fuel for years but never made it a point to stop in until just the other day....and I was glad I did! Plenty of healthy options for those of all food inclinations, including vegan and vegetarian selections! The counter staff is friendly and efficient, though food is ordered through touch screens at which you pay up front, pick a number, and your food will be brought to you as soon as it is ready.  I settled on a chicken, gorgonzola, and pesto panini and as a thank you for tagging them on social media, received a complimentary creme brûlée cheesecake! Everything from the food to the service to the cleanliness of the restaurant was A+! I will definitely return and can't wait to check out their University City location!I love Fuel.
The menu items are imaginative, tasty, and priced well. I think they have better guacamole than the famous Mexican places on 13th st! And I can eat to my heart's content (literally) knowing that I will feel fresh and invigorated for the rest of the day, and not laden with saturated animal fat-induced fugue. 
The service has always been good when I have been there, but I would agree with other reviewers that the frantic background music and videos can  detract from an otherwise very pleasant dining experience. 
That being said, it is still my favorite place to go for a light meal in Center City.WHAT I ORDERED: Smoked salmon panini with avocado and lettuce + Protein buster smoothie with soy milk
PROS: Delicious protein buster smoothie + fresh ingredients + price
CONS: So so panini
----MORE DETAIL----
FOOD: GOOD: Fresh ingredients, but the panini was just so so. To their defense, I'm recovering from a GI problem and my diet is strange, so I had to omit several of the ingredients. Definitely worth another try. The protein buster smoothie with soy milk was AMAZING.
SERVICE: NEUTRAL: Lackluster, but came by frequently and often.
AMBIANCE: NEUTRAL: Casual place to grab a quick bite - nothing special or bad.The kale green tea smoothie is AMAZING. Their food and other smoothies are also really good- love their guacamole. But this is, hands down, the best smoothie I have ever had. Solid.The food was fine but they refused to put any air conditioning in and it was 90 degrees outside. I couldn't enjoy my stay and I felt terrible for everyone who had to work there. I prefer the other locations to this one but now I definitely won't be back all summer.Extremely slow at delivery! Took an hr and a half to deliver 2 shakes, and when i called to check up on it, they rudely told me it was on its way and hung up abruptly. Chill out dudes, im just checking the status of my food!Taking down the review I had written bc this place does so much right, they don't deserve a review about my one negative experience.I had the South Philly chicken panini for lunch today. It was flavorful, but I wish it had been a little more melted. I went around 11:30 and barely had to wait. They have a lot of menu options, and the prices seemed about average for lunch. I'd go back!Great food, huge selection and very healthy dishes! I love the grilled veggie panini on wheat and I've also tried the chicken gorgonzola one, which was great, too!First time at Fuel.  I ordered the special lunch (sandwich, soup, salad).  It was good except I couldn't find the portobello mushrooms in my sandwich.  I'd specifically ordered the sandwich with P mushrooms but there was only eggplant, which I don't like.  I thought they'd forgotten to put the P mushrooms in (eggplant is cheaper!) but realized, after studying the menu at home, that they'd given me the wrong sandwich.  I didn't create a fuss in the restaurant because the space is nice and quiet and the food was good (tho I don't like eggplant).  Still... I went into the restaurant because the menu had portobello mushrooms...so I only gave 3 stars.The Protein Buster smoothie made with Almond Milk will be a weekly treat for me.  I recently ordered the Spicy Shrimp and Charred Corn Guacamole.  I loved the sauce that came with the shrimp and being able to have veggies instead of chips was so nice with the Guacamole.  And being able to order pick up through Yelp is so convenient!  Great food and great service!I tried Fuel with a groupon. I thought it was ok. The food wasn't bad at all, but it wasn't the greatest either. I would go back probably because of the hype if nothing else (bad right?). It's also seems a little overpriced. 
I gave it an additional star because the entire menu is made up of sensible options. You can't really overindulge unless you make a conscious effort to. I just think that's important for this fat a**, diabetic society that I exist in.I ate the shrimp and avocado salad. The pro is I'm a fan of the dressing; it's tangy and citrusy. Everything else about the salad is, 'Eh.' My biggest 'beef' is with the shrimp. My preference is for a slight sear on shrimp because most types of shrimp are just mushy. Also, I really don't understand leaving the tail on, especially for a salad.. Last gripe is that the proportion of spinach to everything else seems a bit out of whack. 
If this was like a $6 salad I'd probably be OK with these things. But it's$10 and change. This probably goes for almost all salads in Center City though. They're all over priced cause it's center city. But this one specifically doesn't seem worth the price tag more so than most.
** Update 8.9.13 ** 
Added a star for customer service.Slightly more expensive, but as is most healthy food.  Soup is amazing, but runs $4.50 each.  The sandwiches and wraps are also delicious and at ~$9 they're a bit more reasonable, served with a mixed green salad as well.  The music selection is pretty unique, mostly remixes of top 40.  Service is fair, you're probably better off going with take out if you're in a time crunch.Fuel has a fabulous concept- a healthy, tasty meal option that is under 500 calories. You don't have to do any of the tabulating if you're watching what you eat. Just look at the menu and order accordingly. I have been here at least 10 times (best after working out at the gym!), and overall the food is tasty and the service is better than average for Philly.
My best experiences have been with the appetizers. The sweet pea wonton (140 calories!) is amazing (it's sort of like guacamole) and the hummus and grilled avocado w/ cucumber salsa are also pretty good. Can't beat the lemonade with thyme on a hot day. The chicken sandwiches and wraps are usually a great choice, though sometimes the bread gets really soggy from the balsamic reduction. The salads are large portions, so they can be filling and flavorful as well. My only disappointment was the grilled veggie sandwich, which was somewhat bland (tasted like boiled, unseasoned veggies) when I had it. 
The ambiance is casual and it can be lively in there at lunch time. From late June to early September I think the same 20 videos were playing over and over, so I was relieved when I got take-out recently and the music line-up was finally updated. I love the low-cal option and the generally upbeat staff so much, that I purchased the $15 certificate for $20 worth of food on this site. I suggest if you like to eat healthy (or you're trying to like me) that you do the same!A great spot for a nice healthy meal. I like that they post nutrition facts. I'm celiac so I also appreciate the gluten free bread. The gf bread is good here- nice texture and toasts really well.  At the Ardmore location I had the Fuel Stacker. Substantial meal given that it's a lot of vegetables. Seemed like a lot of mozzarella for the calorie count, but it was delicious!
At the Center City location I had the roasted eggplant and goat cheese panini. A lot of flavor and a generously sized arugula salad. Would love if Center City offered the rice bowls before 4pm!grilled chicken paninis & salmon avocado salad. regular for weekday take out. 4 starts b/c i see gnats flying around sometimes.Looove the falafel burger now trying the black bean  so glad there's vegan slash vegetarian in CCSome days its good to eat healthy. The other day was one of them, and what better way than the head over to a place that serves food under 500 calories. 
There are plenty of tables if you wish to dine in. The only weird thing is the TV that constantly shows extremely fit men and women swimming and having a grand ol time. Meh, not for me.
Got some salads to go. One was shrimp and avacado over a bed of spinach with a lemon dressing. Other was roasted turkey salad. Both were good. I was left hungry after eating my salad and actually made another salad at home to eat. So much for eating small.Came in on a Sunday for lunch the food was good and the service was great. Our server Abby was very accommodating to our needs and requests. I would definitely go back sometime soon.Called several times on a saturday to place an order for pickup. Everytime it went through to a voicemail that was too full to leave a message.  I wish I could have placed the order for my entire staff that I was working with that day.  Just lost over$100 in buismessWith all these great reviews I don't know how much more I can add. On my first visit as soon as I entered, the people who run the restaurant were very friendly. I ordered the spinach strawberry salad, Which was amazing. The atmosphere is great. Food was great and inexpensive. I really loved it.Went today for lunch on a recommendation.  Walked over from Loews and it was nice.  Everything under 500 calories.  I had the hummus (voted best in Philly as a note) and then the eggplant and goat cheese panini.  Both wonderful.  HUGE portions and I couldn't finish them both.  The iced tea was different, had a nice flavor.  The price was very inexpensive.  I'd go back again.  The only issue I had was not having a refill on my iced tea and finally having to flag someone down for it.  The place was not very busy (later in the afternoon on a sunday).  Outside tables as well as inside, take out as well as eat in.  Wish we had this in San Diego where I am living now.Diggin' the vegan options in Center CIty lately. Fuel does not let you down. Dip your feet with their sampler and definitely try their pea hummus and regular hummus. yummy. I also enjoyed the eggplant and roasted portabello panini. You reall can't go wrong here. Enjoy without feeling guilty afterwards.Vroom! That's for being fueled and happy, not for the speed of the service (which is what kept this from being a 5-star review). 
A solid start for this place. For someone like me, who quite dislikes Saladworks, this fills a void in the area -- relatively healthy, lots of vegetarian options and everything freshly made there (including their mozzarella). They have some kinks to work out, service-wise (too many folks right now, I think, and they haven't worked out a rhythm), but if they do that and continue with the solidly good food (great salmon wrap and my colleagues loved the grilled cheese and tomato soup), they should be around for a long time. I hope they are!My husband and I went there for brunch. Some places compromise on the taste when it comes to health food. But fuel is different. We loved the buckwheat pancakes and veggie omelette! I like that they can substitute with just egg whites in most cases. The portion sizes were not too big or small, just apt for one meal. I also tried one of their fresh juices- 'give me tan', it was really good. Overall, nice brunch while maintaining the low calorie goal.Philly needs more places like Fuel. Affordable, tasty, healthy quick meals for the lazy days when you do not feel like cooking at home and you've indulged too much to eat a real restaurant meal.The one time I ate I. At Fuel, there was a table of about 20 dudes, each walking around with a huge bottle of vodka. I'm not sure if putting vodka in smoothies keeps them "healthy" but I did find the whole experience entertaining.
Fuel for takeout or delivery is kind of that fallback plan for when you're too lazy to do anything else. Gluten free paninis are good, but considering most gluten free bread tastes like cardboard, the bar is set pretty low. All of the sandwiches seem a little dry, I'm not sure why this is. Whatever the reason, it means I'm always left feeling like my meal was less exciting than I'd hoped it would be. Everything sounds so delicious...and the first bite usually is, but by the end, I'm reaching for water and considering dipping my sandwich in a side of ranch. 
I feel like it's one of those meh places that I'll keep going back to just because it is easy. Ha, insert inappropriate easy joke here....My husband and I come here often. The food has always been very good. Today the service was just so poor and it wasn't busy. We watched the tables around us receive food before us even though they came in after. It took about 25 minutes for our food which is unusual for this place. We then ordered the chocolate mousse cake for dessert and it took the waitress 15 minutes only to come back and say they were out of the cake. When she brought the check I told her I had a Groupon and she just walked away. After another ten minutes I decided to go to the register and pay there. 
The food is on point but the servers need a little more pep in their step.Eggplant goat cheese panini is awesome. Service is slow but that's because they have a cook and a waitress, so she can only do so much at one time. 
The menu listed the calories for each entree, which is really nice.I just ordered a black bean corn salsa and avocado brown rice bowl from grub hub (well, over an hour ago because it took forever to be delivered) and there were maybe three black beans. It also came with the three tiniest slices of avocado I've ever gotten from a restaurant and I'm not seeing much corn either.... So you basically charged me for brown rice. Seriously??? Extremely disappointed and annoyed.Driving through Philadelphia from a 2 hour drive, I craved some juice to boost my energy level. Fuel Center City that for some reason appeared as Fuel Juice Bar on my Map app, seemed like the closest and neat!
We ordered Give me a tan and Avocado shake. The colors seemed fine, but both tasted very watery. I couldn't distinguish tastes of Apple, Ginger, OJ in my drink. I tried my friend's avocado shake, and I couldn't taste the honey, nor the spinach.
Not sure why the drinks tastes so tasteless and watery, but I've had better experiences and don't recommend this place if you're looking for juices.
We also ordered a smoked salmon panini, which we both liked very much!I have tried a few of the varieties of smoothies from and enjoy them.  I would give this place 4 stars for product and 2 stars for service.  The people that work here haven't been particularly friendly,  and the aesthetics of the place leave much to be desired.  It's a little dark and dingy.  The atmosphere doesn't match the menu.  I'll still grab smoothies here when I'm in the neighborhood.  Hopefully the experience will improve.I was expecting the food to be a little bland for being under 500 calories but man was i WRONG! Everything me & my friend ordered was banging! I had the fruit fuzzion smoothie with a TBM pesto panini & i added chicken to it. It was delicious! Just enough balsamic reduction, chicken wasn't dry & the panini was nice & crisp but not hard like it was over toasted. My friend had the protein buster smoothie and the south philly, which our server said was the 2 most popular items for sandwiches and smoothies & after stealing a bite of my friends, i seen why. My sandwich was good but the south philly was better. Its served with this like garlic butter ( which i love anything garlic!) spread stuff & it gave the sandwich just the extra kick of flavor without being overwhelming. I was a little on the fence about coming here but i am so glad i did! Fuel, you have yourself 2 new, loyal customers!! Thanks :)Love their food. Although have never quite figured out why they are always empty. Well horrible service can do that. They have a strange staff dynamic. A bunch of angry girls constantly rolling their eyes at each other and customers. I hope the owner reads this and fixes this issue. Their food is amazing and would hate to see this joint die in probably one of the most competitive restaurant market in the U.S.I love it! I ordered the detox drink and it was so unbelievably yummy. It was naturally sweet and didn't taste fake. The food choices are healthy and aren't limited to just veggies. The prices might be a bit pricey for what it's worth but it's tasty enough to keep me coming back for more.Got the Groupon and had to go, as we were enjoying a bit of vacating.  
Started with the Guacamole, shouldn't have.  It should have been called,  mashed avocado, with no seasoning.  Plus the chips, were the $1.00 bag you can pick up at the grocery store.  A bit of salt, and fresh chips (FYI, Fuel Team you could bake 'em on site) would have gone a long way.
I ordered the Turkey Burger, with side salad, and it was phenomenal.  The burger was cooked perfectly, and came adorned with red pepper relish, feta, some sort of yogurt sauce, on a brioche type bun.  Yum, yum,  yum...took a pic, but it's a bit blurry.   HIGHLY recommend, looks like it's a monthly special, so go soon. 
Lil' Darlin' ordered the Roasted Turkey sandwich.  She enjoyed it as well, a bit of Thanksgiving flavor in March. 
Overall, it's good food and quite tasty.  Moderate price on the high end.  
Couple of things:  We couldn't figure out what type of restaurant they want to be.  It appears to be an upper end, healthy sandwich shoppe, though the quasi host who seats you with the Menu's and seems to help bus tables, didn't make a whole lot of sense.  
You get a feel you should go to the counter to order, but then a wait person comes to you.  It just felt weird.  
Great concept, and as time goes on, I'm sure they'll work out the kinks.  
FYI, it'd be great to have a simple, easy to understand menu for the kids.  $4.99 combo would be a good idea.Thank heavens for this place. I was getting sick of my Center City dining options being limited to Cosi or pizza, or someplace similarly unhealthy. I've yet to be disappointed in my food, though it was completely different from what I imagined when I ordered. My favorites might be the grilled chicken wrap and the thai chicken wrap. The chicken is a nice cutlet, not just chopped up into tiny pieces and thrown in with some lettuce. Greens are always fresh as can be. I will say that, on the grilled chicken wrap, the sun dried tomato spread is almost undetectable, as opposed to the thai chicken wrap, where the spicy peanut sauce can be a little overpowering at times.
The staff is cute and well-groomed, and very friendly...though I almost felt like I was assaulted when a server ran up to me before I'd gotten half way to the counter to ask if I was "dininginortakingout?" Girlfriend was ENERGIZED.
I've yet to dine in there, but the restaurant itself seems a bit much. There are a ton of tables and loads of space. I'm not sure what it looks like around lunchtime but it's been consistently dead in there every time I've walked by around dinner time. A bit overzealous with the floor plan, I think. 
I haven't tried any of the smoothies or desserts yet but I'm sure that'll come -- and from what I've read here I need to get on that.
Altogether a nice, healthy alternative to Cosi across the street, where I ask for chicken on my salad every time and consistently come home to a bowl of greens and dressing. Gather the will-power to avoid Pandora's Lunchbox and Five Guys in the same area and enjoy a meal that won't make you want to put a gun to your head afterward.Amazing food but the rudest register employee I ever met. Felt like I was at Burger King. No eye contact, no greeting, attitude like she was doing me a favor. I gave a big smile and thanked her for my change, she didn't look up or say anything. It's a shame when great food is overshadowed by horrible service.I ordered a "give me a tan". The description reads fresh carrot, oj and ginger. The person who made my juice put in 5 small pieces of carrot, filled the 20 ounce glass to the brim with OJ, liquidized it and then handed it to me. The whole experience was gobsmacking as my cranium refused to register the 5 round pieces of carrot in the juice. If I wanted orange juice I would have asked for it. Surely the proportions should have been half carrot half OJ ? Oh and there was no sign of the ginger. So essentially I paid $5 for OJ. 
As I said before I was left completely gobsmacked. Next time I will get my carrot+oj+ginger juice from Pumpkin market.So I come here all the time with my boyfriend so this isn't really a "new" review but. We heard that Fuel had added new items on their menu so we had to go check them out. I got the Fuel turkey burger and my boyfriend go the TBM pesto ( he always get the same thing).
The burger was really really good. It was a little soggy but over all was done well. We them decided to get dessert. They have a New banana whip recipe. It was AMAZING !!!!!
I loved it. The cinnamon really topped it off.I went to fuel for lunch today because I recently started eating healthier with my daughter. We walked in and there was a table with menus on it so we (myself and my daughter were ready the menu, the cashier approached us and said if we were going to eat in we need to go sit down now. I thought that was odd but we sat anyway. The only waitress there was chatting it up with a couple of guys, we sat there for 9 minutes before she even came over. She walked over and asked if we knew what we wanted..we didn't get menus from here or anything but thankfully we decided when we were looking. We ordered our food and drinks. 12 minutes later she brought our food another 6 minutes to get our beverages. The sandwich I ordered was supposed to have a sauce on it but it was missing. I kept looking back and even said "excuse me" 4 times. After 10 more minutes and my food was cold she came over and said "what did you want" I asked her for the sauce, she came back and placed it on the table, never asked how everything was or if we needed anything (not even a napkin). Then she left. The counter girl came over (I had a mouth full of food) she asked how it was going and I shrugged,  she then TOOK MY PLATE with the salad still on it and the sandwich in my hand. She placed the check on the table and walked away with my food!!! I layed the rest of my sandwich on the table along with $25 (the total was 24.07 and I wish I could have gave exact change) and left. So horrible. Will never go back!(1) Horrible calorie per dollar ratio given the quality. (2) Nutrition information seems inaccurate.
I understand that this restaurant is marketing to a fitness-minded crowd that that is generally interested in creating energy deficits (and being hungry). But it is highway robbery to charge $10 per plate for a 400 calorie salad. For the price, that salad better taste amazing. And Fuel's salads don't. Gym-goers are better off making their own salad for $1.50 since most of Fuel's stuff is replicable at home.
I'm curious to know how Fuel is able to provide calorie values as specific as "385" (that is, down to the single-digits). With that kind of specificity, I'd expect them to be measuring what they put in their dishes to some extent, but it seems like they don't. I've been there 4-5 times trying new things and portions are all over the place -- especially cheese in the salads. Not something to complain about for most restaurants, but a real problem for one that holds itself out as meeting specific calorie needs.I wanted to like this place because it is so close to my apartment. I wanted to go there every day to get a healthy meal. I tried it twice. I was sorely disappointed both times. The first time, I tried a wrap. It fell apart, it was dry, the chicken was tasteless. Disappointed. Tried again the next week. Got two salads. The strawberry one was better than the other, which came with balsamic vinagrette --- emphasis on the vinegar. My god. Most bitter dressing. Overall, the salad was lackluster.Came here with my family and we were starving. We were only one of two parties in the restaurant. The food took too long to come, and when it came out, they had messed up my order. The food was tasty, although my mom got the shrimp avocado salad and was disappointed with the flavor of the shrimp, though she liked the salad flavor. Overall, the food was tasty but the experience was mediocre.Hands-down 5 stars based on healthy food, plenty of options, fast and efficient service, and great customer service.  It's nice to know I can order healthy options in the city of Philly, especially when there is not enough time in a day to cook every meal + not too many other healthy options in the city.  I order from here several times/week.This place is great! Healthy, tasty REAL food for people who don't eat garbage, that is, fast food, pizza, cheesesteaks, Chinese, etc. I had a delicious salad with grilled chicken and roasted red sweet peppers, hubby had a wrap which he enjoyed. The Banana Whip was not good, kind of icy-frozen texture. But I liked the concept and menu and would recommend it to anyone dieting, or who cares about what they eat. Prices are reasonable and the location is funky and cool.This is a great place if you are looking for eating a healthy meal in the city.  I love the fact that they post the nutritional information of all menu items!  I have tried both the Hummus with Veggies and the Grilled Veggie Wrap.  The Hummus was good, but was a bit more oily than I prefer.  The Grilled Veggie Wrap was delicious!  The portion sizes are larger than I expected, but that's not a bad thing.  The prices are a bit high, but I think getting a healthy meal made with fresh ingredients is worth it.3.5 I Like what they are doing here its just seems a little poorly executed.
When you get there you see that the decor is trying to be kind of modern chic, and with a name like fuel they are trying to be cool and edgy with a sense of humor and realism. It ended up looking a little cheap in my opinion.
My friend and my boy friend came here on a beautiful Thursday afternoon to get some lunch.
We sat outside and the waitress joined us soon enough. I got an ice tea and she came back shortly there after to answer questions and take our orders. They had a good selection of vegetarian items without soy or seitan or any of that crap that I hate, which is a big PLUS for veg/vegan friendly restaurants, and they have meat on their menu too for the healthy carnivores.
I ordered the mushroom sandwich with goat cheese, and my friend ordered the eggplant sandwich. They come with side salads too. The thing that got this place to drop a star was when the food came my friend and mines sandwiches got mixed up, they put mine in front of him and his in front of me and my BF got the right one in front of him.. So when I started eating it, I was like this isnt right. It has eggplant on it, so I jut figured they messed up my order. So when the waitress came back I said to her that I thought my sandwich was wrong, and she started arguing with me that that was what I ordered. Not wanting to have a big confrontation that afternoon (sometimes I dont mind getting into it with a waitress if she is being particularly rude) but it was just a casual lunch so I shrugged it off. After talking to her my friend was like, "Yeah my sandwich isnt quite right either, and we realized the waitress had just put the wrong items in front of us. that was frustrating because sandwiches all look the same its not easily identifiable that yours and your neighbors got switched. I mean if I had the pasta and he had the salad clearly we would have seen a switch. So our waitress should have done it right (seeing that she took the order and thats what position numbers are for) or she should have auctioned off at the table asking whose was whose.
Ill still come back. The food was tasty.Went for lunch yesterday. Ordered a BBQ chicken salad and my lady ordered an Açaí bowl. My salad was packed with protein, veggies, and fruit. We split sweet potato fries which were also solid. Her Açaí bowl had a very unripe banana but was otherwise okay.They have a ton to choose from on their menu, its a little overwhelming but I don't think you can go wrong. I ordered the strawberry spinach salad as an entree and chicken lettuce wraps to share with a friend. The wraps were very large and plenty for two people. The salad was decent size and very refreshing. I would suggest getting dressing on the side because they put a little too much on. I was in and out within 30 mins even though they were packed.I'm a huge fan of unhealthy delicious food, but it's nice when you can go out and not feel terrible about how much calories you consumed either. I came to Fuel with a friend a few weeks ago with our goal in mind to have a healthy but satisfying dinner. We were seated right away and opted to sit outside, as it was a nice night in the city. We started off with the guac appetizer with goat cheese and tomato and asked for extra veggies instead of chips. The guac was delicious and the veggies were fresh and crunchy! We were off to a good start. For my meal, I got the strawberry spinach salad with tofu. Tofu is pretty hit or miss, but this was cooked well and went nicely with the salad. The salad was a good sized portion and had fresh berries mixed with gorgonzola and pecans. My friend got the same, but with chicken which came with a ton of chicken for the price. We both left feeling full and happy that we stuck with healthy options. We also used a yelp deal which was pay 15 dollars for 20 bucks worth of food, so the cost was an added bonus. We will definitely be back!I went in hoping to get a lovely, fresh green juice. I ordered "The Hulk" which is supposedly freshly pressed with spinach, cucumber, apple and lemon. It ended up being a few leaves of spinach, a few chunks of cucumber, and probably 80% apple juice from the fridge. And, surprise: it just tasted like apple juice. 
EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING.
On the plus side, customer service was fine.This place is starting to become my go to place for quick healthy delicious food post working out. All dishes are under 500 calories which is great and there are three options for every dish. Dishes can be ordered in panini form, salad form and wrap form. I typically go for the wrap because I'm not a fan of panini's or salads. The best part is they provide health information on all the items, so you know how much protein, fat and sodium you're getting in every meal. 
Besides the healthy aspect of this restaurant the food is quite delicious and the ingredients are all very fresh. I never leave this place feeling sluggish or food comotosed. 
Lastly the juicee/smoothies are amazing. I've tried most of them but my current favorite is the protein buster. I never had a shake that has such a peanut buttery taste. It was sooo good I felt like screaming "MA, Thanks for the PROTEIN!!!"Good food. I ordered the portobello and goat cheese flat bread and it was delicious. However a little bit small for the price. Still I would come back and taste more of their options.It's decent but I have one reservation. I have to say that the food was healthy and the price point was solid. The issue that turned me away was that my entire panini tasted like kale. It seemed the dressing on the side of kale mixed with my grill cheese. The kale was drenched in the dressing, so there was no chance of avoiding it. If they could fix that, then Fuel is well worth it.super small portions of 'differently' flavored food. Pretty expensive, as well. The place was so cold I had to keep my jacket on while I ate. Left hungry and disappointed.Fuel = expensive. How far can you go on $20? Not very. And is it a restaurant? Or is it a deli? This place seems confused. They have table service, but it's not readily apparent as you walk in. 
Shrimp canapes. 4 medium shrimp with hummus on slices of cucumber. With a slice of basil and a grape tomato. $9.95? Really? It was good, but come on.
South Philly Salad. Basically an antipasto in a bowl. With slices of chicken. $9.95? Hope they used 50 year old Balsamic vinegar. 
I like the concept of this place, but spending over $20 per person for a low-cal dinner without a drink is pretty steep. 
I hate to knock a place, but I'd rather burn a couple extra calories, save $10 and walk a couple blocks to the Whole Foods salad bar instead.
Food was good, and it's nice to have an option like this around, but I'm more apt to pay sit-down restaurant prices in a place where somebody actually seats me and takes my order.In effort to have a quick, healthy dinner my husband and I swung into Fuel after happy hour (no judging).   Fuel is on Spotluck so we were excited for a discounted meal too.
Like all Spotluck deals, you must dine in. We were literally the only ones there aside from the employees and two pick up orders. This has to be a lunch scene, right?
The staff was friendly and knew we weren't looking to dine. We had some fun tunes on in the background.
My goat cheese and eggplant wrap was so perfect on paper: Roasted Eggplant, Goat cheese, Pesto, Roasted Peppers, and Arugula.
Unfortunately, the eggplant was the downfall. It wasn't rotted, but it wasn't the best. Perhaps it's not eggplant season. The goat cheese ended up clumped on one end and I barely tasted any pesto. The best part of my meal was actually the side salad.
Perhaps it was just too late in the day to go to Fuel, but it didn't leave the best impression. I'd opt for a Honeygrow, Sweet Green or any other healthy option over a 20% discount.I come here often because it's convenient and they have a good amount of vegetarian options for lunch. Delivery service is great, but in the restaurant it's just okay. Beware when you order anything that contains salmon! If you do not indicate that you would like for it to be cooked, not just pan seared, you must tell them this or you will receive a sandwich or wrap with uncooked salmon. The menu does not indicate this. Not my style. 
I do recommend ordering wraps from here for a group/office lunch - their platters include a good variety of meat/vegetarian/vegan options.Desert was great but a bit priceyGood eats we randomly found touring Philly. Strawberry spinach salad and portabella and eggplant panini. Not the freshest, but great veggie options. Nice ambiance. Great presentation.VERY healthy. Love what they are aiming for, we need MORE healthy options in this city.. time for eating garbage is no time. Service was quick, food was good.. drinks at juice bar were ridiculous.. we loved them.  Sit down service, or takeout.. it's worth checking out. 
A little pricey, wish they could lower their margins a bit to make this a place we can hit more often.It all seems frantic
There's way to much going on
Just make food, okay?
Fuel needs to get over itself. I can't be the only one that thinks this place is just got some sort of identity crisis: it looks like a dance club mixed with a health spa, japanese templa and Sherwin-Williams. The TV's play some trippy station with odd colors and shapes all swirling together. There's probably some subliminal messaging in there too. "buyfoodbuydrinksdon'tgetfatdon'tgetfatdon'tgetfat."
And they have sandwiches. Acceptably filling but not overly thrilling sandwiches. They're tasty enough, but for 100 more calories you can hit up any number of other places in the city without being assaulted by color, lights and a barrage of overly energetic thin people who haven't tasted a roast pork sandwich in years.After hearing my roommate talk about Fuel, I decided to stop in back in May to grab a quick lunch before a doctor's appointment.  I was able to sit outside, which was nice, and ordered the organic thyme lemonade and the grilled veggie wrap with no ricotta.  It was quite delicious!  Since I was impressed, I bought a groupon while eating.  I went back last night and used my groupon and was far less impressed. :/  I ordered the same lemonade because it is so yummy!!  And I ordered the fuel stacker Panini.  At the top of the menu, they advertise "we can veganize anything".  Since the menu clearly stated this I asked for vegan mozzerela on my Panini.  I was informed by the waiter that they do not have vegan cheese, I showed him the menu and just said oh ok.  He asked if I still wanted cheese and I said sure and just took a lactaid.  The Panini was very good, but the salad served with it had no dressing what so ever.  Since I had to use the whole group-on while there, I also ordered the Tuna Salad to go for lunch the next day.  What I received was argula and tuna.  It is advertised to have tomatoes, kamalata olives, and red onions.  I had 2 cherry tomatoes, 3 kamalata olives, and about 5 slivers of red onion.  I wish I would have packed some crackers or crostini to go with the salad because eating tuna and argula with dressing is just boring.  
My advice to customers: stick to the paninis and wraps -- they seem to be more flavorful. 
My advice to Fuel: do not advertise that you can veganize "everything" when you simply cannot.This is my go to spot for delivery. I love their toasted hummus and their sandwiches are always great. Best thing is that nothing is over 500 calories but the food is so satisfying and delicious! It's difficult to find healthy options in the city when you're in a pinch, but Fuel to the rescue! Everything I've tried here has been wonderful... I recommend the Strawberry Spinach salad or the Grilled Chicken panini (grilled chicken, provolone, artichokes, mixed greens, sun dried tomato spread and a balsamic reduction) YUM! Also, all the paninis come with a small side salad... you don't even have to ask!Ehh...it's okay. I got the buffalo shrimp and small order of sweet potato fries. the fries are good. The shrimp isn't bad. However, I would say the prices are too high for what you actually get. The small fries should be worth $2-3. Instead I paid $4. Okay, no big deal. The buffalo shrimp is what I don't get. 6 regular size shrimp for $9. That's absolutely ridiculous. By the time tax is added, it cost $15 for 6 buffalo shrimp and a small sweet potato fry. I can spend $15 somewhere else and get a full meal.Went in for dinner.  Had the chicken lettuce wraps as an appetizer.  They were good, but the chicken was dry.  I had the veggie panini on white bread for my meal.. It was ok.. I don't think I'd get it again, though.  The highlight of the evening was the pumpkin cheesecake.. YUMMO!!!!
Our service was ok.. I did notice the waiter making rude comments to two other tables (one table ended up leaving before ordering).. Upon seeing the couple leave, the waiter made a rude remark, which we all could hear.. Not professional at all.
The music was too loud and a weird choice (dance/techno) for the restaurant.Updating my review. They've done some super nice updates in the last year and the food is good, which I love, but wow is the one blonde, tall woman who works the register RUDE. I'm talking rolling her eyes in your face, and talking to you like you're an idiot for absolutely no reason. I thought maybe she was just having a bad day but now I've talked to two other people in the area who had the same issue with the same woman. Hire friendlier people. No excuse to be rude to customers.I'm so surprised to see all of the negative reviews. Fuel isn't the place you go to for a nice sit-down dinner - it's just not one of those restaurants, and the ambiance is admittedly lacking. You just have to know this going into it. I go for a quick lunch or afternoon bite, and have always really, REALLY enjoyed my meal, especially considering the amount of calories in it! My personal favorites are the Quinoa Black Bean Burger and Gyro Tofu rice bowl. Try it for yourself before you let the bad reviews scare you away - my coworkers and I are all big fans!Everything Fuel has to offer is fabulous. Everything is high quality and the staff is super friendly. Out of the limitless items that you can choose from on the menu, the only thing I ALWAYS get is the PROTEIN BUSTER SMOOTHIE. Banana, skim milk, honey, and protein. It is to die for.Stopped in for a quick bite and boy was that a good choice. Definitely not your standard sandwich place. First take made me think I'd be starving by the time,I left as nothing on the menu was over 500 calories but boy was I wrong. Their breads are absolutely delicious and filling and getting them pressed warm is a bonus. I only had the chicken wrap with sundried tomatoes, lettuce, onion, and saracha but it was absolutely delicious. 
Staff is friendly service was quick though it was not that busy when we were in. Great stop for a quick bite to eat. Additionally they do have many GF bread options that can be substituted. 
Would give 5* if portions were a bit bigger. Prices are pretty fair for the quantity and quality. Got away with $20 for 2 people.3.5 star review. I've only ever gotten delivery from Fuel, but it's my go-to when I want something healthy or not as bad as the normal delivery I'd get when I'm working late.
I was impressed how few calories their sandwiches seem to have, but be warned, the calories listed on the menu for sandwiches DON'T include the calories of the bread or wrap. Everything is still pretty low-cal, but just remember the bread isn't included when you think that savory grilled cheese is only 400 calories. Speaking of which, I'm a grilled cheese addict, and Fuel's is one of my favorites. It comes with spinach and a lemon cream cheese spread, which adds the perfect sweetness and sourness to the sandwich. I love this grilled cheese. It can get a little soggy, though, after the time it takes to get delivered. But that's to be expected.
The deconstructed guacamole salad (arugula, avocado, torilla chips, onions, tomatoes, with a jalepeno citrus dressing) is so light and refreshing. I want to use this dressing on every salad I eat. The salad was like 98% arugula, though. I wish there was more of everything else.
Fuel has an awesome juice/smoothie selection.  The desserts look amazing, and I really need to try them next time!This place was a huge disappointment.  I suppose the food is nutritious, but I can't get past the horrible service.  Waitress was not just inattentive, she was absent.  I even had to get up and go to the counter to ask for a refill while she sat there and had a snack and talked to the cook.  I never did get a check so I left some money on the table and walked out.  Don't be fooled by the seemingly great deals (groupon and others) to visit this place.  
Food is mediocre, at best.  The tomato and cucumber salad was if I had put my head in the garden and was eating the stuff dry.  How hard is it to put some local or natural dressing on that?  The portion was big; I'll give Fuel that much.  Next, I had the turkey sandwich (because they did not seem to have the fixings for the much ballyhooed Thanksgiving sandwich).  The sandwich was large, but again, mostly flavorless.  I suppose if you want to feel  good about yourself by eating what probably is good for you, this is an ok place.  I walked directly to another place to get more food though because I felt like I ate a lot of nothing.  I will not return to Fuel as the whole place is running on empty!Everything I've ever ordered from here has been excellent! I work at a salon, and everytime someone gets word that I'm ordering from here they jump to be included! 
It's nice to have a very healthy and fresh alternative to ordering out. They deliver so quickly as well. My favorites include the chicken and gorganzola wrap, the tuna wrap (prepared w lemon and oil, no mayo) and the sweet pea mash.... And on a sat if I don't have time to 'eat' I order one of their healthy smooties, mixed berry being my favorite!I ordered the ginger rice bowl and nearly gagged as I struggled to finish it.  The chicken was dry.  The entirely meal was overly salty.  The portion size didn't match the $12-13 price tag (including taxes). I hope for the sake of the restaurant that there are better items on the menu.  Otherwise, I can't imagine how a place like this stays open in a city with such great food.I like coming here after the gym to get some low cal but healthy food despite the overpriced food. But this might just be the last time. They offer a special on paninis before noon where you get one for $6 instead of $8 or $9. However, some of the waiters seem to have difficulty charging the correct price. You also get 10% off your bill if you show a receipt from a day within the past week. They also seem to have an issue with honoring this discount.I was walking around Walnut Street, and I stumbled upon Fuel. I wasn't even that hungry - but I really loved the advertisement out front saying that "everything was under 500 calories." Being a health nut, I was drawn in and started looking at the menu. The menu was way more extensive than I thought it would be. I literally could've eaten anything on there. I was especially amazed by the breakfast menu. Any of my Yelp followers will tell you that breakfast is my favorite meal. One could say that I'm breakfast-obsessed. There were a few girls working there and it was pretty slow when I walked in. It was right after lunch time, so it was definitely downtime. I ordered a TBM pesto on a wheat wrap grilled and also a side order of sweet potato fries. The girl at the counter said that the TBM was the most popular. You can choose from any base - bread, wrap, or have it in a bowl- and then you choose your protein. You can basically customize anything they have there. The girl at the register said that the sweet potato fries are ordered all the time, so I decided I needed to try that out. The total came to $17 with tax and tip. I waited only 10 minutes to get my food. There are restrooms available for customers, and the place itself was very clean. I'm not sure if this place is new, but it seemed that way. I am interested to go back this weekend when they serve brunch until 4 PM. The breakfast items look delicious and so did the smoothies and juices. If I have time tomorrow I will definitely stop by! When I got back to my hotel and ate the food, I was disappointed because the wrap that I ordered was pretty gross. I know it's healthy and all, but come on. The chicken was very dry and hard. Nearly impossible to eat, however the sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious. They weren't fried, they were perfectly cooked and also had a hot sauce - ketchup hybrid that made the fries even more delicious with seasoning on top! I liked the environment and the friendliness of this place, however wish the food was better. I'm going to try to give it another shot for the breakfast items.
As I mentioned, I did return back to try their brunch. I showed up around 2:30 PM on a Saturday afternoon. I had missed breakfast so I was in the mood for some eggs and meat. I decided to get their Fuel BLT breakfast sandwich. Michelle was my server who is also the previously mentioned girl at the counter. She was really great at explaining everything to me. I decided not to get a drink, but just the sandwich. I was amazed at how little time it took to come out. Definitely under 10 minutes. It came with a side salad. It was very big, I kind of had to eat it with a fork and use the bread as toast. It was good, but again - it was sort of dry and lacked flavor. I was just disappointed because although I still love the idea of this place, the only thing I truly enjoyed from there was this sweet potato fries from the first experience. Overall, you could probably pass on this restaurant, although the service is great, the menu is great, and the prices are reasonable - it really isn't delicious. The price was about $10 with tax.I probably order from Fuel 4-5 times a week and it literally is one of my favorite restaurants. They are always on time for delivery and friendly when they get here. Plus they are a very healthy restaurant!I have mixed feeling on how to fairly rate an establishment that attempts the tall task of creating healthy, instagrammable meals under 500 calories. Essentially any entree, or app for that matter at most restaurants in the city will clock in well over 500 calories - despite descriptions that may suggest the contrary.
Fuel respectably earns 3 solid stars.
Starting with chicken lettuce wraps, which, are a prime example of an oft considered "healthy" option at other establishments that are actually teeming with hidden calories. Fuel's take on chicken wraps actually taste healthy; good or bad depending on how you feel. They were fresh and light, but a bit dry and lifeless. I did, however, feel great about myself that I was eating these on a Friday night with a glass of water instead of something melty with a beer.
As for the turkey burger on pita. A very respectable turkey burger, with burnt edges (not in a bad way), and some sort of pseudo-Greek seasoning. To keep the burger just over 200 calories, it was a touch dry - however, similar to one I'd make at home. The baked sweet potato fries satisfied the desire to have a sweet-salty, starchy accompaniment; however, these were no "fries." 
For me, fuel is a definite stop during the week, for lunch, to go etc., but decidedly not the place to take friends to on a weekend night.
The rest of my vegetarian friends seemed to enjoy their various rice bowls and tofu wraps. However, no one brought out their phones to share their meals with others - which is probably all I needed to say in this review.Fruit Fuzzion smoothie was great! So was the Zen, though it's not as sweet. I've had their brunch before and was not disappointed, love how all the calories are posted. Great for something quick and healthy.We've been to Fuel several times and found it to be pretty decent. Our last visit this past weekend left us less than impressed, though. While we had a hilarious server and decent lemony hummus, whoever was doing the cooking was burning off more than just extra calories. My chicken and artichoke panini featured chicken that was drier than the bread it was served on and the two other sandwiches we tried were pretty meh. The smoothies were good as always, though. While the concept of healthy, low calorie fare is a good one, I doubt that the folks at Fuel want us to save even more calories by having us eat just half of our food.Great place for healthy food!! I love the sweet potato avocado panini, but everything else I've had has been good as well. The detox smoothie is fantastic as well, so much I've yet to try anything else. They deliver, and it's alright service, I've had a few problems in the past, better to pick it up if you can.Great gluten free options with bread that tastes like regular breads! Everything is fresh and there are lots of combinations and variety. Order for take out or sit and eat it there!4 stars because:
-Everything under 500 calories (note that this does NOT include bread for sandwiches, chips for dip, etc. - so ask questions)
-Tons of vegetarian options
-Any sandwich can be gluten free
-Yummy, fresh food - I love the tomato basil mozz pesto sandwich.
-They are on like, every deal site known to man... there's a Yelp deal, Foursquare deal, Groupon Now deal, they're on LevelUp, they give you a 10% off coupon at the bottom of every receipt...
-Weight Watchers points listed right on the menu - although they are suspiciously low compared to the calories, which brings me to...
Not 5 stars because:
-My partner did some number crunching for the Weight Watchers points and things just don't add up. Next time I'm there, I'm going to ask for the full nutrition info. 
-Why not delineate which dishes are vegetarian or vegan on the menu?
-Service is consistently bad, but honestly, I can get over that if the food is good enough.Went to Fuel for takeout. Paid with a credit card. After I signed the receipt and gave it back to the cashier, she wrote in a tip. Found out when I checked my bank statement. Called the restaurant and eventually received a refund. Restaurant gave the excuse that receipts get mixed up. The reality was that the cashier knowingly stole money in the form of a tip on a credit card charge. Food tasted fine (ordered a salad).Fuel is delicious.  I always go for the veggie sandwiches (eggplant and goat cheese, roasted vegetables, etc) and they are really hearty and good.  My friend got the tuna sandwich and it was extremely delicious - it came with this lemon aioli sauce that was remarkable.
Be sure to check out their juicebar.  Fresh, and so good.  I recommend the Detox.  You'll feel purified, trust me.
It's a little pricey but I think you get what you pay for in terms of the quality of the food.  Also, I don't like eating in the restaurant because of the seizure-inducing music videos they play in addition to the bright lime green walls..If your on a diet or if you aren't on a diet FUEL has delicious food! As a vegetarian it has a multitude of options which is always nice. I ordered the T.B.M. with pesto and it was really good. I'll deft be back again to try some of their other sandwiches. I hear the smoothies are good as well. Can be a tad pricey compared to surrounding restaurants but worth it in my opinion.What a great spot. So many amazing choices and I couldn't decide. We sampled a variety if items and loved them all. Took a Togo menu home and will be back. A must go!!!!I brought a groupon deal for this place and finally decided to use it last week.  I really like it, they have very healthy selection of foods on their menu and outdoor seating.  Its near the gayborhood section of downtown philly so, it gives on a nice city feel.  I had the grilled cheese on what and my gf had the chicken flat bread with peanut sauce, in which both was delicious.  They have a lot more stuff I would like to try on the menu so I will definitely be visiting this place again.My friend and I periodically eat lunch there but this past Monday tested our desire to ever go back - seated early but 30 minutes after placing our order were still not served as the place filled up and people not only were served but were finishing up - our waitress basically hid from us and when finally served the food was a joke - the add on sweet potato fries consisted of 8 small limp skin on lumps of something-  terrible waitress, horrible food and left wondering why we will ever go again.  Best we can think is that we are seniors and they just did not want us there! So seniors beware!I've had two experiences with this place.
One, I walked over to get a banana whip, which was.... not great. If you're looking for banana 'icecream,' it's definitely worth the few extra blocks down to Yellow Juice Bar. Fuel's whip was somehow dry, and they put a lot of whipped cream on top of it without asking, which was odd. (Although they gladly made me another one when I requested one without the dairy!)
Two, we recently ordered catering for a work lunch. It was AWESOME. You get a decent amount of food for the money. The sandwiches were interesting combinations, and the salads had more than enough toppings on them besides lettuce, an issue we regularly have with other salad joints. Plus their catering manager was friendly, professional, and delivered it himself. Definitely recommend their catering.I love Fuel. It's only a few blocks from my office and it offers a variety of low-calorie, healthy-while-still-being-yummy food. 
I tend to be boring when ordering lunch so I always get the eggplant and goat cheese panini, which is always delicious. 
I usually have to add something on since the minimum delivery amount is $15 and today I ordered the Spicy Grilled Shrimp appetizer which was also delicious.
My only gripe about this place is the amount of time it takes for them to deliver. 
Today, I placed the order a few minutes before 11am (I was hungry, ok?) but the food arrived after 12pm. Over an hour for a panini? 
Unfortunately that is the one thing that often deters me from ordering from here, especially when I am extra hungry. 
But for days when I can be patient, I guess it is sort of worth the wait....Delicious; the perfect after-gym recharging spot. Portion sizes are filling without being over the top (and can be paired with an app if you did indeed want to stuff your face). Pretty good selection of smoothies to top it all off, too.Stopped by before Superbowl mayham. My rice bowl is undercooked and underwhelming. The rice is undercooked, the dish lacks spice.  Disappointing experience overall.  I miss what fuel used t be.When you're out looking for some good fairly quick grub on a Friday night, a sign noting "500 calories or less" is typically not what I like to see. I want a burger, I want a beer, I want a gluttonous calorie feast. After all, I deserve it don't I? I worked hard all week for a little savory satisfaction.
So here I am on Friday and my friends say we HAVE to go to Fuel. But why? I say to them...it's health food...it can't possibly be good.
On the contrary and being rather dumbstruck by the food that sat in front of us, I had to hand it to them...maybe they knew what was up with the new kid on the Walnut fast food block. We started with chips and black bean salsa that was tasty, but kind of lacking on the black beans. We then migrated into dinner mode and out came a loaded roast turkey wrap with goat cheese for my male companion, a thai chicken wrap for my female companion, and a grilled cheese on wheat panini for myself. A grilled cheese with not one, not two, but THREE kinds of cheese? How can this possibly be healthy? Maybe it was the spinach and tomatoes tossed in, but I wasn't about to question it. The lemon cream cheese that was used was absolutely delightful. Each dish came with a salad with a light balsamic vinegar type dressing, and each for being under 500 calories was equally enjoyable.
The restaurant itself has kind of a strange vibe, maybe because I remember it being a home goods store previously, or maybe it was the loud house music, or the plastic furniture...at least the food makes up for it's off-beat ambiance.
My only qualm is that they don't open early enough to pick up a juice or smoothie for breakfast, they're more of a designated lunch/dinner joint; I guess it's not much of a complaint and look forward to trying out the juice bar in the future.Was strolling down Walnut Street in CC and came across Fuel. Loved that everything is under 500 calories.  First impression  was the staff. Wow! So friendly. Patricia took really good care of me. She recommended the TBM as a salad. I added Salmon and it was delicious.  Thanks for the hospitality  and great service.I order from here 4-5 times and month and I can say that everything is always made fresh and is delivered fast!  I try not to eat out during lunch often but I always know I will get a reliably health meal with Fuel.Love fuel. Awesome juices, great casual and quick healthy meals or snacks. Never been let down and highly recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite in center city.I have a passion for food -- not the complex, "Top Chef" five-star kind.  I am more of a comfort food, meat-and-potatoes kind of guy.  My friends would say that I probably eat out too much.  This often results in a regular evening of working out at the gym, followed by a contradictory post-workout meals with too many desserts.  
After sticking to the same familiar places for 2010, I have started to introduce some new favorites to my repertoire.  In particular, I was on the lookout for restaurants that serve up something delicious and inexpensive (minus the guilt).  Then I found "the one" -- FUEL!
Q102's Rocco Cima opened two FUEL locations, Passyunk Avenue and Walnut Street.  FUEL combines my passion for desserts with appealing main courses, reasonable prices, quick service, upbeat music and fun stylings.
Oddly, when I encountered FUEL at last year's Taste of Passyunk event I was not impressed.   I had read about the banana whip which was written up all over town.  I tried a sample and it tasted rather plain, especially to someone who plans his days around the locations of the best cupcakes.  The whip wasn't "bad," but it was not something for a dessert lover. In fact, it tasted like something you would get from a health counter inside the gym.  It also was not filling.  Then, during the holidays, I was shopping on Passyunk for some gifts.  It was cold out and I saw the sign for Tomato Basil soup.  I stopped for a quick bowl and ended up ordering a full meal.  I would soon learn that the banana whip short-changed this amazing place!  They had so many other great things to offer.   And offer they have!
Since December I have been to a FUEL location once a week.  I have tried their great selection of flavored, sugar-free coffee drinks.  I have sampled six different sandwiches and salads.  I feasted on treats like Key Lime Pie, Chocolate Mousse Cake, Strawberry Rhubarb Tarts, Pumpkin Cheesecake, and an upgraded Banana Whip with Nutella.  More importantly, however, is the calories I have NOT eaten.  A soup, sandwich, side salad, coffee drink and dessert weighs in at under 750 calories -- all for under $20!
Check out FUEL at 1917 East Passyunk Ave. and at 1225 Walnut Street.  You can visit them online at www.fuelphilly.com.  You can also follow their daily specials and events on Facebook.   When you go, check out these tasty items: 
Chocolate Mousse Cake - One of 2010's best desserts (with half the calories!)
Key Lime Pie
Tomato Basil Soup
South Philly Sandwich
High Protein Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Grilled Chicken SandwichI'll start with the positives. The service was fast and the sea salt chips are good. That's where it ends.
I love a good Turkey wrap, so I went with the Roasted Turkey on Wheat wrap. This was one of the saltiest things I have ever eaten in my life. It felt like I bit into a salt lick. To the point my lips were literally burning. Needless to say, it was a complete waste of $12. I tried to force myself to eat it, cause I'm hungry and can't leave the office for another 4 hours now. I couldn't do it. 
This was my first, and now last time, i'll ever visit a FUEL.I've been meaning to try Fuel for some time, because many items on the menu appeal to me.  I finally stopped in for take-away, and tried an eggplant and goat cheese panini and an "islander" drink. The panini was really tasty, and the pesto and arugula were really nice flavor additions. I was also really happy that it included a side salad.  For the "islander", I think my expectations were a bit off.  I was expecting a smoothie texture, but it was more icy than I thought it would be.
I appreciate how much the restaurant focuses on nutrition, providing calorie counts, weight watchers points, gluten-free and veg-friendly options.  This is extremely rare in the area for a fast-food / cafe type restaurant.  I'll definitely be stopping back to try more paninis and appetizers.I came to Fuel Center City a few weeks ago on a Saturday early afternoon when I was in town for a conference. This was my second time to Fuel, but the first time at this location. 
The ambiance is a casual, seat-yourself, quick food type of place. However, there were people behind us sharing a bottle of wine and a good looking meal- so some people settle in for a bit longer :-). I ordered a T.B.M. with egg panini ($9.95)- tomato, basil pesto, mozzarella, and scrambled eggs. It was delicious. I also ordered a soy latte with sugar-free vanilla syrup ($3)... it came with some nutmeg on top and was one of the best lattes I've had.
The food came out quickly, the waitress was friendly, and we were able to linger at our table catching up for awhile without feeling rushed. The place wasn't too busy, which was nice. 
Two thumbs up- a good place to grab a casual brunch or lunch with a friend, with some interesting and unique (and healthy) options!Went to Fuel in Center City with my friend Nicole on Thursday, March 9th. A great weather day. Sunny with a breeze so we were able to take a table outside on Walnut Street. A lovely young lady, who i took to be the busperson, invitingly set a table and got menus and water for us. I admit that I didn't catch her name but she was so pleasant and accommodating that we instantly felt welcomed! I had already checked out the website so by the time our server, Fran, came to the table, we were ready to order appetizers. Nicole and I ordered the Buffalo shrimp which came with tasty gorgonzola and cilantro and a sauce that was not as hot as I would like, but I like spicy. Others might like it for being more mild. We also asked for a large order of sweet potato fries which were cooked perfectly, not soggy and heavy but rather kind of fluffy and airy for a potato dish. Very good! Served with basic ketchup. I would have liked to see another option as far as a sauce but that's a minor note. As far as drinks we were good with the water but I also ordered the protein buster smoothie- skim milk, peanut butter, banana, honey and 25 grams of whey protein! I was concerned at first that it would leave me feeling slowed down and sluggish but the smooth beverage actually picked me up for the rest of the afternoon!
As far as entrees my friend and I both ordered paninis. She got the grilled chicken with big pieces of artichoke (she had to take them out), provolone, mixed greens and sundried tomato spread. I requested the eggplant and goat cheese with pesto, roasted peppers, and arugula. It was a tough choice between that and the sweet potato and avocado panini which I will get next time I am here. The sandwiches came with a nice sized side salad with a light vinaigrette dressing which was very fresh! The only down note was that the sandwich began to fall apart midway through eating it in that the bread started to break down. A nice problem to have because the sandwich was well stuffed with great ingredients. The portions were just enough to be filling without feeling bloated and slowed down.
We skipped on dessert (maybe another time) and headed off to enjoy the sunny afternoon downtown. I can definitely recommend Fuel because of the variety and freshness of the menu, the service and the price range. Lunch here will not break you by any means!The menu at fuel is filled with healthy choices and the calories are listed beside each item (which I like).  I have eaten at fuel several times (how can you pass it up when there is a groupon listed almost all of the time?).  This time I ate the Grilled veggie panini and the baked potato soup.  My fiance had the Egg, turkey, and mozzarella wrap.  The food to me is always just ok.  It's not bad but it's not very good. The smoothies are pretty good (strawberry banana).I've been here twice. The first time it was just for dessert. The second time I got soup, panini, dessert, and a drink. I had the crab bisque it was yumm except for the excess amount of pepper. I had the T.B.M (tomato, basil pesto, and mozzarella). I got it on a white bread panini. I enjoyed everything about the sandwich except the pesto. It's partially because of my taste of food and the excessive amount that was on the sandwich. For dessert I had the dark chocolate mousse cake. At first I was skeptical because I love milk chocolate cake but not so much dark chocolate cake. Lucky for me it tasted vaguely of dark chocolate and I absolutely loved it and the raspberry sauce also. Throughout the night I sipped on Thyme Lemonade. I know what your thinking thyme what happened to the simple kind like raspberry or strawberry. I was thinking the same thing but I'm always up for new things so I sampled it and it was fantastic so I got a whole cup. Personally I feel like if you want great desserts and drinks come here rather than if you want appetizers and main courses. Also if you don't like bright colors and pop music this place is not for you. The walls are bright lime green and after a while the pop music videos that are played gets repetitive and headache inducing. Besides those cons just mentioned it's an okay place.Awesome food and smoothies. It's a shame their customer service is terrible. Even if the place isn't crowded plan on waiting for your waiter. 
If the food wasn't worth it I would not visit here.Eat Here! I order from Fuel all the time, both dine-in delivery. If you're looking for great tasting, healthy food, without high costs or long wait time,s Fuel is the place to go. Also - try their TBM with Pesto - it's awesome!I have been here three times so take this as you please.
Experience 1:  Waitress did not know what smoked salmon was even thought it is a staple on the menu  I paid 5 dollars for a smoothie that was very small.
Experience 2:  I shared the wonton app with a friend.  It was ok but nothing special.  Also, WAY overpriced.
Experience 3:  Waiter spills water on my boyfriend and  does not respond to our calling attention to it.  Good salad, shitty service.  Hummus app tasted like it was bathed in lemons- in a bad way.  
I won't be returning after the shit service we had.Came here with a work friend for lunch one day, sat outside because it was summer. I got a shrimp salad of some sort which was very good, but I was still a little hungry once I finished. Prices were a little high for the amount of food you get. Very fresh ingredients though!"Good food, strange ambiance" is how I would sum up Fuel on Walnut Street. It's like a cross between a gym, an Old Navy, and a lunch place. The ceiling is high, the floors are hardwood, and from the TV pumps out fast-paced dance music, which makes this place feel like a gym. Plus, everyone wears an all-black shirt/pant uniform. So, for me it's not really a cozy place to sit and have lunch. However, the food is tasty and they have a lot of choices.I am so happy that there is a place in Center City now that you can get a healthy meal that won't break the bank. It's also conveniently located around the corner from 12th Street Gym. Perfect for an after workout meal.I'm putting them right down the middle for a few reasons. We ordered from them for delivery last week, and it took over two hours for them to arrive. We actually ended up canceling the order before they even made it to our building because we were so disappointed.
But to my surprise, the next day they stopped by our office an a complimentary wrap tray and their apologies. And I must say, the tray was a big hit, and all under 500 calories.
I still have faith in this company. Maybe I'll give them a second try.My friend brought me here because I have no clue how to eat healthy out. Great atmosphere. Clean not only eating wise. The food is amazing sweet potato rissoto and the smooth chocolate covered banana. I'm totally coming back and the price is great to.Overall I liked Fuel, with one service complaint. The menu is great and I wanted to try several things. I chose the falafel burger (I forget it's official name). It was yummy although the burger totally fell apart. The sweet potato fries are soo good and baked- everything is much healthier here. I like how you can find calorie content for all menu items. Also, lots of vegetarian and gluten free options if you are looking for that. I liked the ambiance for the most part, however, because of the layout of the restaurant some of the tables are in nooks and crannies which may be why I felt like we were abandoned by the waiter. The waiter literally said to us at one point, "I honestly forgot all about you guys. I'm sorry." Everything we needed took a little longer - ordering, getting the check, waiting for the credit card to come back, etc - this was my first experience, so I don't know if it was the waiter or if they were understaffed, etc. I noticed a new table next to me getting antsy because it was taking so long for the waiter to take their order that I actually said something to the waiter on their behalf to get him over there - haven't had to do that before! Overall I liked it, but next time I'll either sit near the counter or be prepared to hunt down the waiter if needed.I only went to Fuel because I bought a groupon that was $20 of food for $11.  Originally I wanted to use it for the University City location, but then I realized the small print stated the coupon could only be used for dine-in locations.  After trekking to the center city location, I ordered the shrimp and avocado salad and a chai tea.  I pointed to the regular tea on the menu, which was only $1.50, but the server brought me the chai latte, which ended up being $3, instead and didn't inform me that they did not have regular chai.  The chai latte tasted like it was made from a Keurig machine and was unappealingly artificially sweet.  The salad was disappointing as well.  It was basically all spinach, and barely any of the other ingredients.  The shrimp was absolutely tasteless.  Since it was dine-in, after paying for tip, the price was basically the same as ordering the food for takeout without the coupon.  I would definitely not go back again.