Nice little spot for some tea or coffee, even lunch. Right off passyunk.  A nice staff and indoor and outdoor seating.
Eye catching little store front.
Pretty good food if you are vegan ir vegetarian.
RecommendedI've ordered delivery from this location several times, and I've been disappointed every time. The quality of the dishes I order are atrocious, the food looks like it was thrown in to the travel container, and it tastes terrible! The smoothie is filled with many large chunks of ice so I feel like I chew every gulp, or my flatbread is totally burned! Incredibly disappointed, and I won't be ordering from here again.This is my new favorite place for takeout. Everything I've tried so far has been delicious. The kale salad is soooo good and especially if you add chicken to it. I love that there is a place I can order healthy food for takeoutThis is a revised review.  My initial review upon consideration was a bit harsh and pretty unflattering.  I wrote the following revision because Rocco, the owner, chef responded to my initial posting.  His response demonstrated that he cares about the quality of his food and his customers.  Rocco is a class act and in this day and age customer service goes a long way.  While the following is not a love letter it is a less visceral review of our Fuel dining experience...
Fuel keeps you going and this restaurant fits that bill, but I was not wowed by the food.   The concept is healthy food options all less than 500 calories; however when we received our food they seem really liberal with the oil on the turkey wrap, and I question how they calculate the nutrition of their menu items.  We live very close to the restaurant and after passing by for many months decided to finally give it a try and got some food delivered.  When it was delivered in less than 15 minutes I was concerned about the quality of what we were receiving and the attention to detail in its preparation.  For me, the food was uninspired and given the calorie counts perhaps more could have been done with flavor.  My husband ordered the turkey wrap that arrived with oily pesto soaking through the wrap; however he reported liking it.  I had the sweet pea dip with grilled wonton skins.  It was good and I like the idea of it a lot.  The high protein grilled cheese arrived with the cheese not at all melted on hard crusted bread whose crunch factor was a bit much for me.  However; the lemon cream cheese addition was delicious   The sandwich did not represent the comforting grilled cheeses of my youth, and I think that was what I was in the mood for and so my initial review may well have been clouded by my expectation of something more familiar and comforting.  I also feel our $24 cost was a bit pricy for an appetizer and 2 sandwiches, but as I have learned from my communication with Rocco that everything is made in house that cost may well be relative.  
I generally am not one of those nice foodies who tries a place 2 or 3 times to get a more balanced perception, but I truly appreciate the concept and the fact that Rocco had the chutzpah to respond to my negative review with aplomb makes me think we will probably give Fuel another try.  The concept is a really good one and I appreciate the health conscious bent.Go to for sandwiches and salads on the avenue- they post the calorie count for everything and have plenty of healthy protein filled options!Horrible food I had in quite a while. Worse that any mall food court. Had the Korean BBQ chicken wrap. Chicken was gray and disgustingly dry!!
Nothing good about it, lack flavor and the wilted side salad was a disgrace. If I could give zero stars they earned it.First time visitor.... I got the Fuel chopped salad w/ chicken.... everything was fresh and it tasted amazing. I would absolutely go back.Food is not bad at all. Could use a little more meat in most of the sandwiches. I would give the restaurant a rating of 4 out 5 stars. However, their delivery service is awful. Typically takes 1.5 hours for them to come even if you are less then 1 mile from their establishment.Fuel has some good healthy options for takeout. Food is good. A bit expensive, but worth it if you're in a pinch.I had dinner here with a friend who bought a Groupon and I really liked it! We really enjoyed it and will be back. 
We started with a Spicy Shrimp Skewer appetizer to share. It was seasoned perfectly because we both like spicy things and it was very spicy. It was served on top of a yogurt and cucumber dip that helped combat the spice. 
 For my main entree I ordered a Roasted Turkey Panini on Wheat bread and it was served with a side salad. The panini was so good! It had goat cheese, pesto and on it with some greens. It was delicious and I recommend it!Best quick healthy food in town. The south Philly wrap is delicious and they are always incredibly friendly.I ordered the vegetable wrap pretty decent, I'll go back and try a different item, me and the dining room was a very clean.Great for takeout...love the sandwiches and the quality of the food, but the restaurant itself is equivalent to going to a club as other reviews have noted.my son and i are trying to live a healthy lifestyle. and because i hate to food shop, there was nothing in the house. delivery rarely has healthy options. so i googled and found fuel. super impressed. i had a brie, cranberry and apple chutney flatbread and a turkey goat cheese, pesto on a wheat wrap. my son had a grilled cheese and some kind of green pea ap. he had a mango madness juice and i had the detox. i am never a fan of juice, but this was super yummy and i actually felt healthier after i had it. i will say, for delivery, it was the biggest bill i ever had for 2, but it was worth it. i will now make fuel a regular stop on my bike rides thru the city. i need to try more of these amazing juices and smoothies!!!Delicious food, attentive owner and staff.  Love the carrot ginger smoothie.This is a hole in the wall gem. This restaurant is a block away from Broad Street. Parking is metered street parking, and you may have difficulty finding a spot close to the restaurant. By 5pm, the 6 metered spots nearest to the restaurant is only for valet parking for the restaurant next door. Fuel is not handicap accessible, there is only limited seating capacity. Their single Male/Female bathroom is large and clean. Our waitress was friendly and helpful. The Sweet Pea Wonton we had was delicious. I am on a hot mission to try and find a similar or exact replica of this dish online so I could make it at home. The Smoked Salmon Wrap and Fuel Stacker Panini were both delicious. I have no complaints at all. I left satisfied but not overstuffed. I will definitely return back here again.A HUGE improvement has been made as far as the smoothies are concerned. 
The soup de jour is a MUST. So far I've sampled the thai chicken with red curry, lobster bisque, and baked potato, and I have never been disappointed. 
The paninis are also very good. I got the roasted vegetable one (kinda unwillingly, since I'm really not a fan of roasted veggie sandwiches, but had to watch my post-holiday caloric intake) and was very pleasantly surprised. The balsamic vinegar wasn't overwhelming as it tends to be on other shop's sandwiches. 
I'm a bit disappointed that their delivery time tends to take a bit longer than they say it will, but I will chalk that up to dealing with lunchtime traffic in Philly.Fuel is my go to spot since I am constantly watching what I eat. 
My favorites include:
Roasted Turkey Salad (pretty fulling)
Sweet Pea Wonton App
Protein Buster Shake 
smoked salmon and goat cheese egg white frittata (brunch only)
Keep in mind that the bread is not included in the calorie count of items and that the bread slices are less calories than the wraps. 
The coffee is a bit weak for my tastes, as well and for a banana whip I would go to HipCityVeg since theirs are much creamier.I order Fuel a fair amount because the delivery is very convenient for when I don't want to leave the office for lunch. The delivery is always very fast and the employees are nice, but to me the food can be hit or miss. Sometimes the wraps I get are very dry and somewhat bland. Even though the food doesn't wow me, I keep going back because it is so convenient, and so I have eventually found items on the menu I do really like. Their hummus is really amazing, maybe some of the best hummus I have ever had. Unfortunately, that is one of the few items I can really rave about. I often get smoothies as well, but I usually don't like them. Any smoothie with mango in it is full of mango fibers that get stuck in your teeth and are very irritating. I will probably still go back because of the convenience, but I can't really give a sparkling review.Simple and great tasting food is here at FUEL.  I had the South Philly Panini with chicken, cheese, roasted red peppers, and it came with a small side salad with balsamic dressing.  The only complaint was that they burned the bread a bit.  But it was a nice size and filling.
My coworker and I also had the guacamole which was really good.
FUEL had a Yelp deal $15 for $20 which I was allowed to purchase online before ordering and use.  Nice!  I also like that they have the calorie counts.  Next time I'll try one of their fruit blend drinks.One of the best in the city. Everything is fresh and natural/organic, for the price everything is amazing and eating organic rarely is ever cheap. For the area I would say the food is cheap! (Does price really matter that much when the food is always good?) I was a little bit scared before trying because I've never really tried and liked a lot of other food like it, but I can say that I absolutely loved it. I even took home my left over wrap and it was still really good the next day. If you're ever in the area please try it, you wont regret it. It's so good!! Good job Fuel team, keep up the good work. I will keep coming back and would gladly recommend to anyone in the city.Great place dine in or get delivery. Just started eating healthy and this was the best spot to start with!!! Small and cozy inside a lil pricey but worth itFuel has great healthy food, but really slow service and inconsistent.  The delivery is pretty quick, but inconsistent product (burnt pannini), sweet pea wonton also varies in taste.  I have eaten in twice and for a quick food place, it took over 1.5 hours each time and the waitstaff got many things wrong.  Seems like a staffing or management issues.  I hope they figure it out, I like the food and idea alot!  I will go back and keep my fingers crossed the service gets addressed soon.I ordered here one night out of desperation and in attempt to stay healthy but too exhausted to cook. I ordered a Ginger Tofu bowl and a fresh juice the Hulk. The bowl was very bland and little veggies and tofu ($11.95), way too overpriced in my opinion. Next is the fresh juice, the cup was filled with ice so there wasn't much juice there. Won't be a second time here!Ordered a Caesar salad with grilled shrimp to go. The shrimp was way too salty and the salad had more cheese and croutons than lettuce. Giving 2 stars because my husband seemed to enjoy his Thai rice bowl.Fuel is great. Everything is under 500 calories, tastes delicious and isn't complicated. It's not cheap, but eating healthy rarely is and I have noticed specials regularly. I think they also participate in Level Up, so you could get a little return on investment if you use that to pay every time. 
They have great juice options, too!Protein grilled cheese is a must!  This is one of the tastiest grilled cheeses I've had in a long time!  It's a classic dish, but with a twist.  There's a mixture of cheeses, tomato, and some greens.  I think what sets it apart is the cheese mixture.  There's a hint of lemon in the cream cheese or something that really brightens the flavor.  I've gotten this twice now, and it's definitely one of my favorites!  The grilled cheese comes with a little salad with a balsamic dressing on the side.I'm not a vegetarian. Not even close. I just started eating salads a few weeks ago. There just something I put up with. I decided to try the spinach strawberry salad for lunch and had the feta cheese instead of what it came with "can't remember". Well it was amazing. Now that I know salads can be delicious. I'm pretty certain I'll eat more of them. 
The place it self is small but comfortable and the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Service was also fairly quick. Extra props for getting this guy to like a salad enough to right a review about it!Sick food. Great food. Great everything. Great staff. Fresh food. Great atmosphere. Healthy tooFood ordered:
- Strawberry Spinach Salad
- South Philly Panini
- Coffee
- Espresso
Pros:
- I really like how the pecans, strawberry, cheese and spinach provide an integration of a sweet and salty flavour with crunchy texture.  
- The roasted peppers and chicken in the South Philly Panini was really juicy which balanced off with the crusty bread.
- I really like the electronic/indie music they play in the background, and there's no wait for food or service.
Cons:
- Coffee and Espresso was diluted.  When we informed the waiter, his excuse to justify the bland flavour was "oh, that's how our restaurant makes our coffee/espresso".
Recommendations:
To the waiter who served us:  Rather than acting defensive over something simple like coffee, inform the customer that you appreciate their advice and you'll pass it along to whoever brewed it.I'll keep this quick and to the point.  I ate in one time with my G/F and the atmosphere was horrifying.  Kinda felt like I was at a Euro night at some club in Wild Wood, NJ also the place is always filled with smoke.  So now I only do take out.  Not too big on their food, Chocolate Mousse Cake is awesome and so are their smoothies.  Besides that they really don't have much to offer. Fuels staff is kinda of terrible also.  Not sure if I have some type of complex but every-time I step foot in this place I kinda get this terrible vibe.  Muscle maker grill any day over Fuel. Bottom line if you live near this area and need some quick food stop by...... Or just go to Plenty down the street.A tale of two Fuels...(lame yelpy start, sorry)
I tried Fuel a few weeks ago for the first time and LOVED it. Our waitress was great, and I wish I could remember her name. It felt a little gym-like but whatever. It's not really a place to relax and swirl you wine glass, so atmosphere isn't a big deal. 
Ordered: Spicy shrimp skewers with creamy yogurt sauce. It was great - definitely spicy, light, refreshing, and the shrimp were cooked perfectly. 
Also, I had a TBM Stacker salad and added shrimp. It was fantastic. Filling, fresh mozz and tomatoes, and a really bright, flavorful pesto dressing. Loved it. My boyfriend had a South Philly panini, and the bite I had was pretty tasty. He also ordered a banana-pineapple-honey smoothie which was really light and yummy. We walked away really impressed, and were super excited to return, and so we did this past Thursday. 
Womp womp. It was a disaster the 2nd time. I will spare the details of our waitress's issues, but there were definitely major customer service issues. More importantly, the food was just not as good. My salad was doused in balsamic that I didn't have the first time, and while it was fine, it kind of felt like something I could have screwed up in my own kitchen and would say "eh, not my best work, but I'm not throwing this whole salad away. I'll live with it." It was really a bummer, and the waitress issues on top of that made it overall a total letdown. 
Anyway, we're going to try take out next time. I won't stop going because I really relish a dependably healthy option in our super caloric-pasta-wine-and-Mexican food neighborhood where it's easy to eat terribly. Plus, crappy nights at good restaurants happen. I'll try to hold on to how great that first batch of food was. I just hope someone works with the waitress to improve her customer service skill set.Best place to have a quick meal that fills you up and is healthy too! My favorites are the hummus and the TBM chicken sandwich. Fun environment and the service is always attentive and friendly.I'm confused, is it a cafe, is it a gym, or is it a dance club?
I've had sandwiches a few times from here and they have been very very good.  I love paninis and they offer tasty combinations and even tell you the calorie counts for their offerings.  I don't count calories much myself but it's nice to know that they print them.
I've had the south philly sandwich and most recently, the smoked salmon panini.  The smoke salmon panini with spinach, lemon cream cheese and red onion hit the spot.  It was light and delicious.  I think they are a bit pricey for the size of the sandwich but the ingredients are definitely fresh.
My opening comment refers to the overall feel of the place.  The walls are a bright pink and have greens splattered around which I found a bit tough to look at.  The tv's are playing techno/dance music and at a volume of what you'd hear in a gym and on their own tv station, Fuel TV.  I actually opted to take my sandwich to go because I was in a rush and wasn't in the right mindset to sit down and eat.
They are on grubhub and delivered very quickly.  They present their food simply, the sanwich, some greens and a balsamic vinaigrette.  They are a goto for takeout.I had the South Philly Panini on wheat and the food was delicious. Great presentation. Fresh taste. The overall decor is okay. Our server was excellent but it did take awhile for our food to come out which was frustrating because we were on a time schedule. Overall great experience and would go back again.Food, excellent.. No denying that. I must say however the service was horrible. I don't know if the waitress was scattered or just plain overwhelmed. She was polite but very un-attentive. It took forever to place our order, no drink refills.  Tables needed to be bused and it was not that busy. A 3 star rating for the food! Fuel never fails there. However, I will not be returning to the Passyunk Ave spot.Oh my God, this place is ridiculously delicious. And the prices are great. I expect stuff billed as "healthy" like this to be more expensive than a random hoagie joint--it's not! Wow!I stopped in a while back and had the best soup I've ever had.  Rocco made a sweet potato soup that was out of this world!  There was even fruit in it to give it  some crunch.  I know it's mostly a seasonal item - consider putting it on the menu permanently!  The staff was incredibly friendly.I've had better experiences at this location and the center city one before. Went on a Wednesday night around 8pm to get takeout. Waited 5 minutes standing to place my order (3 or so before I was even acknowledged) while the guy working the register incorrectly charged the woman before me. Once I ordered it took more than 25 minutes to get one rice bowl, which I paid a couple bucks extra to add broccoli to. They mentioned the meal was spicy when ordering and I am normally okay with that, but when I got home, I found 4 pieces of broccoli (for $2-3 extra?!) and what appeared to be about 4-5 cups of brown rice with a few broken pieces of tofu in it. My order was $15 for that and a lemonade but it was basically rice with red pepper. Tasting the rice bowl, all you could take was pepper. No ginger or any of the other flavors noted in the description for the ginger tofu bowl. I was only able to each a few spoonfuls before being so overwhelmed with spice. And I love spicy food. It was not enjoyable and I question how the meal was under 500 calories with basically 4 cups of brown rice, whatever flavoring was in it and a couple pieces of mushed up tofu. That much brown rice alone would be close to 800 calories with nothing else in it.
I am not sure if there was something wrong that night and thats why this meal was so horribly over-spiced and not aligned with their 500 calorie and under claim and why it took so incredibly long.
Was not impressed and not sure I will go back to this location again. Way too much money for very little edible food.
Also, looked for a way to contact the restaurant with my complaint besides just phone and found no feedback form or email except for wanting to open a franchise....Been here a million times and it's always good quality and good service! I love their salads and their business concept.Bring a friend with you and get something you both like and try something new to share.Went here for the first time today and was very pleasantly surprised!
The ambience leaves something to be desired: It's as if the owner couldn't decide whether to start a gym or a restaurant, so decided to start a restaurant with gym music and decor.
The food was great though! They have plenty of vegetarian options, and everything on the menu (even dessert!) is under 500 calories--most well under 500. I had the chocolate mousse cake for dessert, and never would have guessed there were only 330 calories in it.
The servers were super sweet and attentive. Plus they do delivery!The staff was friendly and inviting. The hostess explained the whole menu to me and broke down his personal favorites. I also enjoyed my tofu Thai wrap with peanut sauce on the side.After a frantic Saturday morning/afternoon hunt for an appropriate bachelorette in AC outfit, my friend and I stopped in here after being allured by the "everything under 500 calories" marquee. We got take out and laughed when we saw the portion sizes. "Ah," we agreed. "This is why everything is under 500 calories." We were pleasantly surprised however, that we were completely sated. I had the eggplant and goat cheese wrap and she had the FUEL stacker. I was so happy, in fact, my husband and I ordered delivery last night. The prices COULD be lower, but it is good, solid, food. I had the tuna salad and hummus last night and my husband had the roasted turkey panini. FUEL will certainly be added to our delivery rotation. EDITOR'S NOTE: I have to change my rating. When you order Fuel through Grub Hub, their delivery times are AWFUL and never accurate.If you're going healthy style this is the place to go! Very knowledgeable, very accommodating staff. If you have a special diet they will suggest options on the menu or may even create a specific dish for you. I'm a new fan and will return often so as to continue a couple of my new years resolutions (eat healthier and drop a few lbs)!You can't go wrong with a menu full of dishes for under 500 calories. There are a tong of vegetarian options which I appreciate. The decor is lacking, but the food more than makes up for it. Great prices for great eats!So far my wife and I have ordered twice from here and everything has been good. the spicy shrimp are just as advertised. the sweet pea wonton is awesome. the rice bowls seem to be our favorite.  the sweet potato risotto is great.  delivery has been good (did thru grub hub). if you are tired of the same thing and want to eat a little more healthy,  fuel is the way to go.I've been in the neighborhood for a while, and I guess I was never too eager to check this place out since I'm more of a burger and grease kinda guy.  
I have to say I was quite impressed with the flavors.  I was worried that things would be lacking in that department -- but I was pleasantly surprised.  
I was also worried about the portions, and I was happy to see that my sandwich was just the right size for a big dude like me. 
For food quality this place deserves a four, but overall I decided to give it a three because it could use a little love in the decor/ambience, as well as the ventilation.  That can be a tough thing to fix, but often worth it.  Lastly, the service was a bit slow, but I recognized that the kitchen was trying to fill many many delivery orders.I feel duped!! 
I kept wondering how they came to their under 500 calorie claim, as it didn't seem to add up.  How can something with ingredients such meat, cheese, pesto, etc., AND bread add up to only approx 300-400 calories?  Without sacrificing relatively good flavor?? Lo and behold, on the very last page of the menu, at the bottom of the page, I see that calorie counts do NOT include bread.  How do you have a section for panini's and wraps, list calorie counts, but then state that the bread/wrap is not included??
 Well, for those of you who are calorie/carb/points counting, feel free to add at least an extra 200 calories to the listed calorie counts in the menu--bringing the calorie count for most of their panini's/wraps to well above 500 calories.  What kind of trickery and dishonesty is this??  So disappointed. Just be honest and avoid the gimmicks, Fuel!  And how about you actually list the calorie/carb  count for the panini bread/wraps that you  conveniently excluded from your menu. 
And if I'm wrong, and somehow misread or misinterpreted the menu, I would love for one of the owners to address this....if not, I'll take  your silence as an admission of guilt.It's a healthier option but you won't be full.
I did enjoy the waffles.
The bowls are amazing.
Pick more protein if you are given the option to.Fresh and tasty food.  Service was present and available.  I would definitely repeat for a fast lunch.Little funky vibe but great food. Too  much dressing on their salad. Need to work this out.
OK, You're big boys now, Hire an Interior designer to get rid of the greasy floor and weird ass vibe in the dining room. Better yet - get on a celebrity food show!I usually love Fuel, however today I ordered over $17 worth of food and got stiffed on my Hulk juice.  I paid for the large, and even paid the extra $1 for an Energy Boost, and my drink was almost 2 inches short of a full glass.  It really makes me not want to order from them again.  Such a shame.I've definitely enjoyed some stuff from Fuel, however, I feel as though they've disappointed me many times.  
 We order food to my work periodically and have gotten both smoothies and sandwiches.  On two separate occasions, my boss's smoothie contained a metal spoon and has also had shards of plastic floating around in another smoothie.  
Another time ordering, I got the chicken and gorgonzola (which is my usual choice because I love it) and I believe the gorgonzola was bad :(
After paying for one of my orders I tipped the delivery guy $2 for maybe a $12 bill and he responded with "that's it?"
I'm giving them 2 stars because their food is good most of the time (... when it's fresh and doesn't contain inanimate objects)I really loved the appetizers here. The shrimp canapes were simple, but delicious! I can see how the decor, music, and general ambiance could fool some people; it does detract from the typical idea of a "health food restaurant." 
The fact that there are calorie counts on the menu and that everything's under 500 calories makes eating here relatively guilt-free. Pretty delicious, too! Would definitely come back. The prices aren't bad, either. Every sandwich comes with a small side salad; nice touch.
When we came in on a quiet Sunday evening, there were just two guys working there. Although the service was friendly, it was like a library; kind of awkward. But the food was pretty good, and the huge selection of smoothies and coffee-like drinks was enticing. As more people came in, the service slowed down a lot.I used to love this place. I haven't been in awhile and I wanted something fresh so I decided to order from here. I got the tbm pesto with chicken. It was okay, nothing special. I also got the baked sweet potato fries. The second I opened the container I saw a bunch of gooey mushy sliced sweet potatoes. They were so mushy, they even felt wet. I tried to salvage them by putting them in the oven for a little bit but they couldn't be saved. I may go back again since I've had better experiences in the past but this definitely left a bad taste in my mouth.We have been ordering from Fuel for years.  Two recent bad experiences.  We will not be ordering again.  UNCOOKED CHICKEN!.  Completely raw in the middle.  Thai chicken wrap.  Nasty.My friends and I were looking for a nice lunch Sunday afternoon and we stumbled upon Fuel. We like to find places without searching the internet for where to eat. We thought Fuel would be a wonderful place to eat for a nice little lunch. Now I am not someone to complain, but every dish that came out was not appetizing at all. We described it as lunch from a terrible school cafeteria. We told each other that the food was awful but we were never going to complain to the waitresses or owner. Side note: the waitress only took our order and brought us our water and food out. Never once did she come back through out the time we were there to ask if we needed anything or refills. We sat and sat after we were finished and decided we had to pay at the front because no one was bringing out the check. Because we paid at the front we didn't see the obligation to tip. The friend that was last to pay heard the owner say "was something wrong with your meal because no one left my waitress a tip". Stunned by this, my friend said she would leave money on the table. The owner was extremely rude and continued to whisper things under her breath. She was the most unprofessional woman and if I could give this place zero stars I would.Update: Tried again.  It seems Fuel Actually is consistent - consistently mediocre. This time my chicken was pounded beyond recognition and burnt to a crisp.  Thank God the Gorgonzola cheese was delicious as it saved the sandwich.  This time my beloved pumpkin cheesecake left the worst taste in my mouth. As in freezer burn.  It clearly had that nasty stinky fridge/freezer taste to it.  PLEASE get your stuff together guys!!!!
I want to love Fuel and I love what they are trying to do, healthy food that tastes great.  My only issue with Fuel is consistency.  I have never eaten in, only ever takeout.  I generally get a panini on wheat bread, often the TBM pesto.  I almost always order the Pumpkin cheesecake because its generally delicious.  HOWEVER - the take out can range from fantastic to "did I REALLY just spend $20 for THIS?!?"  
I can create healthy delicious food at home, so if I'm going to spend $20 or more to "splurge" on take out, I expect it to be great every time.  You don't get that here unfortunately.  It disappoints me and leaves me looking for somewhere else to spend my splurge cash.I LOVE Fuel.  It's tough to find a place that serves light, healthy food that doesn't weigh you down the rest of the day.  My boyfriend ordered the veggie wrap and I had the Shrimp and Avocado salad.  The chilled shrimp on top was fresh and marinated perfectly.  The drinks are great too-he loved his Green Tea Matcha and I had the Give me a Tan which was delicious.  The only thing I might change is the Fuel TV which has weird videos and club music on.  Not my fave.  Otherwise, awesome place!Ah, one place in the city where I can finish an entire meal without feeling full to the point of popping. Fuel is a casual place with a health food vibe that doesn't detract from the taste, or produce anything super bizarre. They make a great selection of salads, sandwiches and wraps. I recommend any of the veggie options or the grilled cheese. A friend complained that the salmon wrap tasted "fishy"... but it's fish, so I'm not sure I see the problem.
 The smoothies come in fun flavor combos and are an excellent post-workout or post-night out pick me up. 
The atmosphere is designed to keep you in the healthy, energetic, kick ass and take names frame of mind. There is a ridiculously upbeat pop playlist on repeat, a little louder than is strictly necessary. It's entertaining enough during a quick lunch, but I'm surprised none of the staff has snapped from Ga-Ga overload. 
Anyway, Fuel is always close to empty when I'm there, which is a shame. Everyone should come check it out.I'm kind of obsessed with their sweet pea dip. I first tried Fuel's food when my friend ordered from them for her graduation party. The last time I was in the area, said friend was the one who picked me up from the airport, so we went to Fuel. I like the dip so much, I actually tried to make it at home. It was awful! They've got something special in their recipe that I haven't been able to replicate so far. If you guys tell me how to make it at home, I promise I won't share the info. ;-)
That said, I was less impressed by the rest of my order. Nothing was BAD, mind you, which is why they get an A-OK from me. But the sweet pea dip is the star of the what I've tried so far. I'll be sure to update my review if I return in the future.the food is good but it is never consistence. i always order the hummus and it never tastes the same . sometimes it is full of lemon flavor and sometimes there is no lemon at all. the same go for all the food if you order it twice it never tastes the same. that being said i have never eaten anthing i have not likedMy mom and I split the smoked salmon wrap and the chicken Gorgonzola wrap and both of them were incredible! With every wrap you get a side salad, and it's definitely enough to fill you up. For wraps, it's a bit on the pricey side, but the quality of the ingredients is well worth it, plus on weekdays from 11-12 they have $6 wraps! The only thing that really peeves me is the fact that the under 500 calories rule does not apply to the bread/wrap, which I only found out after getting it, not that I mind too much, but for strict dieters I feel as though that's something that needs to be in bold print on the menu.My best friend has been raving about FUEL since she discovered it during the months before her wedding.  Knowing that I have also been trying to eat healthy, she suggested we went here for a quick dinner to catch up one night.  I was a little skeptic at first but was pleasantly surprised with our experience.  The place itself is small but definitely cozy and I found parking at a meter right across the street.  We decided to try the Organic Thyme Lemonade and I really loved it, it was a little sweet though so I added water to tone it down.  I saw tons of items on the menu that looked awesome and I loved how the calories and protein counts were next to everything.  I've been trying to stick with GF/DF thing so I was happy to see the brown rice bowls and decided to have the Sweet Potato Risotto without any dairy (which our server told me wasn't a problem at all).  I was worried no dairy would make it taste bland but my generous sized bowl came out steaming hot and was absolutely delicious and had a nice kick of spice to it.  My best friend got one of the flatbreads that was cracker thin but also looked awesome and had housemade mozzarella on it. The best part was that I actually felt good eating my dinner, almost as if I was eating something I would have prepared for myself at my own house one night, only better and I had leftovers for lunch the next day.  As someone who is constantly trying to eat healthy, it was really refreshing to go out to eat and order something that didn't make me feel guilty.  Next time, I'd love to try the banana whips with nutella or one of their juices!I like the Fuel near Center City so I thought I'd give this a try. Bad decision. Disorganized, terribly long wait for a salad (30+ min for carryout for a salad...just 1 salad), and then they messed up my order. Quality of the salad was poor and I actually walked all the way back after opening up my food at home just to get a refund. I rarely do this but I felt like a fool to not. It's a shame b/c it's very busy so people obviously are looking for quick and healthy food but they are a mess.I have a passion for food -- not the complex, "Top Chef" five-star kind.  I am more of a comfort food, meat-and-potatoes kind of guy.  My friends would say that I probably eat out too much.  This often results in a regular evening of working out at the gym, followed by a contradictory post-workout meals with too many desserts.  
After sticking to the same familiar places for 2010, I have started to introduce some new favorites to my repertoire.  In particular, I was on the lookout for restaurants that serve up something delicious and inexpensive (minus the guilt).  Then I found "the one" -- FUEL!
Q102's Rocco Cima opened two FUEL locations, Passyunk Avenue and Walnut Street.  FUEL combines my passion for desserts with appealing main courses, reasonable prices, quick service, upbeat music and fun stylings.
Oddly, when I encountered FUEL at last year's Taste of Passyunk event I was not impressed.   I had read about the banana whip which was written up all over town.  I tried a sample and it tasted rather plain, especially to someone who plans his days around the locations of the best cupcakes.  The whip wasn't "bad," but it was not something for a dessert lover. In fact, it tasted like something you would get from a health counter inside the gym.  It also was not filling.  Then, during the holidays, I was shopping on Passyunk for some gifts.  It was cold out and I saw the sign for Tomato Basil soup.  I stopped for a quick bowl and ended up ordering a full meal.  I would soon learn that the banana whip short-changed this amazing place!  They had so many other great things to offer.   And offer they have!
Since December I have been to a FUEL location once a week.  I have tried their great selection of flavored, sugar-free coffee drinks.  I have sampled six different sandwiches and salads.  I feasted on treats like Key Lime Pie, Chocolate Mousse Cake, Strawberry Rhubarb Tarts, Pumpkin Cheesecake, and an upgraded Banana Whip with Nutella.  More importantly, however, is the calories I have NOT eaten.  A soup, sandwich, side salad, coffee drink and dessert weighs in at under 750 calories -- all for under $20!
Check out FUEL at 1917 East Passyunk Ave. and at 1225 Walnut Street.  You can visit them online at www.fuelphilly.com.  You can also follow their daily specials and events on Facebook.   When you go, check out these tasty items: 
Chocolate Mousse Cake - One of 2010's best desserts (with half the calories!)
Key Lime Pie
Tomato Basil Soup
South Philly Sandwich
High Protein Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Grilled Chicken SandwichThis place is amazing.
The food is SO fresh and delicious. The portobello and eggplant panini is great. The mushroom is properly de-gilled and the eggplant is grilled perfectly every time. 
If you go between 3-5 p.m. appetizers are half price. SCORE!
If you love fresh food and hate crowds of hipsters, go to Fuel, seriously.First off, the people here are fabulous. they are kind, and understanding and helpful and just generally effing awesome. 
Plus, the lovely young lady makes a MEAN protein buster smoothie, which I always take home for dessert -- and I even take a second one home for a dude who has no idea it's less than 300 calories because it still tastes like damn good peanut butter ice cream. 
They do their food on wraps, on rolls all panini-style and plain. Do beware that they get the calorie count -- which is FANTASTICALLY PRINTED ON THE MENU -- without the bread-y trimmings. But they do food right -- no extra oils or smothered in this or cooked in that -- while keeping the cheeses gooey and the meats mighty tender. I don't think it's a feat, really, but it must be, because they are some of the only people who think and care enough to do it. 
And we're lucky for it -- and them -- we were voted the homeliest city after all...Simply wonderful. I have been to both locations and the panini's are tasty. I recommend the South Philly, High Protein Grilled Cheese and the Turkey. Also recommend hummus and sweet pea wontons for a starter or soup on a cool day. My only negative would be the decor. If you love the club scene then def eat in, if not take the food to go like I do.Cool place, nice staff, good sandwiches, a little heavy on the salad dressingi would give Fuel a better review but... ugh, i just cant.
Every food item i've had there is good or better and i love the healthy spin, but the awful decor and music makes it so hard to enjoy the place. it was funny the first few times, but i cant go there anymore. its like being in a bad night club that is well-lit and lacking dancers.
only take out for me.
p.s. the turkey salad with pesto is my fave
note: the bread on the sandwiches isn't including in the calorie countsFuel is a good place for a lighter, healthier meal.  However, I'm giving it only two stars for two reasons:
1.  The calorie counts on the menu don't include bread, which seems wildly misleading. I think it's intellectually dishonest and makes me question the integrity of their calorie counts in general.
2.  They don't have highchairs, which seems really out of touch with the explosion of young families living in the Passyunk Ave area.  What kind of place doesn't have highchairs?  They're rated as "family friendly" here on Yelp, and I would have thought that, too,  had I never been there with a kid.  But what kind of family friendly place doesn't have highchairs?Once again, more super unfriendly service. The gal that seemed to be in charge was nice to me, but the girl at the register was snobby, unfriendly, and barely said anything save for a puss on the face. And, as is also the norm I've come to expect at this location, it took over 5 minutes for the 1 smoothie that I ordered. Sunday, 11/1/15 @ 1:15 p.m. (sitting and waiting for me smoothie at this moment) I'm giving 2 stars thanks to the girl that helped the mean girl when she turned and stared at her dumbfounded when I asked about the credit on my Fuel app. Here's to better times...
Sir, with all due respect, I'm not worried about the app. I wrote about the continued rudeness of the staff. I mean it this time when I say that I will only patronize the Center City location from here on out.Wow the desert is out of this world!!!!!I love this place!!!! People get anything you like it will be great than order something new and you will again trust me. Also do yourself a favorHonestly used to absolutely love their paninis and soups, but lately I have noticed their product quality has went down immensely along with their portion size. Not sure if it it because they are now on groupon? Used to recommend to others, not so much anymore. Used to be 5 stars when they first opened, now about a 3.The concept of this place is great- they don't give you the option to be an abusive meal eating citizen. All of the food served here is under 500 calories and packed with flavor. 
We used to always order delivery from here at my old job, it was always delivered in under an hour even on busy nights. I always got the fuel stacker, it was packed with flavor and the side salad that it comes with is always deliciously dressed. The sweet pea wontons are incredibly delicious as well, and i've been meaning to mimick this recipe for a while! It's so good. 
The only thing I ever got bummed out over, was a time I ordered a choose during a delivery and they made the wrong one- it was my first time ordering from fuel but it didn't stop me from ordering from them again.I can honestly say I do not go in search of restaurants who are geared to healthy eating, Fuel is the exception.  Located in a small store front on East Passyunk Avenue the space leaves a little to be desired but the food makes up for the ambiance. We started with Buffalo Shrimp which were a very nice size , perfectly char grilled with a spicy sauce and gorganzola cheese,  this starter had me excited about the rest of my meal. My dining companion had a hard time deciding what to try and decided to share a Thai rice Bowl and A chicken pannini both were delicious. The rice bowl was described as very spicy but I thought it was just right with ginger, roasted peppers and lots of yummy chicken. The whole wheat pannini was excellent stuffed with grilled chicken, spinach and provolone.  Portions were generous and I would be remiss if I failed to mention the juices. I totally enjoyed the carrot/orange/ginger that had the right amount of sweetness and zing. Unfortunately there was no room for dessert but that's for my next trip.I continue to be surprised by the lack of places in philadelphia to grab a healthy juice.  At home, our breville juicer gets a daily meal of fresh greens and fruits...but sometimes you want a change, or are out and about and want to buy something healthy to save time.
so i had passed up fuel for a while due to the way it looks, just from the outside, it gives off the vibe of an afterhours club or something youd see lots of bridge-n-tunnel types waiting in line for in olde city.  not the worst thing, but just didnt jump out at me for a while as a "health food" place.
it was only after googling for juicebar options that i came across it and decided to give it a shot despite the "ehhh" first impression of the place form just walking/biking past it often.  to be fair, thats not really any way to judge a business, but unfortunately, i think especially with healthy food, there's something to be said for having the design/atmosphere reflect the "theme" (health/health-ier?).
many of the other reviews make mention of it, but it is true, that once inside, the "wait...am i in the right place?" internal monologue only gets STRONGER.  in short, the inside feels kind of like the "lounge" or "chill room" of a rave or GTL-type fistpump club.  maybe this is meant to appeal to the type that hits the gym, then wants a smoothie or juice before going off to press their Ed Hardy tshirt before going out on the town......yet, in my dozen or so visits, ive never once seen one of those jersey shore types in the place.  
as others have stated, its painted all black and just has an extremely dark/dank basement kind of vibe, which, to me just doesnt communicate anything "sunny"/healthy/green.  there's the weird and annoying music pumping (although i always find it to be at a gentle level and not "blasting" as others have written) which i would't mind so much as a lover of most types of music (including even good house music), but it is top40 cheesy-club (think: one of those ULTIMATE DANCE PARTY VOL. 7 cds that youd find in the back seat of a sorority girl's jetta).  maybe im just a music snob/aging hipster, but of allllll the new music and hipster/yupster blood flowing into areas like East Passyunk, it seems almost laughably anachronistic to play the music they play in a "new" place.
ok, so you get it, the vibe is weird as hell.
that said, everytime ive been there, the staff is awesome and friendly and nice.  but i never eat in, most of the neg reviews seem to be about that aspect.  and in Fuel's defense, id have to say that im not sure why they even do wait service or try for any kind of sit-down vibe, when most of the menu is fitting for a take out or sandwich-shop vibe.  
also i dont think all the complaints (about either location) that center on GROUPON issues are very fair to the business.  i dont do groupon but i personally feel like giving a restaurant a bad review because the new-fangled system you employed to save 4 dollars on 12 had some hiccups = unfair and kind of a dick move.  its a small business, just pay for your food you cheapo nitpickers. 
so, if you dont sit down, dont get all anal about groupon, and dont mind the vibe....there's still the food and drinks, right?
overall the food is great and healthy, with this caveat: some have mentioned it but i cant stress enough, the entire conceit of the restaurant (everything under 500 cal) is slightly misleading.  i dont count calories so it doesnt affect me personally, but the vast majority of menu (wraps, paninis, sandwiches) are on bread, and the bread is not included in the calorie count.  it Is stated on the menu, but in the form of a "you better read the fine print" approach, where an asterisk refers you to a small footnote that reveals this tidbit of info. 
the juices are really great but they do not do actual 'juicing' but smoothies and blended juice drinks.
EDIT/UPDATE: after posting this, got a very kind response from rocco the owner, addressing my concerns (no sugar added to juices, and he explained that including the varying calories for each type of bread would clutter the menu...i can respect that answer) ...so im moving my 3stars up to 5stars.  i was just going to do 4, but im really impressed with the quick and honest response form the owner, i think that shows some true dedication, and id rather give my money to local small business helmed by someone that cares, even when criticized, to respond to customers.  so they earned back one star for for addressing my 2 gripes, and another star for simply the act of caring enough to reach out.  So 4 stars for the food (minus 1 for the ambiance, but to each their own), then plus 1 for the owner caring enough to reach out.
Give them a shot!Fuel is a nice place for low cost, healthy meal. The drinks are great (no alcohol, but smoothies etc), and I always get the lemonade. Service was very good when I've been there (probably in part because it seems pretty slow in the evenings, both on a weekend and weekday night).
The food was...okay. Yummy appetizers and all ingredients are fresh. However, there is something just missing from the meals. The food is okay, but not great. I can't put my finger on it, but they just seem slightly bland, and a little bit too much of one ingredient/not enough of another.
Overall I would definitely recommend Fuel though. I took a vegan family member there, and she loved it. There are plenty of options for a vegan/vegetarian or a meat lover.You always know what you're getting here. While the tomato soup has been a bit salsa-ish before, the soups and sandwiches are almost always on point. The juices are not fresh pressed, but they still make good smoothies. This is a quick and healthy option that's great on the go!I really want to like this place. The food is excellent. The service continues to be pretty awful with every visit. It turns out that my first review was not just an off day. Every day seems to be off with the waitstaff. They are inattentive, forget parts of orders and are painstakingly slow. I'll stick to online ordering from here on out.I am a fan of Fuel. I really do love the options that offer healthy solutions while on the go or too busy to cook. I order from here a lot. However the last 2-3 times I have ordered salads and the sweet pea wonton, I have been disappointed. The salads are sparse and the amount of actual food in the container is SMALL for the price!  The same sadness happened with my sweet pea wontons. The amount of 'wontons' was so small, I had to use my own veggies to eat it. 4 pieces isn't an Oder. I do t have this problem dining in but only when I order take out. I am sad because I have been overlooking it since last summer but I think I am re-thinking ordering FRIM Fuel again. The food is always tasty but for the price, there should be more. I can go to Whole Foods and make a larger salad for less :-(. New option....Ordered the turkey burger special and man was it delicious. When you eat real, good food you notice a huge difference. I only get stuff from here every now and then, and have eaten there a couple if times. If you want fresh, wholesome, satisfying food then definitely check this place out.A while has passed since I have been to Fuel, they got a new menu and some good reviews so I wanted to give it another shot. I  the "Ridiculously Delicious Kale Salad" It includes: Chopped Kale, Roasted Sweet Potato, Feta, Dried Cranberry, Red Onion, Fuel Ginger Vinaigrette. The only change I made was no onion and of course, as usual, they messed up my order. They did not include onion (yay) but also completely left out the sweet potato, the second biggest ingredient! Basically I got a HUGE bowl of kale with some cranberry and feta sprinkles. It tasted good, but still a disappointment. I really want to love this place, but it seems like you just can't make any changes to any dish without someone getting it wrong. I got another juice (the hulk) and it was better than before, but still has a weird taste to it. I get a similar drink at another juice place and don't experience that.So I ordered a turkey burger sweet potato fries and a strawberry salad and some how it took them from 8:00 pm until 10:38 and there still not even here and those two things cost me $28 and it's going to be ice cold when it gets here this place is complete garbage .. Kale eatting weirdos... They steal your money and give you over priced garbage that has no flavor.The juices are delicious, as was the salad I got. 
The seating is ample.
There are good vegetarian options. 
What was wrong? The staff wasn't very attentive and the place was filled with smoke from the kitchen. Maybe they had an off day?I really like Fuel! I live around the corner so its location is great, the food is fresh and delicious and I love the nutrition facts right on the menu! Last time, my friend and I split some guac, a flatbread, and a really tasty kale and sweet potato salad. The service leaves a little to be desired, the girls who I've had were really sweet and friendly but perhaps needed a little more training. One time, I watched one waitress girl get completely insulted and embarrassed by some crazy lady who was really loud and rude. 
But the food has always been wonderful!This place is ok. I ordered the shrimp skewers and chicken lettuce wraps online. When I arrived a few minutes early, my order was ready and waiting for me which was GREAT!  The shrimp was undercooked and wraps were ok at best (maybe mix the ingredients a little bit so it's easier to fill the lettuce with all ingredients).  This is the typical overrated "healthy" restaurant, but fine for a quick lunch stop.Just ordered delivery, it was right on time. Very good food, I had a tomato/basil soup, a grilled chicken sandwich and a smoothie. If you are into healthy choices this is the place. Definitely ordering again.I absolutely love Fuel. It is my favorite place to eat that doesn't have a liquor license! 
The South Philly panini is definitely my favorite and the hummus is second to none! The lemon zest gives the hummus a unique zing that makes me wish it was never ending. Last time I was there a few weeks ago, I tried the gluten free chocolate cake...do yourself a favor and try it. Seriously BEST chocolate cake I've ever had! It was more like a fudge or extremely dense mouse...it was rich and decadent and exactly how chocolate cake should taste.
I wish I could eat here everyday!I was not impressed with the first meal I ordered from this establishment, (sweet pea wonton, thai chicken wrap which was extremely dry, and a green tea matcha smoothie which was more ice than anything else), but this past Friday I figured "what the heck" and ordered take-out with some ladies in the office.  
The I Don't Want NO BREAD (grilled portabella mushrooms stuffed with bulgar, chopped peppers, zucchini, onions, and pine nuts served with baby arugula) was absolutely delicious and very filling.  And the Protein Buster Smoothie?  Peanut butter, honey, banana, skim milk, and protein powder made for a winning combination.  I couldn't stop raving about it!
The three stars is just a combined scoring of my first two experiences.  I will provide an updated review as we order from there again.Back in Philly and stopped by Fuel while waiting for my hair appointment across the street. I tried the autumn Apple salad without onions and it is delicious. I also had a detox smoothie and it was tasty. The waitress greeted me right away and the service was great. I am trying to eat healthy and this is the perfect place to do it. I wish I had Fuel in my city/state. I love this place.Fuel is great. I think it's one of the only places to get protein shakes in the neighborhood, but lucky for me I live around the corner. I perform in a monthly sketch comedy show at Adobe Cafe, which is right  next door, so this is how I stumbled upon Fuel. The first thing I noticed was the music playing (it plays outside on the street)- all remixes of Gaga, Adam Lambert, Katy Perry, Rihanna, etc. I thought I was upstairs at Tavern on Camac for a second! The gayborhood comes to Passyunk. loves it. Their food is good. Large sandwiches, and they have all of the calories printed out. The protein shakes are awesome. Service is not excellent, but that's fine with me because I usually get the food to go.Kale salad- I had to cut up and massage kale or it was too tough. Dressing was waaay too sweet for me. The smoothie was decent: what could be bad about peanut butter and banana...In a word- amazing! I frequent the one on walnut street and bring lots of friends there. I have never had a meal I did not enjoy and no one I brought has not enjoyed their meal! Though some things are better than others. My favorite is the fuel stacker! :)Good food that's good for you. Small dining room but great for take out.  Order from here on a weekly basis.Really going downhill... This used to be our favorite place to order from, we loved the fresh, healthy food and the quick delivery. And I have food limitations, so it's one of the few places I can order from. Lately though, it's been getting worse each time. The grilled chicken was dry and rubbery last time, so I went for the turkey. When ordering on Grubhub I asked for it to be "Only turkey, provolone cheese, and mixed greens". It came with goat cheese and so much pepper the turkey flavor was nonexistent. I had to scrape off the goat cheese and use provolone from my kitchen, and even then it was not very good. Husband had the BMT chicken wrap that he said was super dry (I tried to warn him). I also got a Banana Whip which I used to enjoy very much. It used to be icy and clean-tasting, no matter what flavor I got. This Nutella one came with melted banana pooled at the bottom of the cup and hunks of Nutella sitting in the bottom like ice cubes. And the worst part was the whipped cream with tons of cinnamon on top. I tried to scrape that off, but the cinnamon flavor was throughout the whole thing. Cinnamon and Nutella? Not a good combo. So I'm not sure what's changed at this place in terms of who runs it or takes care of delivery, but we will not be ordering from here again.I order from Fuel at least once a week from work. Their food is tasty, the menu is perfect for choices, and it's affordable. And the best part about it is that it's all healthy. The delivery time is reasonable. I absolutely love this place. Try the South Philly, it is amazing for a chicken sandwich. Their shakes are also very very good. Eating healthy never tasted so good!My experiences at fuel are pretty awesome so I figured id share it incase anyone was wondering what it's like. Fuel has a light and fun atmosphere and is thoroughly enjoyable with it's freshly made and yummy food, let alone everything being under 500 calories. The service is on point and is great if you're alone and is even better with friends or family. My usual take out experience is always quick and on time. Alike with my dine in experience, the service is polite and they put up and help you with pretty much anything and everything. Overall I would recommend fuel to any age group and any size party.Came by on Sunday for lunch with my Fiance after hearing positive reviews from friends. I had the South Philly panini and it was delicious but very garlicky so if you don't like garlic, stay away.
We shared the spinach and artichoke dip and it was great. Very cheesy with just the right amount of heat and served with pita. I'd come back for this alone! 
Smoothies sounded good but looked a little pricey.
Bought a Yelp deal but the server said they couldn't accept it because they were only set up for Groupon and the manager wasn't available.I decided this was my visit to Fuel.  Started with receiving silverware that looked like a dried smear of peanut butter (?) on the handle with my spoon handle.  Flies landed on the table many times. The entranceway is dirty and the garbage cans are a signal of how clean the kitchen is (?) I just can't think about it.   I ordered soup and juice with extra ginger added.   The soup was good and hot.  The juice did not have any ginger added.  You can build a business so people will come but you have to run it better to keep them coming back.Our usual go to delivery in South Philly. Very disappointed in a recent order that included 2 flatbreads that were both completely burnt. Hoping it was just a fluke, but might reconsider ordering from them in the future.I visited Fuel for lunch for the first time this past Sunday with my boyfriend and his mother. We had a fantastic experience. The service was not mind blowing, but the food was. Everything was fresh, lite, and flavorful. I ordered the Detox (Acai, Blueberry, Pomergranate, and Yerbe Matte) to drink. We split a sampling of dips to start. We ordered the Hummus which came with red peppers and cucumber for dipping, Sweet Pea Wanton (chips), and Guacamole with tortilla chips. The winner for me was the Sweet Pea Wanton. 
For my entree I enjoyed the Grilled Veggies on a whole wheat wrap. I loved that every "sandwich" offered the option of White or what bread, panini, wrap, or breadless (served as a salad). The wrap was delicious and very filling. I only finished half and had the rest wrapped to go. The veggies were served warm allowing the ricotta cheese to become one with the veggies and wrap. The balsamic reduction was a great compliment. I almost felt like I was eating a salad on bread, but the variety of warm veggies (zucchini, squash, red onions, roasted red pepers) reminded me that this was so much more. 
For dessert we decided on three. This was not the healthiest of decisions, but we couldn't help ourselves. We ordered the Banana Whips (100% banana), Pumpkin Cheesecake, and the Chocolate Cake. I am a self proclaimed Choc-a-holic and will always go for the chocolate on any menu, but I must say that this time around chocolate came in last. The chocolate cake was decadent and delicious, but its flavor paled to that of the Pumpkin Cheese Cake. The cheesecake possessed creamy and crunch textures and complex flavors between the pumpkin, cheese, crust, and peacan syrup. The runner up was of course the Banana Whip. I love this dessert for its purity. I was able to enjoy the pleasure of ice cream / gelato with the added knowledge that I was only eating bananas and not straight sugar/cream! The banana whips are simple and refreshing, perfect for a June afternoon!The chicken wrap that I had from here could not have been anywhere near 500 calories. It was soaked in peanut sauce. Order all sauce & dressing on the sideThis was pretty good. Wake me up smoothie, grilled chicken Pannonia, side salad(spring mix). South philly soup was good of chicken vegetable with white beans. The one thing that put me off was someone left the front door open and there were flies everywhere.Oh, hi, Fuel. Where have you been hiding?
Fuel's the bomb for take out. In a virtual battle ground of mainly cheesesteaks, pizza, and Chinese, so far, I think Fuel makes the healthiest and well-crafted to-go food on Grub Hub. 
I ordered a salad with albacore tuna, toasted hummus, and a detox spinach+cucumber+apple juice and had 1/2 for lunch and 1/2 for dinner -- none of that was going to become leftovers! I think the hummus was my favorite. It did in fact taste toasted and I enjoyed what I *think* is the addition of lemon zest grated into the mix...and possibly...dill? Whatever it is, I hope they keep doing it. My salad was made of fresh greens and tuna grilled to perfection. The juice was truly refreshing.
I think I'll do it all again next week.Spoke too soon! Whenever I come to this location portion size is a HUGE inconsistency. I always get the strawberry spinach salad. The dressing is to DIE FOR! However, sometimes I get the prefect amount of spinach and other times I get hardly any at all! I get grilled shrimp on it always. But for 12.50 for a salad I would hope i would be satisfied and or semi full after eating it. Whenever I order on Saturdays that's when my salads are very "light" I just picked up my salad 10 mins ago and it was so small I mean hardly anything to it. I can't help but feel disappointed that I'm still hungry after eating it. That's my only complaint about this place. Please be mindful that people are paying a significant amount of money for a salad it should or at least be somewhat plentiful!Love this place.  The food could not be fresher.  Rocco is a real talent.  The soups are remarkable, and the pumpkin chessecake is one of the best desserts I have ever had.  
The staff is also one of the friendliest and kindest in Philadelphia.  No one could wrong here.Their food is absolutely delicious! Quick delivery, friendly service and the most creative food you can imagine! The cure for the common meal!Fuel is now the talk of my office. I have a variety of work-related lunches to accommodate, and you know when eating with folks who you know at differing levels of intimacy, there is a need to accommodate all sorts of eating habits. However, regardless of whether one is vegetarian, vegan or on South Beach Diet, one thing seems to unite the group - a desire to eat a healthy yet delicious meal that won't bust our budget or our waistbands.  Fuel does just that.
Yesterday, I took a number of colleagues to Fuel for the second time in two weeks (last week we went to Fuel on center city).  We found here on Passyunk Avenue, the same kind of menu - delicious healthy and portion controlled. Like we found on Walnut Street, every item could be customized to account for our preferences - so I had the salad minus the cheese while my client had the same salad minus the bread.  And, like the one on Walnut Street, we found wait staff interested in our order, willing to accommodate our needs, and a truly good representative of the Fuel restaurant!  Thanks Grace!
So, parking can be a little challenging at times, but not impossible in this area. The prices are moderate. The staff is accommodating. The food is delicious and healthy.  The decorations were interesting to look at.  I recommend it highly.I ordered the south philly chicken panini-  chicken was coated in seasonings like Cajun style.  It was not stated in the menu description.  Not to mention the two pieces of lettuce for the salad. Panini was not appetizing. Food is overpriced for the quality they serve.Only came here once because I cant remember where it is. Lol. But hey they got my juice drink...THE HULK. Thats like spinach apple cucumber..... Yep they won me over.Food is great if your a person who stick with a nutritional plan. Definitely Gains involved lol.This review is long overdue considering how many times I've had them deliver to our house! First it is great to have healthy options to choose from when this working mom has no energy to cook. While I have my favorites everything I have had so far has been filling and had great flavor. My go-to is the hummus (LOVE it!!!) and charred corn guacamole- neither can be beat! Any of the Thai chicken options are great, just be ready for some heat! So happy to have Fuel in the neighborhood!I've never actually been to this Fuel but I order delivery from here and it's always very delicious.  My 2 favorites are the chicken teriyaki rice bowl and the Delicious Kale Salad.  The kale salad is surprisingly delicious, as advertised.  The only disappointing thing was when I added shrimp to the kale salad I only got 3 pieces of shrimp for $3.  However, the shrimp is amazing.  But you get A LOT more chicken for $3.One of the best lunches I've ever had! Turkey burger on multigrain roll with red pepper and feta a small side salad with a balsamic vinaigrette and a side of REAL sweet potato fries and homemade ketchup! And a acai berry Yerba mate detox smoothie which is my favvvvv! This made me feel full and satisfied and a great meal under 20$ delivered to my house! I'm so glad I didn't opt for Chinese lol I feel great and not sluggish and gross! Love their food it's always clean and fresh! Thanx fuelLove love this place!  The TBM pesto is delish, the service is great and we love Rocco and how he comes to the table to check on you.  This place is a great concept and there should be more of them throughout the city- in fact we told Rocco this on our last visit there - we hope he succeeds!The food is excellent and the atmosphere so cozy. The wheat panini with pesto and veggies is delicious! I will definitely come back again soon.My girlfriend and I visited the Passyunk location on April 22. Place was empty. We had been wanting to try it for so long so i was really excited. Off the bat wasn't too impressed with the menu. But they had a chicken barbecue salad that looked great so i ordered that. My gf ordered the southphilly panini. After ordering i went to use the bathroom. The only bathroom is a unisex bathroom behind the counter almost that is shared with employees. As I was approaching a worker walked out and I walked in. The smell of absolute horrible diarrhea was so bad I had to leave immediately. If they're going to have one single toilet for everyone they should probably invest in a ventilation system or at the very least some spray! Ugh it really turned my stomach. When we got our food I instantly started to feel even more sick. The cheddar cheese in my salad was cut into little stick.....and you know how if you leave cheese sit out it changes to a darker color and gets hard? THAT is exactly how all of my cheese was! Hard, and discolored! I showed my gf and she started to look at it but stopped and then pointed out the pubic hair in my salad. I was absolutely disgusted. Another customer had come in and was at the counter. There were what seemed to be 10 employees behind the counter and I really didn't want to bring my salad up to them in front of the customer. So we just sat there for about 10 minutes waiting for the waitress to check on us. She finally came over and asked how everything was. I showed her the hair. Her first response was "im sorry, I can probably get it discounted for you." I'm still not sure what that meant. I told her that i hadn't eaten it at all, and my gf hadn't eaten her food and we really just would like to pay for our drinks and leave. She offered another salad, (as she should have from the start) but I refused showing her the hard old cheese in my salad. She apologized again and confirmed she would bring us a check and just charge for the drinks. She brought the check and now says "ok so it's just for the sandwich and the drinks" my gf and I look at each other. The waitress walks away. She puts 15$ on the table to pay for absolutely nothing as we try to figure out where to go now for lunch. Completely disgusting. Would not recommend. Wouldn't go back. Employees should be trained on how to deal wit these situations. Should not have had to pay for a sandwich when we now had to go elsewhere for lunch. Also, not feeling too good about their care and prep of food considering that cheese was sitting out somewhere for a long time behind that counter.Solid choice for any meal!
We ordered lunch from the South Philly location (located on E. Passyunk) and it was simply delicious! I love that the whole menu takes into account the "health factor," but doesn't skimp on taste. Each menu item is marketed as under 500 calories and I appreciate that the nutritional information is readily available so I am making a health informed decision for lunch. The dishes are unique in the sense that all the ingredients are fresh, and there are slight variations from options you may be familiar with - case in point, the goat cheese infused guac!
I ordered the Asian Crunch salad with the peanut vinaigrette. It was hearty and filling without making you feel bad about yourself. The portion was ample, filled with brown rice, arugula, broccoli, carrots, peppers, garbanzo beans, I added jalapeos for some kick, and can't forget the crunchy noodles that add just the right amount of texture complimenting the vegetables. 
I'm glad this place is close by and being a vegetarian the options on the menu are plentiful! I haven't dined in yet, but I definitely will be exploring more of their menu, especially the smoothies!I'm so happy to live across the street from this spot. 
I first stopped in after moving into my place. I had an extreme sinus head-ache,  and the guy working saved my life. He was like "I got you," and loaded this flatbread up with sriracha...............SCORE. 
Everybody is always really friendly and polite. I haven't tried the entire menu yet, but it's easy to say i'm addicted to their smoothies ...I've ordered from Fuel several times, both alone and with my co-workers.  My coworkers are sometimes a bit leery about eating from health food restaurants, but they all love the food!  I've tried to explore other items on the menu, but I always end up getting the sweet potato, avocado, kale and mozzarella panini, and I love it!  I've ordered a few different drinks from there, and I loved them.  Surprisingly, this is our office "go-to" when we're undecided on what we want to order for lunch.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.It gets really smokey inside. I wish they had better exhaust. Anyway, food is very good and leans more towards the healthy side.First time eating there was meh. Smoothies where great and the service even better but my rice bowl fell a little short. The flavors where there but whoever made it must of been angry at the black pepper because it was a ridiculous amount. Everyone told me they're a great place to eat at so hopefully next week I'll give em a second chance.I usually love fuel. I've eaten at all three locations. However, I had a bad experience ordering here last weekend. I ordered delivery and it happened to come pretty quickly. However, for $12+ my salad was weak. I usually order the same thing, Fuel Stacker as a salad with Chicken. My salad came with 2 oz of dried out chicken, 4 small slices of squash, less than a 1/4 c of small chopped up portabello mushrooms, and no eggplant (which is usually the reason I order this salad). I was extremely disappointed that I had ordered from here and even more mad that I had spent the money.Fuel is interesting in the merging of a wrap/salad/panini place with sit down service. The food was quite good, specifically I had the eggplant and goat cheese wrap and the tofu and peanut butter wrap. Both did well with flavor, though the eggplant had a bit more taste between the two.
I also had the banana-berry smoothie and the mango smoothie. Both were good, but the banana had more flavor and more texture. I'd order it again if faced with just those two choices.
There were only two or three staff members, so with that in consideration, the service was quite good. In fact when I walked in, I was seated immediately.
The prices here were well below what can be expected for a place with wait-staff service. For those who say it's expensive, yes, when you compare it to dollar menus at fast food burger joints. However, this is NOT that. You think eggplant is free? Ask at McDonald's for eggplant.
Yes, the decor is a little, well, bland, but I'm not going there expecting table clothes or some kind of odd hip/funky thing going on. Clean, well lit, yes, and I got both.
Overall, quite well pleased and what I was expecting.In celebration of The Yelp 100 challenge of the week to write a review update, I decided to revisit and re-write my very first Yelp review.
Tonight I ordered the toasted hummus and the roasted portabello and eggplant panini on wheat bread for delivery via Grubhub.  The estimated time was an hour and fifteen minutes, but it came in about fifteen minutes (yes, I live closeby, but I was in my jammies and didn't want to leave the house... don't judge).  I noticed that the bread was a bit thinner than I remembered, which I liked.  The roasted veggies were pretty good and there was just the right amount of cheese.  I also liked that the outside of the panini wasn't greasy.  The hummus comes with either pita or veggies.  I decided to go with the pita.  They arrived warm and toasty, which was super delicious.  The hummus has a strong taste of lemon, which I liked, but I wasn't expecting such a strong lemon taste. Good sized portion.
Overall, I think Fuel has worked out some of the growing pains they may have been experiencing last time I was here nearly three years ago.  I'm going to have to start coming to Fuel for those nights when I need a quick and healthy dinner.Fuel south philly. I want to love this place, but they are terribly inconsistent with takeout... first time was delicious. after that, they've continuously failed. i keep giving them a chance and i get so excited everytime..then i get my food and its utter dissappointment. great healthy eating concept, but terribly managed. if you want repeat customers, you need to give them the same food. last time i ordered fuel...i requested the components that were in a deconstructed guac salad (onion, tomato, avocado, dressing) to be put on a panini with chicken. do you know what they gave me? literally a sopping piece of panini bread at the bottom of my takeout container, an entire salad on top, topped by another sopping panini bread slice..with no avocado at all. i didn't ask for a salad between 2 pieces of sopping bread. not sure what was so difficult about converting a salad to an actual sandwich. today i ordered a deconstructed guac salad...do you know what i got? a clamshell container full of arugula. 2 cherry tomatoes halved, a pile of nacho crumbs, and 2 slices of avocado..not even half an avocado. and the dressing was mostly lime juice and tasted old...not the usual zesty dressing they serve. guess what fuel...i can buy a bag of arugula for less than half the price i paid for this "salad" and sprinkle nacho crumbs on myself. there is literally no toppings on this salad. ridiculous. i also ordered the sampler...with hummus (good), charred corn guac (have had this before..also good), and black bean/tomato salsa...guess what... the salsa is fermented to the point that it bubbles in my mouth, has to be at least a month old. i called and complained and they said they will send more out, but i don't trust re-deliveries. how about be consistent and don't serve customers old food or lack of food to begin with. its appalling that someone let clearly expired food leave the kitchen. i also ordered the "give me a tan" juice, which when i order freshly squeezed juice...i don't expect it to be watered down by ice cubes (which it was), and i also don't expect it to be full of vegetable pulp...i don't even own a fancy juicer at home and mine doesnt put pulp in the juice. the point is juicing is NO pulp. needless to say, my coworkers and I have been dissappointed for the last time and will not be returning to fuel.great delivery option - fast, healthy and tastyThe food here is always great, the staff is always friendly, and everything's under 500 calories. It matters if your even a mild health nut like I am. Me and my girlfriend frequent fuel for the healthy meals and they are always running dine-in groupon deals. They also serve breakfast/brunch on the weekends and the delivery to your house is speedy. This place is really all around just badass.I just went to FUEL with a $10 for $20 dollar Groupon Now deal (sorry yelp, groupon's deal was better, but you can only use it between 3PM and 5 PM) We sat outside and I have to say, i love their menu. It was hard to decide what to get. Our server Chad was attentive and knowledgable about a lot of my random questions. Love that it lists calories AND the Weight Waters points.  Smoothies were good; just an overall nice variety of sandwiches, drinks, wraps, salads. Great go-to spot for lunch. I will certainly return.The wraps my friend and I ordered were way too oily!  I enjoyed the included side salad and the smoothies were great.I've passed by here a bunch of times but never gave it a second look.  One night on grubhub I was looking for something healthy and decided to give fuel a try.  
The Chicken Lettuce Wrap was great, not soggy at all.  It had just the right amount of spice.  We also had Toasted Hummus which seemed like it had been made fresh for our order and a Smoked Salmon Rye Bread Panini. 
I'd definitely order from them again.Fuel is awesome !!!!  The food taste great especially all the different soups they have and the smoothies are actually really good...my favorite are the fruit fuzzion, detox and the peanut butter busterUghhh Fuel is my dream restaurant for every-day feedings. 
Quick, unfussy, healthy, delish, relatively inexpensive.
The space itself is not my favorite, but the food totally makes up for it (and they deliver via eat24.com... winning).
Can't go wrong with a chicken caesar salad (super filling, bangin homemade dressing) and a hulk juice (cucumber,spinach,lemon and apple). This actually might be my top caesar salad in the city, which is saying something since I eat caesar salad disturbingly frequently. 
Have also had: nutella whips (tasty guilt-free dessert), the TBM panini, sweet potato avocado panini, the hummus, and the high protein grilled cheese. All fantastic. 
If you want to stuff your face but not feel like complete shit afterwards, this is your place.The reason that I stopped at Fuel was that on their sign out front is said that they have Gluten Free Paninis.....being gluten free, I had to check this out! We went it, it wasn't crowded, nice upbeat atmosphere and clean! 
The server was really nice and I asked further about the gluten free and she said that any of their paninis can be made GF!!! We tried the salmon wrapped asparagus, the detox smoothie, and the avocado jalapeno vinaigrette salad, and they were all AMAZING! 
Seriously - GET THE DETOX SMOOTHIE! And the bonus is that everything is under 500 calories (or pretty close I am sure). So if you want really good food, that is healthy for you with a cool vibe.....definitely go to Fuel! 
They also have a private seating area and outside seating....bonus!The food and smoothies are fine. However, the young lady at the register on Sunday, 6/1, should be fired. A rude and pretentious princess.Used to be my go to place. They must have a new cook or something because I've been disappointed the past 4 times I've ordered. Hoping it will get better each time and just keep getting let down... 
Was going to post this a few weeks ago but didn't in hopes it would get better . Again disappointed food is not good and not worth the money. My flatbread is soggy and gross (even though I asked for it well done like I always have to do in order for it to be cooked) I'm a healthy eater so there aren't really any other options in Philly and now I feel like there's noneyummy healthy delivery food :)Purchased a groupon. Got what we expected, healthy food but nothing spectacular. Good, inexpensive option instead of getting bar food. The service wasn't great.I try to get Fuel'd up as much as I can. I'm a huge fan of their veggie paninis (the stacker, specifically), and I absolutely have to get some sort of delicious juice everytime I order.
The Green Tea Match and The Hulk are my two favorite drinks from the juice bar; everything else have been great as well.
People who work at this location are very friendly and seem to love what they do. And the delivery is consistently quick!It is a little expensive, but you can't get much else that is under 500 calories and tastes amazing in the city. Because of this, I still give it 4 stars. 
I noticed they had a groupon a few months ago, and since then the quality has gone down. I used to get juice there and it was obviously all juiced fruits and veggies.. the last time I went there I watched the girl pour some kind of liquid in the cup and then add 2 cucumbers... um for $5.00 I don't want to drink pre-made juice with 2 cucumber pieces in it.. I want it made to order. I also ordered take out salad with chicken and no croutons and dressing on the side... salad came with no chicken and extra dressing and croutons mixed in... it was too late to call and get another one, so I would suggest making the trek over to there to make sure everything is how you like it. 
Tip: everything can be made as a salad or wrap so you can get anything on the menu to fit any dietary needA one stop for all your health needs for the day. The title "Fuel" says it all.  You can order  the sandwich with a smoothie or green drink and rice bean bowls  and for sure you will feel FUELED  just what you need in health and energy for the day.   The best spot around for good proportions, fresh foods and a nice vibe in the place.  I may open a franchise...just what other areas of the state need...You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu! I especially love the hummus, & the deconstructed guacamole salad!Healthy, sub 500-calorie grub in a neighborhood better known for pizza, cheesesteaks, anything Mexican smothered in cheese and Italian pastry is not the easiest sell.  Having eaten lunch here solo, as well as popped in to pick up a banana whip, I do appreciate what Chef Rocco (who is namechecked on the menu, table tents and outdoor chalkboard) is trying to do here -- provide protein-rich wraps, sandwiches, salads and smoothies that aren't fatbombs.  
My banana whip, which was purely frozen banana whipped into an ice-cream like texture, was spot on.  At $3 plus tax, it's a sweet and satisfying treat sans sugar bloat.  A sandwich of mozzarella, tomato and pesto on foccacia was simple and effective, and the accompanying salad fresh and bright.  An accompanying bowl of tomato-basil soup was less memorable, but certainly not bad. 
Service has been friendly and outgoing, and my last server even accomodated my request to wrap my leftover half-sandwich in a piece of aluminum foil, instead of a big non-biodegradable foam container.Went to the one in south philly on a Sunday around 11 am. I was expecting it to be busy, but there was absolutely no one there. Weird. I had a groupon I wanted to use which was dine-in only so I ate there. It's really small it could probably fit 20 people at max. Anyways the food was delicious I got the protein pancakes and my bf got the buckwheat pancakes which were both very filling. They also have unlimited coffee during the brunch hours which is awesome. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because we waited about 30 minutes for our food which I think is long especially since there was no one there. The waitress was really nice though.I'm probably at this Fuel location once a week. I happen to live a block away. Fuel is what it is and it's great. Great salads, great Paninis. A welcome respite in the heart of South Philly for this California girl. I also cannot say enough about the friendly staff: they know my name and always have a smile. It's very welcome. I love Fuel. Kale salad with chicken is healthy, delicious and a treat. Thanks guys.My boyfriend and I order from here A LOT. I am absolutely shocked to see other reviewers complaining about slow delivery... my experience is consistently the exact opposite. In fact, on multiple occasions, the knock at the door has tricked me into thinking there was a murderer out there because it couldn't possibly be Fuel delivering my food already! But nope -- it was just the friendly delivery person giving me my delicious, healthy, dinner.
The food is good. I don't think it is anything mind-blowing or life-changing, but it's nice to order something that's healthier. I'm a vegetarian, and have tried most of the vegetarian options on the entire menu. The only thing that has ever disappointed me is that the greens of my salad get wilty because they're put in the same container as something hot.
I've never been to the restaurant, only done delivery, so I can't speak to the decor or atmosphere. But I definitely like the food and the consistency of the delivery.Typically a huge fan of Fuel and I order takeout from them after long work days/nights when I don't want to cook. Tonight, I stopped by for a quick bite before the Phillies game and was not impressed. My girlfriend and I both ordered the turkey burger and sweet potato fries. The turkey burger was ... maybe 3 ounces and the fries were slices of a baked sweet potato. I know the fries were baked but they didn't even try to bake them a bit crispier. Needless to say we are both on our way to the game planning to get some Chickies and Petes fries which we were trying to avoid but...hanger. 
There was another table of women there who seemed to ask about portion sizes of everything and generally weren't happy. I'm hoping it was just a really bad night because I don't want to lose the only healthy place in South Philly!I am a 53 year old that lives in South Philly. I eat at Fuel whenever I get over to Passyunk.  Today I wanted a healthy option and called Fuel for a delivery as I am home bound for a bit.  The young lady answering the phone was rude and short and because I only wanted a ceasar salad with grilled chicken she told me you have to order more if you want this delivered, orders have to be over ten dollars. I understand the rule as gas is so friggin expensive. I've ordered this before and I am almost positive it was Nine something... I almost said just charge me the ten bucks but why bother, she was rude and had an attitude. 
Oh well, I tried to give you business. You failed on your customer service because your employee was a B*#ch! Good luck in your efforts, maybe you should spot call your locations and mystery shop your employees. Im just saying~This place is decent, not the worst but definitely not the best. Got the Kale Caesar w/ chicken. It was decent, but $14 is ridiculous. Could of gotten a Sweetgreen salad for $10 and much better quality.Awesome place for a healthy home cooked meal when you don't feel like doing it yourself. I have a falafel burger which was delicious but I got it on a wheat bun and I wished I had got it on the flat rest or something with a harder texture to contrast the soft felafel burger. My boyfriend got the Parmesan risotto and OMG he definitely picked better. So incredible. Definitely worth every penny. It's definitely a bit pricier here then I expected but overall I was happy with what I got for it. And do yourself a favor and order the creme brle cheesecake for desert!This place makes it very easy and enjoyable to eat healthy.   My favorites are probably their Islander smoothie and Delicious Kale salad. What really pushed this to a 5 star review is that the delivery driver made a mistake with my change, which I didn't notice until after he left.  Before I had a chance to call the restaurant,  he came back to correct it.  Where do you find that kind of honesty these days?I often am looking for a healthier alternative. Fuel hits the spot, tastes good, and doesn't make me feel bloated with preservatives 
or other gross additives. 
I dropped by one afternoon around 3 - and the first thing I noticed was the odd seating arrangements. Some small tables and half booths. Weird seating aside, the service and food were both out of the park. I tried the Thai Tofu as a wrap (they make a lot of their main stays as either a wrap (white or whole wheat), a panini (white or whole also), or a salad.  The wrap was really prefect for this - and it came with a side of mixed greens. The tofu was grilled well, and seasoned well - though the "spicy peanut sauce" wasn't all that spicy. 
They have a lovely selection of juices and smoothies one can order, and quite frankly, there were a LOT of things I was interested in heading back for.Came by a few weeks ago for lunch with my fiance after hearing positive reviews from friends. I had the South Philly panini and it was delicious but very garlicky so if you don't like garlic, stay away.
We shared the spinach and artichoke dip and it was great. Very cheesy with just the right amount of heat and served with pita. I'd come back for this alone! 
Smoothies sounded good but looked a little pricey.
Bought a Yelp deal but the server said they couldn't accept it because they were only set up for Groupon and the manager wasn't available. This was a little frustrating but hopefully we'll be able to get our money back.what i love about this place is the calorie count for each entree/salad/sandwich.
foodwise, i have never been disappointed.
service wise, so-so.
i've also been here for their valentine's day special, great.
like i said food is greatttt.Fresh food, good quality and low calories sum up the deliciousness I had today. Everything from the smoothie, to the shrimp corn chowder to the rice bowl were ABSOLUTELY delightful. 
I'm so impressed that I'm looking up recipes for similar dishes. I left Fuel, full and happy!!Fuel has been one of my go-to's for ordering healthy lunches down here at the Navy Yard. But today I tried to order a Veggie Wrap and asked if I could swap out the Ricotta cheese with some hummus instead (I can't do the dairy), and was told it would be a *$3.00 up-charge* to do that! To essentially swap out one spread for another - and cheese is the more expensive of the two! I understand up-charging when a customer wants to add something significant, but this was ridiculous. I cancelled my order. 
I'm not generally a picky or cheap person, but Fuel's prices are already up there for meals that are essentially the same 10 ingredients in different configurations. This was the final straw for me. I'll pay a fair price for a good meal, but I can't stand restaurants that try to squeeze any penny they can out of their customers for unreasonable things. 
I've been a customer of Fuel's for many years, and I've ignored deliveries that were messed up, or meals that were sub-par, but this has left a particularly bad taste in my mouth, and I don't think I'll bother ordering from them again.Ordered the fuel stacker and the salmon on asparagus appetizer via delivery. Both tasted good enough but seemed to just sit in my stomach all day. Delivery happened in a reasonable amount of time.Green machine smoothie/juice is delicious. I should've ordered a larger size; I wanted more when it was gone. The black bean burger was average in comparison to other comparable burgers I've had elsewhere. It was good, I would order again. Lastly, the guacamole was good-average. I ordered via Postmates and this item was missing the grilled pita and veggies as advertised, so that was disappointing. I am visiting from out of town and if possible, would return just for their smoothies/juices. I do recommend this place.This is a great place to eat in South Philly. If your looking to grab a quick protein shake , salad, lunch or even a dinner they never disappoint with a creative , fresh and delicious menu. 
The staff is quick and friendly and the Chef "Rocco" will make sure you enjoyed your meal. 
a great addition to Philadelphia. The detox protein shake is simply amazing !Ive been to Fuel a few times.. my friend and I went last night.. great food great time. I love the decor it reminds me of a few places back home. Also the baked potato soup! deliciousness. The paninis are good nice flaky and crunchy but I definatley am more of a wrap person.. and both meals were great. So if youre looking for a good meal. Id go with the soup first and then maybe a grilled chicken or tbm wrap. Or try a salad.. honestly I think their might be very few choices on the menu that will dissapoint.We had a great experience at Fuel tonight. We had never been to the Passayunk restaurant and we were super impressed by the cozy decor (much cozier than the Walnut Street location). The food was great and very reasonably priced. We started with tofu lettuce wraps (my least favorite item of the evening because they didn't have too much flavor other than a lot of pepper). My two dining partners had smoothies (I tried both) and they were both great. One had peanut butter, yogurt, and a few other things - it was incredible! The other one had pineapple, cucumber, and something else, which was refreshing but a bit icy. For sandwiches we had the TBM with chicken and the portabello and eggplant (subbed goat cheese for the mozzarella). The sandwiches were absolutely delicious. The ingredients at fuel are super fresh and everything tastes pretty healthy. A great go-to place for good food at a good price.Bland on bland, with a side of bland.  I tried 2 sandwiches, and both needed a side of tofu to spice them up a bit.  Generally speaking, food should be good.   Lighter food is fine, but first and foremost, it should be good. Thoroughly unsatisfying.  The Food Police would approve of this place, which pretty much sums it up.Been ordering take out from Fuel for some time now.  I find the food to be great lunch options.  Appreciate the lettuce wraps!
Im sure a lot goes into it but I feel they should take the prices of the smoothies down by a buck.  Today I spent $40 on one Fiji water, an avocado shake (very good!), and two rice bowls.This is one of my top places to eat and hang with friends, I been coming here for years. I must say both locations are greatI order from Fuel on a consistent basis. Their delivery is great and their food is amazing. Do yourself a favor and get their kale salad. I could eat it every day and it's one of the best salad constructions I have ever had, fine dining to corner store. I also love their black bean burger and I am a meat lover. I've also had a multitude of other things and I've never been disappointed.Ah, the right kind of fuel that I needed after a night of drinking. Woke up full of tequila and late night Wawa so I  needed some health in my body. Got the turkey panini with tomato bisque and house salad with a side of aa bowl. The food was pretty standard, nothing extraordinary. My friend got the south philly chicken sandwich and it looked very dry. The aa bowl def needs some work- icy, bland, and lacked toppings. 
I left feeling healthy but my taste buds were unsatisfied! Definitely a one and done kind of experience.Great service at decsnt price! Eveerything is under 500 calories and tastes delicious. Thier juices are amazing (my favorite is detox) and every one is relaxed and friendly. This place could be larger but being small makes it more personal intimate experienceJust stumbled upon this Fuel location w a friend a few weeks ago and went in for lunch. We both had exactly the same thing, soup and the pitatini. It was amazing could have eaten two. Can't wait to go again.LOVE THIS PLACE!! Great healthy dishes and amazing protein shakes!!I'm so disappointed to be writing this review. I have always enjoyed stopping by Fuel South Philly on my lunch break - the food is consistently good but the service is also consistently very slow. Today; however, took the cake as I made the mistake of ordering dessert to take home with me. I paid my check while waiting (and waiting and waiting) for my cannoli - after 15 minutes I could not wait any longer. Maybe Fuel's daytime server doesn't realize that there are still people who clock in and out and who really only get 1 hour for lunch, no more. When I explained that I had to go back to work and asked to simply return the money that I had already paid, she huffed and puffed, walked to the kitchen and yelled back from the kitchen door, "he's making it now!!" I told her again that I had to go back to work, that I could not wait, it had already been 15 minutes, etc. So she stomped back to the cash register with another huge sigh slammed the buttons for a while and finally repaid me for the dessert that I never got.  I will say that the manager (I'm guessing he was the manager) caught me on the way out with the dessert, which he offered on the house, but the damage of the server's salty attitude had already been done. I just wanted to get out of there.
Living/working in this area, Fuel has always been one of my go to places for a tasty lunch or dinner, however based on the attitude of the server today, I will hesitate to go there again. There are just too many other choices...Great spot..very healthy and reasonable.. super clean friendly staff will recommend all there locations are just greatDelivery for me took over 1 hour 15 min, which is way too long for having ordered in the middle of the day, not during peak business hours.  The food is okay, but not really worth the wait.  I ordered the griiled cheese and it really didn't have very much flavor and the bread was way too thick/overpowering.  The cheese was also barely melted.  I noticed that the menu said "nothing under 500 calories" and was happy about having a grilled cheese sandwich for 400 cals (which it's advertised at).  THEN I noticed in the fine print that that was the calorie count BEFORE bread was added.  HOW THE HELL can you even have a grilled cheese sandwich without the bread? Imagine if McDonalds were allowed to give their calorie counts for their sandwiches and not include the bread.  If you're going to advertise that it's healthy and give calorie counts, at least be accurate.  The way Fuel chose to misrepresent the information on their food is ridiculous and bordering on dishonest.  Also, the salad that came with my grilled cheese and the salad my friend got as a meal already had the dressing on it, so by the time we got it the salad leaves were completely soggy and wilted.  I really don't recommend this place at all and was sorely disappointed.Place is freezing inside, really smokey from the panini press and the service (although very pleasant) painfully slow. Food is ok at best.Ordered takeout here via Grub Hub.  The food was good.  I ordered the Caesar salad (great dressing), MLT flatbread and key lime pie.  I would order all these items again.  My only complaint was that the food was quite late without any explanation.  It arrived nearly two hours after I ordered it.  Yes to the food, no to the long delay.This place is great but super inconsistent. Most times it's delicious but sometimes you wonder who the heck is in the kitchen. Juice drinks are clutch for hangovers.I visited the new location in Center city the other day. Awesome service , great menu, friendly staff, and a very cool atmosphere. 
I love this place for healthy reasonably priced lunch in the city. I highly recommend .I want to love Fuel and I love what they are trying to do, healthy food that tastes great.  My only issue with Fuel is consistency.  I have never eaten in, only ever takeout.  I generally get a panini on wheat bread, often the TBM pesto.  I almost always order the Pumpkin cheesecake because its generally delicious.  HOWEVER - the take out can range from fantastic to "did I REALLY just spend $20 for THIS?!?"  
I can create healthy delicious food at home, so if I'm going to spend $20 or more to "splurge" on take out, I expect it to be great every time.  You don't get that here unfortunately.  It disappoints me and leaves me looking for somewhere else to spend my splurge cash.I've been eating here for years now and it's not what it used to be. They changed the menu and it changed how the food was being digested also. The LAST two times my sister and I ate here, we had severe stomach aches and it all happened once they changed their menu. Their panini's aren't great as the used to be, the vinaigrette on the side salad sucks and their rice bowls seem to be over or undercooked most of the time and very little proportion. Overall, we will not be returning since the bigger thing here is the food makes us very sick.This is a great go-to for delivery lunch or dinner. This place tries to cater to health conscious folk like myself however their sandwiches, salads, appetizers -- really everything -- are really delicious and I bet you anything you can get anyone to find something they like here. The "healthy" thing is just a bonus! 
I have a favorite lunch order (thai chicken wheat bread panini & hummus with veggies), but everything I've tried is tasty. I have to say, I LOVE hummus, and it really is a simple thing when you break it down, but this place gives some special love to their hummus. I think it has something to do with the fresh herbs and lemon zest sprinkled on top.  
I haven't hit up the juices yet, but am looking forward to that expedition!Delicious! All were happy with their options. I got the sweet potato frittata and it was excellent. I will come back for sure!Stopped in for a quick takeout weekend lunch.  Wanted something a bit on the healthy side so I decided to give Fuel a try.  This location definitely looks like a cool place to eat-in, there was only one other couple there when I went to pick up my Sunday afternoon salad.  
I got the Deconstructed Guacamole salad with the addition of chicken.  The lime jalapeno vinaigrette was perfect for the sizable salad which had generous chunks of avocado.  While it may seem a little more expensive than your typical lunch joint, one must remember the ingredients do seem fresher and the portions are well-sized.  I will definitely keep this place in mind for a casual dinner or weekday lunch option.My husband and I just ordered delivery from Fuel tonight. We had long days and needed something quick, but healthy. We ordered off Grubhub and it arrived in a very timely matter, sooner than predicted, and all items present. We paid about $35 for a gorgonzola and chicken panini and two shrimp avocado salads. 
My husband enjoyed his sandwich- the gorgonzola really helped it out by adding some flavor. I was appalled when I saw the salad. I spent almost $10 on a container full of spinach, 4 shrimp with tails still on, 2 slices of avocado, maybe 12 kernels of corn, and three strips of red onion. This is not an exaggeration at all. The vinaigrette was so bland. I had to completely doctor up the salad...even a little salt and pepper (a little- I am still keeping it healthy) would have helped out. We won't be ordering from Fuel again. SO overpriced, bland food. (healthy does not have to be bland by the way). 
I hope this review is helpful to others.Try the specials on the board outside. Always fresh and flavorful.  Kudos to the roasted eggplant and cherry tomato flatbread with feta and balsamic reduction and the sweet potato, arugula and avocado wrap!Everything about Fuel is perfect. I've been ordering from Fuel for years and their service and quality is top notch. The quality of their food and drinks are always consistent and their service, even delivery, is super quick! There are very few healthy options that offer delivery and pick up in  South Philly so Fuel has been a lifesaver. My go tos are the Zen, spinach dip, greek salad, TBM panini and the chicken teriyaki rice bowl.Let me say that this place serves great healthy food! The prices are reasonable especially considering the mountain of guilt you are avoiding by eating here instead of the hundreds of cheesesteak and hoagie shops in the area.I LOVE THE FOOD.  They have the best high protein grill cheese.  the soup is excellent.For as much as I like the food, canceling my Grubhub order nearly an hour after you accepted it is never okay.  That messes up my planning for the day so much that it more than offsets the goodwill from previous deliveries.  You should have at least credited my account with something for my trouble.  This used to be my go-to delivery option for healthy food, and now I'll be looking elsewhere.This place is beyond amazing! I swear! Healthy and excellent quality food. The staff is friendly. OH and the fresh juices are my favorite! Very fresh and tasty. I love the mango + spinach and no you will not taste the spinach for those of you hate eating healthy ;) Healthy food delivery? Hell yes! Our delivery guy rode his bike with our food and it was not damaged in anyway and I appreciate the fitness of bike riding and for environmental purposes. They can be a bit pricey but honestly it's healthier and the luxury of ordering out and have it being beneficial for your body is quite rewarding and well worth it   I dig ordering out a lot. I've since moved to California and can't find a place like this. This is one of the places I truly miss.I think Fuel and I are in the process of breaking up.
I thought about giving three stars, but that would just be spiteful, considering everything is still delicious.
I've recently decided to take the plunge to veganism, and I thought Fuel would be there to support me.
Why they have many vegetarian items, it seems like they aren't as vegan friendly as I thought (specifically the spreads and sauces for the panini.)  I could just get the sandwich and go sauceless, but that is both boring and bland.
I'm heartbroken.
***EDIT***
Within an hour of writing this, Rocco reached out to me, He is truly an awesome business owner and cares about all of his customers.  All dressings except Caesar are vegan, as well as peanut sauce and balsamic reduction.  Fuel and I can continue our relationship.Two visits and the food has been consistent which is most important to me. $27 for two ain't cheap in my book but I would come back.Definitely not as good as it used to be.  Just had to trash the kicked up spinach dip because there was so much red pepper in it that you couldn't it.  It was terrible.  They only gave a few shrimp in buffalo shrimp. Not worth the price.  The tomatoes were mushy in wrap.  I'm sorry, I will never order from here again. I was hoping it would get better again but it's terrible. Now to go find something to eat cause we're still hungry. SmhFuel is usually fine for what it is- healthy fast casual food. I like the strawberry salad a lot and recommend adding chicken for some extra protein. My husband likes the rice bowls and switches up the different varieties.
We ordered the other night and were disappointed with our food. The portobello mushroom cheesesteak wrap was a huge letdown. I do like portobello as a meat substitute when I'm trying to get some extra veggies in, so I was hoping for a flavorful cheesy sandwich. What I got was basically straight wrap with a few small pieces of mushroom, hardly any cheese, and some pretty unappetizing red pepper pieces. It was pretty awful altogether and I barely ate half of it (granted one half was literally all wrap and no filling). The sweet potato "fries" if you can call them that were also gross- they were obviously not fried because it's healthier food, but they could still be crispier or flavorful. These were soggy big pieces of sweet potato. We just ended up throwing most of them out. Probably won't be ordering from here for a while longer and definitely never ordering these 2 items again. 
I also think their menu nutrition facts must be off. How does the strawberry spinach salad with no meat have 15g of protein while the shrimp avocado salad (with spinach in it) has only 4g of protein. Shrimp has a ton of protein in it, so this makes no sense. There are some other discrepancies as well so just be aware.Went to fuel for a healthy meal, but my experience first was the scolding hot water in the bathroom. After ordering the chicken it tasted like fish. I do have to say the waitress was very friendly.Went on a date here last night and I enjoyed the place. The place is tiny, but not impossible to get a seat. It did take some time for the waitress to bring water, so the service was "eh". I got to order a roasted turkey sandwich, and it was quite filling for under 500 calories. I also shared a flourless chocolate cake with my date and it was really good! I might come back if the service becomes a bit better.Ordered from here, food was so sloppy and messy.! It looks like they threw my sandwich together. Asked for no tomato, of course sliced tomato all over my sandwich. Not the first time I've had this experience. It seems as though the employees do not have any pride in what they serve people. Should be ashamed of themselves to give me what they did.Went in last night for dinner.  Started off with a bowl of the shrimp-corn chowder and the charred corn guacamole.  The soup was ok, nothing special.  It came in a really weird bowl that kept spilling all over the place.  Also, it did not taste homemade at all.  The guac was just ok, too.  It didn't taste homemade either and was a little too salty and garlic-y.  For the same price of $7, you could get 100x better guac at the Cantina.  For our entrees, i got a TBM with Pesto sandwich and my boyfriend got a Grilled veggie panini.  I liked that you got mixed greens with vinegarette on the side.  My TBM with Pesto was ok.  The bread was way too thick and hard.  It made it difficult to eat the sandwich.  But the pesto was delicious. 
General thoughts about the place itself-- they blast techno music, which was driving me crazy by the end of our meal.  The waitress was friendly but forgot our waters until halfway through our appetizers.
Overall, its a good place to get sandwiches and wraps that are not covered in grease (and lord knows, we need more of these types of places on E. Passyunk).   Not sure I will be going back anytime soon.