Last weekend I rented one of Fuji Mountain's private karaoke rooms as a surprise party for my boyfriend and 20 of his friends. I stopped in a week prior to check out the place and spoke with John the manager. He was very pleasant and answered all of my many questions over the phone and by email. Our party was in a large 40 person karaoke room with its own bar! We each paid $35 to have an open bar for 3 hours which was amazing! Our bar tenders Sam, Tim, and Alice were a lot of fun and helped us out with anything we needed.  I did not have any food, but a couple of my guests did and said it was great! I would highly recommend this restaurant for any karaoke parties!Love, love love this place! Huge rolls compared to other places. Calamari with the avocado sauce is great. Washington roll and King Cali Crab roll are a must try. Prices are pretty decent considering the downtown, and service is always good. Just ok for karaoke; Yakitori has better karaoke rooms and better selection of music; and you can actually pay separate tabs. In Mt Fuji's karaoke room, there's only one bill per room, which can be a hassle at the end of the night when divvying up who bought what........Food was awful! This place has really gone downhill. Horrible customer service. Host should have taken at least the main course off our bill, chicken teriyaki! It was undercooked! No way were we eating it. Sushi and Maki rolls used to be good now it's mushy and very fishy even if no fish in it. It's a shame. Used to be our go to spot in this part of Philly.This happens to just be right next to our apartment so the bf and I have been frequenting here literally once a week. We usually get take out - my favorite is the volcano roll and the negitoro roll (pretty good for the price). My bf usually gets the katsu because it's a pretty good deal and fills him up - it comes with generous slabs of fried katsu, soup, salad, rice, and a slice of orange.
I also tried the salmon platter and various other rolls previously but def. just recommend what I had mentioned above if you wanna save some money and satisfy your sushi craving.so many great things to say about this place. open late and they continue to make great sushi. I've been coming here for 10+ years and the quality is always consistent. I highly recommend the mixed ceviche which is my favorite thing on the menu besides the wasabi tobiko -- also can't go wrong with the chirashi or sushi/sashimi combo meals. sashimi is always fresh, service is always exceptional, and have never had a bad experience.Overall a good place. It can be a little pricey for the size of the rolls and sushi, but everything is fresh! Also its great for late night sushi! The restaurant is a fun atmospher and they have private rooms for karaoke!While the sushi at Fuji Mountain is not the most imaginative or highest quality I've ever had, it's very consistent.  I've never had a bad experience there, but never had one that I write home about, so to speak.
However, in my experience, the service can't be beat.  They are exceptionally kind (we're regulars, so maybe that helps).  Do try their specials board, but it's not a guarantee.
Also, there's good meal options for all diets and budgets (using any sushi place as a baseline).Great service - always prompt with seating when I have reservations, waiters are always pleasant and attentive.
Good food - the rolls are tasty, although they used to be a bit larger.
Decent beer list.
Great place for date night.  Quiet comfy atmosphere without all the crowding you see at other Center City sushi joints.
Go back? - All the time.Was here for a karaoke night in the small bar upstairs.
Sushi was good (I mostly had nigiri)
Cocktails were good (white russian & sake mojito)
Service was good.Came here and ordered the california roll, arizona roll (with yellowtail, scallion, masago, and spicy sauce) and spicy scallop roll.  We also shared the fried calamari and  "dynamite mussels" (new zealand mussels stuffed with a spicy sauce).
The fried calamari came out looking like onion rings, lightly fried, not too oily, pretty tasty.  The mussels were good, couldn't recognize the sauce.  The sushi rolls were all freshly made, with the rice soft, sticky, and warm.  The scallop roll actually came out as chunks of scallop, instead of ground (??) scallop I usually get.  All of the rolls were tasty!The sushi is not too shabby for the price.  It's convenient location and ability to order online makes it a go to place if I want to take out sushi quickly.  
As far as the bar scene goes, definitely not a place I would go for a night out on the town.  If you're just looking to grab a cocktail before dining, the lounge is comfortable.  It's also not a bad place to rent out for a festive occassion...rocking out in the karoake room upstairs is a fun group activity.One of my favorite sushi spots in the city.I love the fact that they are open late night. It's never too late for some good sushi.Frequent here enough to say I love this place. However, tonight, while having a business dinner I felt rushed because they were closing. I checked their website which states they closed at 2am, but when I asked the staff, they told me 10pm. Having been in the food industry, I have never rushed customers unless they overstayed over an hour. We were rushed by 9:50pm. If they did not want
to stay late, they should keep their website information current. I am upset my co-worker's first time couldn't be as pleasant as how I normally remember it.I'd been here before for lunch (they have really good lunch specials) so when I saw they were running a livingsocial deal I jumped on it. 
DEALS: We went on a Monday night and got 1000 open table points (Mondays and Tuesdays 5:30-7:30). Has a livingsocial deal and they are running one again! https://www.livingsocial.com/deals/575932?ref=conf-jp&rpi=104372950
OVERALL
Service was quick, the waitress, busboy, and sushi chef were friendly, and the waitress looked adorable in her kimono. It has a nice ambiance, and I liked the way there were things separating some of the tables to give some privacy. Tables were spread out enough that it didn't feel like people were on top of you, and there were only a few other people in the restaurant when we were there.
FOOD
-The shrimp tempura appetizer (delicious and good for 2 people as an appetizer, but only one of each vegetable, and it's pretty difficult to split a tempura-ed brocolli piece in half with chopsticks).
-The Sushi Regular (It came with 1 miso soup and salad, 9 pieces of sushi and 1 tuna roll- I love the ginger dressing, but my friend didn't. The tuna roll was pretty big (and delicious) and the sushi it came with were really fresh, some of the pieces just melted in your mouth. MMMM.)
-The salmon tempura roll (This came with 6 pieces and was a bit small. We'd never had it and thought we'd try it. It was good, but I probably wouldn't get it again, the salmon was cooked pretty much all the way through because it was tempura battered.)
-The Crazy Roll (This was my favorite, only 4 pieces but they were big. Had a pretty difficult time eating it. Good thing I wasn't on a date because it was not cute).
Overall a great experience and definitely a great deal with the livingsocial and opentable points, and would even be worth it without if you're willing to splurge a little on sushi!By far, my favorite Japanese restaurant in Philadelphia. They always have a great selection of fish and interesting specials. Make sure to try their specialty rolls - especially, passion... an unexpectedly delicious fusion of Japanese and Mexican flavors. 
Their menu is large and very diverse - don't stick to just sushi and rolls - try their traditional Japanese entries and noodle dishes. You will not be disappointed!What I had: "Super Fuji" an assortment of 10 nigiris and a Cali roll with real crab.
My benchmark: Sushi Yasuda and Sushi of Gari (Both in NYC - no use in applying my benchmarks in Japan)
What I thought: Edible. 2 of the 10 were bay scallop - variety would be appreciated in a set deal like this. Fatty tuna - definitely not your top shelf tuna...or even if it was, the aging was applied incorrectly.
To Fuji's defense, I arrived at 10pm on a week night.Came here for a work lunch with a party of 4.  Staff was very attentive and we were seated right away.  Service was fast and the menu had a ton of options.  Since everyone in our group loves sushi we decided to order a ton of rolls and share.  We ordered the angry tuna (specialty roll), spicy tuna, fire roll, dancing eel, rainbow roll, spicy scallop, philly roll, and millennium tuna.  The angry tuna was amazing and quite large. As was the rainbow roll - which was surprising since generally rainbow rolls are somewhat on the small side.  This one was a monster! Aside from the angry tuna being the table favorite, the fire roll and millennium tuna rolls were also fantastic.  I'm not much of an eel fan, but the dancing eel roll was perfection.  The roll has avocado and cream cheese which calm down the sweet eel sauce I don't normally enjoy.  I'd definitely order it again! All the rolls were priced well, too.  I did notice lunch specials that were super cheap so I will probably come back and order that next time... with a fire roll, of course. :)Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian, so no fish for me.  Still, not a good experience.
The good: Decor, sweet server, nice salad, good rice, good tamago, good tuna (as told to me by my dinner companion), and good grilled asparagus sushi.
The bad: Really disgusting agadashi tofu.  Couldn't eat it.  The batter was really gummy, thin and creepy.  Then the veggie sushi platter comes.  There is one piece of yummy asparagus sushi, one piece of yummy avocado sushi, one cucumber, two radish, two burdock root and two mystery mushroom.  The burdock root was in thick sticks and I COULDN'T BITE THROUGH IT.  I have never experienced restaurant food I literally could not bite through.  
I tell the waitress and she tells me burdock is an acquired taste.  I tell her I can't bite it, it's not a taste issue.  I can taste it as I try to bite it and it tastes fine except for how it's like biting into a green willow branch. Sushi is meant to be taken in one bite, she tells me.  The root is  as thick as, and longer than, my pinkie finger and there are two sticks per piece of sushi.  I tell her that even if I put the whole thing in my mouth, I won't be able to break it up with my teeth so it's uningestable.  She takes an order of tamago off my bill to make up for it.  Very nice but still, my meal was $29 before tax and tip...and I couldn't even chew 25% of it.  
Nope.Came here for Sushi...left extremely satisfied
I found this place via yelp looking for the next best piece of Sushi. Living in South Jersey, i'm not afraid to make this commute to this place. Their rolls are some of the freshest i've had in my entire life and their list of rolls is definitely very accommodating for everyone im sure due to its vastness. The INFERNO roll (i think it was called) was and IS my favorite. I've eaten here i think 3 times so far and got that each time...gets better every time baby!We had a very nice dinner at Jugi Mountain last night. The sushi was awesome and the service was really good. Sweet girls. The wine wasn't the best. But the decor was very comfortable. We'll definitely go back.The destination was supposed to be Primo Hoagies but they were closed on July 5th for some reason (post 4th of July hangovers, I suspect), so the boy and I came in here because our famished stomachs couldn't take any more deprivation.
Decor is cute in a faux-bamboo kind of way and the staff are very friendly and attentive. The Rainbow Roll to split was disappointing--6 tiny pieces with the smallest, thinnest, sparsest cuts of fish ever. The roll is supposed to feature at least 3 types of fish usually, but I counted only two. And the quality of the fish--not too impressive.
I got the salmon lunch special, which at $12 was decent but not mindblowing. Again, the salmon was not of the highest quality (too dried out) and the pieces were tiny. The boyfriend got the chicken bento and that seemed like the best choice of the meal. One huge bento box filled with dumplings, chicken and a billion other things I can't quite recall. The food itself was pretty standard but those are portions I'm more used to in a Japanese place.my old hangout when i was living in philly, i love their soju cocktail there, and i remember they served great korean food too, somehow don't see that in their current menu online now. Craving to go back when i am in philly the next time.Maybe I'm Shamu and I need a whole tub of raw fish to be happy, but I paid $18 for 10 pieces of ordinary maki rolls and I couldn't even tell what kind of fish was in one of them.  I went because a friend liked it, so it was not completely voluntary.  The rolls were rolls, absolutely nothing special about them, except for the portion control.  I can diet on my own, thanks.  
If you know of any good (and reasonably priced) sushi places in Philadelphia (and not Vic's) please give me a shout!First, Fuji Mountain participates in Sips, so going there on a Wednesday night was awesome.
Second, THEIR SUSHI IS PHENOMENAL! My boyfriend and I shared 3 rolls: spicy tuna (his choice) and the Florida and Fire roll (my choices). The spicy tuna was to be expected and I have yet to find a spicy tuna roll that wasn't agreeable. But the Florida and the Fire rolls were just that- FIRE. I used to be of the opinion that all sushi is either good/fresh or bad. Fuji Mountain made me change my outlook on sushi. 
It didn't hurt that they served Hoegaarden and made a delicious and fresh seaweed salad.
We were a little concerned because of the lack of diners, but we need to keep in mind that it was a Wednesday night. But the service was good, the food was great, and it was a quiet reprieve from bustling Center City.Awesome place! We had a private karaoke room and it was so much fun! I do not love that they have the song list by song title and not artist (makes it harder to find songs) but the have a great selection. The sushi and other food items were also great. The service was wonderful. Not a lot of good beers but they have great cocktails.Good sushi at a good price. Friendly service. Dragon roll and spicy tuna roll are the best.The sushi here is tasty.  And you can drink a can of Sapporo here.  And it will taste like Sapporo.  But really, the karaoke room upstairs is what amuses me most.  Get some drinks and try to operate the giant remote that has NO BUTTONS IN ENGLISH.  It's more fun than it sounds, honest.  The english selection of songs is lackluster, but the completely random videos that play in the background more than make up for it.So we went on a Monday evening and it was super empty at first. People started swarming in before we knew it. The food was pretty good. I'm a pretty picky sushi eater but I liked what I was presented with. They have other stuff on the menu too like noodle bowls etc, so if your friend likes sushi and you don't, you'll have things to choose from. The saki peachtini was nasty to me - I should have just ordered a beer because that's what it tasted like. 
Their tempura icecream was pretty good. As far as price, I think they were too pricey for sushi but I suppose this is what you get for center city!we went with a party of six  and the meal we had here was delicious! loved the ambiance of the place. we had two of the special rolls which were our tables favorite for the night while the rest of the rolls were good but nothing mind blowing. service was a little slow at the beginning. it took forever for the server to finally come to our table and take our order. the nice thing about this place was we were given ample time to sit and talk and eat, no one rushed us. overall a big fan of this place for solid japanese food and good sushi. maybe next time we'll even check out the karaoke upstairs!Excellent food presentation, amazing quality, fresh, very clean (I'm super weird about hygiene and it can make or break a place), nice atmosphere and a clean bathroom with good quality toilet paper (did not need it but nice to know its there when you do need it). This
Was my first restaurant week experience and I loved every minute of this great experience!PROS
-spacious interior
-high chairs
-very friendly service
-large portions
CONS
-their sushi rice was overcooked!! This is a major flaw. It ruined all of my sushi rolls and made them into awful MUSH
-their chicken teriyaki was bland unfortunately though the portion was large
-expensive prices 
-they messed up my roll order and never replaced it
I really wanted to like this restaurant given the proximity to my apartment and the ease at getting a table! Unfortunately I will not be back :(Fuji Mountain was beyond all expectations the staff is friendly and attentive our waitress was the best we have had anywhere in a long time and the sushi and shasimi was fresh and delicious. Definitely worth trying you won't be disappointed.Being a 'fish head' I know good sushi - and this place has it!
Sushi is 90% good fish and 10% chef - in my opinion.  Good fish needs no help being eatable.  This place knows it and the fish CAN'T be fresher!
The head chef (Takeshi) was classically trained in Japan and can make some really interesting dishes if you ask him to create something special.
The service was pretty good also and they have a full bar.  Prices are in-line for a sushi place, and good food isn't cheap of course.  The nice thing is it's 5-start food without the 5-start price.
They have several floors, a bar and even a couple karaoke rooms.
If you're near this place then give it a try - You won't be disappointed!I really like the sushi here.
I came here with a pretty large group (9 or 10 people, I think), and they were very accommodating. Granted, it was a weeknight and they weren't super busy, but I really appreciated that they seated us even when a few people were still on their way, and they didn't have a problem with such a large party even though I forgot to call and make reservations.
I was being a fatty the night I came here and ended up ordering a huge sushi platter. I think it was the sushi deluxe. Anyway, the platter came out, and it was huge as expected, and the sushi chef actually came over to our table with it. He told me that he had put a piece of "toro" on my plate, which is the belly fat of the tuna and the most delicious part. I was flattered by this, and he was right -- the toro was SO delicious. My friends told me they also all enjoyed their food, but I'm pretty sure mine was the best :).
My friends and I had a great experience dining at Fuji Mountain, and we will definitely be back!So I checked in here a couple months ago and Yelp has been bugging me to write a review since...and I've been too lazy to do so. But here it is, Yelp, so stop bugging me! :)
My friend was feeling Sushi for the night so we yelped around and decided to check this place out. I got the Salmon Teriyaki Bento Box, (or combo...I don't remember)...it came with a starter salad, miso soup and finally my salmon teriyaki dish.
Everything was pretty delicious. The salad was fresh and the dressing was yummy, the miso soup felt very light and flavorful and the salmon teriyaki dish was just rightly seasoned. One thing is that I wish I had asked for my salmon medium rare instead of medium...I like my salmon on the rarer side. Note for next time.
I'm a little more hesitant to try out their sushi/sashimi, but maybe I'll try next time...
Overall, good, solid place right next to my apt!Volcano roll was awesomeeeeeee. Service was ok but nothing horrible.I have never had sushi here but tried nabeyaki, gyoza and agedashi tofu one late night. Restaurant structor was unique. It was 3 story restaurants and divided sushi bar, restaurants and karaoke. I guess some ppl eat, drink and go upstairs to sing after. 
My nabe dish was pretty good. I was craving some hot soup and it was soothing. What I needed that night. Gyoza was little greasy and didn't have much stuffing. Was failed dish. Agedashi tofu was crispy and well fried. And liked the dashi broth with radish. Yum. Was my favorite dish. 
I have not back there for two reasons. Still need to try other new places and also really creepy guy tried to talked to me at the restaurant that night ( but waitress lady piloted stopped the creepy guy, thanks to her ), I just creeped out from that weird vibe from dinner so have not back.Complimentary appetizers- miso soup and fresh salad with ginger/peanut dressing were great starters. 
Entree- various types of sushi/sashimi placed onto a large flat wooden plate. I guess you would call it the sushi boat but it wasn't on a boat (amazlingly fresh and 4 people were more than full). Some sort of avocado tempura roll was brought out along with the sushi which was delicious. We also had the neck of yellowtail fish and it was soo good, first time trying this. My daughter had the chicken stir fry noodle entree and she ate ALL of it- she's only 3.
People assume sushi isn't fulfilling like a steak dinner but trust me, there was no room for left for dessert. The service was awesome- waiters/waitresses always came by to see if we needed anything and kept our glasses full. Will definitely be coming back.i am never disappointed when i come here. it may be because it was the first place i tried sushi, but it will always hold a special place in my heart.
i have been here on a date, with friends, with family.... it is the perfect place for all occasions.  fish is always fresh, prices are reasonable, ambiance is great, service is excellent, food never takes too long.... stop  me now, i could go on forever.
my favorite thing ever is their Negimaki.  and i love the spicy sauce that comes on the shrimp tempura roll. have tried to duplicate these at home to no avail!Good little Japanese restaurant in the Philly area. Did not expect the amount of options they had in their menu. Very tough to find quality Japanese food in the area, and this one did not disappoint.Solid sushi in center city. Went because we had a coupon - but we would come back even without it. Flavorful rolls, fresh fish, especially enjoyed the cold noodles with tempura.We had an enjoyable meal at Fuji Mountain. I don't eat anything with raw fish, but the rolls were tasty. The price was right, too, with a bottle of sake plus dinner for two totaling $63 (before tip).The sushi I got tasted great, and the decor is very nice.  It's pretty expensive though, and the rolls are very small.  Overall, a nice experience if you're not that hungry or willing to spend a lot to be full.I find Fuji Mountain to be the best sushi in Philly.  I absolutely love it, and simply can't say enough good things about it.   The front of the restaurant is a Sushi bar with a sushi chefs waiting to make the best for you, the back is regular sit down restraunt designed to feel like a Japanese living room.  Music is eclectic modern jazz.  Can I have some more please!I feel like I can't give an adequate review based solely upon beers and service, but I'm going to throw this one out there anyway (and update if need be when I go back for food.) 
I came here for a karaoke party earlier this month and had a blast belting out tunes and sipping Japanese beers. The server in our private room was fast, efficient and attentive. I never went empty-glassed for long.
From what I understand, the prices for a private karaoke room are reasonable - we each threw in about $5 to extend the party another hour. I was down. 
Get creative with your karaoke choices - or do old standbys. I tried "Don't Stop Believing" after I found out they didn't have "Don't You (Forget About Me)" of Breakfast Club fame.
Consider this for your next party, if you're up for some karaoke. Bonus - with the location, there are tons of places to pre and post-game. Behold, Center City and Rittenhouse!This a review for take out. I ordered the rock n roll (eel & avocado topped with shrimp) and the squid salad. Both portion sizes were surprisingly small for the price, the roll came with 6 pieces, which is unusual for a $10 specialty roll. It was also lackluster in eel quantity, which is my favorite part. 2 of the sushi pieces had something sharp in it, I deduce that they did not take care in preparing the shrimp. The squid salad tasted a bit too fishy - I'm a big squid fan, but the sauce they used was overwhelming and gave me a stomach ache for hours. Even my cat wouldn't eat it! (ha) Will stick to other local sushi restaurants in the future.Had Arizona, 2 Rainbow, Sandwich rolls and Shrimp Tempura rolls. I thought sandwich rolls were unique since it was literally a sandwich. It's big so have to take multiple bites but oh well - it was good. Spicy yellowtail (Arizona) was very good as well. I wish the rolls were a little bigger since they are kind of pricey for their sizes. Might get too $$ if you are the starving one. lol
Overall, the service and the ambience was great.I am severely allergic to shellfish and so-so allergic to fish. I made it a point to call and talk with someone before I went there for lunch today. I was assured that I could order a nice veggie and allergy friendly lunch today and not die. Feeling that my allergy was understood I met a friend there and told the hostess that I was the one with the shellfish/fish allergy. They told me 'no problem, we also informed your server.' I thought I was good to go. I ordered a simple miso soup, avacado roll, and fuji roll (which is a bunch of veggies). I explained the allergy to the waiter-who spoke English, but not very fluently-and said 'NO FISH, NO SHELLFISH' do you understand? He said yes and repeated what I said. I asked him if he understood that I was allergic and he said yes. Half way through eating my soup he strolls over and in his heavy accent informs me that 'there's a fish in soup' and points to my bowl. He then asked me ' but it ok right?' Um, no you douche, it's not. Not at all ok. I got really mad at the guy and told him it's imperitive that he understand what an allergy is and understand what fish and shellfish are, in english. After making sure that the rolls were still ok to eat, he went away. He would not stop staring at me from a distance like he was waiting for me to go up in flames or something. I explained the allergy to him but I still don't think he 'got it'. Luckily, I am not severely allergic to fish so the little bit of soup that I did eat did not affect my breathing too badly and I just took a couple of benadryl when I got back to my office. Still, this should NOT have happened.My friend and I stopped in for something lite to eat - neither one of us was particularly hungry, and I wish we were! I would have loved to try more. We split 2 different rolls and they were very good. The service was great, atmosphere was nice and mellow. Next time I'm in philly and craving sushi, I'm definitely going to stop back in.First, there was a strange smell in the dining area when I went-- like cat pee. That may sway my less than cheery review.  
My girlfriend and I went using a living social deal, thankfully.  We arrived and were seated immediately.  The space is narrow but decent, and there is a second level with a karaoke lounge (a hidden gem).  They have a fairly good list of adult beverages, but they place nice with those who might not drink, too.  
We ordered  a "Caraff" of Soju, and they brought us a teapot with KoolAid-watermelon-flavored Soju and ice.  Awkward.  It was awful tasting, too. $13 down the drain.
For the main course, we had a sushi platter that was fine, but nothing special.  I must say, the woman who took our order modified it to our liking. If there was a downside, she was the third woman (possible the FOH Manager) who took our order after we beckoned for anyone.  
In the end, I wouldn't go back to Fuji Mountain for the food, but the karaoke and drinks are incredible. It's the only reason they get three stars and not two.love this place! i don't live to far and order sushi or udon noodles for delivery at least once a month. the food is fresh and the portions are good.This is a 4-star sushi joint.
It's good for taking a date. It's good for late night snacks. It's good for when you have a sushi jonesing.The other night I went here with friends as it was very late to go out for food. I found so many axing rolls that I had not remembered being there before. My friend and I kept on commenting how amazing the food was. They have really nice drinks too. I love that they are open later. I loved it so much I went back with my husband a we had an awesome time. I actually think they are one of the more affordable sushi restaurants and they produce quality sushi. And Japanese is my favorite genre of food!!!Wonderful sushi. Warm and friendly service.  Cozy seating.  And the first place I that I ever tried sea urchin gonads.  I know that sounds disturbing - but  I am afterall an adventurous eater. Of course, I think that's the most adventurous thing I've ever had.  As with any sushi dinner my husband and I have, we must always order a plate of sashimi.  Love the salmon, white tuna (which was to die for here), yellowtail. But never do I think to try beyond this.  My husband felt daring that night and pointed randomly to something on the sashimi menu - Uni.  It sounded normal enough, and we didn't even ask questions or look it up because we were in the mood to be surprised.  And we were - because it apparently it was fresh - the shell had just been cracked open, and it was presented beautifully with the spikey sea urchin shell opened up to the uni.  It was yellowish in color, and looked sort of creamy.  It actually was too, like melt in your mouth creamy, which helped to forget what you were actually eating.  Totally recommend it now.   It really was a delicious addition to our meal which followed - dragon roll, spicy tuna roll, udon noodles I think it was. all very good.  Thank you Fuji Mtn for a disturbingly delicious meal!Absolutely in love with the sashimi and nigiri here. I would not recommend coming for the special sushi rolls, at least the ones that I tried (inferno roll and volcano roll). They were not very tasty to me. However, the "take" (nigiri and sashimi mix with a spicy trio-sashimi roll), chirashi, and a la carte choices of o-toro and pink snapper were awesome. I also tried the uni and did not like it. It was very mushy. The ice cream comes with 2 scoops (if I remember correctly) so you can ask for half of a different flavor which is a plus.Really great fresh sushi. The staff was very friendly, and the service was prompt. I would definitely come back.Standard, no complaints, yummy sushi.  Was unable to try the wide array of saki at last visit, but will need to return to do so.  Wait staff was friendly and efficient.Amazing food! Servers on first floor wears kimono. Washington roll is the best on the menu, fried banana with ice cream is simply an sweet ending. Dynamite mussel is a great appitizer :pI have been going to Fuji Mountain since 2002. It has been less frequent since i moved out of the city. On my latest visit i had a JBS roll, a sandwich roll, and spicy scallop sushi. The JBS roll and the scallop sushi were perfect and have not changed since the first time I enjoyed them. The sandwich roll was a bit messy and not as refined as I remember it. Also tasted a bit of the BFs specialty inferno roll. It was tasty, but a bit overpowering on the heat. Will continue to return to enjoy the good sushi.I came for lunch and was in a  rush to get to the airport. The place was quiet and we were waiting on instantly, within 5 minutes of ordering we had our rolls in front of us. 
I am not from the area, so I am used to getting salmon rolls with salmon slightly off color and lacking the robust flavor, which I believe salmon should be. The salmon, avocado, and cream cheese roll reminded me of why I am moving back to the East Coast. The salmon looked amazing. It tasted even better. 
The price is slightly steep, but I think you have to pay a little more for good quality sushi. However, I am not sure if this is a regional thing, but I am used to get sushi rolls of 8 pieces not 6. Either way it was delicious.Appreciate that they stay open late but unfortunately that doesn't cancel out the fact that the avocado in both avocado rolls was overripe and smushy.
The inferno roll which is a spicy tuna roll with spicy salmon on top was a big gooey mess. I took the salmon off since it smelled less than fresh.
Shrimp tempura roll and miso was pretty standard.
it seems like they just slopped all their leftover ingredients together in the sushi rolls
The rice for all the rolls was strangely sweet and overly mushy.
I feel like I wasted $40 on take out here.
Would not return unless I was in the area and had no other choice especially late at nightReally enjoyed the food... The wasabi pork dumpling was quite good. I really like the idea of them open until 2am.This is a good neighborhood staple for us. We probably eat in or get take out from Fuji one to twice a month. The sushi is consistent and tasty here.  They give nice portioned sized nigiri pieces. 
The only dish we did not like here was the teriyaki chicken dinner. The chicken was dry and tasted like the chicken had been cooked with out seasoning and then drenched in watered down sauce. 
I would stick with the sushi here :)I love this place! the sushi is simple and  tasty simply divine sushi :)
Our service is always so pleasant, the staff here is excellent .
I recommend the the white tiger  specialty roll and any of their Sushi Ala Cart  and the Sashimi  if you wan something sweet try  the tempura bananas with green tea ice cream.Dined here early in the year for Restaurant Week and everything, I mean everything was soooo good!!!  The Wait Staff spoke good English and was knowledgeable about the menu. 
My five courses: The Seafood Miso Soup was very flavorful!! Salmon Skin Salad perfect! Susi Appetizer was juuuust right. No falling apart. By the time my fourth course came I was stuffed!!! For my fourth course, I got the Teriyaki Salmon. Delicious! The fifth course I chose the Green Tea Ice cream and you could actually taste the green tea!!! 
I hope you enjoy dining here as much as I did. Parking is crazy so bring patience.Well, my friend had a birthday party th'other night so she rented out the room on the second floor of this place. I didn't have a chance to get food, but i will say that we had a great time drinking and singing karaoke. So bottom line is: if you're gonna have a party, there's a good chance this is the place to have it.This place was everything I hoped it would be! Had a King Crab California Roll and Salmon. Washed it down with an Ichiban and some house Saki. Excellent all around!!I had a rented room for my birthday here... it was a really fun time.  My friends got kind of obnoxious, but the guy serving us was very patient with everyone did a good job of tending to us.  The karaoke room was awesome - we had the one with it's own bathroom and a bunch of couches... it was perfect.  The karaoke selection was a bit limited, but it didn't really matter once the saki bombs started flying...  There were probably about 20 of us total, and I think that's pretty much the max amount you can fit in there.  We ordered a boat of sushi, which was delicious... but it wasn't quite enough for all of us.  I should have ordered two of them.  It was pretty expensive, but I think even though we only paid for 3 hours they let us stay way longer than that since we had it at the end of the night.  It made for a very memorable night.Just ok sushi. Known to be a popular late evening hangout for some Penn students. I'd say shiroi hana and especially sagami are better for sushi.Staff is excellent helpful and friendly. Service is always quick and their rolls are awesome! Will ever going back!Large sake bombs are the best!! It was definitely worth every penny! The salmon tempura rolls are the best.Came here with some friends on a rainy friday afternoon.  We chose to get the restaurant week menu.  I did notice that the menu consisted of the cheapest items that they served.  NO fried icecream.  The soup was actually very good and it had actual scallops and mussels not the typical tofu like other joints. The starter consisted of some sort of steamed shrimp dumpling (similar to something you get for dimsum).  That was my favorite part of the meal.  Next came a salad which was literally iceberg and some arugula thrown  on  salmon eggs.  The main dish was a combo sashimi platter.  Everything here was mediocre, nothing special, the fish wasn't too fresh but not bad.  I really couldn't complain about it but I am never going to crave fuji mountain.  The dessert was red bean ice cream (self explanatory).
Bottom Line-  So-So sushi,  Great tea, nice atmosphere, not the best but not the worst.Food is solid as are the sake options. Only issue is with service which can be a bit slow. Definitely worth it though.We came here for dinner last night and I have to say, I was not disappointed. We were on the first floor so I can't rate the upper dining room or karaoke. We enjoyed a few appetizers and some maki rolls and everything was on point. The service was polite and quick and the price was very reasonable for all of the food we ordered. We would definitely come again!Very good sushi, always fresh. A little overpriced but worth it for a night out. If you are planning on ordering in or takeout, you might want to consider one of the cheaper places nearby.I like Fuji but I don't think the prices are justified. The chicken teriyaki is really large and has quite a bit of chicken (definitely very filling), but the serving of seaweed salad ($6.50, if I remember correctly) was probably half the size of my fist. Fresh fish, basic rolls were pretty small. I enjoyed their decorations though!My boyfriend and I love this place. 
We're from the Bay Area in California and it has been really difficult to find a good/decent Japanese place nearby and we were so excited to find this place. 
It's one of the few places that has full bar, everywhere seems to be BYOB. We got a hot sale for a good price and it was worth about 20 sake cups. We had so much that we couldn't finish it ourselves and shared a couple of shots to a couple beside us.
The food was amazing! My boyfriend and I love unagi and their unagi bowl was totally worth the price. It seems pricey but they really put a lot of unagi slices in the bowl unlike other places we've been to, including places in Cali.
I highly recommend this place!Fuji Mtn was the first place I had sushi in Philadelphia.  
The location is OK and in the evenings parking is fairly easy to find.  I usually end up on the same block.
The restaurant has multiple floors.  
Downstairs is the sushi bar.  My favorite is the second floor. It's a tidy little dining area where the booths are separated shoji. The stained and shellacked wood adds a nice warmth.  
There is a cocktail bar across from the upstairs dining room, just up several steps and is separated by a glass door to keep reasonable quiet in the dining area.  There is a karaoke lounge on the floor above which I've never test driven but maybe some day.
The food is simply good.  The one time I had a non-sushi entree I found the portions are decent.  For sushi, sashimi and rolls, the fish is fresh.  I usually only go to Mt. Fuji for the sushi a la carte but usually end up with soup and salad too.  The miso could use a bit of pep... or something. It's just standard.  I opt for the seaweed salad which is probably from a massive box (I sometime buy in Asian markets) but was chilled nicely.  The fish I've eaten has been very fresh. I've never received a piece which wasn't completely thawed.   The sushi and sashimi portions are average but, like I said, very fresh.  I've had larger and smaller (oddly smaller at far more expensive restaurants).
Wasabi servings are generous (I'm a fan of anything with a major spicy kick) and the pickled ginger is standard fare: still good for palate cleansing between different fish.
I wouldn't say this is the best Japanese restaurant in Philly but for a decent dinner at a fair price it's a good option.  I'll keep going back as long as they keep doing what they do.This is currently my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia. Menu is excellent and varied, service is wonderful, the ambiance is great and they stay open late even on weekdays. I always order the hamachi Kama- it's delicious!The sushi was really really good. Portions are smalled than I'm used to in Vegas but that's ok. Prices are fair and Atmosphere is great. Very classy, esp compared to some joints. definately come here for sushi in philly.
Trans Friendly- zero porblemCame here the other week. Don't think I'll ever come back due to lack of service and cleanliness. We are eating raw fish right?If you're in the mood for sashimi, this is the place to go! The presentation, taste and overall quality is top notch. 
If you're in thr mood for sushi, definitely try the inferno or white tiger roll. You won't be disappointed. 
Service is great. I accidentally knocked over my glass of water and a waitress came right away to assure me that it was ok and things like this happens. They weren't mad about it at all. 
Overall, I was very satisfied and will definitely come back.This has by far the best sushi i've had in Philadelphia. The staff is friendly enough and the service is good. They also are not annoyingly friendly or present which is refreshing. The booths are cute and they have a great drink selection (sapporo, asahi and so on) Great place, well kept and amazing sushi.So I went here a little over a month ago with my friend for dinner. It was a Tuesday night, and when we went upstairs (2F) in the dining section, there was NO ONE... oh? This restaurant's my friend's favorite place (my 1st try), and I thought it would be busy... but I was completely taken aback by that.
Anyway, the waiter... certainly he was an interesting person. First of all, he was friendly and attentive enough, but I caught him about 10 ft away behind the counter eating some strong-smelling food, which wasn't that pleasant. At one point, he was getting into our conversation because I was talking about "not getting into trouble" because I'm underage and won't take a drink my friend offered. It was weird... he was like, "You don't want any trouble, do yaaaa?" Ummm. Yeah.
Anyways, let's get to food.... mixed mixed mixed!
Beef Teriyaki- Oh my horrible! The beef was so... hard, dry, and yucky, I didn't know what to do with that. I usually finish what I eat, but that was the one time I did not. I do not recommend that at all.
Sushi Deluxe- pretty good.. nice color, fresh, right amount of rice, everything was good.. a bit pricy though for what you get.
Washington- I don't know.. we were willing to try something else, so we asked the waiter for some recommendation and this was it. Actually, this was the best selection of the night. I had no idea what it was, but oh my....... GOODNESS that thing was delicious. Spicy, right amount of sauce on the soba with the avocado... it was just.. amazing. I would go back to Fuji Mountain just for that.
drinks? of course, I had a drink, which was lemon soju. It was average; a bit more soju to the ratio would have been better, in my opinion.
My friend treated me to this dinner, so I don't remember how much exactly, but I think it came out to something close to 100 dollars for us two... that's pretty... high for what I got. Overall, the taste doesn't quite match up to the pricy menu. If you want to try some creative selections on the roll menu, I recommend that!I had a really good experience here for my wife birthday.  We went for the karaoke but the sushi was pretty damn good also.  We arrived and were starving, so while waiting for our karaoke night to begin, we decided to order a ton of sushi.  I must say, it was really really good all around.  This place also upped its game for me in the karaoke department.  The room had a bar in it complete with bartender.. drinks on demand!  If you spend a certain amount, you also get the room for free, which yakitori used to do, before they got too big for their britches.  Good job Fuji.. made a new customer out of me.  See-ya soonI've been to a lot of sushi places in Philly. Fuji Mountain is in the "Good but pricey" group.
You get what you pay for here. It's more expensive than other options down the street (Vic's Sushi) but the quality is much higher. 
It's very clean, quiet and fast service. The atmosphere is very nice, and the service is good. 
Overall - Definitely stop by if you have the cash. It's a great date spot.Went here for the last day of the restaurant week. I ordered a calamari (was eehhh), Salmon skin salad (really good), then the main course "Sushi premium Chef's choice". When I asked the server what the Chef's choice was, she had no idea. I let it go, And ordered it expecting maybe like a Philadelphia roll, California roll, you know the basic sushi rolls. BUT I got sushi that had the raw fish on top of the rice! I know it is still a sushi since it's on the rice. I eat Sashimi anyway so I ate it. The fact that the server didn't know what the Chef's choice was a big no no. It would have been a big deal for people who dont eat raw sushi. And I must say, it was not "Premium" quality! Im sticking to my south jersey faves! The city never seems to have a good Japanese place.Good sushi and satisfying entrees.  This is the first place I have ever had a miso soup that I enjoyed.  Both entrees were fully enjoyed and the service was excellent.
Only reason I give 4 stars rather than 5 is the value wasnt really there.  This was one of the more expensive Japanese meals I have had where there was no wow factor.  It is good food, but nothing struck me as amazing or made me crave coming back the next night.   I'm giving 4 rather than 3 because my bf loved this place.We ordered sashimi deluxe for 2 and the Crazy tuna roll. It was "okay". Everything tasted bland. The white tuna was still frozen......The soy sauce was very watered-down and spicy mayo and wasabi wasn't spicy at all. For the price we paid, I'm not sure it was worth it.I've been twice now and the food's been great both times. Tonight my fiancee tried the steamed wasabi shumai dumplings, and I ordered the fried shrimp shumai dumplings. Both came out piping hot (which I Love). I tried one of my fiancee's wasabi dumplings and it was very tasty. My dumplings were very good as well. My fiancee also tried the seafood miso soup and really enjoyed it. For entree's he ordered their "Inferno Roll" I remember it was topped with salmon, scallions, and some special sauces amongst other things. It looked great. I ordered three rolls ( I was hungry) the Hamachi Roll (Yellowtail and scallion) the Salmon Tempura Roll, and the "Firecracker Roll". Everything was very fresh and tasty AND we didn't have to wait long for our food to come out despite how busy they were tonight. I usually never get desert but tonight I splurged and tried the tempura ice cream with a tempura fried banana. I have no complaints, everything was soooo good so, we will be going back.I've been here about 4 times, and I always have a good meal here.  The sushi is fresh and the miso soup is good.  They have bento boxes and other lunchtime specials.  I don't know if this is the best sushi in Philly, but it's pretty darn good.Great late night spot for Sushi and Sake, sushi is flavorful and fresh, service is also great. Big sushi selection, most places I have gone to have an item on the menu but always seem to run out, but not here, anything I pick on the menu I get. Specialty Rolls are creative and delicious.I have to say. this place is great. Wonderful tasting food (well designed food arrangement), nice decorations, waitress dress (kimono) was very nice also. With Groupon discount I was able get Seven-Course Chef's Tasting Menu consist of: Salad (seaweed and house salad with ginger miso dressing), Soup (wonton vegetable soup), Kitchen appetizer (dynamite mussel - mussel topped with spice crab meat ), Sushi bar appetizer sampler (7 or so sushi pieces of different fish), Small portion kitchen entree (Fried Pork Chop with eggplant), Small portion sushi/sashimi entree (2 different fish with some special tasting sauces), Dessert (mochi ice cream). Overall all the food was plenty and filled me up about half way. I would love to go back there if they were in NJ and if another Groupon discount comes up.Our hotel recommended this Japanese restaurant to my partner and I. The service was so terrible and the food average for the price. We were astonished by how rude our waiter was, we waited about 20 minutes to order drinks and then 20 minutes just to get the bill at the end. The waiter seemed too cool to care and pretty much just drop our Udon on the table. We got a tempura Udon - the noodles/broth came out first followed by the tempura vegetables 5 minutes later. The waiter just slammed it on the table with no explanation or apology for the delay. Was not impressed and will not be going back when we return to Philadelphia.I deducted a star for the delivery service.  I live in Rittenhouse not far just to preface.  So the woman on the phone was very polite, clear, well spoken but I suppose they put in my address incorrectly.  So when the delivery man arrived an older Asian man, he gruffly informed me he had been searching 22 minutes for my apartment (this was like forty total minutes after I had placed the order btw,) no phone call asking where the apartment was, just quite rude behavior.  Had he not been so rude I probably would have tipped him more for his trouble but he was just a jerk.
As far as the sushi I loved the chicken tempura.  The spicy scallop was not the best.  I've had other rolls before in house but I can't remember them.
So while I wouldn't recommend them for delivery I would go to the actual restaurant again, as the in house staff has always been very pleasant and professional.This review is based on my small takeout order only:
 Strolling home last night, I wanted some sushi. I walked in, placed my order and was out within 6 minutes.  Stellar. Got home, everything was fresh, rolls were a nice size and everything I needed was in the bag. The gentleman behind the register (who also takes takeout orders) gave me a menu and told me to call ahead anytime and it would be ready for pick up. He also told me about their free delivery.  Service for takeout was 5 stars. Thanks, Mt. Fuji!The inferno roll was great but the eel meet salmon was very small, rice-heavy, and skimpy on fish. The Florida roll was a very fresh and delicious blend of spicy salmon and avocado.  Try the mussels appetizer; you get 5 baked mussels covered with kani salad. The unagi don was decently portioned and seasoned although it is no match for ajihei's. It comes with a side of oshinko too. Service is very attentive and friendly.Wandered to Fuji Mountain after trying to go to Vic's on a Sunday and finding it CLOSED (tear).
Immediately I liked the atmosphere of the place, lots of wood screens and nice touches.  We had a really friendly waiter and free edamame! I got some basic rolls which was all I was craving, but they were considerably more expensive than Vic's... The quality was better though, which it should have been at that price.
The miso soup and salad were definitely a cut above many that I have had- miso was actually flavorful and the salad had fresh greens and really good dressing.
My two friends got an Ahi tuna steak with veggies, which he said was amazing, and an udon noodle soup with tempura which looked equally delicious.  My friend also got some cucumber martini which was really refreshing and awesome.
This place is definitely not in the same category as Vic's, it's a more fancy sit-down-for-dinner-and-drinks type place, so with that being said I really like it. 
Wouldn't get take out sushi from here necessarily, but for a night out I could be back.This is one of my favorite late night spots in Philly. Love that I can get good sushi at a reasonable price even late at night. There's also karaoke upstairs. I've been here several times and the quality of the fish is consistently good, and the miso soup is always on point. If you want something cooked, the pork katsudon is also very delicious -- I would definitely recommend! Service can be slow but the staff is very friendly and nice. The interior is also nice and clean.I've now tried five different sushi restaurants within about a ten square block area of this part of Philly.  Fuji Mountain is by far, the best I've found thus far.  Their selection, quality, portion size were all superior to the others.  They are a bit more expensive than the others - two pieces of hamachi nigiri were $6.50 as compared to $5.50 and $6, but the portion was also larger.  I tried their sashimi, sushi, soup, salad, and one of their premium sakes and it was all outstanding. My total bill (before tip) was $86 (I was REAL hungry) and I'll definitely return to Fuji Mountain.  You should try it, too!Phenomenal sushi.  Even my sushi friend met a few fish that he had never eaten- white tuna!  Awesome!  So fresh and delicious!The karaoke rooms are great if you have a big enough party to meet the required tab. Although the selection is missing some classics. 
Ordered the yaki shrimp which was very tasty as well as my blackberry passion cocktail.My bf and I decided to come here because of the 4 Star yelp reviews and the delicious looking photos. Boy were we disappointed!! We ordered the sashimi deluxe (which only had 14 pieces) not the abundant amount as shown in the photo. This would have been fine if we had good cuts of fish, however the sashimi was not fresh and were all bad cuts. We had two additional rolls the inferno roll and the spicy scallop roll. The inferno roll had a huge bone in it!! When I asked about it the waitress dismissed me and said "that's just a salmon bone." She never even suggested to go back and ask the sushi chef. I love sushi and eat it all the time and never have I received a sushi roll with a bone in it. The spicy scallop roll was a bit fishy. The service was horrible. Overall horrible experience that ended up costing us $75. Beware of the false 4 star ratings. Do not recommend this place to anyone. Will never be back.This review is for the karaoke bar, rather than the food, which I will have to come back some time to try.
Two nights in one week of karaoke at Fuji Mountain leaves me full of beer, sake and my ears ringing of bad singing. The karaoke room is located on the 4th floor and while not large, it can squeeze in 20-30. The karaoke here is really old school (you pick songs out of a book) compared to what I'm used to in Asia (smart phone apps allow users to pick songs straight from their phones). This is a private room though, so do book in advance. We had a bachelorette party crash ours on the first night. 
The bar is located on the 3rd floor and has more space for guests to mingle, along with a TV + mic system for more karaoke. 
Centrally located near Rittenhouse, I am a fan! (even though I don't sing...)The house hot sake is delicious! Don't worry about deciding what to drink, just order that. I recently ate here with two friends and our server was awesome. She was friendly and funny and helpful when it came to finalizing our order. The yellowtail collar appetizer is so amazing. I ordered the sea bass with mushrooms and it was incredible. I can't wait to go back.My fiancee and I went for a 7 course tasting menu using a Groupon. We both thought the food was really good. I really enjoyed the Dynamite Mussels. It was a great way to try a variety of different menu items. We will definitely be returning for more!  
The restaurant was clean and the wait staff very attentive and friendly. There was a parking lot just feet away.I really enjoyed the dinner I had here. I was with a group of 7, and the service was friendly and pretty quick. I had the Tanuki with soba, and a maguro roll, which made for a great dinner. The soup was flavorful, and I especially enjoyed the fried tofu. The rolls were a good size -- a substantial bite, but not too much to get in my mouth all at once. We shared some tempura, which was quite good -- not too much batter, and then cooked to perfection. Everyone else seemed to enjoy what they had, as well.
The whole staff seemed to enjoy greeting the customers -- the sushi chefs greeted us and said goodbye on our way in, which I thought was neat.So happy that we came here for restaurant week. Service and ambiance was smooth and warm (5/5 stars). The value of our five course meal was amaaaazing (7/5). I loved the first 2 courses the most: sweet and umamilicious mushroom soup and generous sashimi salad. The miso soup and tofu dish that one of us in the party had wasn't too special (3/5) based on my taste bud preference. The main course had a delicious hand roll (5/5) but I wish the actual sashimi slices of the course (4/5) melted in my mouth just a bit more. It was still generous in portion and tasted above average. I'm a bit spoiled when it comes to sushi. I ate my favorite sushi in Osaka and Tokyo. Ice cream ended the meal perfectly!
I was anxious about finding decent Japanese food here but yet again Philly, you continue to impress me!
Torn between 4 vs 5 stars overall but this lunch put me in a good mood and am going to round up. This place is a MUST for restaurant week, at least for lunch.After an exhausting day of the Flyers losing to the Pens (grrrrrr) and hours unpacking and putting together exercise equipment for my bf (amazingly enough, I'm better at handiwork than he is), I was definitely not in the mood to make dinner. The bf immediately suggested sushi and since I don't remember the last time he actually cooked a meal I was more than willing to fork over some cash for guaranteed tasty food. 
Gotta love online ordering! Our food took literally no time since it was a Sunday and apparently NO ONE was eating out/ordering in like we were. We were both so hungry we could barely contain ourselves as we stuffed edamame in our mouths and broke chopsticks in two. 
Check dance (Eel & Cucumber Inside with Yellowtail outside): I love yellowtail. I love eel. Why not combine them? A nice take on a classic roll, and we could tell how fresh their fish is. The eel sauce they add on top is thankfully minimal and not drenching and gross.
Spicy scallop: This is how my spicy scallops rolls should be - raw chunks, sensually silky smooth texture, spicy mayo kicks without overpowering, and rice amount perfectly proportional. A+ Fuji
Fire roll (Avocado, Cucumber, Spicy Sauce topped with Tuna): Good, but not great and not something I'll order again. Its exactly like its description and I was hoping for something a little MORE than that. But man was that tuna fresh!
A.K.C. Royal (King Crab, Scallop, Masago, Scallion, Spicy Sauce with Avocado outside): oh yeah, roll of the night. This was our favorite one, which made it difficult at the end of the meal. We nearly had a chopstick duel over the last piece, but my bf let me eat it. That's why I love him.
Deliciousness. Gotta love Fuji Mountain.I really like this place...they have pretty good sushi, and some of their creations are just plain bad ass!
Like what?
I'm glad you asked, the Washington roll is freak'n SICK (sick=awesome, fyi), it is a shrimp tempura roll topped with avocado, sounds pretty standard right? But wait it gets better, then they put a lovely medley of cream cheese, spicy mayo, crab, and octopus on top, for a completley one of a kind experince, it was worth every penny.
We also had a fuji draon, which was a speical roll, a shrimp tempura with avacado and spicy tuna on top, it was very good as well.
The one thing that stood out to me that I wasn't to crazy about was the rice, it wasn't as sticky as other sushi rice that i've had at other places. Sushi in general is all about interpretation and this is simply the way it is done at Fuji Mountain is all.
Would I go back, yes, would I recommend this place yes, is it a bit pricey yes, but the experience you'll have here especiallly if you sit at the sushi bar is well worth it!One of the better sushi places in center city. The fish is really fresh and well prepared. The staff is nice and they are open late. Solid sushi spot with reasonable prices.Singing my praises!
I had a karaoke birthday party at FM and loved it. The food was great, the private karaoke rooms are wonderful. We had about 25-30 people. 
Typically, I have my birthday party at Yakatori Boy, but wanted to change things up a bit since we had outgrown their largest room and the prices were getting to be out of hand. 
Fuji Mountain was definitely a welcome change and we loved being in the room with the bar. 
In comparison to YB, I think FM has a slightly smaller selection of songs, but we did a 4 hour party there and everyone was still finding stuff to sing. 
TL;DR - Good food, moderately priced drinks and great karaoke rooms. An excellent time for everyone.The best sushi place I found in Philadelphia. I went here a couple times a month when I lived in Philly. My go-to sushi place when I visit! The service and food was always top-notch!I took a dance class nearby and never would have noticed this place. Thanks to a friend who recommended we meet there for dinner, I FINALLY got to enjoy some amazing Japanese food! I'm originally from Los Angeles, and after moving here a couple months ago I was in dire need of some authentic Japanese food. Not just sushi, which most people think of when they think Japanese. I ordered the katsudon and it was SO GOOD. Made me miss home :) Also ordered the Mexiroll (I think that's what it was called) which was pretty decent. Our server was nice and and the setting felt authentically Japanese. Will definitely come back, regrettably though not until my student loans get replenished. Hahha. (Fuji Mountain isn't ridiculously expensive, but it's definitely not budget med student cuisine).Of the two times I have been here, both were delicious events. The sushi is all I order, and it has always been delicious. Their shrimp tempura is done just right, and has become a favorite of mine. Sure it's not the absolute best sushi, but I will say it was better than Morimoto's! And that's one of the top restaurants in Philly. I was truly disappointed with Morimoto's sushi compared to Fuji's. The only reason it gets 3 stars is because they are a bit pricey.In town on business. Decided on Fuji Mountain after reading the reviews on yelp. I went on a Monday-it was dead. It's Monday, I get it. Service was attentive, atmosphere ok, food pretty good, but one big downer---fruit flies. Spent most of my meal shooing them away from my food and sake. Not appetizing or cool.On my latest visit, I found out that the head sushi chef has left.  Previous souschef became a new head chef.  He was okay.  Fish was fresh.  But it was not same.  
The restaurant is still above average though.One of the most amazing bento box lunch deals you can get anywhere in the country.  You get soup, salad, asian veggies, dumplings, sushi, and lots of whatever protein you order plus more rice.  I ordered the sushi bento box and it could have easily been split with another person, but of course I ate it all by myself ... weight loss goals here I come... My mom also ordered some gyozas which were fried perfectly to a crisp that I also hoarded onto my plate.  Everything was fresh, cleanly presented, and absolutely delicious. 
The quality of the sushi was great and I can't wait to go back to get more sushi rolls.  They also have a killer happy hour with $4 rolls - umm yes.  I will be back again.Where I'm from, you can find a decent sushi place every few blocks and I knew where all the great ones were.  Since I've moved to Philly, I've had a hard time finding a good one.  I was glad to run across Fuji Mountain on Yelp's pages because my boyfriend and I were both craving some tasty, raw fish.
I got the sake don and my boyfriend got katsu donburi with a la carte orders of hamachi and sake nigiri.
The salmon was excellent and my meal was much bigger than it looked at first glance.  I was stuffed in the end.
One thing I must complain about though:  the chopsticks they give you here are AWFUL.  Big, square with sharp corners and splintery.  It made my meal way less pleasant than it should have been.  I've never in my life had this problem, and I say that as someone who has used chopsticks to eat since they were 4.  If I come here again, I will not feel embarrassed to bring my own.
Note, this is a pricier, once-in-a-while type sushi joint for my budget.  I'm still on the hunt for a decent, cheap place in the city.Hidden gem! Quality sushi and always fresh. My all time favorite place when I'm craving sushi. The chefs are amazing and plate presentation is impressive! The wait staff are so friendly and knowledgeable of the menu - so don't be afraid to ask for a recommendation if you can't decide. Always a great time with delicious food at Fuji Mt.Love this place!  Everything is so fresh! I have tried a variety of sushi rolls and sashimi and I have never been disappointed.  I haven't tried the carryout but I have heard it is just as great.  The staff is very attentive and friendly.  This is my favorite sushi spot in Philly.  Straight forward, reasonably priced,  and delicious!I love this place!
RESTAURANT
Awesome sushi. Good for a date, especially the upstairs, which is a little more intimate. Surprisingly good beer selection for a Japanese restaurant. Also, the kitchen is open late, making this a great spot to grab some food during a night out in center city.
KARAOKE BAR
At the upstairs karaoke bar, you pay $1 per song. If you come on a weeknight, it's likely to be empty, so it's like having a free private room.
KARAOKE ROOMS
I took a group here for my birthday and had a fabulous time. The rooms are huge and equipped with comfy couches, a buzzer to summon your server, and a private bathroom. (Our bathroom actually had a bathtub. Just in case you, uh... wanna take a bath or something...? Why do I get the feeling this building used to be a brothel?)
You can pay by the hour, or, if you spend $300, you get 3 hours free. If you have a big group (say 10 or more), that's very easy to hit.
My busload of New Yorker friends was delayed, so we were late for my reservation, but the staff was very accommodating.
My only qualm with the karaoke is they didn't have a couple songs that I thought would be sure bets. For example, I couldn't find Mack the Knife, anything by Erasure, or any of the Billy Joel songs I wanted -- and yet they seemed to have the entire Avantasia album (a power metal opera from the early 2000's). Odd. But, like the bathtub in the bathroom, strangely charming. And they have an enormous book of songs, so my friends and I didn't have any trouble finding stuff to sing.
--
All in all, I can't wait to go back. Highly recommend Fuji Mountain for a meal or a group outing.The staff here is extremely friendly and extremely attentive.  The food is delightful and they have a wonderful list of sakes to sample.I went for Karaoke with Friends. Room was spacious but the Karaoke system is very confusing and hard to use. Food was below average...pretty decent japanese food, of course I would have to say that the price couldn't be more pricy. I can't bring myself to eat here everyday, only because I'd get really poor. however, their stuff isn't bad. they have several floors which i hope to experience the next times I'm there.Came here last thursday evening to start the night off for a good friend's birthday.  While i can't help but acknowledge that service is very much an integral part of a dining experience, i try to focus my yelps on the food.  But, just this one time, i gotta speak to the service.  Stephanie is a new manager at this jawn, and she's friggin awesome.  Incredibly friendly, and once she (and the sushi chefs) found out it was my friend's bday, they came upstairs and made sure to buy us a few rounds.
Speaking of, being at the upstairs bar totally transported me to my time as an expat in Shanghai--from the free-standing AC units to the cheesy karaoke on mute to the Americans cheerfully downing asian beers, i felt like i was back right back in the Bund.  
On the food, i only ordered my usual go-to rolls:  salmon skin and spicy scallop.  The spicy scallop is one of the best that i've ever had, simply.  Can't speak to any of the nigiri or sashimi, but my friend ordered the chirashi and loved it. 
Will definitely be back.I'm with the Cupcake Queen on this one: very unimpressed. Upon walking into Fuji Mountain, I was intrigued by the garden- like atmosphere and surprised at how packed the place was.  Our experience started off on the wrong foot when after 10 minutes my boyfriend had to physically get up and search for a server to give us menus and take our drink order.  Sadly, this was consistent with the service we received all night.  We ordered the Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura as an appetizer and agreed that it was a good choice.  We ordered 3 different sushi rolls, including one of their Specialty rolls and they were all just OK.  I've had worse sushi but I've had better... I suppose I'd rate theirs a 7.  There are way better places in the Rittenhouse area so I won't be coming back anytime soon.
Perhaps if I hear some more positive feedback and am convinced that they've addressed their service issue, I may give it another try.Stream of consciousness
---
Good fish, not outstanding
The otoro was good
Uni was not fully defrosted (like most others I guess) -  it didn't melt in my mouth
She got the sashimi deluxe; I, the sushi regular. Overall the presentation was good; I appreciated the dab of wasabi between fish and hand rolled rice
The sake was ok, and the decor was serviceable.   
Meal, Tax and tip = c note
There was also a Karaoke upstairs, perhaps worth a look if you're in the mood. But frankly, this restaurant is too far from Rittenhouse, so I'm not sure how much of a hit it would be (unless you drove here).I heard previous rumors of someone getting food poisoning so I have avoided this place, despite living very close. I was pleasantly surprised with my experience last night, albeit, we both ordered all cooked food.
The crispy shrimp dish was very good with the right amount of zing to the sauce. It was a healthy portion size. We also got the nabeyaki udon soup, which was quite good. Lots of fish cake and noodles; the broth was very flavorful. The side of tempura was quite good as well - a sweet potato, broccoli and 2 shrimp. We also got the fried banana tempura dessert, which was just okay- a little greasy.
Service was 5 stars. A new waitress was training and was very polite, and the other staff was attentive. We were running (very) late, and I called the restaurant to let them know; they honored our reservation without hesitation.Happy happy joy joy. I use to come here a lot but they stopped making my favorite thing. And then, the most amazing thing happened they brought it back. The dynamite mussels are truely dynamite. I have yet to learn what the topping on the mussels are but honestly that's the best part. I can eat this stuff all day it's a bit on the spicy side but I love spicy so it's perfect. Gotta thank the loyal customers as well because I heard they were the reason for the return of dynamite mussels.  Tried the sushi on a couple occasions as well and it was pretty good. Never had anything foul tasting, didn't look and smell fresh, or turned my tummy so I'm all the way with it. So if you can do mussels and spicy, try my favorite dish and hope you enjoy as much as I do.Who knew that this place has not one, not two, not three, but FOUR levels??? The servers here sure get a workout in. We returned here for some much needed girls night out and rented the 4th floor Karaoke room. You get the room for 3 hours (we booked 7-10 pm) when spending at least $300. We did a little better at $370 for the evening not including tip or tax. We had a large array of sushi, sashimi, and appetizers, as well as 4-5 rounds of drinks for the 7 of us. Loved the grilled Hamachi collar. That was a high point of the meal for us all. Our room had a private bathroom and the server was wayyy more than attentive, frequently checking in on us and bringing us anything we may need. We loved her. Also they let me bring in my own cake I had made for a friends birthday, and held in for me in the fridge so it could be presented as a surprise. Amazing service, good karaoke room quality for songs and equipment, and good food. You really cant ask for a better night. We all enjoyed ourselves immensely.Certainly not one of the more memorable sushi places I've tried.  The atmosphere and decor are nice, but it's the sushi itself wasn't fabulous.Stopped by here on a recommendation for lunch. They were closing at 2pm by let me stay and hang out with the staff. Good times. 
Did a couple of nigiri, a tempura bento, and some edamame. All great. 
Am still on business in Philly for two weeks and will bring friends back.Food and service was exceptional. Japanese food is my first choice. I have eaten in Japanese restaurants all over the world including Japan, and I rate Fuji Mountain on top 20. I have been there already three times in 10 days. Food and service is superb.Only speaking from my experience at the sushi bar, haven't been to the restaurant. I asked for two salmon rolls with cucumber, and what they charged me as was an alaskan roll without avocado. To me that seemed unfair, but the food was good. It was funny because I only had 13 dollars in my wallet and with the price bait and switch it came to 12.98 without tip. I put my 13 dollars in the checkbook and left quickly. However as I was walking out, I planned to come back the next day and give the sushi man his tip. When I walked the next day, he smiled at me, maybe he didn't now I didn't tip or maybe he didn't care. Either way, I handed him 3 bucks and left. Ill be back though. Good sushi.Mediocre sushi place. Fish is not very fresh. Rice is cold and hard. Unagi bowl is small. I just don't think it worth the price.They were very rude regarding tasting a little of the ros wine because we wanted to order a bottle.  We just leftUsually good and prompt service. The only time I haven't had good service was for Sips. 
If you're here for dinner, it will be a great meal you won't regret.The food is ok- especially the ones that aren't sushi. Udong and tempura were good.  But sushi mediocre. You don't really go to this place to eat, but you drink. This is a good place for a large group, with the karaoke upstairs.Disappointed =( This was one of my favorite sushi places for my boyfriend & I so we came here last night for dinner.
We had the TASTY roll from the special's menu and the INFERNO roll. It wasn't that the fish was bad but the rice was way too thick. Too much rice! If you fix that then we're good! The fish were tasty though; essentially the Tasty roll. I liked the torched fish on top but I'm sure the torching has to be bad for you.
The boyfriend had the CHICKEN KATSU which came out with 2 big pieces of chicken that were nicely fried. I normally don't like chicken katsu but this one was good.
The women's bathroom floor was sticky.. Besides that and too much rice on the rolls, I like this place.
We also had SALMON TARTAR but I can't judge this too much cause I don't really like tartar.My favorite place for sushi in the city.  Some say Raw is among the best - but Fuji Mountain is far more the real thing.  If you want an authentic Japanese feel when dining in, or one of the most authentic-seeming that can be packed into a bag for take-out, give it a try!  Delicious, clean and delicious.Got a deal from amazon local and waited eagerly until Friday night to try this place the 1st time. We were seated immediately since the place was not packed.
Got our appetizer for the spicy mussels; they tasted a bit spicy,creamy,rich and filled with caviars popping in your mouth. 
Then the we got the royal sushi plate for two, this plate came with a salad and miso soup for each. When the waitress was introducing the selected sushi the one that got my attention was the toro sushi. Delightful, creamy, melt in your mouth piece before you fully tasted it. 
Overall the quality of freshness I would gave it a high rating. We were a bit over our budget but it's difinitely worth trying.Last week I checked out this sushi joint with an Eversave voucher I had. Note: I had this voucher because my previous eversave purchases were not honored and I had to fight for weeks to get an eversave credit, not even a refund. 
Nonetheless I was excited to try some center city sushi other than my usual go to Aki. Who knew this Chestnut Street spot was so big inside but there was a good crowd for a Thursday night. After checking in with our opentable reservation, we were asked if we had a groupon. Kind of random but somewhat accurate since we were using Eversave. We sat down, got 1 menu for the 2 of us and proceeded to be brought over a glass of water from one waitress immediately followed by another glass from another. This kind of stuff doesn't bother me, I find it comical actually but it's worth pointing out for patrons looking for spot on service as the disorganization was apparent throughout the meal.
Food and drinks are 4 star worthy if not 4.5. I really enjoyed the sake mojito with my meal, perfect amount of booze and fresh garnishes for flavor. We started with the shrimp shumai which was plated beautifully and tasted pretty good too. Entrees consisted of a special that night, the Inferno roll, which was a combination of salmon and tuna, topped with masago, tempura flakes, scallions and spicy sauce. This roll was massive and worth the $15, great flavor. We also indulged in fuji royal for 2. This started with house salad and miso soup both which were above average. The real star was the fish on the 16 pieces of sushi. There wasn't anything exotic but what was there was delicious. In addition, the shrimp tempura roll and spicy tuna roll were fantastic. I'm not sure how this worked out, but there was an extra roll not listed as part of the menu that was also added to the platter, score!
I would return here for the sushi/rolls and especially is another deal promotion comes up. 
Just noticed the additional tips section, the music while I was there was a bizarre blend of 80's, not sure what that was all about.Great place! 
Only reason why Im giving one less star is because the booths were too small for the group of us. The waitress suggested us to take two separate booths, but the group wanted to remain together and hence two people were practically half sitting on their seats. I just wonder why they dont have bigger table for bigger groups. 
The sushi was fresh and tasty. We got the "boat", which was actually a tray. There is no complain for that, maybe a bit expensive but I guess the quality makes up for it. The waitress serving us was very nice too. The waitress was well informed, they definitely hired a person who knew what she was talking about and not just plainly serving the food.mmm! i love sitting upstairs - its private, intimate and dimly light. above the upstairs is a bar area that isn't so bad either. The sushi is good and so is the service. its a good spot to come with friends or on a date.Before I begin, this review is not for a regular menu.  I and my friend went there about a week ago.  We entrusted the head chef to prepare sushi for $50 per person.  It came with soup and salad.  We were able to taste about 15 kinds of sushi, all of them are really fresh and well prepared.,  I know it was pricey, but I don't regret it.  I will let the pictures to speak.  My final note was that the tuna (otoro) was the best of all my experience in Philly.The reason I'm only giving this a 4 is because of the overall ambiance.  I wasn't really feeling how close the tables were to each other.  It was kind of hard to get up from the table without hitting the party behind you.  Aside from that though, this place was GREAT!  The food, SUPERB!  GET THE WASHINGTON SUSHI ROLL!  I asked the waiter what his favorite roll was, he recommended the Washington, and I fell in love!  This place, unlike other sushi places in the city, also has the brown rice option for those of you who care :) Overall, fun for a group of friends :)I love the atmosphere in the upstairs dining room of Fuji Mountain. It's an intimate-feeling space with raised wooden booths and fantastic lighting: above every table is a single hanging bulb. Makes everyone's skin look radiant and makes me feel like I'm having a glamorous and romantic night out. 
Also, the food is great, they brought us free edamame, and our waiter wasn't a jerk about our annoying request to split the bill three ways.I really wish I could join in the 4 & 5 star ratings, but I left feeling disappointed with what I had paid for. The house salad was delicious. I wish I had ordered a large! I wanted to drink that ginger dressing. The age dashi tofu's batter was really sticky; they should have been fried for longer. The spicy, sticky sauce it was sitting in made the tofu really hard to tear apart, and it made the batter have a glue-like consistency. Finally, the tuna tartare was slathered in this miso sauce that completely masked the flavor of the tuna. The avocado it was paired with was underripe as well.Did the $75 per head omakase. You have a certain expectation when you are spending that kind of money. Boy was I in for a disappointment.
The fish here do NOT taste fresh. They all have the same mushy texture, which is what you get from low quality, poorly handled frozen fish. The tuna belly is tough and flavorless, and other fish are worse. Even the sushi rice just tastes like regular rice straight from the rice cooker with nothing added.
The first few appetizers were okay, although they had this one seared tuna and tomato dish that was simply weird with too much sauce. And after the sushi, they brought out a grilled sea bass/creamed mushroom/croquette dish that was very greasy and had no place in a sushi omakase course.
The when we expressed our disappointment, he said something about how they don't usually do omakase on a weekend night, despite the fact that we called to make a reservation in the morning. He did give a 30% discount, but it still came out to more than $50 per head for a meal we did NOT enjoy at all. I'm sure their regular rolls and stuff are fine, but expect the worst when you order any type of raw fish and never do the omakase.
The good: friendly waitresses, the miso soup
The bad: everything elseDelicious fresh food, reasonable prices. Went here with my boyfriend for his birthday and it was so delicious. Our waiter was a little slow and seemed nervous, but it's ok he was probably new. Definitely recommend the strawberry mochi!!We were visiting some friends in Philly and we all craved sushi and went here since our friends were regulars there. 
The restaurant has a cute feel to it and the staff was so polite. 
We ordered the Sakura, another salmon combination, and one additional roll; there were 5 of us and we were stuffed afterwards. 
The rolls were really good. There was one with tuna and avocado, I don't remember the name but it was my favorite of the rolls. 
The sashimi was very fresh and the pieces were nice and big, which is nice when compared to other sushi places. The Sakura had I think 8 or 10 different kinds, so lots of variety. 
I also ordered a drink, I forget the name, but it had raspberries and champagne or something to that nature in it. It was really good. We also split a large bottle of sake which was very smooth. 
The atmosphere is great for groups or dates. Overall, we enjoyed the restaurant.Delicious. Well made rolls. Fresh sushi. Good service. Attractive setting. We have shrimp tempura rolls, sweet potato rolls, and tuna sushi. All were excellent in quality.A solid choice for Japanese food. Been here several times over the years and each time I come out satisfied. The decor seems to be aging though, taking away from the experience a bit and there are some things that never change (i.e. the underwhelming salads). But because of its relaxed down-to-earth atmosphere this place is so effortlessly welcoming to the casual customer and I will no doubt visit here again soon. Also tried their omakase, well worth the experience, just phone ahead to plan it to your liking (yes...it's customizable).Came here to use up a coupon and ordered one of the most expensive rolls ---- Inferno Roll! The name gives it away, it's spicy! But sooo yummy, just can't stop picking it up and stuffing it into my mouth! It's a spicy tuna roll with crunch, then topped with salmon and masago with hot sauce!  It's a big piece of sushi with lots of flavor and texture! I highly recommend it.
then i finished my meal with the green tea ice cream and it was so perfect because by the end of it, my tongue was burning, and the ice cream calmed down my nerves.. whew! 
Cute little place, authentic home style japanese decor and all the waitresses were wearing yukatas.  A quiet and very intimate setting.  I wouldn't mind coming again.One of my favorite neighborhood restaurants.  Fuji Mountain's quality and ambiance inside is sort of unseeming to this part of the neighborhood.  On the exterior, there is sort of a low-end vibe, however, the interior exudes a fantastic ambiance, without the retro look of most Asian fusion/Asian venues of Philadelphia.  Has a very homely vibe to it with multiple floors (3 floors) characterized by a different ambiance.  The food is fantastic.  The menu is quite large, with large food portions.  Medium priced.  Servers, however, can be more friendly.If you don't eat sushi, do not go there. Their non sushi is probably similar or less tasty than mall Chinese food. Just don't do it and eat somewhere else instead.
However, my boyfriend eats sushi and said that it was really good sushi, so if you do eat sushi, apparently this is the place to go.The place is cute, the staffs are friendly, price is okay. But the food is just not that good. Gave it two try and both times are just okay, nothing to write home about. That's why I post it here. Ha Ha Ha.feel torn leaving this review as everyone here is hard working and pleasant, attentive, and very very nice. 
Well. It seems Japanese but it doesn't really go to the bone for me. My chicken felt like dennys. Maybe it was just my chicken. The seaweed salad was not fresh made. It was the sugared kind. 
It feels family owned and is clean.  Fine for a pinch. 
So- maybe it's ok for a business lunch that needs to be quick but if you're expecting authentic Japanese this isn't it. It is close but not 4 star.Was seated with my date on the 2nd floor. Cozy & intimate feel.
Very fresh sushi and extremely polite wait staff.
A bit pricey from what I could tell, but well worth it.My only real complaint was that it was EXPENSIVE. For two people, we went over $100!
Their o-toro was o-so-yummy though. Gawd...melt in your mouth yummy! I wish it wasn't so expensive ($5 per piece of nigiri) because I would've eaten a lot more than two pieces. 
The salmon was average; I prefer my pieces thicker. 
I have a hit and miss relationship with snapper, but this one was a definite hit.
Yellowtail was above average. I'm bummed we didn't get to try the baby yellowtail. Maybe next time (if I can afford it).
The king crab sushi had a lot of rice and not enough crab, but it was still good nonetheless.
I think my favorite part of the meal, aside from the o-toro, was the Washington roll. Fuji Mountain's website describes it as "Crab Stick, Cucumber & Avocado, topped with Octopus Cream Cheese."  I absolutely have no tolerance for avocado, but this roll was amazing. It had some major kick to it, but the rolls aren't gigantic so it wasn't like I was bombarding myself with mouthful after mouthful of spicyness.
I wish their rice was hot like Vic's, but their pieces are small enough to fit into your mouth without having to bite it in half so there's my tradeoff.This place has an exciting decor, not to mention a staff which cares, every employee we passed said hello and thanked us when we were leaving-something lost in most places in the city.  The food was good, fresh and we were not rushed in any way.  We only ate a few rolls and had some edamame  and dumplings for an app, they were served hot and had good flavor.  the pieces of the rolls were not too large so you did not have to figure out a plan of attack on how to eat them or make a mess.  Next time I'll try some sashimi.Best place for sushi in Philly hands down.  Good quality, not expensive, good selection of sake & beers.  Also, the specialty rolls are abundant, and seem to have a change here or there periodically.  And awesome karaoke rooms!  A hidden gem!My boyfriend and I have never been to a sushi restaurant in Philly so we used YELP as our guide.  All the positive reviews were right, this place was pretty awesome.  Nice and quiet around 9pm and great service.  The sushi was amazing, and the special rolls were extra big.  We couldn't finish all of our food but made sure we wrapped it up to go!  The dessert was just ok, but who goes to a sushi place for the sweets????
I highly recommend Fuji Mountain.I stuck to the 1st floor and had a great meal. Maybe I'll climb the stairs for  karaoke next time.Very good value for money. The fish are very fresh and servings are generous. We tried the avocado salad, house salads, miso soup, all very good. We also had the sushi platter, salmon nigiri and salmon sashimi. For a sushi fanatic, I was very happy with both the quality of the fish and the texture and the taste of the sushi rice. We have visited Fuji multiple times, consistent good quality fish, although one lunch the rice was over cooked.Fuji Mountain was extremely accommodating with my boyfriend who has shellfish allergies. Was able to substitute things to still have some of my favorite rolls like the Dragon Roll. Great service and food!Wow! I was blown away from the selection and the quality of sushi at Fuji Mountain. We got a 20 for 40 deal from Eversave and it was not nearly enough food. But the sushi was excellent! I'd be prepared to get more food after eating there, which is why I gave it a 4/5.Fast, intimate setting, affordable and outstanding quality. Try the hurricane and sushi deluxe. Saki mojito's are off the hook!Had dinner here with my parents on a week night. The three of us shared fried oysters as an appetizer and ordered our own entrees. I had the sakedon. The fried oysters were crispy and flavorful, not briny at all. The portions of salmon on my sakedon were generous but it was a little too warm for my liking. The server was attentive without being annoyingly overbearing. All in all I would return but it wouldn't be my first choice.On August 8, 09, I had a surprise party for my boyfriend's 28th birthday. Over 30 people attended and it was a huge success. We were in the room with the windows and the bar. The three bartenders/waiters (James, Steve & a woman whose name I don't recall) who served us were AWESOME and soooo accommodating.  They even allowed us to have seperate tabs so that when it came to splitting the bill it was not overwhelming for all 30 guests.  The karaoke selections were endless and the group we were with did not put the microphone down for a second.  Each guest was given a free sake bomb and the bartenders got on the microphones and sang us a song. The food was delicious as usual (I dine here frequently) and everyone left Fuji Mountain much less sober than when they arrived, with full stomachs, singing voices and big smiles. Thank you so much FUJI MTN I would recommend your venue to any private party!!This place was very good. The sushi was tiny though. It was so tasty I wanted more. I loved their tempora and the price was great. I'll definitely return here again!Reasonably price with generous portions and good quality sushi.Since my last review, I've come back a few times for hand rolls and today I got the tempura udon again for lunch. 
It seems like the quality has gone down slightly. The hand rolls are tasty but nothing special. I find the temperature they keep the fish at to be a little too low but that's just personal preference. My udon noodles were definitely overcooked and the toppings less plentiful than before.
I've had so many great experiences here, leading me to be optimistic that this is a fluke. I hope I have something good to say after my next visit.Great location. I brought someone here for their birthday and they loved the food and drinks. Not as fancy as some other spots, but good for the price. Restaurant is clean, and the waitresses are very friendly.This place is getting a little "old" in more ways than one.
When I first landed in Philly - about 3 year ago, I was looking to find a replacement for my old NYC sushi spot.
Fuji Mountain, at that time, was close to my office and offered a profusion of rools.  The Sunshine and Florida rolls are really, very tasty.
Now the prices are up and quality is just OK.  I did order a lovely Toro-lover's platter which was a special and it was a good value and had lots of toro.  2 pieces of Chu, 2 pieces of  "O" and a negi-toro roll.  I still dream about that one!
But lately when I go for lunch and sit (solo) at the bar, I am not treated really well.  Seems odd to me.
Anyhow, I have also taken to Shiroi Hana as of late. Even more recently, I have discovered Vics - right nearby.
I guess Fuji Mountain is just not for me anymore.  There are better places to go now.Always a great dining experience. Food is fresh and tastes excellent! They have large portions so I always have a take home container. Seafood Miso soup, House salad, Popcorn Shrimp, Teriyaki Salmon and oh the Red Bean Ice Cream is to die for!! Enjoy your visit!A friend of mine raved about Fuji Mountain for years but I never made time to check it out. Last night I decided to meet up with a friend for dinner and I have to admit I'm not sure what all the rave and hype is about. The dcor is nice, the staff is friendly but the maki rolls are overpriced and bland. Now I know why I stay away from Sushi establishments in Center City - overpriced, bland maki rolls! I'll stick to my favorite place in Media and Villanova from now on because if I'm going to spend a crazy amount of money on sushi at least I know it's fresh, flavorful, and worth the drive and cost.Good place, great sushi.  Go in the door and straight up the stairs for the better atmosphere.  Downstairs seems a bit fancier and quieter...I think.  If you are getting rolls, be sure to get at least one Florida roll.  It is a must have!We had different choices of sushis which were really good- Salmon maybe not the best choice; service is good and they let you sit after finishing dinnerJust came here with my boyfriend today and was very satisfied. I haven't heard about this place but it found it here on Yelp.
The first thing I noticed when we walked in was their nice Christmas tree, the sushi bar, and the waitress dressed in a traditional Japanese(?) outfit.
We started off with the fried calamari appetizer that came out looking like onion rings. I actually didn't like this too much and the dip they gave us was too watery. I don't know if it is suppose to be that way.
Boyfriend ordered the Katsudon with strips of fried chicken. The menu described it as "Tasty and filling!" Which was a cute plus to it and boy, was it true! The amount of rice they gave in that bowl had to be maybe 4 average bowls of rice! The chicken and everything else in it was good too. Oh, and it comes with the house salad and Miso soup.
I had the Spicy Scallop roll (6 pieces). It was pretty good and they cut the roll pretty big. I also had the Avocado salad which was really good! It was just their normal house salad with avocado on top but I was really craving avocado. The dressing they gave for it was also really really good!
We didn't finish most of our stuff so we took it to go but we also had dessert. Strawberry mochi! It was 3 balls of mochi, each cut in half.
I really liked this place and definitely plan on coming back some time! And I highly recommend the Katsudon!My friend and I used to love their sushi, especially the Creamy Salmon Roll. It used to be creamy and full of Salmon. But the recent pick-up orders are so disappointing. Size of salmon in the roll has shrunk to half of the original size. And the taste is no longer creamy. It's not worth $15 at all now! I'm disappointed at its decreasing quality.The good: Best sushi in Philadelphia, hands down. The variety and quality of the fish is unmatched. The appetizers, sides & non-sushi options are really tasty as well. Formidable sake list.
The meh: The atmosphere is allright. Upstairs is a little "cozier" but the benches aren't exactly comfortable. 
The bad: It's expensive. Often I'm wiling to overlook that, but it's a consideration. Also, the service isn't very good - they forget things occasionally, are slow to come around, and have no idea of what any of the choices on the formidable sake list are.
If you can minimize your concern with the bad, the good is better than good. It's fantastic.We just ordered in the other night and the portions were simply unacceptable. We have ordered the Fuji Royal ($45 for two) a few times before and this time it was hardly enough for even one person and we are not big eaters.  They were the smallest pieces of fish I have ever been served as sushi.  Each person's entire portion was like one piece of sushi from Yama in NYC. 
Fuji Mountain has been our favorite go-to sushi place for the last year.  The fish is still very fresh, delivery fast and attractive atmosphere in the restaurant.  We always found the portions a bit on the small side but unfortunately now they seem like a mere snack hardly worth the price.I was invited here last Saturday night for a karaoke bday party and was a bit skeptical I would have fun. And I ended up having a blast! We were in the red room and the service was exceptional. You basically ring a door bell and someone shows up take ur drink order and delivers them correctly and fast.  The wait staff was patient and very polite, A+ for service. So I decided to try the food and once again , I was pleasantly surprised at how yummy it was.
I didn't give this place 5 stars bc these are the 2 area they can improve in : 1. Please more current karaoke song selections and 2. Please personalize the bday celebration w maybe a comp desert w candle or birthday shot for bday boy.., something to mar the person feel Special.
Otherwise. I recommend this spot for big group gatherings and fun! Side note, make sure u reserve a room in advance!Food was okay, wasn't worth the prices in my opinion. A cute date night if you're willing to spend a few extra bucks for the location and the setting. It was definitely packed. I got the vegetable teriyaki and philly roll.Very good sushi and excellent service. They have a very good menu and plenty of seating. Would be great for a group gathering.Came here on a visit to philly. We actually visited to other sushi bars first but they didn't have a bar. Can't have sushi without saki and beer!  We liked the decor of the place and the server was very nice. We had the taki for 2, one if their specialty rolls and a couple other pieces of sushi. The presentation was beautiful but I've had better sushi. It just didn't have a lot of taste. The specialty roll had a lot of stuff piled on top of it which made it tricky to eat but it was delicious.Recently tried the group room at this facility.  We were the second out of three groups that night and when we entered the room, I found it to be very disappointing in their cleanliness.  The floor was so sticky that it was as if you were walking on dried honey (linoleum tile like style).  I was astonished because there was 1 party before us and yet it seemed as if the floor hadn't been mopped in literally years.  
They also say that you are assigned a waiter and can ring a bell to get service readily, which I felt that readily was not exactly true.  The staff, however, were overall pretty friendly.  Sushi was OK. Bathroom door in the room would not shut or lock.  Would definitely try another location in future.Good, but nothing to write home about; you can get a tastier $10 meal elsewhere.  
The lunch deals are cheap and decent portions, and the service is really quick. 
I did the veggie tofu bento box, and although you get a lot, you don't get enough of the actual teriyaki veggies and tofu. It's mostly all rice. And it's weird to give a California roll and meat gyoza in the box when I wanted it to be all vegetarian/vegan. The miso soup was surprisingly good--smoky and salty--and the salad was fresh and used mixed greens (yay!) instead of iceberg lettuce.SUSHI was very good. Great staff and huge kettle of Saki for $15.00 but you better be thirsty ! Very clean and has Karaoke rooms upstairs for rent. Up scaleAfter another visit with my girlfriend for dinner I decided to downgrade this place to 3 stars. The unagi-don is quite small yet expensive. Sushi? Cannot compare to Vic's.I'm sure that we weren't the only ones using a Groupon, seven-course tasting here this weekend, as I got a feeling of deja vu when the waitresses kept walking by with the same plates.  I haven't been thrilled with the sushi experiences here in Philadelphia, but this one was pretty good.  No fancy rolls, mayo infused sauces, or soy splattered plates, just the good stuff with a few nice Japanese dishes to accompany it.  Not to mention, the service was better than most at a sushi restaurant.
The seaweed salad, typical but good was an afterthought compared to the perfect seafood miso soup.  I've never had miso soup quite like that, but it was the show stealing dish of the night.  Perfect balance and a nice big bowl (could have easily finished off two of them).  The sushi appetizer was nice, and I must say that I've never had cuddlefish liver before.  I'm always up for trying a new one, and it was very pleasant.  
The kitchen appetizer was middle of the road.  The chicken, soy glazed, blah balls were not worth a second tasting.  The sushi sampler on the other hand, was excellent.  Great rice, nice ratio, and very fresh fish is all it takes to impress on this course.  The final kitchen entree was also surprisingly good.  Miso glazed white fish over some kind of Japanese inspired sweet potatoes.  Wasn't expecting to like it, but I did.  
The negatives (other than the aforementioned chicken balls):  terrible dessert, which I'm docking a full star for and extremely small portions.  This is another Groupon that makes me scratch my head...was it really worth the cost.Based on that we order the same every time. Avocado or/and asparagus maki rolls. Exceptionally friendly staff and if we seem a bit confused at times, they always serve us with a happy smile. We truly recommend this place!Arrived for an early supper so the place was nice and quiet.  Service was very friendly and on the ball.  My water glass was never empty and each course came out at the right time along with empty dish cleared very quickly.  It's restaurant week so for 35$ I chose the 5 course meal.  Had the seaweed salad, Kinoko soup, dynamite muscles, chefs choice of 5 sushi, 5 sashimi and a hand roll, to finish off I chose the green tea ice cream.  I would recommend all items, they tasted great and very flavorful.  The sushi and sashimi were very fresh with melt in your mouth pieces of fish and to finish off the rice was cooked very well.Raw fish and I just don't go well together, but it doesn't mean that I can't eat sushi!!! My friends and I decided to go to Fuji Mountain because another friend of ours suggested it. AND WE ARE GLAD TO HAVE GONE!!! The sushi was DIVINE and the Shrimp Shumai...OH MY GAWD!!!  The service was incredible and time efficient; plus, the workers actually greed you ( HELLO AND GOODBYE)!! The only down side is the price of the food and the smaller than I'd like quantities. But, it is sushi!!! Overall, awesome place to go for sushi night and I WOULD DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN!!!3.5 stars. fuji mountain is good and pretty fresh, but it is sort of pricey. the portions are really small.  i think for this price, id much rather eat at a more upscale sushi place (umai umai). 
in all fairness, the fish is pretty fresh and the rolls are nicely put together. they taste good, and the fish is better than vics. however, my problem with this place is that it sits at a weird price point. it is only marginally cheaper than better sushi in the city, but a lot more expensive than vics. if im celebrating, im going to go to better sushi places. if i want a quick dinner in, im going to eat at vics. so that means, itll be unlikely that ill be back.I moved to Philly not expecting to find sushi of the same caliber that I had back in California but I was wrong. I came here for dinner with 2 of my friends, all of us getting the chirashi bowl, in addition to a couple orders of the scallop sashimi. At $26 per bowl, the pricing leaned toward expensive, even for quality sushi. Usually when the prices are that high, the ambiance of the restaurant is a little classier. 
That being said, you do get what food you pay for as the quality of the fish is superb. Fresh and fatty enough to leave a coating on my tongue, just the way I like it. The scallop was remarkable as well, and extrapolating from that experience I'm sure all the nigiri is. We split a bottle of sake that the waitress recommended, which was a good decision as it wasn't too expensive and lasted through the entire meal. Waitstaff was attentive and polite and I have nothing but positive things to say about this establishment. 
I will be back for the karaoke.The focus is on the fish here. The nigiri are awesome. A bit on the expensive side but if you come for lunch it's a bit cheaper. The service is fast and attentive. I wouldn't mind going back.I liked the environment and service......but the rolls are way overpriced. Beware, when selecting ala carte, you'll receive two small individual pieces of sushi.  Further, even with the specialty rolls, they do a very poor job rolling the sushi. I'd recommend Fat Salmon for better sushi, better prices, and a cool environment.