I really like Garces Trading Company, especially the free olive oil and balsamic tastings they have when you first walk in. The guy behind the cheese counter is super knowledgable and it sounds like a ton of stuff is made in house. The food is always good, though a little expensive for the small portions, which is why I give it a 4. The service is always great and I enjoy the ambiance. The food is unique and inventive, so it's always fun to try something new there.Popped in out of the rain for a quick impromptu lunch and was wowed by how good my meal was.  For $14, you can get soup, a half-sandwich and a non-alcoholic drink.  Not a bargain, you say?  Well....
The soup special the day I visited was a tomato and roasted garlic sop thickened with bread and pureed, then ladled over a gougère, a kind of bready cheese puff. Wow, was that good soup!  I could have eaten two more bowls happily.
The sandwich was roast chicken with pimentón peppers and goat cheese on a crisp yet tender sourdough baguette.  Yowza!  Absolutely delicious and yet so simple.  
Service was very prompt and friendly - shout out to Megan!
  I left happy and satisfied.  Will be back next time I am in the area!The first time I came here was shortly after it first opened, and we all got sandwiches. They were around $10, and pretty tasty. However, they have since taken sandwiches off their dinner menu, and now nothing costs under $20 except appetizers and small pizzas, and few of those are less than $10. This price jump was an unpleasant surprise the last time I came here.
Nevertheless, we got a Chicago-style deep dish pizza ($31 with one topping = $7 per topping!) and an eggplant appetizer. Both tasted good enough (although the pizza was a bastardization of legit deep dish), but I now find this place a little too pricey for the cafe-type environment that they're going for, as well as for the food itself. Also, it's always crowded so the service is generally inattentive and ranges from pretty slow to super slow. 
Don't get me wrong, I love Jose and I would still marry him. But this particular establishment would be a major point of contention in our relationship (the other being Distrito).Great food and exceptional service. Outside seating, if available, is much more quiet than inside.The food was decent but this family of restaurants (I've patronized a few) seems to have a problem with efficient service. Maybe it's part of the business model to have only one waitress servicing half the tables, but whatever the issue is, it took us about half an hour to get drinks and 45 minutes to get food, and we were visited only sporadically by our waitress (who was very nice and seemed to have a lot of tables). Cheese plate was decent but accoutrement pairing was uninspired. Scallops were cooked nicely but paired with a bland creamy sauce that didn't do a lot to offset the scallop flavor.The food was delicious, the bread and olive oil were so good, and they give you unlimited refills. I got the Moroccan sandwich, which is lamb and a pepper relish and a few other things I can't remember. It was good. My boyfriend got a flatbread pizza with procuttio which was just okay in my opinion, but he liked it. It took several minutes for someone to come to our table or else I would have given the place 5 stars.Garces fan for life! I think this has been my favorite Garces restaurant so far (haven't been to Tinto yet, so I can't really include that one). Trading Co was beyond delicious!
The place looks fabulous. It is located on 11th and Locust, an absolute charming part of Philly, especially during this time of the year (spring). They have tables inside, ranging from small ones (seating 2 people) to larger tables that can seat a large party or several parties together. They also have seating outside that looked absolutely fabulous! We sat inside because it was a little too warm!
When you walk into Garces Trading Co, you can either sit down at a table or walk around and look at the cheeses and meats, the desserts and the wines. We decided to buy a bottle of wine to have during our  meal and we were immediately helped by this amazingly knowledgeable woman. Her recommendation was spot on, and best of all, the wine was not expensive and very tasty.
Our waiter was very attentive. Not once did our water glasses or wine glasses go empty. He took his time to recommend and explain things on the menu, and he even made a little bit of conversation. 
We had the chef's selection of three cheeses with condiments. Don't exactly remember what the cheeses were but one was soft, the other semisoft, and the last one hard. The condiments went perfectly well with each cheese (amazing how they know how to pair them). My favorite was the cherry fig marmalade, but the lavender honey and the fennel apricot mostardo were great as well. 
Next we had the chef's selection of charcuterie. This was great as well. Everything went great with the wine.
My boyfriend had the Colorado lamb chops served with heirloom potato salad and an amazing glaze. Wow, I will never stop loving lamb. I had the funghi pizza, which was incredibly rich and flavorful. Simply delicious. (Look at the pictures I posted)
Finally we ordered dessert and coffee, both excellent. We ordered a small coffee press that wasn't really that small. In fact, the bf had two cups of coffee, I (who normally don't drink coffee) had one cup, and there was still enough in the fancy little pot to fill another cup and a half. The raspberry marjolaine went great with the coffee and was light enough to finish off an already amazing meal.
I think that what I liked best about Garces Trading Co was that you could either come in for a full meal, or just have a bottle of wine and some appetizers and still have a great time.Came here for dinner with a few friends, it all started very nicley, the waitress was great. She is probably the only reason this place is getting 1 star and not 0. So dear Management please be good to your personnel.(I m not sure of  her name,  girl with curly hair and is an actress) Anyway, we came here not knowing what to order so just got a bunch of appetizers,  none of which were particularly good, the Potatoe Leek soup was too salty, The sea bass had no flavor, the chicken could of had a bit more flavor to it. The lamb chops caused one of the people from our party a stomach ache. Over all the ambiance is nice, but the food is just not very good and overpriced for poor quality dishes. I wouldn't come back here and def would not recommend others to visit.I am so excited to have Garces Trading Co. around the corner! I've popped over for a quick croissant and ice coffee for breakfast, stopped by for pastries to bring to a dinner party and run in for an emergency last-minute bottle of wine on the way to a byo.  Beautifully convenient. 
Also have had two delicious dinners at Garces Trading Co (Mom's birthday in Sept and NYE).  Both meals had a fun "I'm at a Garces restaurant" without the being too fancy or expensive.Holy crap brunch was fantastic. The menu was fix price with a cocktail and a few courses for $25.  The selection of each course we focused, but varied enough for our party of 6 to find their own favorites.  The coffee was good, the drinks were good - and as you would guess the food was great too.  
We were there for Easter brunch & it filled up by 11am.  The service was also spot on.  
This is a place you should go out of your way for a meal.This restaurant has a tender place in my heart. I took my wife here for our first date. She loved it. The meat and cheese boards are great but you have to be a meat and cheese board kind of person to enjoy this restaurant. The drinks are great and the dessert was the cherry on top.I ate here once with some friends around Christmas time. The best part of my meal was the fresh mozzerella I ordered as an appetizer. Absolutely the best. Their coq au vin is delicious, and if you didn't haven time to byob, you can grab one right in the back. Solid spot to chill with friends.I went to Garces Trading Co for a late afternoon snack with an empty stomach and high hopes. I had just read about them in this month's issue of Philadelphia Magazine, and the picture looked so good, I had to check them out.
I have to say, I loved the atmosphere. I only went to take out some sandwiches, but I had plenty of time to explore while I waited for my food. The place was very clean and had a rustic look about it. The deli was full of my favorite meats and cheeses, and the oil and vinegar bar was a nice touch.
Unfortunately it does not come down only to aesthetics, and if it did, I'd give GTC a 5/5. I've read other reviews about the staff being friendly, but when I went they seemed fairly arrogant. Granted, I wasn't eating in, but I did spend about $35.00 in sandwiches. The sandwiches were also fairly pricey. I ordered the Italian, the Moroccan, and the Cubano and for the price they were all pretty much just okay. I expected much more. No particular flavor seemed to stand out, but they did not seem to compliment each other either. My final qualm is that all you got for $10 or $11 was a sandwich, no chips, or a pickle, or anything.
All in all I was kind of disappointed considering I can find a much better sandwich elsewhere for a much better price.after reading what the yelpers had to say about this spot i was excited about having dinner here and i can report my meal was delicious! our wait was less than the expected time we were told. once seated,, fresh bread and oil were brought to the table. we split the salad with the grapefruit segments and i had the funghi pizza while my companion had a margharita pizza with spinach. i picked a nice italian blend to enjoy with our salad and pizzas. at $19, my dinner companion seemed to think his pizza was a bit pricey and felt the size of his pizza was equivalent to 2 slices. for me, the food was tasty and i even brought home some pizza. the service was adequate, the waiter was pleasant and the price was right.My experience for brunch fell short of the other recommendations for lunch and dinner. Way short. Went with some business friends. The portions were very, very small, two out of five items were "not available" and the service was inattentive. The prix fixe brunch was way overpriced for $25. It came with a very, very small sampling of desserts and some hard bread. Getting a coffee refill was challenging. 
The atmosphere is quite lovely. However, I would recommend trying some of the other great restaurants in the area.I went to this place after a Yelp Elite party parking was impossible so was in the mood for something darn good. Got a lot of recommendations for this place, especially one of the '18 Best Sandwiches in Philadelphia' from Philadelphia Magazine. So we got three sandwiches, the Cubano Classico, the Moroccan, and the Italian. 
First and foremost, we were getting our food to go so we never dealt with "wait staff" technically. The hostess at the door and everyone standing at the sandwich counter were ABSOLUTELY NOTHING BUT RUDE. My friends and I were appalled at how ridiculously aloof, pretentious, and generally not nice people they were. Looking at me like I'm dumb when I inform you that I'd like to order a sandwich doesn't make you any more gourmet. The sandwiches were mediocre at best. I know kids under 18 who could throw together something that had more taste for way cheaper. Paying $12 for a sandwich of this caliber doesn't make it gourmet; it makes it a rip-off. If we hadn't gotten this to go I seriously would have asked for my money back. NOTHING IS INCLUDED WITH THE SANDWICH. No chips, no fries, no sides. Just the sandwich. Some not-so-special meat (which they claim is house-made, however foodie friends have informed me that they purchase everything from other companies), with some not-so-special veggies, with some not-so-special condiments, on piss-poor bread. For $12? Get real. Never, ever going back and never EVER recommending this to anyone.
The ONLY reason that this place could possibly, even remotely have a chance at getting 2 stars in my book is because the restaurant is in fact very beautiful. Tastefully decorated, you can try olive oils and vinegars. The bathroom's nice too.I came here for lunch. The food was delicious and the wait staff were super polite and attentive!Cheese sampler is great. Ordered olive tray but it was never delivered. Clam and chorizo pizza was delicious. When entrees arrived, my side of brussel sprouts didn't come with. So I asked the server for them and I think she put in the order late. Worth the wait but we were finished our entrees and my side became the fourth course. Entree portions are tiny. $18 for two medium scallops undercooked and bland with no sear. Cod was good but I've seen bigger goldfish. Would give and extra star but taking off for horrible service. AND what's up with the use of words for dishes from so many different languages? Is that part of the whole trading company motif? Now that I think about it, it makes sense. If it weren't for the horrible service, I might consider going back.I feel like I only review places I like.  So this is the exception to that!  I'm venturing into negativity.  We tried to go here a couple of months ago, and the hostess was super snooty and mentioned an hour long wait for lunch, so we went somewhere else.  Went back last weekend.  No snooty hostess, sat right away.  Good stuff - the food is good.  And... that's about it.  Oh, the place looks cool.  Kind of like a deli, if the deli owner was say, Martha Stewart.  But Martha Stewart trying to be kind of down-to-earth deli.  Here's the comment from the waiter: "You guys came in at a good time since we're about to change over the olive oil (on the table) and this stuff is really good."  Number 1, it's olive oil.  Number 2, is the next kind of olive oil on the table going to suck?  I guess we were lucky.  The whole place just took itself too seriously.  Okay, so not a lot of substance to this review.  It's a vibe thing.  I felt like a douchebag being there.  And that's all I've got.  If you happen to be in Boston, The Butcher Shop on Tremont Street is a better and less pretentious version of this place (http://www.thebutchershopboston.com/).Holy Mole.  On our New Yorkers take Philadelphia weekend adventure, we stopped at the Garces Trading Company for brunch and, well, just wow.  The restaurant is surrounded by a market, so you can stop in to buy some cheese, meet, desserts, wine, etc, or you can sit down for a meal.  
Starting with the oil they poured for our bread, everything we tasted was divine.  For $25 you can get a three course brunch and, really, who DOESN'T need three courses as their first meal of the day.  I know I do.  
I had the country pate with mustard --  REALLY good (the mustard was especially good!), the duck salad which was sort of like a nicoise salad but with duck instead of tuna.  It was really fantastic.  The dessert was an option of a salty chocolate tart or a lemon cake. Between the three of us, we tasted both and the chocolate was better, but both were good.  I have to admit that I was ogling the pastry counter behind our seats and it took everything I had in me to not buy myself a fourth course after our meal was over.
This was a truly fantastic meal, I highly recommend it.I've been here several times and have always had a great experience. The drinks are delicious (especially on a hot summer day sitting outside) and the food is fantastic. I felt compelled to leave a review after my most recent visit because there was a slight mishap with my dish, but the staff was quick to treat me to my meal, replace it, and send out a dessert for the table. It was handled very quickly, appropriately, and apologetically. I thought that the excellent service warranted some good feedback. I will certainly be going back.Carbs Carbs Carbs! I Love Carbs! I dined alone at the bar, but I plan to only come back with a friend in the interest of not gobbling the bread and olive oil for a party of 4 that they presented me with. They also offer a $22 brunch special that seems like a ton of food for one person. My sandwich was topped with a fried egg and perfect toast. The place does get loud, but the environment was a warm and inviting respite from a rainy Sunday. The service was attentive, and sold me on purchasing the cool olive oil spouts that they use (only $2!).What I Ordered:
Country Pate
The Moroccan (Lamb sandwich)
This is a really cool concept, similar to DiBruno Bros. but with some more unique items and Jose Garces' name (and unique menu) on it.
Not quite sure why I ordered the Pate, I think it was because our waitress suggested we get some charcuterie and it sounded like a valid suggestion. Either way, it was delicious and I'm glad I got to try it.
The Lamb sandwich was delicious as well, very flavorful. The meal, in all, for what I ordered was delicious and surprisingly affordable.
My friend got the verde pizza which I have been trying to go back and get- I tried a piece of his and it was incredible.
- Definitely an awesome lunch spot
- Prices aren't too outrageous
- Food is delicious
- Although it is sort of small, it is definitely a unique place to eatYeah..I've really lost my Philly edge a bit living in the burbs and not eating at any Jose Garces spot since he's become THE Philly Chef/Owner.
An impromptu lunch today was just what I needed to finally put the check mark in.
First up, great break/olive oil & sea salt.  Yum.  Could have gotten dangerous.
I'm a sucker for a beet salad these days.  So, decide to get one of these along with a sandwich.  Yeah...that had to have been the BEST beet salad I've ever sunk the choppers into.  Presentation, taste, balance, ingredients.  SPOT ON.
For a sandwich, I went with the Cubano.  Since having my first Cuban sandwich in Key West in 2001, I've eaten probably a hundred more since.  This version is easily in the TOP 3 for me.  Every bit a delight...with the magical tasso ham as the star.  Not a crumb left.  Nice house made chips on the side.
The table had on order of fries, so I pilfered a couple with the dipping sauce.  Deadly.
Service was friendly, adequate but slow.  Fairly busy and lunch took almost 1:45 for a party of 6.  So, plan accordingly and enjoy.
For the food itself...5 stars for me today.We were a party of 6, we sat outside on a nice Saturday night which was great because it seemed very loud when I went inside to buy wine and taste the oil. Love the concept of being able to buy your wine right inside of the restaurant. Food was excellent. I had the Ricotta Gnudi which was not what I was expecting but very tasty . Others guest had spaghetti and meatballs, lamb and sea scallops. Everyone enjoyed their meals. And the cheese plate prior to the meal was the chefs choice and it was fantastic choices. I look forward to dining there again. All the staff were very helpful and attentive. And the blueberry balsamic is by far a must buy the flavors are intense and make a fantastic salad.I can't help but get excited to eat at famous restaurants.  I keep trying it and almost always am disappointed.  This was no different for Garces Trading which is one if Iron Chef Jose Garces' restaurant.  
The restaurant itself is nice and has a deli counter where you can get cheeses and meats.  It is very clean and pretty.  Unfortunately the rest was a bit of a disappointment.
First I had the Lyonnaise Duck salad ($12) which is described as having duck confit, poached egg, bacon lardons and a mustard vinaigrette.  I'm not sure I would call this a salad.  There was a generous portion of dick confit, which I thought was over salted, topped by a small pile of fricassee (fancy word for the lettuce that looks like a weed growing in the garden) and on the plate are squiggled of the mustard vinaigrette.  The whole dish was salty.  I dont care for fancy lettuce which often tastes like dirty grass to me and the vinaigrette was OK.  Didn't complement the duck.
I also had the Pan Roasted Scallops ($16) with ajo blanco, cape gooseberries, espelette.  I love scallops and we don't get fresh (not pre-frozen) scallops in Hawaii very often so I was excited.  The scallops were poorly seared,  only browned on one side, although the inside was properly medium rare.  They would never make it out of Gordon Ramsay's restaurant.  Ajo blanco is a white sauce made of bread, almonds, garlic and oil (so Expedia says).  I thought it was a little funky.  The gooseberries were on top of a sauce of espelette which is a type of pepper.  I didn't like the gooseberries at all.  I tried eating all 4 components in 1 bite, hoping they were meant to complement each other but it didn't improve the dish.  None of it really went well with the other components.
So food was bad and pricey.  Service was not satisfactory either.  I saw other tables received bread but I never did.  Also, my water glass remained empty after the first glass.  So overall a poor experience.  I won't be able to watch Iron Chef the same again.Met another couple for Sunday brunch here this morning. Overall very pleased and eager to try again for dinner. On to the good and not quite as good:
Lovely atmosphere. And since we arrived a good 15 minutes before our reservation or our friends, it was nice to peruse the meat and cheese counters. The staff here was friendly and helpful. I wish I could say the same for the hostess. Way to young of a girl to be so surly and sour. Must have partied too late last night and been annoyed at having to actually show up to work this morning with a smile on her face. Oh, well, at least we didn't have to deal with her beyond the seating. At least the waitress made up for it - very friendly and answered all of our relatively specific menu questions well.
We chose the $25 brunch option - 1 main, 1 side, dessert and coffee. Only downside to this is there were only 2 dessert options. 
Dishes:
French omlette - good but overcooked
Pain Perdu - wonderful flavors, very rich
Pastrami Hash - very good. Couldn't really taste the pastrami, and the menu said it was topped with a fried egg. In fact, it was topped with two barely cooked eggs with VERY runny centers. would have been no big deal but I LOATHE runny yolks. Luckily I could remove them and passed them over to my boyfriend's plate. Felt a little cheated, but rest of dish was tasty.
Potato rosti - excellent
Gin bacon - just ok. looked more like a thick slice of pork belly, not really cooked well. I prefer CRISPY bacon, thin or thick.
Squash, labneh, granola - wonderful
olive oil scone - good. preserves - so-so
macaroons - excellent
chocolate/peanut butter dessert - delicious and sinful
coffee - great and nice to have constant refills
bread for the table - mediocre. i love bread but didn't finish one slice.
Overall, I would recommend to friends and will probably be back!I ate at Garces after a long walk around Philly.  After looking at the menu I decided on the tasting menu.  It was $25 and thought it was a good deal.  Pretty much everything I got was absolutely delicious.  It was plenty of food for one person but if 2 people had to share the same food but had to pay $50 then I would think twice about getting it.  For more of a thorough review you can read it here at:
http://www.nadsbakery.com/2010/05/day-4-philadelphia-garces-trading-co.html
I would have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for their desserts.  I'm a HUGE dessert person but it really isn't that hard to please me.  The first thing I was disappointed in was that dessert wasn't included in the tasting menu.  Boo.  I had to get dessert so I ordered the Spring Verrine which was a buttermilk panna cotta.  It was soup.  Panna cotta is supposed to be firm and creamy.. this was a soupy mess and not good at all.  On top of that, a couple of days prior I got the macarons.  Also, not good.  Dry and not much flavor.  
If you eat here, go for food.  Get dessert somewhere else.  My suggestion: Rita's Water Ice.  MMmmmmMmm.We had the carbonara and the lamb ragu.  Food was decent - I would come back except the service was so exceptionally slow and inattentive.There were 7of us for dinner Saturday night. We all loved it.  Portions were much larger than expected and we were all stuffed! I loved being able to sample allow the oils and vinegars. Service was great, as well. The only negative is that we all found the stools to be very uncomfortable. Seats feel small and for someone like me, with back issues, it caused me some pain.Love this place!
Walked around Philly during a trip and stumbled upon this cute restaurant!
-Funghi pizza was tasty and perfect for two!
-Hickory smoked salmon salad was light and refreshing and all the elements just worked so well together.
I loved the modern yet simple design of the place as well!Went here for for a girls' night on Sunday evening and it was fantastic. We had six people which was perfect - we got to try a lot of different dishes while sitting at one of the really cute high tables. Service was good - they timed the dishes well and let us take our sweet time. We also brought a 1.5L bottle of wine to avoid the $10 corking fee on the second bottle. The quality of the food is excellent as I would have expected of a Garces restaurant, and the atmosphere is fun too. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because the food doesn't have quite the wow factor that I've gotten at some of Garces' other restaurants like Amada. 
Here's what we tried: 
1. Chef's cheese platter - perfect for sharing, and the paired condiments were really yummy, especially the truffle lavender honey and the dulce de leche
2. Grilled octopus - on the chewy side even for octopus, but the flavors were fun and tasty
3. Lyonnaise duck salad - one of my faves! the combination of flavors and textures was just perfect, plus I love runny eggs
4. Chorizo and clam pizza - not sure I loved the flavor combo but the flatbread was really nice and crispy
5. Funghi pizza - would highly recommend!
6. Pappardelle with lamb ragu - texture of the pasta was great; small portion though
7. Spaghetti Vongole - tasty, but not anything out of the ordinary
8. Duck special - tender and flavorful, reminded me of Paris
The desserts were surprisingly fun too: 
9. Rose - it was like grapefruit mousse layered in a macaron; the macaron didn't have the perfect texture but the grapefruit mousse was great
10. Spring Verrine - this was everyone's favorite (and I don't even normally like key lime); smooth and refreshing, perfect after a fairly rich meal
11. S'more - marshmallow was never really my favorite either, but you can't really go wrong with chocolate, and the sea salt made it more luxurious
Overall I was pleasantly surprised, maybe because I was expecting to pay high prices for small portions of over-hyped food. It turned out to be lots of fun though, and we ended up paying just over $30 each so it wasn't bad. I would definitely go back for dinner with a group!I love a Saturday brunch, and it can be hard to find in the city. GTC has a nice prix fixe brunch special for $25 - two courses + a dessert course for $25. I'm not really into dessert, so I ordered just the second course al la carte - boy was I surprised when my single shirred egg on a bed of tiny polenta racked up a $15 charge. My "special of the day" squash soup was lovely, too, for at $9 for 8 ounces, I have to say I felt a little cheated. I should have just going for the fixed menu. The food is good, the atmosphere nice, and I love picking up a bottle of wine in house, but watch those unpriced orders!3.5 rounded up ~
Drinks - 4 stars
I got the Regent Punch and my sister got their Signature Red Bloody Mary $9
Both were made really well. Mine was potent with cognac flavor, but nice and sweet so it was easy to drink. The bloody mary was really flavorful and delicious
Food was all around A-OK  
$10 Funghi Flatbread was pretty good, but it's hard to go wrong with adding some mushrooms and truffle oil to flatbread , nothing really exceptional
$5 bacon (3 STRIPS!) and $5 duck fat frites were underwhelming -- (needed dat cheese sauce ;) )
I got the duck confit salad , which was also a little underwhelming. I really liked the mustard that came with it, that added a lot to the flavor. The duck was tender, but not extremely flavorful.
TIP: Try out all those oils when you first go in! That's what boosted this 3.5 to a 4 star.I love Garces Trading Co.! I frequent it for HH menu (great small bites) but had the chance to eat dinner here finally. I'll speak to both...
This is a great HH spot with outdoor seating available (get there early, it fills up!). The mushroom en croute is only available on the HH menu so I suggest ordereding that if you're hungry. The meatballs, house made mozzarella and margherita flatbread are also delicious. 
For dinner I had the funghi pizza which is more of a flatbread. It was coated in truffle oil and my favorite royal trumpet mushrooms. My friend ordered the saffron trenette. The pasta was so fresh and tasted house made. I would love to try their other pasta items or come back for brunch.
The atmosphere inside is a little rustic and has a open market feel to it. Servers are friendly and enthusiastic. Always have a great time here and it's reasonably priced.Service was great.  Food prepared just right.
I was looking at some fries that was just amazing looking, but did not order any because I had several courses coming, server saw me and asked, brought out a smiggin for us to taste, comes with Bearnaise sauce. mmmm
My steak was cooked rare and I could cut it with a fork, the vegetables where just barley cooked, fresh and crispy.I thought the food here was amazing. My pizza - veggie with some mushrooms on it was divine. They know how to do cheese here. We brought wine, but I kind of wish we hand't. How powerful do you have to be to get a wine store inside your restaurant in Philly? That alone felt like it merited a trip inside. 
We got a bunch of different stuff to share with folks. Everything was truly excellent. But I definitely recommend getting a pizza. It was enough to share and then take some home.
If we had more time, I really wanted to check out the olive oil selection at the deli bar. It looked pretty amazing. I don't like olives and I don't eat too much cheese outside of restaurant-going, but those selections looked pretty plentiful as well. 
I think this is a great spot that is a mix of seriously-casual and a little bit fancier, sit-down dining. Next time, I'm definitely going to build in time to pick out a bottle of wine in their store and peruse the olive oil selection.Garces Trading Company ranks very highly on my list of brunch spots, and it's one of my favorite Garces restaurants. The $28 three course brunch is such a steal, and you really do get a lot of food.
I got one of the brunch sandwiches (a Garces-spin on the Philly cheesesteak), and the boyf got the three course brunch. We shared the appetizer and the dessert that came with his three course deal, so we both got to try a little bit of everything.
The first course was the house made mozzerella, which was so delicious and fresh. It's drizzled with olive oil and black pepper, and it's amazing by itself or with the house bread they serve. He got the steak frites as his second course. The truffled bernaise sauce paired really well with all elements of the dish- the steak, the eggs, and the potato rosti. I loved my Philly cheesesteak, but I kept picking at his dish because I couldn't help myself.
For dessert, we had the bouchons- dense chocolate cake with chocolate chips. It came with two little cakes. We were so full, but I'm a chocoholic so I was able to scarf it down. They were really rich and chocolatey, so if you're not a chocolate lover, I would recommend another dessert. They had macarons (a bunch of really unique flavors), so I was definitely eyeing those.
I love the decor and the vibe here. Wooden tables and accents, enormous windows with lots of natural light, a mix of high and low tables.. very open. I can't wait to come back for brunch or dinner!  Another Garces win in my book.Probably the best place for European food I've been to in Philadelphia. I recommend the lyonnaise salad, and the steak with béarnaise sauce, which is pretty authentic. I would prefer to go to that place for late lunch, instead of diner, since the place is very crowded and loud at night.So disappointed. Expected great things since we love sister restaurant Amada. Where to begin...stools at high top tables are so uncomfortable for relaxing dinner. My food, French Onion soup and onion pizza were not hot. Two table mates $25 steaks were tough. Olive app was tasty, mozzarella app was so-so and bread was dry and tasteless. Interesting olive oils and balsamic vinegars to taste but couldn't make up for overall poor experience. Sadly, we won't be back.Truly disappointed.  The ambience was great, but they "ran out of martini glasses" and they "ran out of meatballs..."  
The meatballs that we did get to share amongst all of six of us, were very good; if not for that, they would have received 1 star.  
I also had the lamb ragout - which was not a ragout.  It was pasta tossed in olive oil and some chunks of lamb; completely tasteless.All I can say is have the CHEF'S TASTING MENU! It is absolutely fabulous and plenty of food. We had the $40 tasting menu and left stuffed, having to wrap up the dessert. The tasting started with a selection of cheeses and meats, which had complementary condiments including a dollop of truffle honey...I think I could have eaten a whole jar of the truffle honey it was that good! Then baby artichokes came, which were delicious and unique in honey and paired with dates. We had the funghi pizza which was AWESOME! The next dish came in broth, and I couldn't tell you what it was, but it too was fabulous and only made our mouths salivate more. The poussin, akin to chicken, was the hearty meat during the tasting and was savory and contrasted the sweeter items presented earlier in the tasting. By the time dessert came, which was an assortment of macaroons and a ganache type chocolate cake we were KO'd. Not to mention, the pitcher of white sangria was def the way to go! Don't go to GTC without trying this amazing tasting menu, for the price it is def one of the best in the city!Went to Garces for dinner on a Sunday night and it was surprisingly very busy. The decor is sort of old meets new, and they have a nice cheese and meat counter, and wine area where you can order items to bring home with you. My significant other and I went to Barcelona a year ago and fell in love with the jamon iberico but had no idea where to find it in the states. Well you'll be happy to know that you can get it at Garces! 
We started off with the jamon and manchengo cheese, and the chef's assortment of olives. All were great and just as we remembered! Unfortunately the meat didn't come with bread that was rubbed with tomatoes and garlic, but you can't have it all... 
For our entrees we shared the endive salad and the funghi pizza. The salad was small but splitting both with another person was perfect for a nice light dinner. The pizza had a nice thin crust and was garnished with arugula and orange zest that gave it a nice bite. 
One note for the future: This is a BYO and we were unaware of that before we went. Since it was a Sunday night their wine store was closed so we had to eat our meal sans vino. :( Oh well, now we know for the next time we venture there!Wife and I stopped in here for an early dinner and went with the chef tasting menu. There were two tasting options with obviously one more expensive than the other. When we asked about the different, we were basically told that with the more expensive one, we would get something like steak or fish vs chicken and that the chef would usually throw in a few extras throughout the courses. So we opted for the more expensive one and there was certainly no shortage of food. Every course came with quite a bit of food, and so much so, that it barley fit on our rather small table. We were both stuffed by the end of this delicious meal. Service was very good throughout and by 6:30 or so, the place was getting pretty packed. The tables are pretty close to one another and it gets loud in there. With our five courses, it took about 2.5 hours to get thru dinner. The pace for us was fine. This is our third Garces restaurant to try and we place this one in the middle. Our favorite is still Distrito and Amada our least favorite, but that by no means mean we didn't enjoy Amada. We've enjoyed all the Jose Garces restaurants so far and look forward to trying another one of his!The Yelp posts about this restaurant are excellent, so I don't want to reiterate the often described yet again.  A few highlights:  Papardelle with lamb ragú - broad, home-made noodles, cooked to toothy perfection (as you would find in a Piedmontese trattoria); grilled Spanish octopus with fennel and espelette aioli - a delight!  Smoky bites of sweet octopus playing off the crunchy bitterness of the fennel and the richness of the aioli.  In addition, the bread (served with a fragrant olive oil) is really good and is served generously, and then there is the little wine store where you can buy interesting bottles at fair prices.  The friendly and attentive service will serve them to you with aplomb.  
There is a small but good beer selection. The atmosphere of the busy restaurant is convivial, with happy diners sharing plates.  One minus:  the strangely deconstructed desserts that do not approach the deliciousness of the original.  Case in point:  the Tarte Tatin, with way too much pale and bland puff pastry, lacks the caramelly richness of a traditional version.Exceptional service!! They must have a huge dishwasher! I got a new fork and knife with every course! Great food!! Went for restaurant week. This is my fourth Jose Graces Restaurant i have eaten in and it was very good.This is a place where you'll want to arrive a little early. When you arrive, 
-- Sample some of the oils and vinegars they have to offer. I recommend the truffle oil and the herbs de provence oil. 
-- Then, make your way to the wine shop to purchase a bottle or two for your group. Note: Garces will open your first bottle free, $10 for each additional bottle.
-- If you don't drink or are on the run, visit their dessert and to-go counter-- it's pretty fancy. 
Garces uses a small-dish/tapas idea, and it feels a little long in the tooth to me.  If you go during restaurant week, you'll most likely be disappointed.  For example, my girlfriend and I received bland or overly salted courses, stale macarons, and a raw (not rare) duck breast that must have come from the tiniest duck.  I suspect it's high volume in a place that wasn't expecting it. Either way, a bit disappointing for a meal that was expected to be much better.  I did like their cauliflower dish and the cold tomato soup dish.  
I think Restaurant Week misleads consumers or misleads restaurateurs at times. Instead of putting their best foot forward, it leads them to lower quality products that probably aren't representative of the restaurant. I'll try Garces Trading Co. one more time. If it fails me again, the update will not be so nice.Ordered the prix fix brunch and essentially went to culinary heaven. Best brunch deal in Philly. Ordered the mozz (you should too) and the spicy eggs and was dreaming about them for the rest of the day. Comes with a bread basket and pastries basket (helloooo beignets) and coffee AND a mimosa. I can't say enough good things about this place. The service, the food, the atmosphere, they killed it! Was here for a friends birthday brunch and they were so accommodating and kind even though we were a huge group. Even stood on a chair to get a group picture for us!I was disappointed. Frankly there are better places to eat in this style. Even DiBruni Brothers is a better choice. Don't get me wrong, I loved Amada and like Tinto and Chifa a lot, but this glorified market is a) very noisy so be prepared to shout your conversation to your friends (at least during the busy hours that I was there). The lemony cocktail is disgustingly sweet. My son's veggie soup was fine, but the warm potato soup (not going to spell the french right now as I'm rushing) was OK. The fume ham sandwich may have made my wife and I sick (not kidding unless you think the cheerios I had for breakfast were the culprits). The veggie sandwich is good. The veggie pizza is good. Everything is overpriced and much affectation is evident. Not sophisticated, but trying to be and failing is how I'd put it. Better off an honest market with good fresh food and good prices than this pseudo-haute market, IMHO.OK. After two previous visits I now know how to enjoy this cafe.
First visit the wine shop was open and we grabbed a great bottle for a wonderfully reasonable price. Second time wine shop was closed and bought a bottle or two along with an additional glass. Well, that got crazy expensive and the meal was lost on me after that.
Service was great on both visits. Grab a table outside if the weather is good but the seating inside is pleasant. 
Future visit we will grab a botttle from the wine shop and stick with an appetizer and some cheese.Went to Garces Trading Co for Valentines Day and had a great meal with their pre fixe menu. The only complaint is we paid extra to have truffles on the mushroom flat bread and only the one end piece tasted like it. Not a big deal until we saw they charged $35 to put truffles on 1/8th of the flat bread. Besides that the food was good and it came out in a nice flow not too long to wait in between courses. Would definitely go back but wouldn't recommend any truffle lovers to pay extra.Very disappointed with management at Garces Trading. We made a reservation in which the hostess practically before welcoming us told our party we'd have to leave at a certain time for the next party. After that sat us at a high top table, which we kindly informed her that someone in our party had back issues and wasn't able to get on a high top stool and instead of accommodating us in the near empty restaurant told us their was nothing they could do. Very disappointed to be treated like such. Needless to say we had to had to dine elsewhere. I expect much more from Garces than unapologetic and unaccommodating staff.3.5*
Went for Brunch on Sunday with a friend, was $25 for a main, side, dessert and coffee. The Lyonnaise salad was wonderful - and I don't usually like duck! But  I loved  it. Funghi pizza was pretty blah, but it wasn't bad, just boring. I could smell duck fat on the fries, but I couldn't really taste it. Didn't finish the granola. So I don't recommend either of those sides. Service was good, servers were attentive. I enjoyed the desert, the chocolate cake thing wasn't too sweet. Overall, a very filling brunch. So I'd give it 3.5 overall, mainly for the Lyonnaise salad.My first time at Garces was fantastic, I had the shirred egg with polenta which was heavenly.  Today I went with the more expensive brunch menu and was disappointed.  The appetizer, salmon tartare, was good.  It was perfectly seasoned and wasn't too salty.  Next I had the omelet de jour; it sounded nice when described but turned out to be a big lump of oil on top of some greasy, and soggy, hashbrowns. Instead of dipping my bread in olive oil I just used it to soak up my oily omelet. For dessert, I had the tiramisu which basically was a Hostess Ho-Ho. For a $28 breakfast I expected better.OK, I live in this hood, and was ELATED when GTC moved in.  They experimented and finally found a groove, and I was happy to call them a neighbor if for no other reason than to pop in for a coffee, pastry or cheese, bread and wine for an impromptu dinner party.  It really is a mini-DiBruno's in Wash West.  
I've also dined here no less than 10 times since they opened.  Then something started to go wrong...  Perhaps under pressure from lawsuits from competing restaurants, Jose started offering his own alcohol for purchase in addition to the selection of the PA wine store attached to the dining room decreasing the novelty of the built-in BYOB atmosphere.  Then I noticed the menu completely stagnated.  And the mainstays that were once outstanding were just BLAH.  
And now the final straw -- GTC is doing something that no one has tolerated in Philly's BYO scene in the ten years I have lived here -- they are charging a corking fee after your first Wine Store purchase.  Are they hard up for cash?  I find that hard to believe at these price points.  Is it legal pressure?  Whatever the reason, they just gave me a good reason to buy wine from the store and eat at another BYOB.  :(Food was good, service was good, menu was fun. Definitely a scene at dinner time. Best part is that you can buy cheeses and pastries from their counter after dinner (but it's expensive).Disclaimer: Any place with a large selection of cheeses is probably going to get a big fat thumbs up from me.  Because really, you can't go wrong with cheese.  
I went for lunch here today and was quite impressed with the food selection and the service.  The waiter was very attentive.  I split a chef's choice of cheeses with two others and it was a yummy spread of three different tastes. And I had a margherita pizza.  Delicious - and the Parmesan cheese grated on top was a nice little yummy addition.  I would definitely go here again!Terrible service and overpriced. Do not get the tasting menu. We had a table of 7 and it took nearly three hours. The server barely came to the table after numerous requests. Place is not even good.Had dinner here with the wife and a friend. It's a bit of an odd setup and it would have been nice if our waiter had explained it a bit (such as buying wine at the State store and then having it at dinner.) 
Watch yourself if you order wine off the menu board, in our case it was priced so it was cheaper by the glass than by the bottle. 
Overall the food was very good - don't miss the duck fat fries.We came here for restaurant week. This was my first time. The hostess was very nice. We were a little early n waited at the bar for 1 more friend to arrived. I like a bartender that knows their drinks. This female bartender(I forgot her name) definitely did!!! They decided to sit us early anyways(still waiting for our friend). Our waitress was pleasant. We ordered from the restaurant week menu. Although 2 of our apps was cold. The cauliflower w/pesto n roasted peppers. Didn't taste right cold tho. Everything on the menu was delish except my gf pasta dish. We both had the saffron trenette. But hers was very salty. Mine was just fine. Toward the end of our dinner, our server ask if we needed anything else. We said we're good. So she brought our check out. But we still haven't had our desserts??!! I brought that to her attention n she said it's on the way. Hmmmm??!!! I guess they do things differently here. But a few minutes later she realized what she did was wrong n apologized.Eager to try one of the country's best brunches (according to Travel and Leisure, anyways), I trekked out to Garces Trading Company with a friend. We were seated immediately during peak Sunday hours, which was a plus. The space possesses a warm, open feel to it, though has lost some of the more appealing market-y touches that made it so interesting in the first place. Regardless, our waiter immediately filled our waters and offered her assistance in navigating the menu.
We settled on two different menu options: I the $22 brunch tasting and him the $22 steak and eggs. The steak and eggs ultimately ended up the tastier option, as my friend hailed it as the best rendition of the dish he's ever had. My opinion reflects that endorsement. The dish brought a large cast-iron skillet with an ample portion of perfectly seared flat-iron steak, two crispy potato rosti and fried eggs, funky truffled bernaise, and some arugula roughage for good measure. The steak was a hair undercooked, but nonetheless the dish was a winner.
My meal did not fare equally well, though I did get a lot of options for $22. The pastry basket that comes with the brunch tasting was my favorite component, I particularly enjoyed the screamingly fresh, flaky croissant and the warm, sweet-savory beignet. GTC's charcuterie, my first course, disappointed with a piddly portion and an arrival sans bread. It tasted fine but I've had far better elsewhere. The second course, baked eggs, did better. I'd honestly have enjoyed it more if I hadn't had the shashouka at nearby Kanella recently, but the combination of porky guanciale, robust kale, and unctuous tomato sauce made for pleasant if somewhat dull munching. The accompanying black olive bread was scrumptious, however.
Our coffees tasted better than average. Best brunch in the country? Maybe best steak and eggs in the city. My meal (and a later lunch with disappointing duck fat fries and a subpar Philly-style roast pork sandwich) failed to match this place's ostensibly solid reputation. 3.5 stars.I had an excellent experience at Garces Trading Co.!  The cheese and olive plates are amazing.  The service was also very impressive as well.  The best part is the way Garces structures their meals. This is often something that goes overlooked at most restaurants. The waitress paces the meal so it lasts to your liking. You never feel rushed, you feel comfortable and right at home. There are few restaurants that are concerned about the experience.  Garces sure does!  My only complaint would be the sandwiches... which are good, but nothing to write home about.The addition of BYOB, and doing away with the mandatory whole-table order of some entrees has really improved the value of this place. I don't understand some of the dishes (a solitary ball of mozzarella in oil?), but there's enough good stuff here that it's worth a visit.Visited first time for lunch during restaurant week and was very disappointed. I had pasta soup that was not hot enough and totally tasteless. I asked for scallops med rare, and they were caramelized on one side only and untouched on the other side.  Does not look like chef has enough experience cooking scallops as I had them prepared rare and still caramelized on both sides in other restaurants.  Scallops were served with bagna cauda. Normally bagna cauda made with olive oil and I assumed that it was. After I ate dish and though it was somewhat unusual I asked for ingredients and to  my shock learn that restaurant uses butter instead of olive oil.  I think restaurant has obligation to disclose ingredients when serving  1/2 a cup of butter to unsuspecting client. 2 badly prepared scallops floating in butter were served with no vegetables, I don't consider slice of radish a vegetable. While lunch was $20, very little food was served. I understand that it is hard for restaurant to do it for $20, but I think restaurant should present sample of their food during restaurant week and not make money of diners.  Also bread was not served with lunch, while olive oil (quite good quality) bottle placed on every table.  As I was leaving hostess asked me how lunch was and I told her about my experience. Normally I would expect restaurant to make some kind of accommodation especially after she saw me buying quite few products at their  deli/bakery. I received no  accommodation.  I found their house prepared salami quite good, but very expensive. Unfortunately person slicing salami and cheeses does not wear gloves. Cheese i bought was not fresh.There's nothing to say that hasn't already been said.  I may be a little biased when it comes to anything Jose Garces though, but with good reason.
good food
good service
good atmosphere
eat here.It's really hard to find fault in this restaurant. 
To my luck (and surprise), there were a few spots open for outdoor dining, which I absolutely recommend for any sunny day!  The scene is great for people watching and relaxing outdoors.
The service was great--a waiter who consistently checked on us (but not too much as to seem pushy or overbearing).
The food was even better! For lunch, we shared an interesting cheese plate with spiced honey. We followed that up with flakey pizza (on flat bread) that was full of savory flavors. 
For lunch, the value was more than reasonable for the food we received!Pros:  prompt seating; great food; good ambience; great courteous service; wine shop on site; food delicacies on site; reminds me of Paris
Cons: none at this timeFood: 4.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 3.5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Recommendations:  The chef's selection cheese platter is wonderful.  The combination of cheeses and fruit toppings/honeys with the bread and California imported olive oil make a wonderful appetitizer combo.  Make sure to purchase a bottle of wine in the back sellar and drink it at your table.  The food offerings are a taste of what Jose Garces offers at his restaurants and are recommended to share amongst the table to get a full taste of the Trading Co.'s offerings.  A wonderful spot for lunch or a late afternoon/early dinner.
Overall: 4.0 starsCan not believe this place has such a high review. It was, in a word, unfortunate. Service was slow and the waiter was lack luster and so quiet I couldn't even hear him, but those details are insignificant when it comes to the most important part of a restaurant... Um, the food.
The food. Where do I even start.
Stale bread.
Cheap olive oil in a 'fancy', 'trendy', 'vintage-esque' oil decanter - probably cost less than a dollar.
I ordered the Vichyssoise first. It was way too salty and had some type of floral garnish (lavendar?) that completely overpowered the earthy, deep taste that a potato leek soup has the potential to have.
Next- the margarhita pepperoni pizza (aka glorified Ellio's). For a chef of Garces calibar I would expect warm, freshly baked bread. Yeah, no... Picture day-old bread from ShopRite. The cheese and the pepperoni were obviously tasty but I mean come on. Duh. If you don't like cheese and pepperoni you must be a rock.
Next- chocolate cake (note that it had a pretentious French name). The chocolate flavor was rich and dark, which I appreciatex, but the serving was so small. It was like a cake you would serve to a baby. It was a baby-sized cake. Also, it needed some type of fruit to cut the dense texture. Raspberries would've been so easy to include. I don't even care if they look thrown on the plate. Please, just throw them on.
Not much more to say other than I went with 2 friends and 1 of them was just as displeased with her meal as I was with mine, so do the math...
You've heard the saying '2/3 ain't bad' right? That might be true for little kids tee-ball, but not in this case. When 2 out of 3 people are really unhappy with their food... that is not a win.
Don't go here. If you are in the gayborhood, try Barbuzzo, Raw Sushi, Zio's Pizza, etc...I had high expectations for this place, so we tried it tonigh, good service, poor menu. I thought the food was just okYummmmm! Great spot for brunch in the downtown Philly area!
My friend made ressies for 6 on a Saturday at 12:30pm. When we arrived, there were still tons of tables available. I fell in love with the ambiance of the restaurant. I've been wedding planning aka pintresting non-stop and Garce's looks like something straight out of a rustic country wedding! The space was airy with tons of natural lighting. They had these beautiful cross back chairs (I wasn't kidding about the wedding brain...) and planter boxes full of delicious pastries. Hard to pick a winner out of all the pastries offered - from the moist olive oil bread to the wholesome mini beignet to the crispy croissant. Don't forget to try some of their olive oil!
For brunch, they offer a killer prix fixe deal with coffee/tea & your choice of two courses. I went with the pate + duck salad (meat on meat...duh). Some of the other girls took the pumpkin granola which looked divine and the daily special quiche which was the BEST, lightest, and fluffiest quiche I've ever tasted!
The pate was a huge portion, and the server gladly refilled our basket of bread to help along witih that. The duck salad was beautifully presented and was heartily filled with delicious duck meat. My only qualm about Garce's is that they only have one bathroom - would be great if they could up that amount!
Highly recco Garce's for a girls brunch or even a rehersal dinner. Would love if they came to NYC, too! ;)The Food is decent. But Comparable to other iron chef restaurants Garces still have a bit of a ways to go to improve. There was nothing special or distinctive about his food. It's a fun decent place for lunch. So I will come back. But not amazing like it's hyped up to be.
FYI do not get the desserts. I warned you.The service was excellent. I have been here a few times, the first time I loved the food and each time there after the food has become significantly less impressive which is a shock for a Garces restaurant. The wine list is wonderful though.Ok. I'm just gonna cut to the chase. This place rocks. It's awesome. I could sit here for hours and just chill, drink wine, enjoy some amazing apps and just sigh...ahhhh, life is good here.
I'm a huge Jose Garces fan. A place like this is so unique in Philadelphia. It's half wine-store, half grocery, and half restaurant. It's all wonderful.
The servers are great and very knowledgeable. The vibe is just cool and I love it. Highlights of my visits include: Any of the pizzas, with fresh ingredients and deliciousness. The eggplant appetizer is melt-in-your-mouth good. The desserts: you can't go wrong with any of them.
I could spend many days (and many calories) playing hooky from work enjoying the homemade  mozzerella cheese, crusty bread and olive oil dipping sauce. That, coupled with a glass of one of their delicious pino grigios, is truly one of life's delights.
Don't miss out on this place. I'm seriously considering moving in here.Really disappointing.. went for breakfast and had the French omelet which was pretty must tasteless, and one tiny square of cheese on top.  The gin bacon was almost completely fat and not very appetizing (and I LOVE bacon).  
I was excited to try this place since Jose Garces name is behind it - now I'm leary to try any more of his restaurants.I can't say enough about the people at GTC. We had our wedding here on New Year's Eve and it was top notch - everything we could have expected and more. The staff was excellent, thoughtful, responsive. Erin from Garces and Jessica who manages the restaurant were great. Tom, Christine, Carmen, who are the bartenders and servers, were amazing. It was such a special event and these folks were second to none.
Oh and the food and drink was superb! Many of our guests told us it was the best wedding ever and the best food ever! 
Thank you, GTC. We couldn't be more thankful for your help!Oh. My. God. This was one of the best sundays I've had in a very long time. 
Came here for my birthday party and was forced to make reservations though the event group. Thought it was going to be more expensive, less food, and more of a hassle. It was the complete opposite AND we all left there soooooo happy with the food and the portions. Think we're going to have to do it again soon!
LOVES: 
--Potato rosti (if you like latkes you're gonna love these)
--Poaches seasonal fruit with labneh and granola (such a great take on a boring dish) 
--Scotch eggs (so unique. It was like a burst of flavors but couldn't put my finger on what it was) 
--Bouchon: if you love chocolate GET THIS. It's a deep rich chocolate dessert with a consistency between fudge and a brownie. 
LIKES: 
--Pastrami Hash (I only liked it but my friends LOVED it. I just dont like pastrami in general BUT I liked that the chunks were good bites not little itty bitty diced chunks)
--Lamb and Shiitake terrine (like it a lot but it wasn't that filling)
-- Pain Perdu aka french toast. Loved the the consistency was like a bread pudding BUT the outside was crispy. Also, wasn't overly sweet. :)
NOTE that it IS BYOB BUT! Beware! There is a $10 corkage fee for every bottle after the first bottle!!!Really don't get it.  Lunch is ok but dinner menu is boring.  People must be caught up in the celebrity chef thing, there are many much better restaurants in Philly!Went after work with a friend to check out the happy hour....was very pleased with everything! The hostess and bartender were very friendly, and the atmosphere was awesome. It was my first time there, and I loved looking at all of the specialty olive oils and other things for sale on the shelves by the bar. You can even try all of the olive oils! I love that they have hooks under the bar for you to hang your bag or coat; I didn't have to worry about my work bag getting in everyone's way or sitting on the floor out of reach.
I had the pinot grigio on the happy hour menu. It went down very smoothly, though I was expecting perhaps a bit more flavor; I didn't think it was either dry or sweet....I'm actually having a difficult time describing it (though I've just recently started drinking wine, so perhaps that has something to do with it). I still enjoyed every sip, though! My friend had a glass of the malbec, and then tried the montepulciano which he loved. 
We shared the fresh housemade mozzarella and the margherita flatbread, both of which were amazing! The bartender suggested that we try some of the garlic olive oil (from the cool display shelf; they provide small cups at each station) to go with our dishes, and it was a great recommendation!
Will definitely be back! I'm interested to check out the full menu.Sadly, Jose Garces is running on autopilot. This place has become a total ripoff with mediocre at best, food. The meats & cheeses are still fine, but it's way overpriced. Don't believe the hype. There are many places in town that do great charcuterie & cheese without the pretension that is so glaring here. House label olive oil...come on. I will say though, that the macaroons are the real deal.This place has a great prefix brunch includes, tea, coffee, mimosas, choice of pastry and two course meals! Staffs are very friendly. Highly recommended!!Very cool place! yes, it's expensive, but they offer international foods, so it's going to be pricey. My family and I love European food and they had a nice variety of meats and cheeses.Food, ambiance and staff are all fine - but I spent over $50 here for some cheese, a pizza, dessert and one glass of wine - there are simply better value options center city has to offer.We thoroughly enjoyed our brunch this past weekend, after hearing a lot about this place. We have had many other experiences with subpar service at OTHER restaurants, so I want to emphasize that we received impeccable (and not overbearing) service. The olive oils/flavored balsamics were a treat; I had to restrain myself or I would have ruined my appetite before my meal arrived. I especially appreciated that the server made it clear it was perfectly fine to go up near the bar and sample the oil/balsamics, as at first I thought it may be a separate tasting kind of thing. My duck salad was very good, and my husband's fried egg sandwich was impeccable. I will say that the duck fat fries were nothing too special, and not really worth the price. Overall, a WONDERFUL experience. We will be back.My wife and I went here after discovering that 12PM on a Saturday is too late to make a Saturday night dinner reservation. Since we really enjoyed Amada, we decided this would be the perfect opportunity to try Jose Garces' latest restaurant.
We loved the concept of having a PLCB store right in the restaurant. With twenty minutes to spare before our table was available, we actually had something to do while waiting - we chose a good bottle of Rioja and sampled a couple truffle olive oils in the store.
The food: We had the artichoke antipasti and the steak frites. Artichokes were tender - very delicious and lemony, without being overpowering. The steak frites was the perfect size for two people and the grilled asparagus and maitake mushrooms on the side were delicious.
Dessert was Marjolaine for me and coconut tarte for her. We both greatly enjoyed our desserts.
The atmosphere was casual - a pleasant place to eat dinner. Value was pretty good - food was delicious considering the price we paid for dinner for two.If I could give it 3.5 stars I would.  The ambience is upscale casual, with long tables and an open flow.  It was the end of restaurant week, so they were only serving their $35 price fixe menu.  The roasted cauliflower with black garlic aioli was outstanding, as was the roasted peppers.  As for the second course, the black lentil fritters blew everyone in our party away, with a nice smattering of pickled cauliflower as a flavor foil.  The mussels were good; the meatballs were overseasoned, unfortunately.  As for the mains in the third course -- chicken -- nice flavors, a little too flattened and dry tasting; fusilli carbornara -- great idea; homemade pasta was undercooked and underseasoned; Dessert -- lemon tart with blueberry -- very good as was chocolate mousse.  I think for $35 it was decent, but I also think it could do better, especially with a limited menu to execute on.Das war echt toll! Zum Mittagessen habe ich meine ausgetretenen Pfade in Philly verlassen und bin Yelp gefolgt. Zu Recht! Das GTC ist eine echte Entdeckung.
Der Innenraum ist ansprechend gestaltet: In dem grundsätzlich eher klassisch-industrial gestalteten Raum mit viel grobem Holz und etwas Stahl sind die einzelnen Tische elegant gedeckt. Es gibt hohe Tische, eine lange Bar, Sitzecken und normale Tische - alles angenehm und nicht zu eng gestellt.
Meine Essenwahl ist nach den anderen Bewertungen schnell gemacht: Als Vorspeise den warmen Mozzarella und als Hauptgang den GTC Burger.
Der warme Mozzarella ist etwas überraschend: Von der Konsistenz zwischen altem Kaugummi und Mozzarella, haben die Zähne was zu tun. Geschmacklich kann er auch nicht viel reißen. Zum niederknien ist aber das Olivenöl dazu, dass mit etwas Salz ein echtes Fest ist! Dazu etwas von dem rustikalen Baguette - herrlich.
Der Burger danach kann das ganze aber noch locker toppen. Abgesehen von dem nichtssagenden Burger hat man sich viel Mühe gemacht: Der Salat auf dem Burger ist mit einer Vinaigrette angemacht, als Käse gibt es würzigen Blauschimmel und das Patty an sich ist eine mächtige Ansage, die - wie bestellt - herrlich medium rare gegrillt ist. Dieser Burger ist einer der besten Burger, die ich je gegessen habe!
Nächstes mal komme ich gerne wieder, widme mich dann anderen Bereichen der Karte und vor allem auch der Getränkekarte!perhaps dinner is better at this spot but brunch was so so. it was my first time dining here. one friend ordered the scotch eggs and they were pretty gross. that plate is definitely for a particular palate (which the waiters do not relate to you). my friend ordered a salad and three pieces of lettuce with three pieces of salmon placed on top arrived. while they were open to changing her order (and did), it was disappointing to see them serve such a pricey salad. i ordered the uvoo pizza. it was good but nothing to fawn over. the kicker was that we were asked to leave since they needed to seat the next party. it was a rainy saturday afternoon so the resturant was pretty empty. yet, they still asked us to clear the table after being there for only 1.5 hours. needless to say with the mediocre brunch selection, mediocre food and hit or miss service, i will not be returning to this overhyped resturant anytime soon! there are MUCH BETTER brunch spots in Philadelphia, like Sabrina's, Day by Day (real pancakes, nice portions) and Jones. dine at your own risk!I heard Jose is a great chef, so I tried his restaurant for the first time on Saturday.  The food was amazing and the drinks were on special for $5. We enjoyed different meatballs and a yummy cauliflower dish. The service was also amazing. I could see why he is such a successful restaurant owner!If I could give less stars I would and that is saying a lot as I don't usually give such bad reviews.  We had a $20 gift card with part of our Philly overnight package.  We made a reservation through open table and got there early.  We sat at the bar and got drinks while we waited.  The bartender was not friendly and was our first indication this may not go well.  After an extra 15 mins past our reservation at the bar we knew exactly what we wanted to order.  We go to the hostess who had said to my husband "2 mins". 10 mins later my husband went into the dining room to ask about our table and she proceeds to walk three of us to a two top!  She then sat us at a 4 top.  5 more mins and someone finally comes.  We order another round of drinks and our entrees.  He comes back 5 mins later no drinks and says "So sorry we are out of steaks tonight."  Our daughter ordered something else.  She and I went outside to get some fresh air and away from the noise.  The level of noise is unreal.  We talked outside for ten minutes; come back in to no drinks!  We finally decided to get up and walk out.  I have only ever done that once before in my life!  For an Iron Chef this man should be more aware of what goes on in a restaurant bearing his name.  Should have went with the OG Iron Chef Morimoto!  Stay away from this place where the waitstaff is miserable and overwhelmed and the purchasing manager doesn't know how to order!Market-like atmosphere, casual, yet classy.
Extensive list of Spanish, Italian and French cheeses and meats - each selection is $8-11 for a small portion. (not cool). 
-----We tried the Jamon Iberico - which my brother said was better at Bar Ferdinand in Northern Libs.
------The cheeses and charcuterie were served with sourdough bread instead of crackers.  You could order from a list of very interesting choices of "condiments" to go with your appetizers.  We tried a marmelade and this amazing GARLIC DULCE de LECHE......garlic caramel (also sold in the store). 
------The bread is also served with a wonderful "house-made" olive oil.  I ended up buying a bottle to take home on my way out.
We dined on a Monday - which was "Coq au Vin" night ($28)
It was our first time to try this dish and we were NOT disappointed. (the entree serves 2, or three in our case - we even doggy bagged some of it)
It was a savory, mouthwatering casserole dish with fall off the bone chicken, carrots, potatoes and trumpet mushrooms in a wine and garlic sauce.  
----- The desserts were what left us wanting.  The bizarre listing of pastries were just not appealing.  On a whim I ordered a gingerbread for the table. 
It came out as a block of cream cheese with 2 layers, each 1 cm thick of gingerbread cake.  So, it was basically like eating sweet cream cheese.
----The list of coffee selections were nice however.  
I recommend trying this place out...the other weekday specials sounded great too!Garces trading company is a great spot. We ordered the homemade mozzarella- to die for! I ordered the papperadelle with lamb ragu for the main dish. It was good but I would try something different next time. The portions were a decent size. Not overwhelmingly large.  Someone at my table ordered The short ribs. These were delicious. I would definitely recommend them.
The only reason that I would not give 5 stars is the $15 corkage fee if you bring your own bottle of wine (and the waitress did not even remove the cork for us). But it's still worth it to BYO because each glass of wine costs $10-15. Go on a Tuesday for no cork fee. It was also a bit loud despite not being full. 
Overall, if you are looking for good eats in Washington square, Garces Trading co is highly recommended.Holy shit! This place won me over handily. 
There was an hour wait, but the hostess took my phone number and said she'd call when a table was available. That was nice because it gave me time to grab a beer somewhere else while waiting, instead of sitting there at the place, twiddling my thumbs. 
Grabbed a bottle of wine to compliment dinner. Started with some bread and olive oil. The olive oil was a special oil from a really small olive. I liked the flavor of it. Different. WE ordered three cheeses. The sauces that complimented the cheeses were amazing. Could not have picked better sauces for the cheeses. 
I ordered linguine and clams. Fiance ordered flatbread pizza. She said her pizza was delicious. Nothing was over powering, she said that the flavors were everywhere. Even the crust was crunchy and chewy and good. The clams were amazing. Cooked in garlic, lots of garlic. The linguine was buttery and hints of spiciness helped make the dish fantastic. 
Dessert for us was fresh coffee. The waitress was very helpful. She allowed us as much time as we wanted drinking the coffee. She also said that the coffee was available inside, if we were interested. 
Overall, a very pleasurable experience. Will be back there, no doubt. I don't mind waiting an hour to eat food that good.This place is a total gem.  Everything was great: the decor, the ingredient quality, the service, the aesthetics of the menu, the selection, etc.  I came for brunch, and the basket of pastries were scrumptious, coupled with some of the best butter I've ever had.  They blend the butter with crème fraîche, giving a tart richness.  To start I had a delicious pumpkin and berry granola Greek yogurt parfait.  My main course was a duck salad that is hard to imagine getting any better.  Philadelphia, this is why I love you.The decor in this place was top notch! Every detail reminded me the early days of the age of exploration and the like of companies such as the east India trading company. Loved the attention to detail that brought this about.
The food was very good.
The roasted cauliflower had tremendous flavor, but I was very surprised it was served cold (but got used to this and didn't take away from the flavor).
The potted duck was an experience. Basically a large shot glass filed with the ingredients listed on the menu, and wasn't the prettiest plate to look at but very unique flavor.
The Spaniard sandwich was also very tasty and filling with a nice helping of avocado. Can't go wrong with this.
The first bite of the French toast was incredibly rich and decadent. It could only be rightfully described as divine by which taking a bite I felt I was leaving my body and transcending into a state of nirvana. Since the dish is rather sweet I could only have so many bites, but If here with a group definitely a good dish to split amongst the table.
Would certainly come back and recommend to friends.I heard good things about this place from friends. I was surprised that it wasn't super full. Parking is really difficult to find because of city sips and free parking on Wed. 
I really liked the fresh mozzarella. The Funghi Pizza was also really good! Wasn't a fan of the pasta. 
Would I come here again? Maybe. I guess it depends on the situation especially since parking is hard to find.A fun place for brunch in Philly. Lots of eclectic foods plus your standard fare which is cooked perfectly. Hi tables that are fun with friendsvery cute inside. love the feel of the place. i had a veganized veggie sandwich that was one of the lunch specials. it was delicious. the bread they served was pretty yum too. if i move to philly i would def come back.I had brunch there with 4 very hungry guys today! After having one of the best bloody Mary's I have ever had served up by this friendly bartender named Josh, we decided to stay at the bar because he was so great! Not only was the steak and eggs the BEST I have ever had but we had this pizza that BLEW OUR MINDS! Bacon, melted onions and Gouda cheese!!!! I might have to go back just to buy some more of the truffle olive oil they make! I can't wait to get back in there and try this legendary burger I heard about! TWO THUMBS UP! Not only was the food outstanding but the service was just as amazing!Garces strikes again!  The food is precious, overpriced and stingy, all hallmarks of Garces' empire.  No other chef/owner has surpassed his ability to minimize portions while maximizing margins.  Most of his preparations are ordinary and unimaginative apart from the three-word descriptions for everything including coffee beans.  He does nothing to enhance the culinary reputation of the city.Food is great but pricey.  My bf and I ordered the proscuitto pizza, mixed cheese plate and mixed charcuterie plate.  Food was delicious but lunch came out to $55....not what I was expecting at all!  Will definitely return for the charcuterie and pizza, will skip cheese next time.
Oh, and the location is great!Possibly the best new establishment in Philly this year. What makes this place amazing is you can try anything from the retail side before you buy it...the cafe is as high-quality as any of the other Garces joints...and you truly can enjoy yourself for any price. i've spent $10, i've spent $35...each time walking out wondering when i would be back next, and the answer has been at least 1 visit a week since opening and no end in site.
Cheers GTC!Artichoke bites are too lemony and the actual artichoke was not so great, to be kind. There is now a $10 corkage fee now for every bottle of wine they open at your table after your first. I was only enthusiastic about one blue cheese on the chef's selection, but the condiments that were paired with the cheeses were spot on.
Pork chop was impeccable. I took my rating down a star since the corkage fee stinks.Beware of the restaurant week trap! 
After all the wonderful experiences I have had there before, here came to the epic fall...
What disappointed me:
1. Extremely small portion, comparing to their regular menu
2. Over salty
3. The duck breast I got was not even cooked through (still cold in the middle)
Garces Trading Company, if you cannot keep up with your consistent quality, don't participate in the restaurant week...I guess I should thank the Garces Trading Company for helping me to learn something about myself. After eating here on saturday, I've realized that one of my pet peeves is when the waiter/waitress doesn't tell me specials or pertinent information. But, I'll get back to that....
I've eaten at Garces' other restaurant Amada and, while the place is beautiful, the food and experience left a little to be desired. Apparently that is a running theme for Garces. The Trading Company is very nice to look at, but after the visuals, you start to feel like things should be better for an Iron Chef run restaurant. We arrived about 5 minutes early for our reservation and were told that our table wasn't ready. (it was NOT busy at the time.) We waited about 15 minutes before our table became available. When we sat, our waitress took our drink orders and after bringing them back, took our food order. Heres where my aforementioned pet peeve comes into play. As we were sitting, a table sat next to us, and THEIR waitress promptly rattled off the nights specials, as well as what I THOUGHT I HEARD was important information about what I had ordered (steak frites). I HEARD the words "unlimited steak," but I was like, "this isn't Applebees...that can't be right." SO, I dismissed it, slightly miffed that our waitress hadn't even bothered with the specials. The meals start to come out, and everything was very good. Fresh mozzarella was good, my salad was DELICIOUS, and the artichokes and pasta fagiolli were getting good marks. But, then the entrees came, and things went a little south. My steak frites came, and my first remark was, "man....that steak is SMALL!" (its like 4 ounces maybe), and it was under my "medium" and came "medium rare." (no biggie). The fries were way over salty. The misses's Rigatoni and meatballs was like a kids sized portion, and had LITERALLY 2 small meatballs. There were maybe 10 rigatoni. It really was a small portion. And apparently, that is a thing with the pasta dishes because the other pasta dish, the pappardelle with lamb, was also woefully small. The 4th dish, the pesto pizza, actually looked yummy, but I heard nothing about it, so it must not have wowed. ANYway, after finishing up my sliver of steak, a manager walks by and asks if I would like another steak. SO IT IS TRUE! Thats right, everyone who doesn't know; when you order the steak frites at Garces Trading Company, it is all you can eat. Why the hell didn't our waitress tell us that?! So, the manager runs off to get me another steak for my unlimited steak frites that I had no idea about......and he must've gotten sidetracked, because it was literally 20 minutes before a piece of WELL (emphasis on WELL) done shoe leather was brought out to me. Whats it take to cook a 4 oz steak to medium? 4 minutes? Tops? Ugh. By that point, everyone was WELL finished with their meals, so we just decided to pack it in. A bright spot for GTC was that the wine pours seemed to be decent. 
I'm not sure if "Iron Chef" used to mean something and one point, and maybe its my fault for buying into the hype, but I really just expect top notch stuff from Iron Chef restaurants. I know they aren't back there cooking the food themselves, but the standards should still be the same, no? Gordon Ramsey would've thrown that well done steak at the chefs head and called him a donkey. I also get that Amada is the flagship, but still, its got your name on the side; can I at least hear the specials?! It wasn't anything that you'd be upset that you went to, but at about $50 a person, you should expect a little more. I couldve taken $50 and ate till I collapsed at Fogos!Afforable, fun and great food, with a state store inside!  What more could you ask for?!?!  One of my new favorite places.Nice atmosphere but limited menu for diners who have to watch calories. So I asked the waiter if the chef could make me something with egg whites, his reply, "if he's in a good mood, I'll have to see". He wasn't apparently in a good enough mood. My dining friends were going to order the deep dish pie but didn't since it said it would take 40 minutes. However, then our meal took 40 minutes. The vibe here was we're soooo good we don't even have to try and be gracious or accommodating. We don't care if you like it or not. Very disappointing, There are so many other great restaurants in the area, I would never go back here. Pity, the coffee was excellent.This is my second time at the Garces Trading Company.  The first time I came here, I was on a progressive food tour.  
This time I ordered their Steak Frites.  The order came with steak, fries and a starter salad.  The salad was quite big and was very good, if you like vinaigrette dressing, which I do.  The steak came out perfectly good and was moist and tender.  The fries were good, but a bit salty.
After dinner I ordered a Choux Crème based on the waiter's recommendation.  OMG - it was amazing, light fluffy cream with a hint of honey/caramel in a light puff pastry.  I love all things savory and am not a huge dessert person, but I would definitely come here again for the dessert!Great ambiance and service! Loved the olive oil they use with the bread!
Went with the yelp consensus and ordered the Lyonnaise Duck Salad - no regrets! Duck was so tender and perfectly balanced with the greens. Goat Bolognese and Pan Roasted Duck Breast did not taste as extraordinary to me.Definitely a cool place! The atmosphere is modern and clean. Love their mozzarella. It is super fresh. On top of the food, I was really impressed by their vinegar and olive oil collection. I will definitely go back again and try some more at some point.I have never written a Yelp review before, but my experience last night at Garces Trading Company warrants a post. I went to this restaurant for my birthday celebration with out of town friends (so much for that celebration). My dinner experience was one of the worst I have ever had. Our waitress was inattentive and rude (and couldn't help my friend who has a gluten allergy because she didn't know which menu items were gluten free). Dinner took forever to be served (almost 2 hours to be exact). The food itself was far, far below average (the restaurant ran out of pizza dough before 9:00pm on a Saturday night so half the menu was not available - not sure how that is even possible). My friends asked for a birthday desert and their request was ignored entirely by our waitress. I am so disappointed with my experience and I will never go back. I'm frankly embarrassed that I brought friends to this establishment. Beware - this place is all talk, no walk and deserves no praise. You're better off going to Pizza hut, at least they won't run out of dough.Great food, service, drinks, atomsphere. Love it, have been back multiple times.Yea I had great expectations, which may explain why I wasn't overly impressed with Garces' newest venture, but it wasn't doing it for me. 
Yays:
-The wine store inside is a marvelous idea. Finally a byo that knows how to cater to the lazy and forgetful beverage crowd. The prices are on point for everyone and the choices are not too overwhelming. Plus, it makes the time waiting for a table whiz by.
-Ambience is warm, inviting, alive - like a tiny little indoor marketplace in Europe far far away from Philly
-Prices are really great for this type of experience
Nays:
-Service had its ups and downs. Sommelier at the wine store was knowledgeable but not the most enthused person, but the one who served the wine was very friendly (and it doesn't hurt that he was good-looking).
-Server took forever to take our order. I suspect he was turned off by the fact that when he asked whether we wanted sparkling or still water, we said ice. I guess our poor peasant tastes were not good enough for him. Other than that he was decent. Other staff were very nice.
-The wait was 30 mins but at least we had something to do by browsing the mini shops.
Yay or Nay? The food
I had the special (well first the waiter told me it was halibut, then he came back to say it was branzino). It was really good. Very happy with my choice. 
Yelpers were raving about the funghi pizza so my friend ordered that. It wasn't as good as I was hoping. Too salty and way too overwhelming flavor-wise. I actually hated it.
We had an eggplant appetizer that was delic.
Will I come back to GTC? If I had more time left, probably, but I think I'm saving my last weeks for the real good stuff and hitting up Tinto.I had a reservation for 2 at 8:30, when I arrived I was enthusiastically told that 'we're just setting up your table' and the host directed me to the bar.  Ok, I didn't mind, I enjoy a cocktail before dinner anyway!  But by 9pm I noticed a couple who had walked in after us get seated.  I wasn't sure if maybe they left and came back, so I let it go.  Then at about 9:10 I saw ANOTHER couple get seated!  I went up to the host/hostess and inquired about what I saw, and they both sort of didn't know what to say, and were frazzled and dismissive of my inquiry.  That didn't sit well with me, so when the manager came over I explained to him - he was apologetic and we were seated within about 5 minutes from that point and the manager had brought over a small plate of a few slices of meats for us, it was a nice gesture and he was again apologetic.  In any other instance, I wouldn't have even mentioned my experience thus far in a review, but things didn't get better so I feel that I have to be honest.  
Our waitress came over after about 10 minutes of more waiting, she was sweet, but it was clear even before this, that she and other servers were overwhelmed.  More waiting to get our appetizer order in - and it was during this time that I was noticing the manager addressing tables with apologies, offering to comp desserts, wine etc... I have no idea what the individual issues were but it was clear there was something going on behind the scenes!  Our appetizer order actually came out within a normal period of time, but we then waited about 30 minutes after we were finished with them to receive our entrees..  so long in fact, that the restaurant had cleared out.  
The food
We ordered a crab croquette appetizer (an addition to the menu), the mozzarella, and the duck lynnoaisse salad.  The crab croquette was not bad, the mozzarella, which i had been sooo excited to try seemed overly stretched - the texture was off, but the olive oil and cracked pepper was very nice over the top.  The duck salad was delicious, we enjoyed that.  For entrees, we got the carbonara fusilli and the mussels w/ chorizo broth.  My husband really wanted the wagyu but it turned out they ran out of it earlier.  The mussel broth was very nice, but the pasta was SO underwhelming I was severely disappointed. It was super aldente, which i normally like, but it was literally raw and wouldn't even wrap around my fork.  The peas were cold in the middle and there was hardly any cheese over the top.  In general we felt that everything we ordered was under seasoned and it was a nice touch that they have salt and pepper on the table.  
The ambiance was nice, pretty casual but elegant. I hate to give a negative review, but I hadn't been this disappointed in a restaurant experience for quite a while. A diner should never be aware of the issues happening in the back of the house - it really is a downer.My wife and I frequent Garces every month.  Our dining experience, the creativity of the dishes have often been positive to exceptional.  On one occasion, our lunch was subpar and we shared our feedback with Garces.  The GM was quick to apologize.  He also offered us a complimentary lunch.  Our waiter, the manager, & the GM were eager to provide us an exceptional lunch.  They made our lunch special and it was one of the best dining experiences that we've had in Philadelphia.  They work hard to welcome their customers and they work just has as hard to welcome back returning customers.And, yes. I was back in town. And, yes. A trip to Garces was long overdue. Noon, Sunday, table for 3, please.
Chef's cheese platter (a la carte off of the brunch menu), duck salad, lamb pizza, and cuban sandwich.
The duck salad is TO DIE FOR. Melt-in-your-mouth and the dressing, paired with the leafy greens are just... perfect... just so perfect.... *sob*
Everything was good--EXCEPT (*collective gasp*) the lamb pizza. It was a bit sourish, with a weird aftertaste, and the meat was sausage-like and not minced or deliciously crumbly like I expected.
Meh, obviously the rest of the meal (along with the service and the ambiance yada yada) was good enough to warrant 5 stars for this review.
And, yes!! Who can forget the olive oil!?! So fruity and delicious and perfect to sop up and lick right out of the dish. Yet, it's not sold in the market. :((((( Damn you, Garces, damn you. DAMN YOU!!! (Maybe if I say it enough times, you'll consider opening something in NY? :DDD)I don't often take the time to write reviews. However, after having my third meal at GTC, I feel the need to complain... Each time I've been there, I felt the surroundings and the menu descriptions were far superior to the actual product. Today, I was in town and wanted to have lunch with my daughter, a medical student. She suggested Garces, not knowing it was Restaurant Week. I arrived first, and the hostess was very forthcoming with the information that there was a limited menu: three courses for $20. I knew that was way more food than either of us would want, but we stayed nonetheless. Once again, the food was mediocre at best. I brought most of our meal home, and my husband and I just finished the desserts, which we had no time for at lunch. Again, mediocre. I think the space is great, and I just don't understand why the food doesn't match... As an aside, I attended the Dinner in White in August, and bought GTC's "box supper." I would have to repeat everything I just said above about that meal.Jose Gaces Restaurant number 5 in the books! 
I've been to Amada, Tinto, Village Whiskey and Distrito and loved them all! Garces Trading company didn't disappoint, but just wasn't as good as my favorites Amada and Tinto.
Went in the night before Thanksgiving for dinner at 7 and when we walked in, there was no one there and we were seated right away.
We opted for the Reserve Chef's Tasting and the wine pairing.  Here's what we had:
Started with a nice glass of Cava to get the taste buds moving for small plates:
-Homemade mozzarella with olive oil, salt and pepper - tangy and good!
-Cauliflower with black garlic - tasty, the cauliflower came out purple, nothing to write home about
-House made chorizo that was spicy and excellent with the house made bread too!
Chardonnay from Navarra came next, also pretty tasty and then the medium plates:
-Lyonnaise Duck salad - if this was all I ever ate for the rest of my life - I would be a very happy man! So awesome!
-Italian Sausage pizza that was spicy and delicious
-Linguini with clams in a white wine sauce - wouldn't order this one again, the clams had a very metal taste to them, as if they came out of a can 
A glass of red wine thrown in here, I think it was a Garancha, before the big plates
-Scallop risotto - very tasty, not a huge portion, but good
-Steak frites - the piece de resistance! Came out in a skillet with a big piece of steak and a huge heaping pile of french fries.  Please sir, can I have some more? This steak was amazingly good, I'd eat it five days a week!
-Don't even remember what was for dessert, there was so much steak 
Topped it all off with a glass of sherry, a nice sweet ending for a great meal! 
Great service to go with great food.  Can definitely be a bit on the expensive side if you're doing what I did, but it was awesome.  The Wine and Spirits located inside is a nice little surprise too! 
Garces doesn't disappoint, but make sure you hit up the other two, Amada and Tinto if you want to really see the menu shine!Excellent brunch place. Loved the baked eggs and the quiche. The bread in the beginning was a little cold and chewy, but overall a great place. Would definitely come backTerrific first restaurant during our stay in Philly. We had the GTC meatball, fries made in duck fat (yum!), scallops (perfect), lyonnaise salad (delish) and fusilli carbonara (just ok). All in all a great meal with attentive and friendly staff.If your restaurant has a famous name then we would assume that your food and service would be the same.. not so for this place.. we arrived at 10:30 am on Saturday March 17.  We were shown a table immediately.. the orders were taken and then the restaurant took a nose dive.  At 12 noon... the food still hadn't arrived.  The waiter kept apologizing and running back and forth to the kitchen.  No manager in sight to check on tables and find out what was going on.  Finally at 12:10 only 2 orders showed up.  Did I mention that we were a party of 6..5 min later another 2 orders showed up.  Then at last at 12:15 all were served.  So disappointed as I heard so much about this restaurant.  Waiter said sorry so many times , it got boring..was the manager, Jessica Klementzos, out celebrating St Patrick Day, or was she sleeping it off.  Everyone in the food business knows that you show up on a holiday and keep it going..will never visit your restaurant again..service so terrible , food took second place..For a weekday lunch, this place can't be beat. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is super cozy and nice. I don't have a single negative thing to say about our meal (pasta fagioli, GTC hoagie, and a salad). It was all pristinely prepared and served, made with fresh ingredients, and just divinely delicious in the JG way. 
The drinks were also great and the list is amazingly curated, but holy f on the prices. This is my only complaint about the meal. My companion had one beer at $11 and I had a pepito fresco (freaking DELICIOUS, but stillll) at $12 and the cost of our meal was basically doubled. They're not large drinks and the prices aren't warranted. But if you're aiming to eat without any adult beverages, you can't beat this place in the neighborhood.We snuck in Garces Trading Co on the Thursday before the Pope visited Philly--and man--this place was empty! That surprised me, given that I thought the city would be packed and I've heard great things about GTC. Overall, I'm very glad I finally tried GTC but wasn't blown away but anything. 
Our server was fantastic and brought over a sample of the on-tap pumpkin beer they had. I opted for a cocktail instead, and got the femme francaise. It was light and refreshing but wish it had a tad more of a bite to it. 
To start, I had the bonito del norte. There were a ton of beans and several chunks of tuna that had good flavor, but I absolutely loved the little peppers in the dish. I also had the lyonnaise salad, which was delicious. The presentation was fantastic, and the combination of the duck confit, the fancy greens, poached egg, and mustard vinaigrette was enjoyable.This place is my go-to spot for casual dinners. I love that I live in this neighborhood and can just swing by for some dessert and wine to-go, or sit down and enjoy a great meal. 
Definitely go on a sunny day and request to sit outside. Great service and the byob option is something that I always take advantage of.Came here for restaurant week and I have to say that we were a bit disappointed; when the dessert was your favorite part of the evening (unless you're a sweets junkie which I absolutely am not) you know that your dinner was a little lackluster.We came here after hearing from friends that they had a mediocre experience but would try it again so we found ourselves here for the first time and we also should have known that we could have made pizza at home and been just as happy when a Garces restaurant still has a lot of reservations and open tables DURING RESTAURANT WEEK. Our meals were fine (a little cold, but fine), our server was fine, and the ambiance was nice.  When we have so many options to go to in center city I don't know if we'll be back and I certainly won't give my friends a tip to try here unfortunately.This review is for the MUSSELS ONLY!  $19 for 10 mussels?!!  R u crazy, chef?  More mussels or take it off the menu!  RIPOFF!I've been wanting to visit Garces Trading Company after reading about them in Foobooz.  I went for brunch and was very happy with the meal.  The service was attentive, the menu was diverse, the food was excellent and the drinks were delicious.  The bloody marys were a little pricey as was the rest of the menu but that's as to be expected of a Garces restaurant.  Overall, I highly recommend and will be back.Garces Trading Company lived up to my expectations. The decor was chic and european like, which I can totally appreciate. I had the GTC Burger, medium rare. This burger was pretty fantastic. It was topped with a thin slice of crispy ham which was a nice surprise and something different than the traditional slices of bacon. In addition, there was this tomato conserva that was like a jam, which was an excellent pairing with the rest of the burger. Frankly, it was so good that I have no words for it.  I also had the duck fat fries. Yes, I said duck fat. I love carbs and fat, so I knew that these fries would be scrumptious before they even came out.My significant other took me here for my birthday dinner and we did the chefs tasting menu. Garces did not disappoint. The atmosphere was warm and comforting. The flow of the courses was timed perfectly. Our favorite thing they served us was unanimously the mussels appetizer.I'm kind of in shock that I'm not in a sugar coma. Why you ask? Oh because my mother and I went here and got (get ready for it) one choux creme, one tiramisu, one pear cream thing, and one hazelnut chocolate tart. You're probably getting a cavity just reading this. Take a break to floss if you must. 
By far we liked the choux creme the best. It had just the right touch of richness but was still light and the hazelnut was amazing. I think the chocolate tart was too rich. It needed less dark and more semi sweet. The pear thing... is the reason this is 4 stars. NASTY. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I am literally screaming that which is why it is mass capped. The tiramisu was alright. The choux though. That was the bees knees. And other cheesy sentiments. 
Can't wait to eat dinner here!I finally made it to Garces Trading Company and it has only left me wanting more. 
My husband and I decided to check out their happy hour on Thanksgiving Eve as the start to our happy hour bar crawl. We started with Garces Trading Company because their happy hour started at 3pm. It's rare for a happy hour to start so early so it was a no brainer selection.
Being that it was early and the day before a holiday, the bar area was quite empty when we got there. I was okay with that because it just meant personal attention from our server. 
We opted to start with a cocktail. To be perfectly honest, it was enjoyable at the time but not really memorable. Given I had it at the start of a happy hour tour, but it just didn't stand out to me.  I don't believe that wine was included on the happy hour menu, but I kind of wish I had a glass anyways. 
My husband and I decided to split the house made mozzarella as a little snack. It was awesome! I won't pretend I knew what Arbequina olive oil was prior to my visit but it was the perfect accompaniment to what was the perfect piece of cheese. The appetizer itself wasn't huge but we were also given a basket of bread and oil to enjoy as a starter. 
The bar area reminded me of an upscale diner. It was trendy but comfortable.  
I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way for this happy hour, however I enjoyed what I ate and liked the overall vibe of the restaurant. I look forward to really getting a taste of what Garces Trading Company has to offer on its full menu.Soooooooooooo good, we went twice in one weekend- once for dinner and once for lunch. Each time we got the tasting menu, which is definitely the way to go. The amount of food is insane, and each course gets better and better. The one off is the breakfast radishes, which are raw radishes paired with pesto and goat butter. Otherwise, everything else was delish. The on-site wine store is great. You can have one bottle at no corking fee, and then all others are $10. A great deal. Garces kicks a** again!I'll get right to the point.
Portions were shockingly small.  Nice ambiance, appealing menu, good service.    The portions were just so small as to pretty much ruin my dinner experience.
Short rib lasagna came in a shallow 3 inch pan.   $25 seafood stew (which sounded great on the menu) came in a small shallow bowl, with about 5-6 mussels and 1 small piece of fish.   
My wife and I generally don't stuff ourselves at restaurants, and almost always have some leftover food wrapped up to go.   We had no wine or dessert, and still paid almost $80 for us two and our 3yo son who ate a little bit of the dishes.   We definitely left the restaurant wanting more and still a little hungry.I've visited Garces Trading Company in the past to pick up some interesting vinegars, macaroons, and even wine from their wine shop, but I had never sat down for dinner until a few weeks ago. On the surface, it seems like a very expensive restaurant, but I found it very easy to have a delicious dinner for an affordable price. Our table shared a delicious flatbread, and I ordered the duck salad with a poached egg. This dish was so satisfying, rich, and worth every penny. The service was also amazing, and I can't wait to go back! This is a great one-stop shop for a great lunch, gourmet groceries, and a nice bottle of wine to take home.Really delicious flatbreads! Also the pork rillette spread is to die for! I've been here several times and I've had a great experience every time. I appreciate that I can also purchase some of their goodies (like the lavender truffle honey or the many different olive oils) to use at home. Also, if you need to grab a bottle of wine to continue the party elsewhere, they have their own wine room for you to pick up a bottle or two. Unpretentious and casual atmosphere makes it a good place to go for a spontaneous dinner in town in jeans or dress it up for a special date night because it's still a Jose Garces restaurant after all.We've eaten here a number of times and never been disappointed. The restaurant has a casual atmosphere and small built-in market. Service was good despite a full house every time we've visited. Our best meal involved paella - available as a special one night.Went here on Monday, 7/16.  
There really isn't anything I had here that blew me away. 
Was a party of two.  Had some challenges deciding how much to order. Asked if the Chef's Charcuterie sampler, plus a scallop entree, plus duck fat fries would be enough for two. Server said maybe not, and suggested we order a pizza, too. 
Ended up being too much, and regretted following the advice. 
1) the Chef's charcuterie sampler, at $16, is no value. We received some of the most microscopically thin slices of artisan salami I've ever seen, along with some gross 'Country Pate'.  Admittedly, I am not a fan of pates. 
2) the Chorizo and Clam pizza was pretty bland with cannellini beans and a bechamel sauce. If you want 'charcuterie', though, you should order a meat pizza, since there is as much sausage or salami on one of those as you will get by ordering the sampler tray. 
3) Duck fat fries.  A bit too thick and not consistently crispy. Go get the ones at Village Whiskey, instead. 
4) Scallop entree. Three large diver scallops which were good, unspectacular, but overpriced at $16. 
Our server was extremely polite and punctual.Food good to great. Service and customer service BAD.  A red wine was spilled on us--the glass shattered all over us and wine stained our cloths. A little stain remover pen was brought to our table with a napkin--no one ever said sorry or offered to help--no one asked us if we were ok. my friend plucked glass out of her sweater all night. at some point a waiter rushed by and said we'll pay for the dry cleaning but never came back. our food took forever and we were ignored most of the evening as if the event was our fault. shame on you GTC.Garces Trading Company delivered the goods on the food. Restaurant week menu was excellent. We started with the charcuturie and Asparagus with Fava Beans, Charred Spring Onion, Mornay Croutons. Shaved asparagus and accompaniments were excellent. The meats in the charcuturie were great. For the second course we went with the Tarte Flambe and Vichyssoise. Both wonderful.The main course of Scallop Risotto was out of this world. The Goat Bolognese was almost a miss it really lacked enough of the fonduta base on the bottom. Without it, it was just a plate of above average pasta. The deserts were delicious. 
The wine pairing was horrible. Serving up apparently whatever they wanted to rather than what paired with each dish. A red Bordeaux with scallops and Risotto?
Food was excellent. Wine pairings poor. Service was wonderful.My sister and her husband were in town, so we decided to Garces Trading Company  to enjoy a classy meal.  For those looking for the cliff notes version of the review, it didn't disappoint in terms of quality.  
For those hungry for more detail, the restaurant is filled with wonderful aromas and comes off causal yet upscale.  They offer a selection of wines, but also have a store for wine purchase (which can be enjoyed with your meal).  Remember to make a reservation as the wait can get long.  As for the food, they offer À la carte entrees or two levels of a tasting menu, $40 and $55.  A third option for the tastings includes paired wines.  Our waiter described the $55 tasting as everything on the $40, but with the chef having more freedom to do extras.  So, of course we decided to live it up with the $55 tasting but settled on just a single bottle.
Portions seemed a bit small, yet we still ended up with plenty of leftovers.  However, what held Garces back from 5-stars was our disappointment in the chef's freedom mentioned above.  We were expecting a whole lot more for the $55 tasting and felt we ended up paying extra money for what would have been a $40 tasting.Wish there were an option for NO stars!
One of the worst experiences: 
- Apps. Took 45min to come to the table (apparently kitchen "lost" the order!!) 
- Service : below average - drinks were late and server was missing for the most part. 
- Food: overpriced, over rated and underwhelming!  
NEVER coming back!I made it here for restaurant week and was very impressed by the food and the service.  We started with a bottle of wine that was recommended based on our entree selections.  It was a blend with mostly syrah, good, but not my favorite.  For the first course, we shared a semi-soft cow's milk cheese and a pork rillette.  The cheese was served with the lavender truffle honey which was fabulous.  I ended up getting a jar to go.  
For the second course, I had the funghi pizza. It was so delicious and very filling.  Who knew duck fat pizza crust tasted so good?  My main course was the scallops which were perfectly cooked.  For dessert I had the terrine, which was fine, but very rich.  At that point I would have rather had more cheese and truffle honey.  
Our waiter was very attentive, and he was quick to re-fill the bread which is good and bad.  I didn't feel rushed at all, and took my time enjoying each course.  I'll definitely be back to pick up something to go.I love what they sell here--the cheese, the bread, the olives...
I've always gone to Garces to get these items, (esp the truffle cheese)  but last week was the first time I had sat down to eat.
We ordered the panini and the jardinier sandwich, and split the halves.
We also had the octopus appetizer, which was very good.
The octopus was sauced very asian-like.  It almost tasted like the octopus I would get when I was in korea, and it was a nice touch I really enjoyed.  However, it was a little too greasy and got too filling too quickly.
The sandwiches were also too greasy, but the deep taste to it was just too good for us to stop.  Nevertheless, we couldn't have more than 1-2 bites of each sandwich before we called it a day.
The panini has the truffle cheese that tastes exceptionally good in the sandwich.  It gave me ideas to try that myself at home!
The service was just great, quick and attentive.
A weird thing was the drink that we ordered.  I can't remember what it was called, but it was a girly, fruity alcoholic drink with pieces of melons in it, but it tasted like mushrooms or crabs or something; it was really weird.
Overall, great place.  I love the olive oil and religiously get their cheese.  But as for the food, I think i'll probably only sit down to eat every once in a while, when I feel like greasy deep dishes.Solid place! I love the little oil and basic vinegar sampling line when you walk in!
Lyonnaise duck salad is very delicious! Not your traditional salad, but very tasty!
Pistachio pesto pizza was very flavorful and I enjoyed the crust which had duck fat in it.
Pate was okay- not the best I've had.
Bloody Mary was not my favorite.
Great service, relaxed ambiance. Nice place for lunch!Dear Mr. Garces,
You have turned me into a carnivore. 
Because of you, I have not only eaten, but am probably slightly addicted to cured meats. The chef's selection charcuterie was so intoxicating that just 3 hours after indulgence, I have forgotten the names (Prosciutto! Serrano! Salami!) and locales (France! Italy! Spain!) of the animals I consumed. Each was delectable in its own rite, and none had any of that too oft encountered (and remembered) preservative flavor. Pretty impressive, Mr. Garces.
Your chef's selection cheese plate offered a wonderful triage: one semi-soft, lightly sweet, but oh-so-buttery; one hard and just sharp enough to alert the palate, and a final potent blue cheese (of sorts...) that made my tongue writhe in pleasure. 
And your sourdough duck fat pizza dough? Keep that on the DL. You'll want to make money off of vegetarians one day...unless, of course, that is, you convert them all to your flesh-eating ways. 
Cheers,
Ettya F.Amazingly, despite our last-minute decision to hit Garces Trading Company for a late lunch, OpenTable got us a spot (and points)! The first thing we notice are the patio chairs and tables (mostly empty) out on the sidewalk. If it had been an hour earlier, the weather would have been too chilly to sit outside; now, though, the sun blasts down and nothing sounds better than some outdoors action. We are about 20 minutes early for our reservation, the hostess informs us, so it'll be about a 20 minute wait for a table. How about outside? Sure, she says. No wait for a patio table. Right this way!
Wow, it is nice out. Soon, though, we find that the service is slightly confused. We wait...and wait...and wait, until the hostess notices my look of strained patience. She promises to get our waitress, but then we're handed off to another waiter. He is nice but about as rattled as any of the other servers. The manager has to deliver some of our drinks and food later as well. Fortunately, the balm of soaking in the sun and people-watching goes a long way to forgiving the unforgivable service.
I start with a generously-poured mimosa (which is about as close to brunch as I want to get) and we jointly opt for the chef's selection of meats and cheeses. Charcuterie includes a dry prosciutto that is nutty but otherwise pretty standard; house-made salami (thinly sliced, mild and greasy); and Sobresada, a chorizo-style salami (spicy, like pepperoni). Cheese plate includes a cheddar, some kind of sheep's milk cheese, and a stinky, awful blue cheese that is perhaps the worst I've ever tasted. Ugh!
Once the mimosas are dispatched, we move on to a pitcher of Marseilles, their signature white sangria infused with roasted red apples and cinnamon. On a hot day, it hits the spot! And what better to pair than a flatbread pizza with sourdough made with duck fat? Um...nothing? We go for the Paleta Ibérico with cured Ibérico pork shoulder, agrodolce figs, and Idiazabal sheep milk cheese from Navarre, Spain. The crust is light, crispy with the trademark sourdough tang and a little something extra rich and buttery underneath. The duck fat? Possibly. That tang--combined with the sweet fig, salty pork, nutty cheese, and the surprisingly spicy greenery sprinkled on top--makes for an amazing last meal. We nearly fight over the last piece.
Juliet makes a last stab at dessert by ordering a Fraise, which turns out to be a glorified strawberry Little Debbie rollup. I am so glad I decline dessert so as not to ruin the meat-and-cheese glow I'm experiencing.
Even though the service left a lot to be desired, the food (and the prime sidewalk placement)hit most of the marks. Once the bill is paid, we toddle off to our waiting plane, already planning to head back to Philadelphia sometime again this year.
But don't take my word for it; read what my better half has to say about this and other culinary adventures together on our site (linked in my profile)!This is a dangerous friggin place to have around the corner from you.  Not only does Garces bring an old school charcuterie, bakery, of course cheese, "homemade" oils and...wait for it...a full wine & spirits with Garces selected wines!!  I don't know who he slept with on the LCB to pull that one off but keep up the good work.  You can dine in, take out, make a reservation, sit at the community table.  Its a gourmet, albeit lmited, market and restaurant rolled into one.  Garces is the hot philly chef right now (though it is his previous employer Starr up for restauranteur of the year from James Beard) and he doesnt disappoint with this unique venture at 11th and Locust.Tried the famous brunch at GTC. The first course appeared to a very small portion, including the pastry plate. The 2nd course - pecan pancakes/ French toast, was humungous!!! We couldn't finish the dish! GTC burger is very filling and delicious as well! Definitely worth a visit! 4 stars because it's a little on the pricey side.Interesting place.  The food was quite tasty, albeit rather overpriced.
The space is interesting, very reminiscent of a continental cafe/bakery store.  Makes for a good lunch setting, or place to go with friends.  That being said, I wouldn't recommend it for fancy date night.  Went in with a jacket on and felt super overdressed.
Probably the shortest review I've ever written...If you're a fan of Jose G - this is a place to be.  Definitely a must-try in Philly.  
My friends and I arrived 15 min before our reservation time and were delightfully seated without having to wait. 
We went for a calamari app and mushroom pizza - to. die. for.  And there is still sooo much I want to try on this menu i can't even deal.
Great for a cozy lunch or dinner.We came here for lunch on a thursday afternoon, so the place was not crowded at all. The staff was adequately pleasant. The environment is nice and pretty, but I couldnt get over the bathroom tiles. The walls are lined with rectangular white tiles that you typically find in shower stalls. I am not sure why that bothered me so much (but I wont take away any points for that!). 
The bread was cold and somewhat ordinary, but the olive oil delightfully fresh. We ordered the santa maria special (which is a soup and sandiwch lunch deal). My pototo leek soup was just fine (only so much you can do with a potato leek soup!), somewhat on the salty side. I had the Panisse sandwich, which was really quite nice. And Its really a breath of fresh air to see something in an italian restaurant that is unusual and innovative. My husband had the endive salad (delicious!) and the pork sandwich. 
Overall - no complaints. But the reason for my 3 stars (besides the cold bread) is that the food didn't blow me away. It was good, and nothing more. Also, there were too many words/phrases in the menu I didnt understand. Must be my bourgeois-ness rearing its ugly head, but I kept wanting to ask for an english menu!I've had Chef Boyardee twice in my life. Once was as an after-school snack when I was 11-years-old. The other was a few nights ago at Garces Trading Company, only it was called Goat Bolognese and cost $22. 
Now, I am not suggesting that the restaurant is passing off Chef Boyardee as Chef Garces.  However, you will find this dish bears an uncanny resemblance in both taste and texture to Chef Boyardee products. Which one? It doesn't matter as all Chef Boyardee products taste exactly the same. If you doubt the comparison, do the following:
1. Go to Walgreens and 11th and Locust
2. Purchase a 7.5 oz. Chef Boyardee Beefaroni Microwave Cup ($1.79)
3. Walk half a block west to Garces Trading Company
4. Order the Goat Bolognese
5. Tell me one is not an homage to the other
I do not mean this comparison as a detraction. Both Chef Boyardee and G.T.C.'s Goat Bolognese are delicious and each belongs in the pantheon of pasta dishes for various reasons. I encourage you to order the dish, even at $22, as the ensuing inducement of nostalgia is priceless. 
Thanks, Jose Garces, for the memories.Service was friendly, food was excellent, decor was excellent. Casual environment, at 5:15 my wife and I were able to get a reservation for 5:45. We shared a salad, ordered goat bolognese and a carbonara pasta with fried egg. Very delicious!This place is awesome.  I feel like 5 stars is a lot but frankly my meal (lunch) was truly amazing.  We ordered a mozzarella ball for an appetizer and the pesto pizza for the main meal.  Oh my god....amazing.  I had just returned from Italy and was feeling very particular about mozzarella dishes and this one did not disappoint.  It was just a little warm which is not what I was expecting.  It practically melted in my mouth.  
The pesto pizza had mozzarella and horseradish (??!).  It also managed to melt in my mouth.
This place is casual.  Wine store, small market...but the food is true Jose Garces, delicious.  Go here.To those unfamiliar with GTC, it consists of both a small market (more like a long counter with meats, cheese, pastries, olive oils, etc.), wine shop, and a market cafe.  My past 4 experiences at GTC, prior to this visit, were all flawless.  Everything from the amiability and attentiveness of the staff to the quality of ingredients, especially the meats and cheeses made in-house, earned the establishment bragging rights.  My experience this past Saturday night was no exception.  GTC wowed me a fifth time over and my companions, all Garces neophytes from out-of-state, echoed the same sentiment.
I arrived 5 minutes early to my reservation and alone yet the hostess seated me at my 4-person table.  VERY kind, particularly during a roaring Saturday night dinner rush.  My waitress greeted me quickly and filled my water glass.  As my friends seated themselves a few minutes later, our server gave an expert walkthrough of the menu - how much food usually satisfies one person and from which parts of the menu, a description of the pizza as more of a flatbread, etc.  She then ended (Grand Finale) with the two tasting menus.  Without being pushy, our server completely sold us on the $55 4-course chef's tasting menu which differs from the cheaper tasting menu in the more expensive menu calls for higher end proteins.
Our server opened our bottle of red and then pointed us towards the olive oil and balsamic "bar" where we could fill tiny cups and bring them back to our table to accompany the delicious sourdough we were already munching on.  Each oil had a description of its origin, when and where it was pressed, and the different notes you should taste.  My favorite was the California olive oil with strong notes of pepper at the end.
Note:  GTC sells wine by the glass and bottle.  However, it's also BYO.  No corkage fee for the first bottle.
Our first course consisted of many small plates.  The standout by far was the potted duck (layers of a duck rillette and foie gras mousse topped with elderflower caramel) served with warm bread.  We scraped every last morsel of the potted duck out of this jar; it was heavenly.  We were also presented with a dish of impossibly tender, grilled octopus, fennel, and thinly sliced apple - a welcome change in both taste and texture from your standard grilled octopus.  Our cheese plate consisted of a Roquefort (bold choice!), two other cheeses, one honey, and two fruit spreads (fig and raspberry).  One of my dining companions was chatty during the cheese presentation, so regrettably I have no idea what types of cheese those last two were.  Usually, I am very into cheese, but to be honest, all three were forgettable.  Last of the first courses was a charcuterie of proscuitto and jamon iberico along with a honey for dipping or spreading.  The obvious sweetness of the honey played nicely against the saltiness of the cured meats.
Our second course, not on the menu, was a cold, picked trout escabeche with a hot, roasted red pepper soup poured on top, for presentation's sake and to preserve the coldness of the escabeche for the diner so that it would contrast appropriately with the warmth and slight spice of the soup.  This dish was also a big success.
Somewhere in there, we also received [my favorite] the funghi pizza which is more of a flatbread.  How could maitakes, black truffle, and royal trumpets, ever disappoint when baked over taleggio cheese? - and I was finally able to identify the mystery topping not on the menu: lemon peel, practically invisible but you can smell and taste it.
For the main course, we were given two entrees - arguably the juiciest, sliced pork I have ever consumed over diced celery root, served in its own juices and a goat bolognese.  The bits of goat were incredibly tender; the pasta clearly homemade and just so savory and comforting .  Both dishes were out of this world.  I was much less a fan of the sides - roasted brussel sprouts which needed more jazzing up despite the presence of bacon in the dish and small, round potatoes with a tangy red sauce we didn't realize was there until we reached the bottom of the bowl (oops).
Dessert was, again, an experience.  One of my friends gave up sweets for Lent and turned down dessert.  Instead of withholding his, our server brought us a plate of assorted French macarons in addition to three winter verrine of butterscotch pudding, apples, caramel, and streusel.  All elements of the verrine sang in perfect harmony - a just-right richness, varying textures, and flavor notes to keep me guessing.  - but I have to expand on the French macarons which were lighter than air.  Each flavor was better than the next!  I highly recommend PB&J and double chocolate.
All in all, this experience was exceptional - spot on food that surprised and delighted and impeccable, friendly service.  Make a reservation via OpenTable to get some points and fill your belly with Garces goodness.I came here on restaurant week and was very disappointed here. This was my first experience at a Garces restaurant, so I was really excited to eat here. Normally, I give yelp a lot of credit in helping me select where to eat, and I figured I'd try here despite (more than) a few wishy-washy review.
For starters, the service here is awful. It took 20 minutes to even be asked for drinks and probably 15 people walked by us without acknowledging us, which normally would send me packing, but I was anticipating a great meal so I stuck it out. 
The menu was limited to only restaurant week selections which I'm never a fan of. 
We started with the fresh mozzarella which was the clear winner of the night; warm, briney, salty goodness. 
The second course was a micro green salad which was topped with such a bitter garlic oil they I could barely eat it.
For my meal, I had the risotto with scallops. The scallops were cooked perfectly, however they were so overly salty, I couldn't eat them. The risotto was a bit too al  dente  for my liking but it tasted OK.
Overall, I was extremely disappointed in the experience here. I expect the utmost care, attention to service and food at restaurants like this, and I didn't get it. I will not be back.I had read so many good reviews about this place and had been planning to visit for so long. Finally we went there today. We walked in late Sunday afternoon. We were greeted on the entrance and our host asked me if we had a reservation... I didn't know that we needed a reservation. He looked at me and said he might be able to get us a table outside. I looked in the restaurant and only 40 percent of the tables were occupied. Anyways, we were seated Inside after 5 minutes. I don't know what was his concerns. ..The inside decor is lovely. It feels like inside of Pottery barn. The service was slowish even though they were not that busy. I ordered Funghi pizza and baked eggs. Let me say this, it was the most delicious flat bread pizza I ever had. Wow. It really made up for the slow service and everything. The baked eggs were ok. We were also given complimentary bread basket to soak with the olive oil. We loved the food. The drinks were ok but were Pricey. In the end I ordered macaroons. We had coconut and pistachio flavors. Coconut was very sweet but the pistachio was perfect. You can try different types of olive oils on your way back or waiting for a table. And you may end up buying one :)Always good for a casual lunch or dinner. I always order apps and rarely entrees . Very French Mediterranean. Get the cheese and meat boards. Olives and salads are very go to! The bread is excellent. Happy hour is crowed so get there early if you want a seat.The food was delicious - wide selection of cheeses and charcuterie. We got the homemade mozzarella, which I do not recommend getting if you're going to get pizza anyway... lomo and toscano salami. Then came a delicious salad that had two small pieces of delicious grapefruit (wish there were more). And then, we proceeded to wait over 30 minutes for our pizza to arrive. The table next to us was served their entreee, finished eating, and got dessert menus before our funghi pizza was set down. We were not happy campers. One of our servers let the manager know who stopped by our table, apologized and took care of the pizza. We had an incident at Chifa where one of our side dishes came well after the entree and they didn't take responsibility for it. I was glad to know that this Garces establishment has much better management. I love the concept, food and the mocha, so we'll certainly be back. Apparently you can also buy a bottle of wine from the store and bring it to the table. Must try that and the pasta next time!Went here on a Friday night for dinner with another couple, and loved our experience. 
The restaurant is such a cool concept, that I don't know why nobody ever thought of it before. A BYOB with a state store inside? Perfection! They even sell gourmet cheeses and olive oils in the market, so you can wander around and taste items while you're waiting for your table.
The food is pretty darn delicious. Hubs and I shared the chef's selection cheese platter, and it was to die for. My entree (duck confit salad) was pretty good, but not melt in your mouth amazing.
Overall, we'd definately come back, if nothing else just for the cheese sampler and to split a pizza.I was there for a restaurant week . My wife had a birthday . I wanted to invite few people . I ended up reserving for 10 people on a Saturday night luckily , along the way we ended up with 12 people as few other joined , they were very nice and put 2 more chairs even though we reserved for party of 10 . It was really nice , the server was excellent and she paced the food nicely we really enjoyed the restaurant week menu . I had Masala Vadai , Soup , Chicken and the chocolate Mousse . 
I would recommend this place especially when you wanna entertain some friends its a really nice place to enjoy and have good food.If only macarons and dessert dont make me gain weight, I'll prolly stop by here more often. their macarons are very very good. their deli/bakery staff mostly looking either i'm a bother or they dont feel like being there. i'll forgive them since the food is bangin' enough. as for their other food, unless is restaurant week, too pricey for my liking.I though the service was good, but the menu was just ok. I didn't see a lot of variety. There were too many pork options. Atmosphere was different. I would recommend for lunch or happy hour but nothing else.We have tried this establishment three times. The experiences were so unmemorable I don't even remember what I had the first two times we were there.  This third visit really made us realize its not the place for us.For me, places like this fall under the "Much ado about nothing" category. I wanted to take some friends in Philly out to a nice dinner, and they chose this place. They love esoteric ingredients and they watch whatever show it is that the owner was once on. 
Like so many restaurants now, it's not about the food anymore, but about presentation and complexity of ingredients. Perhaps some places are trying to give things a European flair, but they've got it wrong. In France, for instance, food is food. It's simply great food. The plate isn't decorated with condiments. Things don't arrive in goofy shapes. Etc. 
To start, we ordered the artichokes, the calamari, the Lyonnaise duck salad, and the funghi pizza. The artichokes were teenily sliced and made to look pretty. But so little artichoke per bite leaves little artichoke happiness. The calamari was buried under greenery. The funghi pizza was very good. The Lyonnaise duck salad was disappointing. It came out in a cute shape with a cute zig-zaggy splatter of mustard on the plate... and was underwhelming. Duck buried beneath greens. Greens not tasty. Do away with all the "cuteness" and just make a good salad!
We moved on to entrees. I ordered the pricey "house specialty", steak frites. (Grilled hanger steak, house duck fat fries) and chose the Sauce Au Poivre Vert rather than the Béarnaise, Bordelaise. It was beautifully presented. But so little meat! I'm NOT a fan of huge portions, but somehow it just seemed skimpy. It was sliced, arranged beautifully on the plate, but... no substance. While it was tasty, I've had better. Also, if you're going to serve "frites," please serve them in the paper cone. Arranging them in a teepee in some ceramic ware thing looked weird, and of course there were less fries. 
Friend #1 ordered the pork chop, which looked *very* good. And it was. Tender, cooked just right. 
Friend #2 ordered the Roasted wagyu bavette steak with the bone marrow vinaigrette, and that is when tragedy struck. He suddenly starting holding the side of his face, and it turned out there was a piece of bone in the bone marrow vinaigrette. Eek. Repeat: BONE MARROW VINAIGRETTE HAD A PIECE OF BONE IN IT. This is unacceptable. He could have broken a tooth. He could have swallowed it. Just WRONG. 
Friend #2 actually thought they should deduct his dinner. (I was treating! He wasn't trying to be cheap.) I didn't think they'd go that far. I'm still not sure what the proper reponse is. Maybe a profuse apology? Maybe a free dessert? We got neither. Our Abercrombie & Fitch-looking waiter had a blank "Dude!" look on his face, and he sort of disappeared after this. Took ages to get the check. He later brought over just 4 little macarons, each a different flavor. One of them tasted like a stick of butter. The only good one was the chocolate one. Trying to share them between the three of us was comical.
All in all? NOT WORTH IT. Much ado about nothing.
Just a snooty place with tiny portions, bad customer service, and no ambience. You can find a better upscale dinner elsewhere crafted by someone who hasn't garnered fame from a fly-by-night TV show.This place owns. Staffed by friendly, amiable people. Got the Santa Maria, which is your choice of an appetizer + a sandwich (or a soup, I think) for $14.50. The fresh mozzarella was a disc about as big as a fist, flavorful and well-seasoned. The roast pork sandwich was similarly excellent, with sweet pork, perfectly bitter broccoli rabe, and fresh bread. I didn't try it, but the bar seems well-stocked. Would totally come back again.Its a beautiful place and it has a very chilled environment to dine in with friends. I ordered a lot of different dishes, but only one of them "WOW" me, which is the "Baked Eggs". The flavoring of the"Baked Eggs"  was very delicious and i do crave to eat it again in the future. I highly do recommend the Baked Egg. The other dishes i ordered was alright, which was the Funghi Pizza, the GTC burger, the Quiche, and also the Duck fat frites; these dishes was alright, it feel like a normal type of meal that can be found anywhere. The Funghi Pizza, for example, is just a typical mushroom flatbread pizza... But i don't want to end this review by giving a negative review. I think next time i come here, i will do research on what i want to eat or ask for recommendation rather than many different dishes at random. I usually do my research on a restaurant menu when i go out to eat, but I came to GTC randomly without any knowledge on their menu. So If you do go here to eat, make sure you do some research on what you might be interested in eating and also ask question about the food you might be ordering. In the future, i am looking forward to dine in again at GTC and hope the next time i go it be better for me so i can change my review to a better experienced one.This place is great, it's a BYO so you keep your costs down and there's a state store inside! Food was amazing, ask your server for cheese & meat reco's, also try the olive plate if you like olives. You can get things to go and the ambiance was very nice...low lighting, high seating. Highly recommend, def going back!YES!  This place was great - we discovered it on yelp/open table as we were in town for just a long weekend and it was right around the corner from our hotel.  When you walk in you quickly discover that it is half shop (for purchasing delicious items like wines, cheeses, meats, vinegars, oils and desserts) and in the middle of it all is a quaint dining area.
We started with the breakfast radish dish (I love radishes!) which was tasty - the goat's butter and olive oil were perfect for bread dipping.  Warning:  this dish (like the others) is flavorful, not plentiful.  They are going for quality, not quantity which I greatly appreciate.
We each got a lyonnaise duck salad, which was one of the best I have ever had.  The succulent duck worked perfectly with the crisp frisee and warm poached egg... i've been trying to recreate it at home!
We split the goat bolognese (if you are in the mood for pasta, it was quite good).
Overall, we would definitely recommend to others visiting (and put on our list for the next trip back to Philly!)Spontaneously dropped by 7pm Saturday night. Hostess squeezed us in before next reservation due. Does she know I'm a Yelper? ;-)
Quickly selected cheese plate, Lyonnaise duck salad (SO amazing! with sliced fingerling potatoes and hunks of duck confit below frisee and a poached egg--which was a tad undercooked for me but oh well), baby artichokes (with dates, walnuts, and preserved lemon), vichyssoise (with scallops and bacon), sangria, and for dessert Autumn Verrine (apple/butterscotch layered dessert) and macaroon sampler with cafe au lait. Almost everything but dessert was OUTSTANDING. (dessert too sweet, sangria too full of ice) Service fantastic, never felt rushed though we knew we had to get out of there. Definitely will return, WITH reservations. 
BTW our kids were accommodated well! They shared with us. We do have adventurous eaters: artichokes, smokey Rogue blue cheese, hunks of duck meat were favorites. bread kept us occupied til food arrived, which didn't take too long. Next time we'd just get ONE macaroon out of the dessert case, not the sampling of 7.Great dining experience.  I also visit the Marketplace at least once a week to get pastries (the scones are heavenly), a sandwich, or a bottle of wine.  I often come by to purchase a half-dozen of macaroons to give as a small thank you gift (they package them nicely and its only $6) to coworkers, doctor staff, etc.We had gone here for HH but bar was too crowded so they were kind enough to seat us without a reserv for dinner.   For dinner, I got the Pappardelle with Lamb Ragù.  Considering that I'm not a huge fan of lamb, I really liked the dish.   We also ordered a side of duck fat fries and that was delicious.This was our first meal in Philly and we loved it. I had scallops in a bed of buttery mashed potatoes and my hubby had papardella noodles with lamb and peas. Yum!
Great service, enjoyable atmosphere. We'll be happy to come back here.Stopped in here the other day for a quick lunch and a cheese plate. This time I opted for the Manchego with truffle lavender honey dipping condiment which was quite something to behold. Also after the meal I decided to sample some of the oils and found myself loving the truffle oil, but downright stunned by the cinnamon pear balsamic vinegar, I could buy a bottle and steal a huge straw from 7-11, the logistics of which I've contemplated since.
In reference to the meal I had myself another sandwich, the Spaniard, which was great in every way. 
note: This update is pertaining to my list on dishes containing truffles in the Philadelphia area.Let's just say, for dinner one night, I had a hunk of their sourdough bread, some housemade white sangria honey and a giant chunk of Oregon smoked bleu cheese.  Sad but true and worth the 25,000 calories I ate that night.  
Have also had a family dinner there, did the tasting menu and was not disappointed.  Got plenty of each dish for everyone to try, server was cute, attentive and informative and didn't feel pressured to give up the table after dessert.  Grabbed a casual lunch here (veggie sandwich was great), wonderful olive oil, cheese and dessert selections and really good whole bean coffee as well.  Great concept by Jose Garces.Gonna keep this review short and quick for the 'market' part of this place. i come here more for the 'market' and even have my visiting friends check it out cuz it's cool or just to get macarooons 
I love their macaroons. 
I love their selection of olive oils. 
I love their dessert
I love their wine selection. 
I love their jams, honey and all that. 
It's a great place to get nontypical food for your close friends and families if you want to give something different. 
I love Garces !We had a great meal here tonight with a party of 7. We had to wait until a little after our reservation time, but there was space in the bar where we could hang out. The cocktails were great (though a dirty martini probably should come with more than one olive) and there was a nice selection of wines and beers. We really enjoyed the cheese and charcuterie and the olives as appetizers. (The mozzarella was good, if not spectacular.) The entrees were very good. My party enjoyed the gnocchi, the moules frites, the wagyu, and the carbonara. All very strong selections. The dining room is loud, but warm and welcoming. Definitely recommended.Although I did have an unpleasant initial encounter with GTC (hostess calling to cancel our reservation after we were already enroute, then offering no rescheduling options), I'm glad that I gave them a 2nd chance. 
My husband and I had a selection of cheeses and meat - the cabot cheddar and jamon iberico. Simply delicious! The condiments (pistachio currant salbitxada and truffle lavendar honey) that  we ordered were delectable. We also split the paleta iberico pizza, which although pricey was a wonderful combination of flavors. The portion sizes were perfect and we did not feel overly stuffed for lunch. A definite location to hit when strolling through the city and a snack/cool beverage are needed.I ordered the Duck Salad after hearing such rave reviews.  I was a little disappointed.  It's partly my fault as I ordered the dish to go to head back to my hotel after a long day.  I was impressed with the whole restaurant and would love to give it another shot (esp. all of those cheeses!) when I am back in Philly.Meh. The food, the decor and the service were all solid, but really failed to impress in any one area.
The fare was a hodgepodge of various "European Bistro Inspired" dishes. The Vichyssoise was really tasty as an appetizer/amuse bouche. The soup worked really well with the seared scallops and the bits of bacon mixed in. The charcuterie board tasted like, a charcuterie board. The lamb chops were cooked properly (medium rare) and had a great savory marinara sauce that went well with it. For dessert, I had the verrine which was a mascarpone panna cotta topped with a blackberry jam and almonds. The panna cotta tasted great with the jam and almonds but once they were gone, it kinda felt like I was eating shea butter or petroleum jelly. Everything was tasty enough, but it all was a bit generic, as in I could walk into any high end restaurant and order these dishes with the same ingredients and flavors.
The service failed to impress as well. Our drinks and water took way too long to arrive. My soup arrived without a spoon and my lamb without a steak knife. I guess they're really trying to bring it way back to the "Flintstone's Bistro" era. 
Overall, I would say check it out as a casual curiosity, but definitely skip it if it's a special occasion or a romantic date, you can do way better.
Three out of five.I love the food here.  I had an amazing mushroom pizza.  Even the salad was delicious.  On another visit I had the vegetable pressed sandwich and it was truly delectable.My wife and I went there for lunch after being there a while back for dinner. We remembered the dinner and wine as being wonderful. So much so that we even bought a couple of bottles of their olive oil to take home and give as gifts.
Fast forward, to lunch today. We weren't very hungry so we opted for the soup and pizza option on the menu. We both ordered the French onion soup. My wife chose the fungi pizza and I chose the bacon pizza. The French onion soup came, you needed a knife to get to the soup. The cheese was too thick. When you got past the cheese, we found a soggy piece of bread and hardly any broth. Where was the soup part? Worst French onion soup ever. Then the pizzas came. It was really bread with cheese and sauce on top. The bread was about 1 1/2 inch thick. A little cheese and some mushrooms for her and maybe, maybe 1 piece of bacon cut into tiny little pieces on mine. We couldn't finish either our soup or our so called pizzas. Maybe a 1/4 of the soup and half of our pizzas. We politely asked for the check and left. That's the last time we'll ever set foot in that place. How could 2 visits in a span of a year turn out so bad. If they keep this up, they won't be there a year from now. The absolute worst lunch ever. Zero stars!Meh.  I've experienced better is best way to sum up MY experience.  
First off I probably made the mistake for going here with the intentions of having a nice, less loud dinner w/ my grilfriend during the October 2012 Restaurant week. 
I had limited expectations going here although I had heard from a bunch of friends that this place was good to great.   I left feeling that I would not recommend this place to anyone unless they insisted on going there.  
So we started out with good appetizers, being the Vermont Cheddar and honey, along with the sauteed Cauliflower w/ a black garlic sauce.  It was tastey.  The Second set of dishes we shared were a Buckwheat Polenta and a Chilled Tomato soup w/ Serrano Ham.  Not a fan in slightest.  And finally we had the Scallops and a Goat Bolognese; and the Scallops were hard....not done well and something I wouldn't expect out of a Garces restaurant.  Goat bolognese..meh.
Desserts were ok, doesn't help that my gf is a pastry chef and critiques them with great knowledge.  So the macaron and Greek probiotic yogurt was again not done well and the macaron was too airy and not soft enough.
I hope other have a better experience than I did.Came here for dinner for the first time. The experience was underwhelming. Felt way too rushed. Every few minutes the waitress or server would come by and try to take our plates away. "Can I take, can I take, can I take??" is what we heard all dinner. No you can't take. Let me enjoy my food. Dinner took 45 minutes. Not cool to feel like part of a food factory. Food was fairly tasty but the portions continue to be small (especially for the price). Had to go to another restaurant to get satiated.Brunch on the weekends here is great.
Frequented here a lot and have always had a great meal.
Highly recommendedI went here with a party of about 10 and our bill ended up being a little under 600 dollars.  The service was okay our waitress was friendly and the beer and wine selection was big enough, however, the food was less than impressive.  The portions were decently sized as they were expected to be smaller being that it was a more fancy pants restaurant.  However, the tastes of the food were just average.  The duck salad was average the scallops were okay, the chicken was just your average chicken...it was just nothing special and we were going to try the tasting menu but the waitress couldn't even give us an idea of what was on it.  Her reply was "oh well it's a little bit of this and a little bit of that"......um....okayyyy...no thanks! You would be better off going to a Stephen Starr restaurant and if you do choose Garces prepare yourself for a less than average meal and WARNING....DO NOT ORDER THE SANGRIA!A classy establishment in an area that's lacking one.  Cute provencal/rustic french feel, complete with a wine cellar, charcuterie, fromagerie and patisserie.  
Started off with the Lyonnaise duck salad (topped with a poached egg and bacon)- duck was tender and savory.  Was expecting more veggies thought.  My mom and I shared the pan roasted scallops and the sauteed chatham cod.  Be warned- these portions are true to the Euro tapas size.  The scallops were excellent- roasted perfectly on the outside, very tender, and the chanterelle mushrooms were a great complement.  I just wish there were more than just 3 scallops (for $18, which is a bit pricey for Philly, IMHO).  The cod was also great- the lemon brown butter wasn't overwhelming- just the right amount of citrusy creaminess.  Portion, again, was tiny.  The piece of cod was maybe two ounces.  We ended with the choux creme- a flaky pastry with pecans and topped with a rum flavored light whipped cream.  It wasn't too sweet, but you could definitely taste all the flavors.  Service was excellent- very speedy, attentive, and low pressure.  Looking forward to coming back and trying some of the other items.This guy is all over the place!  Meester Jose Garces is claiming his territory all over these here Philadelphian parts and it's only making this city more brotherly loving.  Came here for lunch with three others who were then joined by two others and a baby later on in the meal.  If you don't plan on reading the rest of this review, I'll just say this, food: excellent, price: not expensive, service: can be greatly improved upon.
We had the Funghi Pizza to start which was stupendously delicious.  The mushrooms were on point and the truffle oil really makes it stand out.  Collectively, we ordered the Lyonnaise Duck Salad (superb) and a few sandwiches: the Panini Di Pollo, Italian, and the Cubano Clasico, all very tasty and put together well.  Our two later guests ordered some mozzarella and fine Italian deli meats and both were great.  Also had some beer and sangria at good prices.
As for the service, it wasn't anything horrible but I certainly wouldn't return for it.  The host was lacking manners and friendliness.  One of our guests is in the Philly restaurant business and even he noted that the host simply "sucked."  Our waitress was blah and didn't bring bread upon arrival though their bread is really good.  Water was not refilled promptly.  When I asked for an additional table to be added to our set for our later guests, I was told to ask our waitress.  When I asked another waitress (not ours mind you) she simply put the table there for us.  I guess the service varies.  This third paragraph has found me nitpicking a bit but I'm just writing what's fit to write.
They also had these tasting stations for the different vinaigrettes that feature a host of different fruit infused flavors.  My favorite was the strawberry and red apple.  Excellent.  It really caps off the experience of the whole place very nicely.  
i would come back again, especially for their grill selections for dinner.  I just wish their service would improve.  It's really the only thing stopping me from relinquishing the fifth star.This was good eats. A bit pricey for the casual small place. The young flock to it because Jose Graces owns it. But it's not like he's here for the pricing to be this high.
The cheese platter was good....I've only had the Gardinier sandwich but it was really amazing! Bread was so fresh and crisp,  veggies, cheese and other fillings were well balanced.  Highly recommended and oh-so l-missed now that I've been back on the west coast.  One of the many gems in Philly burgeoning culinary scene.MICE!!!!! 2 mice ran through our dinner!!!!! Food was good but SUPER salty! The mice took the show though. Too grossed out to go back.3.5. Have been here for both lunch and dinner. Interior is large and open with large windows and lots of natural light.  Staff is professional and knowledgeable if not a little "clinical".  We have had charcuterie and cheese which was delicious and their offerings are extensive if not a little pricey. We have also had the paella on one of their special dinner nights which was pretty tasty but not quite amazing. Not sure if we will go back.O M G - this place was De-lish, from start to finish, just really first class all around, from decor, to every morsel of food - This is an excellent example of what Philly is capable of (we're more than just cheese steaks people!) gourmet food at insanely reasonable prices, none of that tourist-trap Stephen Starr BS inside these beautiful walls!
I went with some friends for lunch on Opening Day, we had a variety of sandwiches which were all outstanding - but the star that outshone them all was the Moroccan Lamb, with a complex flavor profile, and melt in your mouth quality ingredients. I dream of this sandwich, and while I don't personally believe in marriage, I would break that position if I could marry that lunch; but only if it could also be a plural marriage with the Bavarian Cream Dessert my friend graciously shared. The only thing that kept me from unscrupulously eating it all being the standard conventions of polite society. I'm not sure for which Item, but I'm fairly sure I licked the plate at some point (social mores can only keep me in check for so long). 
As if all of that weren't awesomely amazing enough, the true highlight of the day a table side chat with Mr. Garces himself. My foodie friends and I were totally star stuck, but I managed to not sound like a total idiot by keeping my intentions of marriage to his culinary creations to myself (ours will have to be an ongoing affair - as I fully intend on going back and illicitly experiencing all of the items on the menu, at length).
I'm super excited to explore the wine shop as well (Jose Garces made a deal with the city and sells wine by the bottle behind a partitioned section of the shop). Friends that have checked it out have had nothing but gushing praises of the treasures found within (finally a light at thend of the PLCB swill tunnel of shame). I'm also super stoked to check out the cheeses & cured meats counter (just don't tell Cluadio's that I might have another lovah in that department too). The only bummer was the latte I took for the road, the one I had at the table was a perfect balance, but the large I took to go had far to much whole milk and was just missing that coffaholic edge I crave in my caffeinated beverage of choice. But I digress - sufficed to say, I can't wait to go back, and bring plenty of more friends who's plates I can potentially eat off of.Great food and pleasant service. 
Lamb chops and branzino were very good.
Caesar salad good too.
EdRarely have I been treated with such a sour and unfriendly welcome. I went to Garces the other day to meet someone for a Happy Hour cocktail at 5:30. I walked several blocks to get there in the 90 degree heat and when I arrived, I was exhausted and thirsty. 
When I walked in, there were literally TWO other customers and about 20 staff on hand. I said, "Hi, I'm meeting someone here in a few minutes. Could I have a seat?" The hostess would barely make eye contact with me and said, "Do you have a reservation?" I was made to feel like since I didn't have a reservation, it was unlikely that I was deserving of a seat in this fine dining establishment. 
The drinks were okay. The wait staff was friendly. But I will never go back.I love JG. I love brunch. Ergo, I love GTC!
This is the perfect spot for a weekend brunch. There is enough breakfast fare on the menu to satisfy your friends who rolled out of bed at half past noon (that would be me), and enough lunch fare to satisfy your friends who woke up at 6 and went for a run and ate breakfast hours ago (what is wrong with you guys ?!). But honestly, both the breakfast fare and the more traditional lunch options are so good that no matter how many hours it's been since you arose, you're going to want to try all of them. 
For starters, I have tried both the minestrone and the vichyssoise. The minestrone was delicious and very hearty. It came with very good bread, which was an excellent idea. More carbs at brunch is never a poor decision. I really liked the vichyssoise, it was very light and delicious - although this was almost summertime, so I'm not sure if it would be my pick in the colder months. 
The Cubano sandwich is my go-to entree choice, although there used to be a sandwich called "The Moroccan" which was so delicious that I am just waiting waiting waiting for them to bring it back. The sandwiches come with a relish-kind-of-thing that is INCREDIBLY good, if you only eat half of your sandwich and want to bring it home they *will* give you an extra container to bring with you! Which you should do. Because did I mention that it is incredibly good? The pizzas are also delicious and I love the crust. The crust is not vegetarian, though, which is a shame for vegetarians. But I hope they do not change it because whatever meat product is in there is seriously good. 
I really like that they have the mini state store in the restaurant. (Kudos, JG, who the hell knows how you pulled that off with the PLCB). They sell half bottles of wine, which is the perfect size to share with a friend (or, you know, to drink by yourself. No shame in that.). I highly recommend grabbing a bottle of champagne or some mini bottles of vodka so that you can make yourself some mimosas and Bloody Marys - their Bloody Marys are great, and you can decide how sober (or not) you want to be when you head out, since you're pouring your own spirits!
You should DEFINITELY plan to spend some time enjoying the store before you head home (also, it will give you some time to digest!). The cheese guys really know their stuff, and the great thing is that you can recreate JG's cheese pairings with the things they sell in the store (some favorites: cana de cabra with cherry fig marmalade, Idiazabal with membrillo, anything with the lavendar honey). The pastries are also DELICIOUS, I've never had room for dessert after a meal but I love to bring some pastry home to enjoy after my post-brunch nap. 
I would recommend making a reservation, since it can get a little crowded during brunch hours on the weekend. It is nice to be able to wait while you peruse the store, but it is even nicer to walk past all those waiting people and right to your seat!If you don't already know, service is a BIG deal to me. Be friendly and make me feel like you want me in your establishment. 
Ok, so now onto my review of GTC. If this rating were based solely on food, GTC would receive an easy 4.5 stars from me. I ordered the De Prosciutto pizza with the sausage de Toulouse - DELICIOUS! The flavors were great, the crust was soft enough (I'm not really a fan of thin crust pizza), and it was just generally amazing. For dessert I had a pistachio macaroon (*singing* YUM!!!), and the raspberry marjolaine, which was ok. My friends and I washed it down with a tasty bottle of Moscato. Ben, our waiter, was attentive, and he gave great recommendations. We were all very pleased with our food. 
Sounds like a fantastic meal, right? Normally I would say yes, but even before we sat down, a damper was placed on the evening by a rude hostess. There were three hostesses; one was friendly, one was relatively inconsiderate and one was out and out rude. When I first got there, I gave one hostess (the friendly one) my name, and she told me the wait would be about 45 minutes. That was no biggie because it was a Saturday night. So an hour later, I go in to see how much longer our wait would be, and a different hostess (the rude one) tells me that the wait will be more like the 45 minutes I was originally quoted. Confused, I told her that 45 minutes had already passed. She curtly replied that according to her clock, only 30 minutes had passed, and that she'd let us know when the table was ready. Now I'd been timing our wait, and I knew it'd been longer than 45 minutes, but how are you going to argue with a chick who's working in a restaurant that you've REALLY been wanting to try? I wasn't about to get into it with her, or her jack-leg time telling skills.  The appropriate response would have been "I'm sorry, but it's going to be a few more minutes.  We'll let you know as soon as the table is ready," *insert apologetic look here*.  About fifteen minutes later, she comes outside where we were waiting to tell us our table was ready. 
Once seated, and after having given our orders, a different hostess (the inconsiderate one) comes over and tells me that she needs the chair next to me (our purses were sitting in it), and that I could put my purse on the table. Now, I'm not one of "those girls" who thinks it's bad luck to put her purse on the floor (because frankly, it doesn't matter if your purse is on the floor or on your lap - if it's empty it's empty, and the location of said purse has nothing to do with that.). I will not, however, place my purse on the dinner table. You put YOUR purse on the table! We were seated at one of the higher tables, so I just pulled up another chair. Now don't get me wrong, I can understand you needing the chair, but there were other chairs of the same type not too far away, so she could have grabbed one of those. I just felt inconvenienced, and I shouldn't feel like that as a restaurant patron. She was apologetic, but whole thing could have been handled better. 
So yeah, the food and Ben's service are really what afforded this place and this experience more than a single star. I would have had a much more enjoyable experience sans the rude and inconsiderate hostesses. 
That said, I won't let this experience hinder me from trying more of the Garces restaurants, but I probably will not return to GTC.I love every Jose Garces restaurant I've ever been to, and Garces Trading Co. was definitely no exception. I had been waiting for some time to come, and Restaurant Week gave me the perfect reason to finally check this place out! We made a reservation for two for 5:30pm on Friday. Garces Trading Co. is one of the few restaurants that offers more than three courses for RW, and I was seriously stuffed. 
Course 1. Chef's selection of cheeses - I don't remember everything that was on here (I was too excited to eat to pay attention to our server as he was explaining the plate), but there were two cheeses (one of which was manchego, I believe) paired with a truffle lavender honey and some kind of jam. The pairings tasted so good together, but the two condiments were also amazing on their own. After the cheese was gone, my friend and I just ate them with the complimentary bread.
Course 2. Vichyssoise - Okay, I read the menu pretty carefully and I knew this was a chilled soup, but I was still caught a little off guard when I took my first sip. Hahaha. The flavors in this were on point, and it tasted so light yet so rich and creamy at the same time. Yum!
Course 3. Scallop risotto - By the time this arrived I was already feeling pretty full so I was glad the portion wasn't ginormous. The three scallops were cooked really well, although I was a little confused as to why they were only seared on one side and not both? I'm no expert though and I've only cooked scallops maybe twice in my life, and they did taste great...so it's not a big deal. The risotto had peas, asparagus and pine nuts which were really good, but I thought it was a little too salty overall. 
Course 4. Seasonal verrine and chocolate torte - The seasonal verrine (mascarpone panna cotta, date jam, almond cake) was SO GOOD. I could eat that panna cotta everyday. I probably couldn't do the same with the chocolate torte even though it was also very delicious, just because it was so rich. But it came with a chocolate hazelnut ice cream that I could probably also eat everyday. 
I was really happy with my experience here. Griffin, our server, was extremely attentive and friendly throughout our meal. Even when the restaurant filled up and got pretty busy, we never had to flag anyone down to refill our water or remove our plates.We decided on the chefs tasting menu and was pleased with our selections. The samples were delicious and fitting to our restrictions that evening. Our waiter, Tom was gracious and checked on us during our dinner. We had more than enough to sample from apps to salads to main course. Don't hesitate to try the tasting menu if you want variety and samples from the menu.Stumbled onto this place with the wife and kids. We had the brunch and the GTC burger. The brunch options were great. The burger was very good. The pastries were good too. 
I would rate them 5 stars if not for the mimosa scandal. We ordered the mimosa that comes with brunch. The waiter brought another 30 minutes later. We didn't ask for it. But an extra $8 dollars was charged to the bill. I asked and he said the first was free. I just paid for it but they need to either tell you beforehand or just don't automatically bring a second.