Meh. Not too impressed.So I had to do the Pat's vs Geno's taste test for myself after seeing it on The Travel Channel.Lets start with the building.....it looks like Snooki & Jwoww live there.VERY GAUDY.If they put the effort they put into making the outside of the building gaudy into their Cheesesteaks then maybe their Cheesesteaks would be really good.I ordered a Cheesesteak add Provolone,American and onions.The bread was really chewy compared to Pat's and the meat was very dry.The meat to bread ratio just wasn't right either,there was just too much dry, chewy bread & too little meat.At one point while I was chewing a bite I felt like I had cotton mouth.(Beleive me,that's not a good feeling.) There was definitely less meat and cheese on my Geno's cheesesteak & overall the sandwich was just bigger at Pat's. I know that there are waaay better cheesesteak places than these 2 in Philly because we asked some locals but I had to do the "touristy taste test "thing for myself.The results are in, and the winner is..........Pat's. Next time I come to Philly I won't be coming to either one of these just because I wanna go try other places but if you absolutely had to choose from these 2 then it's definitely Pat's hands down.We arrived here just after midnight and had no difficulty finding a place to park or a place to sit down and eat.  The tables line the sidewalk. I ordered the cheesesteak; what else is a tourist to do?  Maybe I was expecting something different I am from Jersey... it was disappointing.  The cheesesteak has chucks of steak that were exceptionally chewy and the cheese that failed to improve the overall experience. It didn't have a particular flavor that stood out and it was honestly forgettable except for the prices. It is expensive.  In a city full of flavor and variety.... I will try somewhere else next time.Both the cheese steak and the freedom fries were not that tasty. I was a bit disappointed.Kind of disappointed that after waiting 20+ mins in line in the freezing cold weather, the cheesesteak was not worth it. Wanted to try an authentic philly cheesesteak whilst there, so upon looking at the piling long lines of people waiting to get their hands on geno's Philly cheesesteak we joined the line as well, thinking long lines = Awesome food. Boy, were we wrong. Ordered 1 philly, 1 mushroom philly. Taste was bland, no flavor, bread as mentioned in numerous other reviews was chewy and i second that 100%. The meat seemed not up to the standards of philly steaks. And to add a cherry on top, the old lady at the cash register tried to short change me. Delassandros was way way way way way better when I had their cheesesteaks before.
So as of now, number 1 cheesesteak is still mitchels in OCMD, number 2 delassandros, philly. Number 3 ??Yeah, there's a rivalry with Pat's.
Yeah, they have neon.
Yeah, their bread is fresher.
However, I think Geno's is average. With so many options in the city, Geno's is popular because that's where the tourists go. Try Chinks or Delassandros, much better experience. If you want the typical Philly cheese steak experience, go to Geno's. If you want a better steak, go somewhere else.Well, here is another three star rating and this is why . 
I am a native Californian so I can picture it already. "EY, Waddayanow about steaks?" Well, l may not know cheesesteaks, but I know what I like. 
I did like the sandwich, but it wasn't what I thought it would be. It had good flavor, and I loved the onions. I ordered it "wizz, wit" and I was surprised how FAST they get things done. I also got the cheese fries and a drink. All in all it was around $15 (!) and I ate it right there on the benches. Yes, it was cold with the wind blowing. 
The best way I can describe it is to draw a parallel observation with another LA landmark that people rave and fawn over. King Taco. Sure, they make good food. Sure they serve tons of customers every night and are rather well known. Sure they make GREAT late night stops. However, late night munchies are not really the best way to judge foodstuffs. Perhaps being soaked in booze from late night carousing adds to the overall experience. There is NOTHING wrong with that. Just in the same way I like King Taco, I liked Geno's.
I however, have had better cheesesteaks. So far, the best cheesesteak I have had in the US was at Moochie's in Salt Lake City. It is not blasphemy, and it in no way takes Geno's down for what it is. A pioneer in the field of cheeseteaks with a history only perhaps one other restaurant can rival. That rivalry I am sure also adds to the legend. 
Still, 3 stars for the food. -Subject to change based on intoxication-Obnoxious lights. Pats steaks are so much better across the street. Long live King Pat Steaks!Take a picture there then leave. If you're unbelievably famished, then order the cheese fries.Geno's suffers from being over exposed and hyped, but really from a purely impartial standpoint, their steaks are above average.  I think the steak itself is a 3.5 star product, but their hot sauce earns a star just by itself.  It's one of the best (and spiciest restaurant hot sauces I've encountered).
Give it a shot, the hot sauce makes the steak twice as good.  Be forewarned to add it sparingly -- it is hella hot.  If you think of hot sauces on a scale of 1 to 10, where Frank's Red Hot is a 1.5 and Tabasco is a 3.  The Geno's hot sauce is a 7.Worst steak I've had in Philly. Cannot understand why anyone likes this place. The folks behind the counter are unfriendly at best and down right rude under normal conditions.
Food-wise, the steak was very bland. No salt/pepper. Cheese was like plastic. Way over priced for soggy, bland food. A real let down.
I took my wife here as she was new to Philly as a tourist treat and we were sorely disappointed. The best steak I've had thus far is the unknown joint up on Somerset and Broad, "Broad Street Steaks". So good you'll hurt yourself!
Leave this guy and his rude ways and get a real steak some place else.Since moving to Philly a few months ago, I had been avoiding going to either Pat's or Geno's due to the depressing reviews. But when our friend came to visit from overseas, I felt obligated to take her on her last night in town. Poor girl had never had a cheesesteak before.
Yeah.
Anyway, I forgot which one was the bigot, Pat or Geno, so we just rocked up to Geno's because Pat's had a bit of a line and Geno's had none. At the time it made perfect sense. 
I was going to tell my boyfriend how to order, but decided against it when I realized I didn't care. After ordering at the window, the gruff lady behind the counter translated it as "Wit Wiz" to no one in particular. A few minutes later another gruff lady slid open another window, thrust our cheesesteak out, slid the window shut. Boyfriend waved at her to get a drink and got one filled about 2/3 of the way with ice, which you know was exactly what we wanted for standing around in 30 F (before windchill) weather. 
The cheesesteak ($7.50? Really?) was utter garbage, and this from someone who's only had a cheesesteak twice before: once from the cart in front of the Liberty Bell Center, and another from some random fast food joint in California the week I found out we were moving to Philly. It's been almost a full 24 hours since I ate the thing (because after taking a few bites neither the boyfriend nor our visiting friend wanted anything to do with it, and I hate to waste food, or in this case, "food"), and I still feel the bread and cheese pressing down on my appendix.
Half way through abandoning me to my last meal on earth, the assholes decided they wanted to try Pat's instead. I was like, sure, if you help me finish this we can get a cheesesteak from Pat's. My friend rolled her eyes, the boyfriend hailed a cab, and that was the end of that.Geno's is superb, arguably the best in town.  Thick cut meat and fresh cheese.  But one thing... You gotta order it right or it's "no soup for you, back of the line" .   Order it like this.... Your cheese (Provolone, American, Whiz (cheez whiz) and with or without (onions) and you can get sauce with it as well. For example: "Provolone without" = Provolone cheese steak without onions.  Eat one of these before you black out drunk and you'll wake up feeling fine.Bread is ok. Rest of the sandwich is just not good; flavorless, messy (not in a good way), and tastes like it's made with poor quality ingredients. Go to Jim's on South Street for the best.Was told a bit about this spot by some of the locals! Was told this was THE place to go for a philly cheese steak when in Philly!  Maybe it was the hype that lead to the disappointment with the "Whiz wit Cheese"
The sand which was good but it was far from great! I think the one thing that even made this sandwich even just good was the bread roll that it was served on. 
Did not like that I had to go order a side of fries and my drink from a separate window after waiting in a long line to even order the sand which (they do a good job of keeping the lines moving tho) 
Overall just a decent spot and nothing more...it's a shame it doesn't live up to the hype.Pat's across the street is MUCH better. These are just sub par to ok not really worth the hype IMO.A girlfriend and I shared with me two steaks, one from Genos (American cheese steak) & one from pats (whiz cheese steak) and I actually liked Genos better! The whiz cheese was too overwhelming on the steak, couldn't taste the steak much. It's 50 cents less and better service! The cashier at pat's were bit rude bc we didn't know how to order. Lol. But the cashier from Genos were nice and friendly. I wouldn't go back to Pat's if I'm from Philly!Made the trip from CT primarily to taste the legends and make the comparison of the two proverbial giants of the Philly Cheesesteak scene, Geno's and Pat's. Did the classic 'Whiz Wit' at each and while neither was anything that absolutely blew me away in taste alone, I won't be driving past without stopping anytime soon. Nothing anyone else hasn't said or doesn't know, but busy, and 'heres-your-change-and-your-sandwich-see-ya' very quick service. No problem here as the food is the star. 
In the end, both worthy of the hype but no doubt there's still something better out there. No true discernable taste difference between the two, although the texture of the meat might make a difference to some if comparing the two. 
From the standalone perspective: great bread, meat good and tender but limited in taste, and Whiz is Whiz.  The combination works well and IMO that is why they're here. It'd be a regular stop if I lived anywhere close by.3 = really average.
I liked the wiz. Other than that, the sandwich was pretty blasé. 
Definitely overrated, although better than Pat's.  My comparison review: 
My comparison review of Genos v. Pats:
Despite their poor reviews on Yelp for being over priced, less than spectacular, and staffed by greasy men with the unique streak of arrogance borne of notoriety, we felt that experiencing the origins of the 'steak would be more rewarding than tracking down steakeries more highly regarded by the on-line community. 
So off to South Philly we ventured. We had been warned by other steak hunters that the area inhabited by the legendary steakeries was dilapidated and dangerous- so we were happily surprised to find them located in a vibrant community reminiscent of the San Francisco Mission (except with a lot less Latinos and a lot more Italians.) 
Arriving unmolested, we broke into teams to procure steaks from each of the shops (without out having to stand in both the long winding lines sequentially.) Our team went to Geno's, while Priscilla, Tammy and Sam went to Pat's to pick up our steaks. 
Geno's was interestingly decorated in photo's of the owner and his son posing with scantily-clad, skanky looking women and various celebs, as well as over the top pro-American propaganda and anti-immigrant rhetoric. 
I was warned by a woman in line that I must order our steaks with the whiz. Apparently it caused quite an uproar when John Kerry failed to order the traditional "South Philly," from Geno's- note that Pat's doesn't serve the whiz, so apparently the style only represents the north corner of the intersection, rather than all of South Philly.
When I returned to our seats, team 2 had already procured our steaks from Pats. Apparently some confusion had occurred during ordering, and we now had in our possession 7 steaks- 4 from Pats, and 3 from Genos. 
Both steaks were pretty basic- thin strips of steak with onions on bland French rolls; Pat's came with the traditional Provolone and Geno's with the aforementioned Cheese Whiz.
I started by eating one half of a Pat's steak. It was decent, but uninspiring. Several members of the expedition complained that Pat's Steaks were too dry. While not overly moist, I didn't share their concern; however the flavor was lacking in my opinion. Pat's Steaks were very bland in flavor, reminding me of my own creations before I got down with Montreal seasoning and fresh garlic. The cheese was also lacking in flavor. 
Next, I moved onto a Geno's steak, with the Whiz. I was intrigued by the flavor and consistency of the Whiz; the steak was juicier than Pat's and the Whiz and grease mixed into thin cheese-gravy that soaked the otherwise bland roll. The meat was similarly bland to that of Pat's, but the flavor of the Whiz compensated for the most part. 
I ended up consuming about 2.5-3 steaks in various portions in the sitting, as a excess had been ordered and various members of the expedition were unable to complete their missions, so I feel that I am qualified to end the age old debate as to who makes the best Cheese Steak:
Consensus amongst the group was that Geno's made the better steak of the two, but Geno's lost points due to the quasi-racist vibe, and at least 1 member of the expedition didn't care much for the Whiz. If we had spent more than a single night in Philly, we would have undoubtedly searched for less famous, but more delectable competition, but unfortunately we left the City of Brotherly love disappointed by the over-hyped, over-rated 'steaks. 
Mike's Ratings: (On a scale from 1-5, 5 being perfect and 1 being inedible.)
Cheese Steak Shop: 4.5-5 (Great tasting, but pretty expensive. I require a 15' to fully satisfy my hunger)
Geno's: 3-3.5 (Tasty, also too damn expensive) 
Pat's: 2.5-3 (Very bland, I can do better at home.)
Vanessa's Ratings:
Cheese Steak Shop: 5 ("Yummy!")
Geno's: 3.5 ("I wouldn't go out of my way to stand in that line & he's racist.")
Pat's: 2 ("It was too dry.")
I didn't care much for Geno's arrogance either.I liked the bread  better then at the place across the street.  I liked that the steak was in larger pieces.  I liked that the wit were nice big chunks.  The wiz wasn't as wizzy as I would have liked, the other place might win there.  My wife likes the other place, I tend to think Geno's win.  The quest for the perfect cheesesteak continues.
Cash only.  $2 soda, a lil cheaper then across the street.  Brighter lit up at night.Another great option for a cheesesteak in Philly. Nothing fancy, but certainly delicious. Pat's is my place, but Geno's is certainly good as well.Why? I mean I can now say I've gotten an actually philly cheesesteak and it's just sadly disappointing. With wiz or without whatever it's really just kind of sad. Particularly for when it's almost 10 bucks and parking is a bitch. I ended up going somewhere else to eat another cheesesteak (not Pat's) in the same night, just to get the taste out of my mouth basically.Geno's is awesome! It is so clean, fast and delicious! Our food was fresh. The place is super clean. And the Staff was great!Geno's is a tourist attraction, not a true Philly cheesesteak joint. They are tossing meat on a roll and charging $9.50 to out of town folks looking for an "experience". The steaks are simply not good. 
Ride over to Tony Luke's for an authentic Philly cheesesteak. The place is less crowded and the food is so much better. The cheesesteaks are made to order, the rolls have a perfect crust. Just as I remembered when I lived here 20 years ago.Go else where for a cheesesteak. There are better options. The regular sandwich has a so-so bun and the meat was dry.
The fries were average. 
Overrated; went there based on the name only. Go else where.It's the classic Philly Cheesesteak! What more can you say. Ya gotta go! I can't decide between here and Pat's they're both damn good and pretty similar. Go to both. You decide!Love cheesesteaks here!!!!! I like how they cut their meat thin slice and easy to chew, it was tender and love onions was cook on the point. 
 The only thing is their service wasn't friendly!!!!Have done a taste test between this and pats twice. I would have to say that meat is by far more lean and the bread rocks over their direct competitors. Always a line though - for good reason of course.Yeah we liked Geno's. We liked em at 3:30 am in our Hotel room when "daddy" went out to get us one after a long evening. So kinda funny I went to Geno's on the GPS from our airport hotel because Geno's showed up as open 24 hrs on the google search, and they were open. Pat's also looked open, more on that in a second.
Anyways I got us a American, without, and the idea was to stroll over to Pat's also and take her back one of those as well.
We loved the Geno's, the meat is not fine chopped, which I like fine chopped, but the Geno's rolling ear style cut is still good, the bread was awesome, kinda hard but it was still soft!
The cheese was good. I would like to get a few more of these down my belt, and the girlfriend liked it too. 24 hours is awesome, good deal.
 Anyways about crossing the street, it was 3 am so I got my Geno's and I kinda tucked it to the left thinking maybe the guy's at Pat's didn't see me stop at Geno's and get all offended by the double dipping, but them waiting on an after ego crush wasn't even the case at Pat's because they were cleaning the grill. At least that's what they told me, I like to concoct a story that they were offended I picked Geno's first, but I'm allowed to do that, this is my head. That would be pretty cool if it was like that, my girlfriend and I were throwing our voices all night and the next a.m. playing make believe vocals of some "tommy yelling about how dare this mf'er go there first and then come to us after, nope f- that guy!" or" that guys just got with us and now he's going over there"
Day after we did do Pat's but took a picture for our Geno's review then also since we didn't snap pictures of the actual steak the night before!
Check out my other reviews for other steak places in Philadelphia during our stay!Nope. Geno's just doesn't hold a candle to Pat's. Maybe it's the bread (it tastes really chewy) or the sign that says "This is America, please speak English" and "I want my country back," but it just doesn't do it for me like Pat's does. Who would have thought a grandchild of Italian immigrants would be so intolerant? Just head across the street to Pat's for a really good Philly cheesesteak experience, minus the hypocrisy.I should've listened to all the local fellow yelpers on this one... BUT, we wanted to do our own "FOOD FEUD" and started with Geno and then went to Pats...  I probably would've given them a higher rating had we not enjoyed a departure cheesesteak at Carmen's (Reading Market!).  Between Geno and Pat - Geno won for us - the bread was fresh and tasty and the meat (skimpy) was not as greasy as Pat.  It packs a crowd (both establishments), but as a fellow yelper pointed out - it definitely is the tourist trap appeal.  Taste around the city folks, you WILL find a cheesesteak that makes Philly proud!I don't care what anyone says, the steaks here are fabulous. The staff isn't the friendliest but its Philadelphia for gods sakes! A true landmark.Yuck. This place was so full of racist and ethnically hostile political signs against immigrants that I couldn't even bring myself to buy a cheesesteak from them, but I have tasted their steaks.  They're not very goodl.  I'm never going back to the place...
When I first moved to Philly 5 years ago, a few friends from NYC visited and wanted to try Pat's and Geno's.  They're across the street from each other.  They seem like mostly tourist places.  At that point, I had never tried either.  Most of my friends ordered steaks at Geno's first, because it's the first place we encountered on our walk there.  So, I waited in line with my friends (prepared to order my own), but was shocked by all the extremely prejudiced and ethnically/racially hostile signs all over the place.  Seriously, I'm embarrassed this is a celebrated Philadelphia "establishment," we should all be embarrassed about that type of "in your face" prejudice.  The people working behind the counter also seemed rude, so I went across the street to Pat's and picked up a cheesesteak.  
On the upside, Pat's wasn't full of offensive signs.  But both steaks were comparable, and not that great. 
Now I know that Jim's on South St. and Steve's Prince of Steaks in NorthEast Philly are the best classic cheese steaks in Philly.  If you want a good cheesesteak, try Jim's or Steve's: They're much better (delicious) cheesesteaks.  Plus, you won't be supporting that kind of blatant prejudice!Only thing cool about this place is the lighted signs. This place always has shorter lines than Pat's because the cheesesteak is not as good. It's by no means bad, but it's not that great. Cheese fries are not that great either. Plus the staff is EXTREMELY rude and they have racist signs posted on the walls discouraging immigrants and others who can't speak english. Are you friggin kidding me??? your parents/grandparents ancestors aren't immigrants from Italy?? Avoid this place, it blows.Total tourist trap.  Super expensive steak ummmm on limp bread.  Not Philly's best steak by a long shot.  Go someplace else.Over price and over rated. Customer service is not the same as 15 years ago.  An employee at geno told me to get a cup from pats since I was holding a pats bag.  My friend and I eat from both places and never pats ever blew me off... I think they forgot where they came from.fuck this place...bad food and bad service.   fuck the all the minimum wage workers that work there cuz they all got bad attitudes.More of a 2.5, but I rounded up. As I'm sitting here in PHL eating a philly cheesesteak  (shout-out to Jet Rock Bar & Grill in terminal D!) I can't say I'm deriving any less satisfaction from it than the one I had from Geno's. 
The cheesesteak at Geno's is by no means NASTY, but c'mon, this is supposed to be Philly's best? The rainbow colored neon signs that we saw 5 blocks away showed promise (Pat's, you've gotta work on the decor, your place looks downright morbid compared to Geno's fluorescent faux-Vegas lights and like a flying insect I was inexplicably drawn to it) but the sandwich left something to be desired. Everything was just so.. average. Probably a little bit on the bland side, even. I don't know, I think I'd rather have a cheesesteak from Charley's at the mall. 
p.s. Mean workers :( and shady-lookin' neighborhood.If I wanted an armpit wit cheese, I would ask for it. But you can't. You have to order in a "special" ;-) language, or else! Heavs forbid someone taint their holy earholes with a friendly "Hola, neccessito mucho queso adicional, para mi pinga!"I guess it depends on what you are looking for. Personally i am a fan of ishkabibbles on south street.I cringed just giving this place one star! It is crap! The cheesesteak was dry! My meet was cold and every slice of meet was trimmed in loads of fat! They're robbing tourists with this crap sandwich which costs a whopping $10! Do yourself a favor and stay away! Subway's steak sandwich is better! And.. if you want to know what a really good steak sandwich is like, come down to New Orleans and try a roast beef poboy.... that is how it's done!Geno's & Pat's may have a notable history and role in what they've done for our City, but lets not kid ourselves here...these are seriously the worst cheesesteaks you can get in Philly.  They've become the fast-food version of a great sandwich, like a steak shop equivalent of McDonald's and Burger King, right across the street from each other. If you're in a pinch, they'll do, as they're the only places (that I know of) that are open 24 hours. But much better sandwiches can be had elsewhere.Very very long line. I don't really see what the fuss is about these places. There are total tourist traps but you have to try at least once. Genos cheese steak was better put together. The meat is one piece with cheese, peppers and mushrooms but it was lacking the flavor Pat's had. But Pat's was a lot messier and harder to eat. You do have to eat them both right away because the bread gets saggy really easyWell, in the great debate... we were Pat's fans over Geno's. Trying the wiz, peppers & onions the meat quality was less appealing than Pat's and there was too much cheese.
We also tried the cheese fries, which were a good addition. They were hot & crispy which made them enjoyable.First place we visited in our own 3 cheesesteak morning tour in mid-December.  They finished second.  With that said, you should definitely try both them and Pat's just to see what you like.  My wife and I split one at each.  Geno's was fine, but we preferred the bread better at Pat's.  If you're a tourist, I don't see having to pick one place, unless maybe you are a midget traveling solo.  We got there at 10AM on a Sunday morning in December and there was no line.  Sat down for 10 minutes in our jackets and enjoyed the heck out of out sandwich, then crossed the street and did the same at Pat's.  This would be my recommendation.  Unlike some, we will not hold Geno's accountable for the 18 degree weather, I'm thinking this is out of their control.
Also, a lot of comments are critical of the cash only.  This isn't Peter Luger's, my wife and I spent $10, maybe you get two so now you're up to $20 - you don't have $20?  If so, there may be bigger issues here than Geno's perfectly clear cash policy.
Unlike some, we didn't find the staff rude.  My wife and I completely New York'ed our order, just told them what we wanted and left out the wit' or wit' out wording.  The ordering instructions are pretty clear, we messed up, but we still got our sandwich with no attitude.  And even if there is a slight attitude folks, it's not like you're asking about the nose on a '04 cab, it's an order window.
And one more thing, just to address a fellow Yelper's comment - "Next, no indoor seating or covered seating".  Do they advertise indoor seating?  Do you research before you go?  How is this Geno's fault?  Also, there is a giant awning covering a number of the outdoor tables, look at any picture.  Were you maybe at some-sort of Phily cheesesteak cart?  Did you not look up?  You want to knock the food, even though most of us are not food critics, Yelp gives us the avenue to do that.  But what's annoying is when things that the Yelper clearly screwed up are being held against the establishment.  
Even though we preferred the cheesesteak better at Pat's, as someone that works at the World Trade Center, I respect the 9/11 patch they had on the outside of the place.  There is an intense rivalry between New York and Philly when it comes to sports, it's cool to see that when all that bullshit ends, we're on the same team.  So they get four stars as well.We added a trip to Gino's after seeing it featured on Man vs. Food and we were so glad we did. We drove all the way from Boston to take part in the duel with Pat's Steaks across the way. Best looking Steak n Cheese I have ever had. Sad to say that Gino passed away 5 days after we made our trek. I'm glad I was able to make the trip and meet Gino. RIP GinoI trudged through snow-covered streets on my last day in Philadelphia to get to this place and as soon as I took a bite into my cheesesteak, I was disappointed.
The meat is not of great quality and there was not a lot of it for the price tag ($9).  I also had a birch beer, which tasted fine.
Note to those who have never been there:  the seating is only outdoors so if you are going in the wintertime, like myself (what was I thinking?), you must brave the cold while eating a sub-par sandwich.
I really wanted to like this place, I made it a point to get there before I left but I was not that impressed.
I've had better cheesesteaks from northern NJ pizzerias.First off, i'm glad to see the reviews have come down on this place.  I remember looking a few years ago when i was first going to do the philly cheesesteak thing and being pretty excited.  Same review below as for Pat's, since they are just the same sh*t, different toilet.
Complete trash.  If you've ever eaten a cheesesteak in your life, avoid this place.  Just a tourist trap and hype machine.  Quizno's makes a much better cheesesteak.  In the question of pat's vs geno's, the answer is, who f*cking cares?  They both suck.  Went here 2 years ago with my brother.  Needless to say, i was excited, cuz i love food and heard so much about these two places.  I took a bite, looked at him, and started laughing.  Same with geno's, though.  I figured maybe i was mistaken, so i have gone back every time i've gone to philly for a concert or something (live in DC).  Nope.  Eaten here three or four times.  Wish i had my $30 back, so i could buy a grenade and blow the two places up.
Maybe if i was blackout drunk.Yikes.  I only recently returned to Geno's after a LONG time just to give it one more go before getting the junk out of my diet (yeah right).  I was disappointed to say the least.  What I remember as a kid was replaced with a luke warm, chewy roll with hardly any meat.  The fries were kind of in the same boat.  The cheese was also semi-warm and you could tell the fries were sitting out for some time.  I guess I should know better but I was still willing to give it a go.  The crazy part was that it wan't crowded nor too late in the night.  I guess I'll have to go elsewhere should the steak craving return because both corners have been a disappointment.This place sucked .. Don't believe the hype... I tried both and pats is way better then Geno's .but I will never come from ny for either again. I make better at home . What a let downI was in the area and decided to stop in and try a cheesesteak.  I was not really impressed with what I got.  The bread was a little too chewy for my liking.  The meat was decent, but kind of dry.  I did order the sandwich with provolone, so that might have been a factor for the dryness.  This place is definitely worth a try due to the history, but that is about all.I came here and then tried Pat's afterwards for a taste test. Both are about the same price for a cheese steak, $9.
It is a good size here, about 9 inches. However, the sandwich was a disappointment. The meat itself was very bland. The bread was also too thick. I threw away a piece of the sandwich before I finished it.
A couple other observations that are not necessarily good or bad: They put more onions here than Pat's and the cheese whiz is more watery.As a native Philadelphian who has been eating cheesesteaks for nearly 40 years, I find it hard to believe that anyone could think Geno's is anything more than a tourist trap glomming off its location near Pat's.  The taste ans texture of the meat is inferior, the whiz is often not properly stirred so as to lead to inconsistency, the fries are often lukewarm and not properly crisp.  Save your time and money and go elsewhere.***TOURIST TRAP***
I was a tourist, saw the familiar sign, and HAD to see what all the fuss was about. After about 45 minutes of waiting in a line around the corner I order my cheesesteak with whiz. Immediately I think "Thats all?". Kinda small, not much meat, a little bland. Theres an hour of my life I'll never get back... YOU OWE ME GENO!!! I know Pat's across the street may be a trap too, but their sandwich is bigger, about $.50 cheaper, looks better, and the line is shorter. Just saying...Really??? So disappointed. I have scene this place on TV for so many years. I have eaten " Philly  cheese steaks" waiting for the original. The meat was skimpy and had little flavor. If this is the best Philly has to offer then i feel bad!!If you love your friends, family and your children.. please do not bring them here.
Dry sliced beef, chewy roll and a bit overpriced for the quality.
I feel sorry for you all who never taste a better cheese steak.
Genos or Pat's... get a better cheese steak somewhere else.
Or save money and get your cheese steak from your corner Chinese take-out restaurantwww.steakumm.com/steaks.htmHad some Pat's and immediately walked across to Geno's to compare. Gotta give to to Geno's by a nose but I prefer the classic feel of Pat's.This was my 1st Philly cheesesteak ever.  It was decent. I asked was was most popular and ordered that.  Ultimately, there was nothing "special" about it to me.  The meat lacked flavor.  Overall it was just, "meh."In the Pat's VS Geno's debate I'm going to have to pick Geno's.  Bread was better and steak tasted better. 
Neither one will win an award for customer service, but Geno's has a better wrapper and indie seats with AC if you want to eat inside.  If i ever come back to Philly I'll go to Geno's.My son and I made this first time trip to this iconic steak place. We ordered 1 sandwich and split it because we planned on sharing a sandwich at Pat's as well. As I have read, for an iconic place, I would have expected a bigger sandwich with some more meat as well. The sandwich with the cheese tasted great. We got this sandwich without onions because my son does eat them but we really enjoyed it. The 10.00 price is not bad. I bet people would be willing to pay more if the sandwich was bigger.
I would definitely come back again.
The downfalls are: Parking is difficult, like Brooklyn, they only take cash and no bathrooms.  We went into a local bar to use bathrooms. The bartender said we had to make a purchase so my son had a 5.00 shot. Not bad if you have to go!! The place was crowded so these downfalls obviously do not keep people away. I think the rules about knowing how to order keep the line moving quicker. If you get up to the window and do not know how to order, you will be responsible for backing up customers behind you.
Read the rules and you will be fine.Been want to come here since the mid 1970's.  Tried Pat's also.  For me it was too greasy and not enough cheese but it was tasty.  I know these are tourist traps these days but don't care!Was dragged here while the group I visited Philadelphia with was sightseeing.
I ordered the cheese fries and I feel like I could have done a better job by buying fries from mcdonalds and dumping cheese wiz on it.
Not to mention the xenophobic "speak english" signs are ridiculous also the staff was incredibly rude.
I think "regional food" is nonsensical but if you want to get the philly cheesesteak I'd recommend going to Pat's especially if you're a minority who has the audacity to have English as a second language.Way better than their competition across the street! Make sure to get the whiz! We tried both sandwiches and thought the bread was way better at Geno's. It was great!Great steaks. Good atmosphere. Always go here when I'm in town especially for a sports game before or after the game. Customer service is friendly. Thank you geno's for a great steak "whiz w/"I stopped in for Philly cheesesteak sandwiches and ate at both pat's and geno's. I liked geno's better. Not sure if it was because I tried cheese wizz here and American at pat's. Either way I enjoyed the experience at both locations.I can't even begin to explain the love I have for this place.  I love ketchup.  I put it on everything.  Not this cheese steak.  I can honestly say it is made to absolute perfection.  It is juicy and the meat is just so flavorful.  Its amazing.  I wouldn't even call it drunk food because I can easily eat it when I'm sober.  I think I can eat it every day.  I just finished my cheese steak.  I bought it last night and I picked some up for my friends in North NJ and they were like damn this is a good cheese steak.  I just had to let everyone know that this IS that spot.I just don't get it why people are so crazy about this philly cheese steak. I won't mind the line and the jammed pack intersection. It reminds me of the philly cheese steak at a bad food court.Came here on business and decided to try Geno's.  I'm sad to report that I left very unimpressed and disappointed!
The meat had almost no flavor at all. The portions of meet and "wiz" (cheese wiz) weren't anything like I saw when I saw a show on cable about them vs. Pat's.
I have to say that the cheese steak sandwiches back in CA at Jersey Mike's or Philly's Best blow away these in every way.
It was a fun stop while here but I'm going to head over to Tony's tomorrow and see if they are much better like I've read all over online.Today a group of four tried 3 different well renown cheesesteak places; Pat's, Geno's, and Jim's. Jim's was the best of the three that we tried. The cheesesteaks were larger and better than Pat's. Geno's and Pat's had outdoor seating. Geno's (2nd) had thicker slices and seem to marinate their meat. Jim's (1st) had a huge wait in the line but was way worth it. Great cheesesteaks.From San Francisco and it's true...I had never had a Philly Cheesesteak until I came here.  We were going to go to Pat's, but the line was far too long so we made the mistake of coming here.  So the experts ordered for me and I had a sandwich with meat, "wiz", and onions.  Wiz tastes like bad nacho cheese sauce.  Gross.  So I slathered mine in terribly hot sauce that should be labeled "Lethal" since only then was it bearable.  It did make the BF look like he was going to die while he gagged repeatedly.  At least I got free entertainment.  I only managed to eat a few bites before a friend finished mine.  My stomach hurt all day long the next day and I had to put up with the BF and his gnar gnar gas attacks.  
The only good thing was the cheese fries, which I will give one star for since these were DELICIOUS!  The cheese did not taste the same as the "wiz" sauce, but who knows, maybe it was.When you think of Cheese Steak think of Geno's Steaks in Philadelphia . I would come in on the 2 o'clock train just to have a sandwich here before my girlfriend got out of class at Penn. Later that evening while she was asleep I would go and get another sandwich. Cheese Steaks are better than cuddling. 
Do not order fries with it, this is not a hamburger. Think of it as an Italian American gift to the world similar to the Burrito in California.I'm a local guy and took some friends over to Geno's and Pats to get their cheesesteak fix.  
First off - decor:  Pats has stepped up their game, but Genos still looks better.  
Second  - cheesesteak:  Genos has better cuts of meat, but they don't slice it up and isn't enough meat for what you pay for.  The bread is ok - wasn't as crispy as Pats.  Must get whiz on the steak!
Third - fries:  the fries are much better over at Pats. 
You can try both, but I would go to Pats.really nothing special about this place or the sandwiches      Not bad but I really don't understand the hype
add in the long lines and piss poor service with the tons of tacky pictures of who must be Geno with celebrities and it left me a little angry that I ate here
or
maybe it was all the somewhat racist stickers all 
I did like their sandwich better than Pat's thoughPretty good. Way better than Denver. I like Pat's better. It's meatier and they use real Cheez wiz. The meat has something Pat's doesn't. I can't put my figure out what it is. It is a little better here. The service is terrible. They are both fun and a good visit. Best in town is Sonny's.I loved my Geno's experience so much that I have a picture of my boyfriend and I outside of ithe glorious bright shack on my cell phone that I look at everyday!  
I loved how they were so thin, easy to eat, and not particularly as messy as you  may expect.  I love mine with whiz and onions... and some ketchup!
The people working there have no patience for people who don't know what they want or don't know how  to order  (1 whiz with!) so be ready!!!!  The line always seemed to wrap around the building but movied really quick.
I haven't tried Pat's so I can not compare it as most do to them... perhaps I will need to try it on my next trip to Philly so I can.You definitely can't go wrong with ordering the Wiz Cheesesteak sandwich! It was great!! The down side is that its cash only but there are some ATM's nearby. In my opinion, the place is a bit touristy but it's been open for many decades so that wasn't a shocker. This is definitely a place to try if you're visiting!I don't know what I expected when all my Lyft drivers said no one from Philly goes here. But you have to go because of Rocky and all the TV show hype, right?
Haha... It looks like a cheesesteak. It feels like one in your hand. The bread is fantastic, but once you bite into it...
The raw onions are unpleasant, but surprisingly the most enjoyable part of the ensemble. The cheese whiz - I don't know how to describe it, tastes funky even for processed cheese. And the steak - I don't know what that is. I'm not against long strips of meat - I think that's a great idea. But when it's been overcooked for god knows how long on the flat top, it's drier than jerky and not in a good way. 
I suppose this is something I would never know without experiencing. But I suppose there's a reason why the tables were empty with no line in the middle of dinner time.When I went to Geno's for my battle of the cheesesteaks, and I caught my first glance of their hoagie, I was a little taken back. What is this? A steakum sandwich??
But just as my local friend had stated, Geno's is the goto. And despite it looking different then any cheesesteak I've ever had, the flavor was on point! Whiz with was a taste of heaven.This place is so over rated  the steak was cold as were the fries, the cheese wasn't salty and the water bottles have the guys face on it -____-. I don't care if you have the largest billboard or brightest sign of the food is no good then the food is no good, sorry.Its a basic Philly Cheesesteak...BUT I gotta say...Pats wins for me.
The bread is good. and so are the fries, but...I prefer to go somewhere else now.
I guess I can be a bit more touristy and try Tony Lukes.
I kind of rather try a hole in the wall spot....or stay in NY and grab a cheesexteak in the city would work too. 
They're good but nothing special, although its fun to have the "Yoooo lets go to Philly and get cheesesteaks mini road trip"
I'd rather wait on the line across the street, just sayin!We drove to Philadelphia to try both Geno's and Pat's Philly Steak sandwich as we were ordering from Geno's, the cashier notice the bag from Pat's. She said, hey you guys went to Pat's.  Lol..
We wanted to try them both. My husband thinks Geno's has more favor and I think Pat's has more favor, anyways they both are good.I get the hype and what not but I regret wasting my last meal on Genos. Aside from the staff being way beyond rude, their cheesesteak is not even that good! Seriously I've had way better. The line is definitely not worth it. You have to put your own mayo on the cheesesteak and there is zero flavor. By the time I got my cheesesteak it was cold. Wouldn't go back nor would I recommend it.We only came to Philly for a quick day and were highly recommended by several people to check out Genos. We were craving authentic Philly cheesesteak sandwiches and went in with high expectations. The slightly older lady working the window was not the friendliest and messed up my order. I ordered a mushroom steak cheesesteak and I heard her yell out to the cooks "With Mushrooms"... And I paid the $10+/ sandwich (which isn't bad if it's worth it) I thought it was a little weird I had to go to another window to purchase fries and drinks, but ok. Cheese fries were fantastic! When we got the sandwiches, mine was missing the mushrooms but no big deal, I just took it back up to let them know. The lady wasnt happy about it and then told me she didn't charge me for it originally. Anyways after getting everything settled my husband and I were both greatly dissapointed with the outcome. The bread was delicious but the meat didn't have any taste and there wasn't much meat in it. The mushrooms were slimy and probably out of a can. I guess we just went in with too high of expectations. We have better Phily cheesesteak places in California.Fat Peter rating system. 
as follows: 
STARS- standard yelp
CHANCE I WILL BE BACK- NO
Why I went  -famous. why not
they a little better then pats they don't chop their steak.  standard cheesesteak i've had better 
Foods done.... lets move on 
GENO STEAK is a sonofabitch.  he is a racist with his political rants and bull "speak english"  he runs a public place and he should take that stuff down.  I will never eat there again. racist KKK bastard.  FREEDOM Fries ... WHITE piece of pasta eating big mouth trash.  
don't you dare take this down cause he has the signs up at restaurant I can put this up.  
oh and cheesesteak was okay goto other place I reviewed.. have a nice dayWhy is the cash only sign at the register instead of where the line begins? Spent an hour in line, to walk across the street and pull cash from the ATM, then back to the end of the line to spend another hour waiting.My family and I had decided to take on the Pat's vs. Geno's challenge. In my opinion, I liked the flavor of the steak and cheese better at Geno's than Pat's. However, the large sign saying "this is America, order in English" was the most ignorant thing I've ever seen in a large city such as Philadelphia. We live in America, a diverse beautiful country and we should not tolerate such distasteful humor.Love this place.  Best Cheesesteaks and cheese fries!  Remember to bring cash because they don't accept credit cards and order in English or you won't be able to order :) "I'm an American so I order in English"I drove from NY to try the Philly cheese steaks with whiz (also stopped at Pat's).  After having them (both Geno's and Pat's) I wouldn't drive down the street for them, let alone for two hours. There was nothing remarkable about these sandwiches (other than the hype and cost).In a word - WOOF.
If you want to do the tourist thing - this is the cheesesteak for you. It's got wayyy too much gristle on it and it looks like Las Vegas. Plus, they don't even chop their steak correctly. Out of this hole or Pat's- I would go with Pat's. These are just underwhelming and not good at all. 
I assume their fame came from the giant lights and the rivalry with Pat's, but I don't like it here AT ALL. I also don't like their stance on the whole son of Italian immigrants posting a "Speak English" sign.
Bottom Line: Go to John's Roast Porkcheesesteaks arent my thing but this place was okay... 
the wait in the cold, the cash only, and the xenophobia of this  place 
aren't worth what you get and especially what youre paying for.When deciding which of these powerhouses they prefer, I think it makes sense that people tend to favor the one they tried first. Unless you alternate bites from one and then the other in order to get as unbiased an opinion as possible, you're probably going to eat an entire hoagie first and then try the other one. And in that case, you would favor the first hoagie since that's the one you ate when you were really hungry.
Well, through no fault of Geno's (except maybe for providing too clean and bright an atmosphere), I tried Pat's first and then walked over to Geno's.  
It's been years since I was there, but I do remember favoring the meat at Geno's just slightly more than the meat at Pat's. Other than that though, I thought the bread and cheese were better at Pat's. I know it's strange (and perhaps just wrong) to judge a cheesesteak by something other than the actual steak, but hey, like I said, Pat's was first and so it shall hold the edge in my heart.
But if I'm ever in Philadelphia again, I'll try Geno's first to even the playing field and we'll see what happens. Either way, they both blow any other cheesesteaks here out of the water. 
WIZ BABY, WIZ!What was once a past favorite is now an over-hyped tourist trap. Lines get really long, mostly due to its attractive lights and its mural of celebrity encounters. The cheesesteaks are warm at best, the beef was sliced and had no flavor what so ever, the provolone cheese wasn't melted, and the onions were raw. That's pretty much everything you can do to ruin a cheesesteak. Not to mention the service is horrible, they're rude and they look down on customers that can't speak English well. The fries are decent but if you want a more satisfying cheesesteak, just go across the street to Pat's.
If this review hasn't deterred you enough to not want to try Geno's, then bring cash because they don't accept credit. Similar to Pat's, covered seating is available outdoors.Only 2 stars for Geno.  Why??
The service was not very fast at all.  It was just as busy as it was across the street at Pat's but we waited...and waited...
My friend then said to me "the line at Pat's moved faster...", just as Geno himself (or whatever that guys name is) was walking by.  He told us we would wait a little mlonger but the quality of the prodcut would be much better.  We both disagreed.
1) No mushrooms.  What?!  No mush...what the...grrrrr
2) Steak was less greasy, which would normally be good - but I was at Geno's not Fresh City...git that fat in my belleh....
the sandwich itself was clearly larger than Pats - which was good, but all in all the taste just wasn;t all it was cracked up to be.  I stand by my theory that you can get a comparable 'steak and cheese' at many places outside of philly...Cool place to go to in S. Philly. Cheesesteak was good but I think TV over hypes the food. Yet would still return and take visitors.Just another tourist trying what i believed would be an authentic cheesesteak; boy was i wrong! Lady at counter told another customer to get out of line by saying "does anyone else know what they actually want?" Charged me for the more expensive hoagie, not a cheesesteak. I was refused a refill even though i had half a cup of drink and half ice. Worst service ever. Think they are too famous to lose business. Waste of 16$ (drink sandwich and fries for 1 person).We came here and tried head to head with the other place across the street and I must say it did not hold up yo the king.  I now it's all about personal preference so you got to figure it out on your own.  I will say that I am not a fan of thin sliced meat and the onions were not good at all.  Next time it's to the other side.It's part of a to do list that has failed... bland cold and never again... on the good note we know we won't miss out on anything here again... we left here and I'm glad I split one and had enough space to try another place... only making it more obvious that it sucked... #neveragainMe and my boyfriend were on our way back from Pittsburgh and decided to re route to try the famous "Philly" cheesesteaks. We couldn't decide on which spot to choose from (Genos or Pats) so we got one cheese steak from both places and split each one. I have to say, I was very disappointed with Geno's cheese steak. With all those lights, you would think their cheese steak would hold up to it's store front appearance. The cheese steak was cold, the provolone cheese wasn't even melted! It had no flavor really, had to add ketchup to make it better. Pat's on the other hand was awesome!! Their cheese steak was piping hot and loaded with steak and cheese wiz!!! It was flavorful and juicy! For those of you having trouble choosing, Pat's is definitely the way to go. Sometimes, less is more ;) 
My boyfriend and I both wish we each had gotten a whole cheese steak from Pat's. Well, there's always next time!Not as good at Pat's. The diffrence is Pat's caramelizes the onions and Geno's was almost raw.  Both places were rude in trying to order.Pats vs Geno's... Pat's by far. The provolone cheesesteak sandwich was very dry and bland. The meat was flavorless.I'm not a cheesesteak expert.  I loved every cheesesteak I tried in Philly.  This one was good because the line moved really quickly.Despite this place being overrated, I came here with an open mind & I actually enjoyed it!
I didn't have time to look at the many displays of signs, photos, etc. 
I ordered a whiz with & cheese fries!
I do agree the cheesesteak wasn't as good as Philip's but the cheesefries were AWESOME!
So the cheesesteak, I didn't enjoy the bread as much, not enough onions, but the meat was pretty good. It wasn't as juicy as Philip's :(
The cheese fries were good! The fries were perfect and the cheese made it even better. 
Service wasn't as friendly as Philip's for sure. HmmmMy first Philly cheese steak, I was a little underwhelmed. It was good, but I won't go out of my way for it again. The service with a frown I assume is a Philly thing.So after living in NJ my whole life, I finally made the trip to Geno's. This place does not live up to the hype at all. The food was not cooked fresh. We ordered and were given our food like 30 seconds later. So basically they have food just hanging out waiting to be placed on a roll. That does not sound appetizing at all.  The sandwich was not horrible, but not good. There was like 2 pieces of meat on the roll, and mostly uncooked onions. Oh and I wasn't aware, but they don't cut the steak like a typical cheese steak. It's more or less like a slab of meat.  The roll itself was ok. Most of the staff appeared to be annoyed. Maybe they are tired of working for a tourist attraction. Who knows. I will probably never go back here. Oh and I almost forgot, the minute we went to sit down, some older guy who claims that he worked there was trying to bum cigarettes from people. -__-I ordered the whiz wit and it was good. Meat was tender and juicy. Everything is in perfect proportion (except the meat). I wish they could put some more meat in there.This is a MUST stop if you are in town!!! Open 24/7... clean fast and the food is amazing.  The owner Geno is a great guy. Enjoy :)Go to Pat's - it's just right across the street. At Geno's, the beef got cold real fast and the bread was semi-warm. The thing was so thin too. Pat's fills each sandwich with tons of hot beef with whiz that doesn't run! I'm stunned at the difference. The cheesesteak didn't taste bad, it was just colder and 1/2 the size of a Pat's. Oh, and one more thing... if you get a side of fries here, you WILL be disappointed. Pat's fries aren't soggy and are crispy and hot. I don't have anything to gain by promoting Pat's - just being honest.We made a special detour to Geno's based on it's online reputation...and what a disappointment!  You know something's up when the person who greets you at the window is rude with a negative attitude!  
But, we overlooked that, afterall...that guy may just be having a bad day.
But then the sandwich was passed to us.  The steak was DRY, and tasted like a flavorless roast beef sandwich.  There was nothing on the sandwich expect cheese melted into the bread (i.e. so you can barely taste it, and the meat remained dry), and a few onions.  We had to add tons of relish, ketchup and mustard just to choke down this dry sandwich.  
What a disappointment!  
Genos is a place that is riding on the coat-tails of a past good reputation (probably when there was less competition, or when their was less arrogance and better service/food being served!)  Total waste of time...and wish we would have gone across the street to the other cheese steak place instead!Barely better than Pat's in my opinion. Bread was actually warm. Meat was tender enough and flavor was ok, and I went with the cheesewhiz. And well cheesewhiz is... cheesewhiz. Fake, melted, way too salty cheese-like sauce.
Not what my dreams and expectations of what a true Philadelphia cheesesteak would taste like. But still, between my beau and I, in our mini cheesesteak throwndown, Geno's was better overall. However, the criteria for winning this mini throwdown was basically deciding which is less crappy.
And holy crap, what a bigot the owner is (presumably, Geno). He had stickers/signs/posters posted saying great things like, "You're in AMERICA, order in ENGLISH", along with other pretty obvious stabs at Latino immigrants, including a border control picture depicting Mexican immigrants as chihuahuas.
I'm assuming that his background is of Italian descent, so to be oblivious enough to ignore how your family came from another country to find their "American Dream" and bash how Latinos are doing it today is just downright ignorant.
Best part? This past year he won some kind of "Best Tea Party Member" award.
Should have ordered in Spanish. 
So obviously, I'm never going there again.Geno's... Oh you mean the giant bug light and mess at 9th & Passayunk?  Skip it there are much better cheesesteaks in the city.  The locals don't go to Pat's or Geno's but if your going to go... I vote Pat's!Sandwich was really good. Bread was more firm and less doughy that Pats and was even harder to soften up. Steak seemed a little better. About the same chewiness, but way less gristle/fat/whatever you wanna say it is. Also, peppers aren't nearly as hot as they are across the street. Pros and cons on both sides, but I guess I have to give the edge to Pat's. Next time I come here, Jim's is up to bad to take a shot at the titleI've gotten more than a few cold cheesesteaks from this place. I'd send it back, but the attitude-icious people behind the counter would probably just throw it at me. When it IS hot, I must say it's a tasty sandwich, even though it seems like it's mass-produced, like McDonalds or Burger King. It also seems the sandwiches are a bit smaller than they used to be. What, are they trying to cut costs or something?  At $7.50 per cheesesteak...this place is a CASH COW!  Joey Vento is a very rich man, no doubt! His plainly visible political views are entertaining, if nothing else. I do like the support of Daniel Faulkner, among other things. And lastly, beware of the hot sauce!  I am fully convinced this stuff is radioactive, and is made in a nuclear-fueled spice engine. It's so hot, that every time I go there I just have to put a penny-sized drop on my sandwich, just to remind myself of how insanely hot it really is!  So - Geno's is not the worst place you can get a cheesesteak, but you can certainly do better (and that doesn't mean cross the street)!As I stand in line waiting to see the Liberty Bell I figure I'll post about our uninspiring Philly cheesesteak experience. 
Genos in one word: sucked. No two words: royally sucked. There's a reason there's a big sign on the window declaring "cash only no refunds". I've had better steak sandwiches at my local hangout in Florida - maybe even at Subway. Seriously. There was barely any meat and my boyfriend noticed only a sliver of provolone. The sandwich photo is extremely flattering. 
We were really looking forward to this allegedly epic cheesesteak battle so I'll also post what I thought about the competition. 
Pats was a bit better and I surprisingly liked the Whiz. Or maybe I was still trying to wash down the tough Genos steak. Pats meat was slightly juicier but neither sandwich was worth the $10 charge. These places are clearly made for post drinking stops where all you want is greasy food to sop up the booze. Otherwise they are simply tourist traps. 
Same some time and grab an epic meal at Reading Terminal instead. That is a true foodie experience. For all the hype this was highly overrated.I tried both Geno's and Pat's one right after the other. No I did not eat two full cheesesteaks within a matter of minutes, thankyouverymuch! :) I had a few bites of each one and I have to say, they aren't anything special and for the price, definitely not anything special but if I had to chose I like Geno's better!We are not from Philadelphia but HAD to get a Philly cheesesteak from there since we were stopping though. We didn't get there until 4:30 am so that part of town seemed pretty sketchy and they only take cash. The sandwiches are $10 a piece which was pricey for what we got but it was worth the experience. I've had a better cheesesteak in my home town because I felt like there wasn't much special about genos. I would recommend going to check it out but we don't plan on going back.I don't eat red meat but when I do its a cheese steak from ginos in south philly a must for a bucket list.Geno's steaks was a huge letdown. With all the big lights and overdone signs I expected the food to really stand out. Unfortunately, all the fanfare must be to help distract customers from stale bread, a couple pieces of mildly warm steak, and a small amount of whiz. Don't waste your time. This place is all about the hype. It does not live up to expectations.ZERO Stars!
I took one bite of this cheese steak which seemingly had no flavor but did have a slight aroma which was reminiscent of dog food.
And then I spit it out. This is beyond processed...possibly radioactive. Calling this cheese steak actual food would be a huge stretch.
Good thing my kind friend payed for this shit.
Don't come here unless you want to get poisoned.This was my 2nd Cheese steak of my trip. There is a huge line you have to stand in but it moves quickly. Ordering is pretty simple and there are not many options so it's easy to get what you want. I got a Cheese steak with provolone and onions. The bread was good and onions tasty. The meat could have more flavor and be less soggy. I got the cheese fries and they were good too. There really isn't much room for sitting and eating, you might have to go sit on the cement wall across the street. Overall I liked it and I would go here again.My brother decided that he wan'ted to drive to Philly and get a Philly cheese steak for his birthday. So we ended up at this place. I am not a native philly person, so I am not sure where the best philly steaks are. The one I ordered was good to me. They use cheese whiz and it was yummy.Yep, great place, classic, what you can come to expect from a solid Philadelphia cheese steak jointDon't waist your time. I'm from Philadelphia  my whole life. People only go here because the name.... same with Pats. People if your coming to visit here in the city the food really isn't good and locals do not eat there. South philly has a million really tasty food spots. But Geno's and Pats aren't not one of them. Put it this way I was drunk and hungry with my husband and another couple it was late nothing was opened so we go here I couldn't even eat the food drunk and hungry. That's pretty bad:( however it is in a cool location at 9th street. Oh n be prepared to spend a lot of money $$$$$$$$$Bring your passport, and definitely not your resident alien card...no, no, I kid, its not that bad.  I mean, who knows, I was with a tall Irish guy, so and this girl I went to school with once came by my fraternity house looking for, "the tanned guy," so maybe my experience was a little different. 
Seriously though, the steaks at Pat's are better and while the staff across the street might be just as surly, they're not just dicks for the sake of being dicks.  
By the way, if you're feeling especially gluttonous, I suggest going to Geno's, waiting on line, getting your sandwich and eating it while you walk over to Pat's to do the same.  A buddy of mine and I did that once...no ill effects either.Fancy lights make it bright for everyone to see.  The line led out to the street which was odd.  I don't know why everyone wanted to get hit by all the passing cars.  The line went quick which was good.  I thought it was weird that you can't order sides and drinks when you order the philly cheesesteak.  That is at a different line.  I really like the cheesesteak whiz.  Very delicious.  Love the cheese dripping out.  I guess this location is the famous version on some tv shows.  Maybe it's because of the lights.I had been to Geno's a few times, convenient location when I'm shopping around. But shit, the Freedom Fries and the idiotic 'speak English or no cheese steak for you'  policy will keep me away forever. This is the sort of shit you expect from a 9th grade drop out who opens his own shop. I have my doubts on how good of English people from my home town speak on a normal basis anyway.I tried pat's and Geno's on the same business trip to Philly, and while both are good I prefer Geno's. I like the baguette style bread, the meat slices rather than chopped, a lot of cheese whiz, and there was a little more saltiness to Geno's than there was to Pat's.I would give this place a 0 . I drove an hour to get to this place thinking this cheesesteak was going to be amazing . What a turn off . They are so rude and sarcastic . I will never come back to this place . Their cheese steak was terrible on top of it and not even hot . No appreciation for their customers ."This place survives because of its name, not its awful food or racist business practices"
Food: 1/5
Service: 1/5
Atmosphere: 1/5
Parking: 1/5
Cleanliness: 1/5
     Geno's will receive the worst review I have made on yelp to date. Absolutely dreadful. 
    Philadelphia is certainly not famous for being a "clean" city and the surrounding neighborhood of this restaurant is testament to this fact, almost third world actually. However, this famous Philly restaurant surely does NOT live up to its name. 
    To begin, the whole restaurant is surrounded by bumper stickers saying "speak English to order" or "Press 1 to speak English, press 2 to get deported" Wow, way to live in the legal gray area we call being a rude, bigoted business owner. Not to mention the outdoor area was absolutely filthy with trash literally in the streets, dirty unwiped tables, the whole nine. Looking indoors, the food prep area looks aged, dirty, and overall unsanitary. 
   Service is rushed, rude, and very gruff. Perhaps coming from the suit-and-tie culture of DC and landing in the blue collar world of Philly is the real culture shock for me but more likely, the employees here just behave rudely and rush people through. 
  Parking is non-existent, good luck. Otherwise, I've had better cheesesteaks at diners in rural Virginia...I'd rather eat at subway in fact. Maybe I'll order in Spanish just to spite this terrible restaurant we call Geno's.Idk why this is listed as a famous place to stop in Philly, but Sonny's is way better. Geno's steak was dry, workers were kinda rude, cheese wasn't cooked right with the meat. This was below average steak sandwich taste. Don't come.When you hear philly cheesesteaks, you probably think of genos steaks or pats. Their cheesesteaks certainly don't live up to the reputation that they have, but they are good. I just feel like the sandwiches aren't made to be the best that they can be. You'll order a sandwich, and get it in less than a minute. It's just made fast, without much effort. Like I said, the taste of the cheesesteaks are good, but nothing that makes it better than the rest. The customer service is below average. Sometimes, the people taking orders just sound irritated and you don't really feel a welcoming sense.Ugh, Geno's is the worst. For an outrageous 10 dollars per sandwich you can get a nasty, subpar cheesesteak. Take that ten bucks and go literally anywhere else in the city and you can get two decent cheesesteaks for that price. 10 dollars a pop? You must be kidding me. Even if it is a tourist trap that is an obscene price.
Every time, and I mean EVERY TIME, I get a nasty dry sandwich. Cheesesteaks are supposed to be juicy and greasy, not dry! They can't even melt the cheese properly! When I get a cheesesteak, the cheese better be melted nicely on the meat. They can't even do that right.
Add to this how in-your-face bigoted they are and I am extremely turned off by this place. Pat's across the street is only a 3 star joint, but their food is ten times better than any of of the disgusting products here. Don't even waste your time.The cheesesteak and cheese fries are awesome but they're a bit overpriced.  Plus it's difficult to go here without being surrounded by drunks or wackos (at basically any time of day), but that's okay, I'm usually drunk upon arrival as well.
It's a little nervewracking to have to specifically order "wit wiz" or however they want you to do it, and they look at you like you have three heads if you fail to recall that drinks are sold at the "next" window.
So if you're okay being a drunk idiot who'll pay top dollar for a pretty good cheesesteak, check it out.More of a tourist attraction than a trusted local spot.  The steaks are greasy and fatty and make me want to gag.Had a whiz steak wit and it was delicious.  Meat was tender and fries were alright.  Don't go for the fries do you.  Would definitely go back.If you ask any local philly person they will say this is a tourist trap!  I fall for the trap every time, until now.  
Overall if we are just talking about tourist traps, I would put Pat's ahead of Geno's.   The taste is just better at Pat's.  
My philly friends have said there are several awesome places.  Dellesandro's Steaks is an authentic top of the line cheese steak place.  That's where I go now for an authentic cheese steak.  Yeah, there's a line around the block there too!  Except the line is filled with Philly people and not tourists or Pennsyltucky people who don't know what a true Philly cheese steak is.This place is OK.
If you're not from Philly and you've never orderd a steak be prepared to be scrutinized.
Wit means you want cheese wiz.
American means you want American cheese.
The lady who works there will give you the eye and make you feel like your'e from another planet if you don't do it correctly.
I wonder if she stops to think that without tourist and out of towers, this place wouldn't be open.
Even with all that, I've had much better cheesesteaks....outside of Philly.
This place looks like it should be in Vegas it's lit up like a christmas tree.
If you go in the winter, be prepated to freeze your buns off; it's outside seating only.
Go next door to the Yogurt shop and get a coffee and eat your steak in warmth,Tried them once and wasn't thrilled. Much better steaks from local pizza joints. Philips and Dan's steaks are FAR better and no BS with the ordering.I feel bad about the new location in the Sugarhouse Casino.  It's a Friday night and they are completely disorganized and unfocused. It is a shame they didn't pull experienced staff to get this off the ground.I was very disappointed first of all CASH ONLY! I had to go to an ATM that looked like it was broken, people were staring at me like they've never seen an african american female in line before and the steak was horrible, it want even hot, bread was hard and the steak wasn't even chopped it. I heard this place was racist. I'm not one to go around throwing around the race card, but I definitely did not feel welcome and most likely won't be back, being a native New Yorker just wanted to say I tried it. I'll try Pat's next time. I was tricked by the inviting bright lights.This is a really good sandwich.  You can't go wrong here.  In my humble opinion I would still choose the other guys across the street (Pats) but this is still a great sandwich nonetheless.I'm currently leaving Geno's surprisingly disappointed and a little confused. More than one local told us this is the place to get a cheesesteak, and I've honestly had better at the airport. Maybe I'm just a seasoning snob being from New Orleans, but the meat itself was bland, the bread was cold, and there was only cheese on each end of the sandwich, nothing in the middle -of an 8 inch sub. Leaving this with a MEH review. Don't go out of your way.I get that this place has a whole history to it, so I felt compelled to ty it as a tourist (also had to try Pat's). I liked the fries here but preferred the cheesesteak from Pat's.  The fries were thinner and crispier at Geno's which I preferred. I went at an off hour so there wasn't a line, but I definitely wouldn't wait in a long line for this food. It doesn't taste any different than other cheesesteaks I've tried before.Ok. Here's the truth. You line up for 25 minutes, pay $10 for a piece of Philly culture, then chomp down on a greasy mess that is nothing more than a guilty pleasure. It's fun, do it once, then try making it at home. See? You made it at home!!! AND It's cheaper and better than with Geno's or Pat's. And it was easy to make!!!Are you kidding me is this what Geno's has to offer me a greasy, bland over priced steak bread with a few slivers of dry tasteless meat. At midnight (still prime time) condiments were out. Don't waste your time driving out here for this!I lived in Philadelphia for many years; however, I never tried Geno's or the across the street competitor until once in 2014 and than again just a week ago.  
We went on September 10th at about 4pm in the afternoon.  I ordered a cheesesteak wit and provolone.  The line was about 25 deep; however, it moved really fast.  Cash only and the drinks/fries are done at one counter and the steaks at another -- which was really efficient.
I found the cheese fries to be absolutely delicious and honestly the steak was a-ok; however, not super special.   Look, everyone is entitled to various opinions and everyone will rate the steaks differently.  I found mine to be a bit dry (the meat and roll).  
So, in the world of cheesesteaks, I probably would regularly purchase elsewhere; however, nothing beats the nostalgia of this corner as "Cheesesteak Central"Hoagie heaven.  Tourist trap, but worth the try.  The cheese whiz fries were addicting, and you had to keep it classy by eating them with fork.  Would I go here again?  Maybe try a hole in the wall instead for a Philly cheese, but I'll definitely dive into some more of those whiz fries.Great cheesesteaks!. open 24 hours, chop there steak when grilling (most common way of cooking), as opposed to thin slice grilling. Genuine crusty steak rolls, "wit" means with cheese whiz and get fried onions.On the day that I went, Geno's was mos def better!  The workers were rushy, but still friendly...and apparantly, I wasn't reading the signs correctly- Order food in one window and drinks from another! Anyhoo, wiz wit is tha only way to go- YUMMOS!!!!!Don't waste your time standing in line. You can get better steaks at random restaurants in the same neighborhood. Geno's steaks are sub-par. If you want to wait in line at a "famous" steak place you should go to Jim's Steaks instead. At least their steaks are tasty.Philadelphia airport location. God awful cheesesteak!!!! I added provolone and fried onions on my sandwich. First off, anybody from philly will tell you on a real cheesesteak the meat is chopped. Geno's is serving 'steak-umms' for those of you who are not old school,that's thin slices of steak meat. Geno's uses no seasonings therefore the sandwich is bland. If you enjoy ALPO then you'll like this sandwich. The only thing authentic about this place is the name! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEYFamily of 4. None of us liked it! The Philly cheese steak at Chase Field is better! HahaWorst place every! Don't go!!
Bread was old, sandwiche was crap. I hope I don't feel sick tomorrow. I will never be back in my lifeWe drove to South Philly and tried both Geno's and Pat's steaks.  Though I think Geno's is ok Pat's just had the better cheese steak.  My opinion is that the cheese was definitely better at Pat's.I wasn't impressed at all, then again I like provolone on my cheese steak.  Parking is a pain, but I did get right next to the place.  I lived outside Philly for five years and never tried the place until this year when I went back for a visit.  Geno wasn't mean though.  The line went quickly but dang the parking.  (I'm from California, I can't parallel park on the left!!!!)
***I must admit though that I went up to order and was like, "UH... I don't know how to order."  And they did not yell at me.  But I was smiling.Geno's and Pat's both have their fans and critics.  Although Geno's Yelp reviews aren't as great as Pat's reviews, I found the cheesesteak at Geno's to have a slight edge due to the more generous helping of Cheez Whiz.  Geno's sandwich also seemed to have more meat.
Geno's restaurant clearly had friendlier and more personable service.  The building itself is also more colorful and eye-catching as it has photos and a whole wall of police patches.
When it comes to which place has the better cheesesteak, judge for yourself.  Clearly everyone has their preference and favorite.Their bread was soggy but the meat on point delicious better than pats king of steaks  did a taste check with celina and Steve between geno and pats king of steaks and geno takes my vote!Complaints:
---Upon receiving the sandwich bread is soggy already
---The  thinly slice beef is tasteless along with tiny amount of beef
---the cheese whiz is water down. If you ever mix water with cheese you will get a water down lumpy substance. This is how the cheese whiz looks and taste. 
---they are very rude! If their are so miserable there why don't they just hired someone to work for them then.
Why is it a tradition to waste money and time eating horrible food. They must know your not coming back hence thats why their rude. I've observed them with others while waiting and they treat everyone like that.
If you really have to have a cheesesteak since your there already go to Pats. It's not the best but comparable to Genos it taste way better. Don't say I didn't warn you.If you're looking for service with a smile, this is probably not the place for you. But if you're looking for nice cuts of sliced steak in your true Philly Cheesesteak ('whiz wit', and some added grilled mushrooms), then this is a must-see/must-eat.
A little about me, I love Philadelphia. There aren't many big cities I can say that about, but I've loved this city since my first visit back in '03. At the time, I was just jumping on board with what would be my NFL team for the last 15 years, the champion Philadelphia Eagles. But I'd been so busy with work the last couple times I came up that I never got a chance to really explore the city. So I finally got a day and I knew the first place I needed to visit was the "Eagles Nest". Unfortunately, there was a Phillies game going on, so I couldn't even get close to the stadium. So I went to my number two spot: the corner of 9th & Passyunk.
Now I had a choice to make: Pat's or Geno's. For me, the choice was easy, but only because I'd known about Geno's for such a long time and still hadn't been. (Pat's will get my dollars next time. I've already had Tony Luke's, and after this visit to Geno's I prefer sliced steak over chopped, but still have to try Pat's.) 
Service here is incredibly fast... I don't think I waited more than a couple minutes before my food was ready to go. A seat opened up, I took my obligatory foodie pic, and got down to business. SO. MUCH. CHEESE. I loved it! Inhaling that greasy food was all I could do. I debated ordering another but I had to think about my arteries and the fact that I'm getting older.
Is this place a tourist trap? Yes. And I've seen some reviews bashing on the place. But the only thing I could really say was a let down were the employees attitudes. Still, I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt because I know the hours here are crazy, so I'm sure they're just ready to finish up and get some sleep.
(PERSONAL NOTE: A good friend of mine had visited this place only a month before, and I was going to FaceTime him while I was scarfing down my food to say, "Yo! Guess where I'm at!" But I chose not to. Two days later I learned he had committed suicide. I wish I had made that call...)I'm a cheese first kind of girl so Geno's is my home. Pat's puts the cheese on top & it gets lost in the paper wrapper. It's a personal choice. I ate 3 in one day. Couldn't resist. The flavors are great, balanced & it's a juicy meaty heaven. Seriously I'm addicted. Can't wait to get back to Philly.been there done that. will never do it again. you have to stand in one line for a sandwich then stand in another for fries and drink. the sandwich was flat. hardly any meat. no seasoning. mostly bread. the worst steak and cheese ever. i would say subway or the guys in the mall  are better. Philly home of the cheese steak or not? bring cash they don't accept credit.Since I was in Philly I couldn't leave without trying both Pat's and Geno's Steaks. So I got the cheesesteak with Provlone but I should have gotten the cheese whiz one. It was ok I liked the roll it was on. The staff is real serious like no smiles and all about business. The service was fast. They take cash only. Sorry but I have to say Pat's was better. But I say try both and see for yourself. So now I have to try Jim's and Tony Luke's on my next visit to Philly.Visited Philly over the Memorial Day weekend.  I should of taken a clue when the line over at Pat's was so long and the line at Geno's was a non factor.  Ordered this with onions and provolone cheese.  The bread was good, but there was no flavor and the beef was kind of dry.  Had to put a lot of salt to eat this.  Go to Pat's for cheesesteak.  It's so much better.Definitely prefer Geno's to Pat's because of the meat. The larger cuts that Geno's use just make the cheesesteak better than the chopped up pieces used by Pat's. 
I'm not sure if it's the best in Philly or not, but either way it's definitely great. Love to head over here after a game to usually get served quick.So here's the deal, my wife and I wanted to try the famous cheesesteak debate and try both Geno's and Pat's. My wife was worried that one or the other would get mad at us for eating at one establishment then crossing the street to try the other, I was like...are you kidding me, do you know how many tourists are about to do what we're about to do, so off we went. I did the ordering at Geno's and stumbled on the ordering process, I said something like one regular cheesesteak please, when I should have said one wiz wit, the guy at the counter definitely knew i was a tourist by then, and spoke down to me as such. The steak came out seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of oozing cheese and the roll was nice and soft absorbing all the juices. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars besides the attitude was the decor of the whole place, I felt like I was in a game show, all glitzy and glamorous. Just look at the night pics and you'll see what I mean.
continue onto my Pat's review.Think of a place that was prob once really good, got alot of attention and hype, then became complacent. 
This is that place. 
I heard about this place from a friend who said it was deeliiiiicious. And going there, I saw the hype of the place but it didnt match up to its food. 
I ordered a Philly cheesesteak, everything on it with American cheese. I got a sandwich with cold steak, barely any provolone cheese and way too many onions.  
I was with a party of five, three of which did get provolone and two american. but i guess that was too much for them to handle and just decided to give us all provolone. We would've gone back for them to change it but the line was too long And we had already gotten into our car. 
The only reason they got a second star was because the bread was pretty good. 
All in all, don't believe the hype.The lines give some inkling of the awesome delicious-ness that awaits. The reviews don't lie and the sampling I had was awesome! I loved every bite of my cheesesteak. As did my family. This is NOT your typical cheesesteak. BOTH in size AND flavor. Even the fries were perfect. This beats the cheesesteaks I've had in NYC. 
Note: tempted to have bought a cheesesteak from Pat's, King of the Cheesesteaks, across the street just to compare but the smell coming from this kitchen was the draw. The lines as well was indicative of the cult following this place has. While both places boast they are the best but there is only one that could be the original. Pat's was open first no argument there. So I'd be curious to see what others say about Pat's. 
Back to Geno's,  all three cheesesteaks were delicious. Moist steak, just the right amount of cheese or whiz and the peppers on mine were spot on. They were juicy, tender, fully stuffed, a nice sizable portion per sandwich. Check out the pics!  This cheesesteak sandwich was longer than my kids' head. Lol. He enjoyed his immensely. 
Here's the tip on how to order like a regular: one whiz with - means one cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions. One American/Provolone without -  means one cheesesteak with "cheese" choice you mentioned without onions. This way made the ordering faster and efficient. 
Since you are also ordering from separate windows, one line for steaks and the next window for fries and drinks, you don't have to be on one line. Although most people order both so that's why the lines get long. But it moves fast. The kitchen area is huge. At a given time, I saw at least three guys at the grill. 
The cheesesteak is what makes Philly popular on the food map. Must try Geno's and get your fix. This was the best.Our first stop during our food crawl trip to NYC.  Tried both Geno's and Pat's.  Both were mediocre and definitely not worth the detour.  Should have  relied on Yelp in lieu of TV shows.I've had better cheese steaks at my bodega I mean I drive all the way out there spend $10 for a sandwich with cheez wiz then had to buy fries an soda separate what a rip off I should've went to pats they had a line outside unlike Geno's nice building an all nice lighting but da sandwich sucksYup.. People are right. Do not go there!! There are a ton of place , even the ones near tourist attractions that are much better! First the bread is chewy ( aka stale!!), the steak meat is dry and the cheese not melty. Need I say more?Oh come on. Most of the 1 and 2 star reviews are a little harsh. Its 3.5 star food and a bonus .5 for the 'check-the-box'.I really don't understand how anyone can like their Philly Cheesesteak. I guess I will avoid all food recommendation from those reviewers . 
Now seriosly, this was the worst cheesesteak I ever tried. No flavor whatsoever. Even the fries were bad. 
Not to mention they charge way to much. 
And what's up with the system of ordering steak on one window and fries and soda on another. Doesn't make much sense. 
This is my first one star review...  And the reward goes to...  Geno's steaks!  Congrats!Geno's takes the cake for their flavorful "wit with wiz" and their super fast service.It was Horrible
We had a Pat's-Geno's tasting and Pat's won HANDS DOWN. It was not even close (see review on Pat's)
The sandwich was not even up to par to something from a 4th rate deli store 
Bread- COLD and chewy
Steak- COLD and tasteless
Provolone Cheese- COLD and not melted. I don't think the Cheez Whiz could have saved it
We also ordered Cheese Fries and Coke and they gave us the WRONG order and refused to changed it!
Who messes up CHEESE Fries? 
They gave us plain fries (which was the tastiest thing at that place, i guess) 
The sandwich was not even worth $1, let alone $8
Nasty. 
All the neon lights in the world can't save the sandwichThe way Geno's prepares there sandwich is not for me. The meat is in slices, as opposed to chopped. But what I will say is that the place is clean! The cleanliness is stellar, which really makes you feel a bit better about the product you know is already bad for you.I always get Pats and Geno's together and I always like Pats more. Meat at Geno's is a little tougher to chew. Thought it should have been cheeper and they put wayyyyyyy too much cheese in it. Meh I was disappointed.
I'm also not a fan of the "speak english" signage and general decor of the establishment, seems sort of ignorant and prejudice. I'm sure the owner's grandparents didn't speak english when they moved to American either. Just seems rude, but hey, it's PhillyNot up to my expectations. WOW was i disappointed. I thought for sure this would be better than pats. After reading multiple reviews I was convinced that I always am a fan of touristy places and although I might not be getting the best philly cheesesteak saying I came here would be worth it. My husband and I split a cheesesteak from pats and one from genos. The cheesesteak from genos was so bad i didnt even finish it and order another one from pats. Absolutely no cheez wiz, it was so watered down and goey it didnt look like there was cheese on it. The steak was tough and thick. The juice from the sandwich just made the bread soggy and messy to eat. The people were more rude at this place as well. They yelled at customers if they were going across the street they cant park here, their car will be towed. So I guess they own the street too? Im glad i parked across the street and just bought my sandwich over to pats where no one said anything to us.First time I had Geno's was in 2014 and I did a comparison with Pat's back then. This time I did it again with the pepper steak. Geno's looks bigger and I think it's good, meat is a tad bit dry and the bread was lightly soggy but it wasn't bad. I would give them another try.I am a philly cheese steak fan so the sandwich was good but overpriced. I will give them one star for being ignorant with the 'Speak English sign'. So if a German tourist orders in broken English will you send him to Pat's ?So like most tourist, I couldn't help myself and had to do the Philly cheese steak challenge. I walked from Chinatown to Pat's and Geno's hungry with aching feet and got in not one, not two, but three lines (I'll explain). First off note that both locations take cash only, and that you probably will not be able to get a table. We got our Philly cheese steaks with onions and whiz, since I was under the impression that was what a true Philly cheese steak was. We decided on Pat's first due to the fact that the line appeared to be shorter and moving faster (haha shorter). It took about thirty minutes to get through the line, and we were ready having observed the sign that said to have our order and cash ready, so we step up to the first window and order our Pat's Philly and realize there is another separate line for ordering soda's and fries, which I promptly ran to while my boyfriend waited for the sandwich, two lines 30 minutes. 
We walked a crossed the street and ate our sandwich on the street like animals. My first thought upon eating the cheese steak was I've made a better one at home. The meat lacked any flavor and I felt there wasn't enough whiz (which is strange since whiz actually makes me very sick...taking it for the yelp team today though). 
So now, not hungry, and realizing we stopped making these at home because whiz makes me sick, we stumble a crossed the street to Geno's and for consistency's sake ordered the same sub after waiting another 20 minutes in line. Geno's cooking area is open to the public, as we waited we watched the workers make the subs in a surprisingly clean kitchen. They cranked them out. When ordering we did note the Geno's guy said thanks, and he seemed in a better mood. Geno's meat as most people noted is sliced, rather than shredded, which I did think made it taster. Though it was gawdy as all get out, Geno's in my opinion produced a better sub. The bread at both seemed the same, though my boyfriend thought Pat's bread was better less bready. I also felt Geno's was a better cheese to meat ratio, cheesier, and the meat tasted as if it was seasoned or just a better quality of meat. But having now completed the challenge, I wouldn't go back to either.My first taste of Philly cheesesteak was good, but slightly disappointing. I don't like the cheez wiz, so that may affect my opinion. And without it the sandwich is dry. I just don't understand the hype. And with Geno's being one of the oldest cheesesteak establishments I had high expectations.First off: NOT a fan of Pat's - too many bad bad experiences. You don't even wanna know.  Never tried Geno's. Figured it was same'ol same'ol.  So last wk, still starving after drinks and appetizers with friends much earlier, passing Geno's I stopped in and got a steak american wit.  Wit'out much anticipation, and from years of bad experience, I hesitatingly bit into one of the best steaks I've ever had. Was it hunger? That particular night? I dunno. But THIS obese sheep was pretty happy. Luckily I put too much hot (ouch!!!) sauce on it and stopped eating it halfway through before I fainted. But what I had was Awwwwsome.i came in from NY and had to stop by Geno's. Putting aside the rude people, the cheesteeak was delicious. i still need to try pat's, but this place was incredible. here's what i got:
Cheesteak
American Cheese
Onions
Hot Peppers
Side of Cheese Fries
It hit the spot. I'll definitely return!"Order in English" need I say more? What a disgusting attitude to have in a diverse city. This signage has prevented me from ever ordering from here and when folks visit from out of town there are many cheesesteak restaurants I always recommend above this bigoted establishment. This has no place in modern America.Mierda de perro. Nada mas.Food - 2 stars
Service - 2 stars
Value - 2 stars
If I had to choose between Geno's or Pat's, I would choose Geno's because the food came out hot. 
I will not be returning but if you're in the area you might as well try Geno's and Pat's and decide for yourself.My co workers and I decided to stop at Geno's for a cheese steak after we were done work.  I ordered a regular wit American cheese and onions.   First couple of bites it was delicious  then half way through the sandwich I couldn't taste the cheese.   I was disappointed I guess that's why there's Pat's steaks.    I've had better the sandwich it also lack the steak as if it appeared there is two thin slices of rib eye.  For $10 its overhyped and overrated.If I could give them a 1, I would. I had to try it the first time I went to Pat's, even though my Philly friends warned me not to.  It was the worst cut of meat I have ever tried.  Very tough and just not something that is made for human consumption.  A bunch of retards working there too that put themselves above those that don't speak English.  Avoid this place and go get the best cheesesteak you'll ever have across the street at Pat's. Geno's sucks!!!!!!!I have seen this restaurant hyped up on Food Wars, and was excited when my girlfriend told me we were going to try both Geno's and Pat's. Got the Philly Cheesesteak with wiz. After paying for the sub, I saw a sign at the bottom of the window saying, "This is America. When ordering Speak English". It didn't even say please. C'mon, a 'please' and 'thank you' would've been nice. The sign tasted like injustice stuffed in bigotry with Amuerika oozing out of it. Skipping this and heading to Pat's.... speaking of which, here's my review of Pat's http://www.yelp.com/biz/pats-king-of-steaks-philadelphia-2?hrid=u7bpGlKC0hrlKnDdaDrUyQ
Had to do the food war, and see which one tasted better. Seems like Pat's won it with me; not because of the better tasting food, but without the snarky attitude.[This review covers both Pat's and Geno's, so it's posted at both pages.]
So for some reason, my crazy friend, Elliott, and his friend, Bill, decided to drive from Richmond, VA to my house (oh, probably about 5 hours) Saturday morning to go into Philadelphia for cheesesteaks. Why? To put the ages-old debate between Pat's King of Steaks and Geno's Steaks to rest once and for all... Not that the debate will ever really die...
We ended up hitting Pat's first, then trekking all over the city, only to return to Geno's before heading home.  Gotta work off the calories, yanno!
In the end we all came to pretty much the same conclusion. Overall Pat's really is the King of Steaks. Geno's decor was overwhelming and gaudy. We did not find the giant picture of a cheesesteak surrounded by flashing neon lights on the roof to be particularly endearing and certainly did not add to the flavor of the sandwiches. The bright neon orange slathered all over every possible paintable surface did not help, either. I greatly preferred and appreciated the understated and unassuming simplicity of the decor (or lack thereof) that we found at Pat's. They still had what looked like the original Pepsi sign with their name. We were also taunted by a 10 year old walking by with a Geno's cup while we were minding our own business, sitting on the curb eating our steaks.
None of us appreciated the blatant politics of Geno's either. For those unaware of the controversy, a few years ago Geno's was sued for having a sign on their window that said "This is America, Speak English when ordering!!"... While I acknowledge their right to have whatever signs broadcasting whatever politics to which they ascribe, I find the hypocrisy of their Italian heritage coupled with their obvious prejudices to be quite distasteful.
On to the actual food.
The rolls from both place were exactly the same. More bread than meat - first bite: all bread. The onions at Pat's were actually fried, with that caramelized color and flavor I like in my onions (when on a cheesesteak, that is). Geno's onions seemed to have been lightly fried, more from incidental contact. They were still so crunchy that they were almost fresh. Not that I mind fresh onions, but fried onions aren't supposed to have that fresh-onion zing. They're supposed to be fried.
The cheese. I could barely taste the cheese at Geno's. I opted for provolone, while my companions opted for the orange cheese-snot product called Cheez-Whiz. Pat's was generous with their provolone and the steak was hot enough to actually melt it before I was able to sink my teeth into it. Initially my companions did complain about the Whiz oozing out of the sandwich and onto the paper, but after eating at Geno's they realized that having enough Whiz to *taste*, much less have ooze out of the sandwich was a blessing, not a curse.
Finally, the steak. This is the one point that we did have to give to Geno's. Pat's steak was shredded, more or less, which is really the way every cheesesteak I've had is. I have no complaints at all about shredded steak, however Geno's steak was sliced, so it actually maintained the classic "steak" texture, more reminiscent of roast beef than typical cheesesteak. This is really more about the style of cheesesteak than the quality. Though Geno's sliced style was a bit tastier, it wasn't what I think of when I think of a true Philly Cheesesteak.
All in all I prefer the cheesesteak experience I found at Pat's King of Steaks. The fries were delicious (though I didn't try the fries at Geno's, I suspect they're about the same), the line moved faster, the onions weren't overwhelming, but just added to the sandwich, the cheese was tastier and meltier, and the whole experienced oozed real, authentic Philadelphia culture. If you want a taste of what Philadelphia really is all about, I'd recommend Pat's King of Steaks.Got mushroom steak wit whiz.  It was pretty good, but then again, I don't have anything to compare it to...Fun tourist trap but the steak and cheese was good. Not gourmet but it met the expectations.The definition of a bad cheesesteak for the locals. The only reason I give them two stars is because the ordinary tourist wouldn't know any better. This place is just an attraction. Pretty much as bad as it gets.Stay away, people!  Whether you are from Philly or not, know this:  Giving Joey Vento (owner of Geno's) your money is a vote for his hateful, small-minded, obnoxious politics, which permeate the signage and attitude of the place.
Hey I love me a good steak, believe you me, and I have certainly *had* Geno's before (live in Philly long enough and it's an eventuality) but if you're gonna do the long-line-in-the-street-waiting-for-a-genuine cheese steak thing, there is the humble and venerable Pat's directly across the street:  just as good but without the side helping of bigotry.Tried it for the first time because of the hype. Really not what I expected after trying all the other cheesesteak places in Philly. Definitely a tourist attraction..usually the hole in the walls that don't have the lights, glitz and glamour are way betterPlease stay away from this racist dude's sandwich shop. I was excited to come to Philly and try one of these cheese steaks but when i read all the signs and stupid sayings all over their walls it ruined the whole experience. it's really ignorant and disgusting how they wear their racist shirts and try to say its in the name of america. losers i will never buy from you again and i will tell all my friends to avoid your nasty shop.Waited in line... Finally got to the front only to see a sign that said something along the lines of "this is America when ordering speak English" As someone else said before in another review.. English is the most common language in the U.S. But it is not the official language. And how about tourists? Mmm.. Not everyone that visits the country knows English. That was enough to make me walk out of the line and go across the street to Pars. After reading these reviews I'm glad I didn't try my first philly cheese steak from Geno's.This place was far, far from what things happens. Ive herad that this was the best Philly Cheesesteake, so I had to try it. The terrible thing is that is winter, windy and huge lines. The pice was very expecive for the lack of cheese ( just 1 slice). I wouldnt go back there. ANd the sandwich was good, but wasnt as great as I was expecting, so....This place is BOMB !!!
    Makes you feel good eating here.  They even have a sign that says "Order in English".  You can go across the street to Pat's but your not a fairy right? RIGHT ?Decent steak, but I'm a fan of Pat's more I think.  Pat has softer bread and chopped up steak.  Geno's large pieces of steak are nice, but they don't taste as tender as the chopped up steak at Pat's and seem less flavorful.  Go for the whiz wit at Pat's and try Geno's another time.
Also, if you're easily offended by closed-mindedness, you may not like the "pro-American" signs at Geno's.So glad to finally make it here! #delish on so many levels.  This is truly a must do/consume while in #Philly!  The tasty cheesesteak, soft/fresh bread and locale...simply perfect. #philly staple!