Love this place!  Got a recommendation from a friend - called valentines weekend and he was able to find us a table, last minute.  It was a later time slot then I wanted - but worked out since it gave us a chance to get the kids down  before we went out.  I rate things on: Taste, Service, Price, Portion size and atmosphere.  All were very good - but it was a bit loud which took away from the dining experience a bit, but hey - it's center city Philly on a Saturday night- it's going to be loud no matter where you go!I enjoyed a fun Saturday night date with my husband at this charming neighborhood BYOB Italian restaurant over the weekend.  It was a delicious meal at a great price and we will definitely be back.  My craving for pasta hit around lunchtime on Saturday, and I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to get a reservation for that night - albeit at 9:30.  We drooled over the online menu, picked up a nice bottle of red and were seated promptly when we arrived for our reservation.  Service throughout the evening was very friendly.  There were a few minor delays, but the restaurant was legitimately packed.
We started our meal by sharing the BLT salad, which was comprised of baby arugula, tomatoes, crispy pancetta and shaved parmesan nicely complemented by an appropriate amount of limoncello vinaigrette.  They split the salad onto two plates in the kitchen, which is always a nice touch.  For entrees the husband had a pork loin special with spinach and roasted potatoes in a white wine sauce while I had a pasta special of homemade fettuccine with sausage and wild mushrooms.  The pork loin was flavorful and properly cooked, but I think the poor guy had dinner envy because my pasta was out of this world fantastic!  The sausage, mushrooms, and sauce were all divine, but the noodles themselves would have been exquisite just with butter and parmesan.  I think taking advantage of all of the homemade pastas is the way to best enjoy Giorgio.  The portions were generous and we were sure we could not handle dessert . . . until we saw the creme brulee delivered to the table next to us.  Let's just say I am glad we made room for it.
The only real downside was that the restaurant was loud.  I wouldn't usually dock a star for this, but it was skull-rattling, could-not-hear-the-waitress, could-not-have-a-conversation loud.  We had the misfortune of being seated in the upper room with two very large and very drunk bachelorette parties, so I am hoping it is usually a little better.  I am glad they were having a nice time, but when one group broke out a strobe light and started blowing their penis whistle party favors, a little polite intervention from the staff might have improved the night for other diners.  Oh well - if it is just regular "Saturday night loud" on our next trip, a star will be immediately added back.  Mangia Bene!I really enjoyed this place, and so did my husband (vegetarian) and grandfather. The service was friendly and helpful (the happy medium between overly attentive and too slow). The food was great (I had the homemade ravioli which were amazing), and they had delicious homemade desserts (which were the high point for my husband and included a tiramisu, a pumpkin creme brulee, and they also gave us a slice of homemade chocolate cake on the house that was moist and yummy). This was the best meal I have had out in a while, and I can't wait to go back.
Went back for a family birthday dinner, and it was even better than I remembered. The food was incredible, and the owner was so warm and welcoming. For once, my entire family was impressed, and I don't think that has ever happened before.Great gluten free options (not the gluten free pizza) - delicious authentic Italian.  Great service despite being a packed restaurant.Awesome.  Had the ribeye, pasta with clams, and roasted veggies. Great flavor and service.To be quite honest, I was looking forward to catching up with my roommate while having a nice, relaxing meal paired with some wine but this place was a complete zoo on a Friday evening! Most of our conversation was along the lines of "Sorry, What did you say??" "Huhh? It's so loud!" "Oh man, I have such a headache!"
Pros: BYOB and Gluten-free options
Cons: Loud/Noisy, "handmade pasta" but wasn't cooked thoroughly, overpriced & bland ($52 for 2 plates of a 'special' fettuccine - one with meat and one with seafood)
I will probably give this restaurant one more try (on a weekday) and order anything than a pasta.I dined here last night with my family for my birthday. It was my second time, and it was just as good as the first time I tried this place. The food is simple with fresh ingredients. We ordered the linguine with clams, ribeye, chicken valentina, and the parmesan encrusted pork special. That pork chop was the best I ever had. We were all raving about it. It is a small place that gets packed even on a weeknight, but our waitress was great! At one point, she did get backed up while we were waiting to order dessert/coffee. She comp'ed the dessert because of the delay. BEST creme brulee I have ever had, and I'm not even a dessert person. Overall excellent experience.Yes for the gluten-free options! Yes for the service! Yes to the other patrons who fill the air with happy conversation! Definitely a great place to have a casual meal whether with family, friends, or a fun date.Gorgio's continues to impress me, time and time again. They have amazing food and their gluten free selection is phenomenal. I get the beef ragout almost every time. It's so delicious!Best Italian restaurant I've been to in Philly!  I hosted my 30th birthday dinner in their private dining room with 37 family & friends.  The space was amazing, the staff members were so accommodating and the food was unreal.  Giorgio also allowed us to drop off all of our own beer/wine in the morning so we did not have to bring with us to dinner.  The food, was awesome!  Appetizers were served family style for the party and everyone selected their own entree which were all hot & delish.  The dessert, chocolate cake & tiramisu came as a duet and was also amazing!!I had been wanting to try this place since I moved into the city and I really want to give Giorgio more stars, but it falls just short of 4. Let's say 3.5. 
The good: BYOB, gluten-free options, and my linguini with clams was absolutely delicious.
The not-so-great: EXTREMELY loud, my caprese salad was incredibly average (iceberg lettuce? really?), and I tried my friend's gnocchi that I hear is their signature dish and I found it to be too mushy with a grainy texture.
Still had a great time with friends, and although it wouldn't be my first choice for Italian in the city, I would go back again.Giorgio. I've met him on occasion, and is a wonderfully friendly guy. I happened to see him at an Eagles game once, and mentioned it to him at the restaurant. We then talked about for about 15 minutes of how much they sucked! Alas, this review is for the restaurant, not the owner.
It is a very cute little place. It can get packed, especially on weekends, so if you're worried about waits, get a reservation. It's also a BYO. I love BYOs. I can bring my 20$ bottle of wine and be happy. 
I've been here about 6 times...and every time I've gone, the food has been outstanding. Seriously. I can't fault it at all. Desserts? The same. (If you are on a gluten free diet, there are lots of options for you too.)
The waitstaff are excellent. They take the time to explain everything to you, and make the experience a bit more personal then the average restaurant. 
I haven't been here in about 3 months. Writing this review is making me hungry, and want to go again soon!Yuuuuuuuum. This place is almost always busy. Because it is so good. The pasta is al dente and you get huge portions. The service is great. The food is awesome, and the menu is huge. There's something for everyone. Also before your meal you get fresh bread with olive oil marinated with roasted sweet garlic. Best idea ever. The garlic is incredible spread on the bread. I crave it. 
The creme brûlée is the best creme brûlée I've ever had. The veal was also the best veal I've ever had. 
I love this place so much. I always want to come here, but we save it for special occasions because it is a little pricey. But worth every penny. I don't think it is overpriced at all.I will start out with my complaints. My boyfriend and I showed up here a little after 5 on a Thursday evening. We didn't make reservations. We arrived and we were the only ones there. Our host said we had to be out by 6:30. I'm not sure if he was kidding or not, but I definitely felt rushed. We stayed until about 7, and there were still empty seats at that time. We ordered a special appetizer. Sliced tomato and cucumber with jumbo crab and basil salad in a lemon vinaigrette. It was okay. I don't recommend it due to its blandness and lack of freshness.
As for entrees, we also ordered off of the special menu. I ordered sweet potato gnoochi (homemade) in a light Alfredo sauce with wilted spinach. The sauce was incredible but the gnoochis weren't as light as I would of hoped. However, I will still recommend this dish. My boyfriend ordered the Parmesan crusted bone-in pork chop. It was so so good!! I kept stealing pieces off his plate. 
To finish off, we had a rich chocolate cake. It was so worth the calories! The picture will speak for itself.
I will also post a picture of our Italian wine that we brought from fine wine and spirits. It was a good pair with our meal.Went here twice so far; first in Oct 2012 second in Nov 2012. Not enough great things to say. Food is great, its byob... Can't beat it! Atmosphere is a bit loud but that's a byob and an open space so you expect it a bit. Have had the oyster/mussel appetizer twice and will again. Pastas are fresh and amazing. Specials have looked/tastes great.
Highly recommend this spot for a date night or group night up to 6 people.I love this place. The owner is a great guy who gets to know his customers very well. The fact that it is a BYO makes it even better. However, because you can BYO, the prices for dinner are a little high.
For an appetizer I had the grilled caesar salad. It was delicious!! Not too much dressing and the right amount of char on the romaine to make a tasty salad.
For an entree I had pasta. The pasta itself tasted homemade and everything was fresh. Since I live close by, this is definitely a great neighborhood place to have around.Giorgio's is one of my favorite places in the city. The ambiance is cute Italian without the kitsch, the food is invariably great, and the service is impeccable.
The owner brings a lot of life to this place. He recognized me and my boyfriend the second (yes, second) time we dined there, and is sure to check in on his customers throughout the meal to make sure everything is alright and to make you feel at home. Even on busy nights, we have not felt pressured to get in and out, nor have we felt ignored by the (obviously busy) staff.
I have tried a few different dishes at Giorgio's, all of which have been yummy. The sweet potato gnocchi, when in season, is to die for, and the boyfriend swears by their chicken dishes. The desserts, while standard (tiramisu, etc.), are delicious.
All-in-all Giorgio's is reliably a great meal, and we will continue to return.We had such a wonderful Saturday lunch at Giorgio on Pine. Before a show at the Kimmel Center, we walked over to Giorgio's-bringing 7 children with us. We received a warm welcome and delicious food, served thoughtfully and efficiently.
The restaurant was very attentive to our concerns about food allergies. They specially prepared two items for my son, who is allergic to tree nuts. He loved the delicious food, and we all appreciated how the staff responded to our requests. Also, our server was masterful about communicating with the children.
Thank you for a relaxing Saturday afternoon in the neighborhood. We're coming back for the pasta primavera, the gnocchi and the kale salad!I have been to Giorgio On Pine twice now and have had amazing experiences both times.
As a vegan, it's not easy to find authentic italian food. I am a light eater and I can never finish my plate of food.. There was not one gnocchi left on my (enormous) plate by the time I was done. I was blown away with how amazing this dish was. The portion, the taste, the authenticity. It was unbelievable. My girlfriend gets the mussels every time and always tries a new dish and has been over the moon with it all. She was raised by Brooklyn Italians and is extremely picky about the italian food she consumes. She's so impressed with their food she wants to bring all of her family when they visit.
I think people need to take into account that this is an extremely small, family owned business. They do everything by hand, without computers and with a very small staff. Sometimes, regardless of reservations, you have to wait. That's inevitable on a Friday/Saturday evening, especially in a small restaurant. I promise that once you get seated and the food starts coming, you will be happy. 
Each time I've come, Giorgio has come over and apologized for the wait (which was never that bad) and ensured our meal came out as we liked. Our servers have always been pleasant and accommodating. Even with the millions of questions I ask about the menu, they always answer with a smile on their face. Stephen is also such a sweetheart. He remembered our names when we came the second time and sent us dessert and coffee on the house. He always takes the time to talk to us and get to know us personally, not just as guests.
Being kind and understanding gets you far more in life than getting angry and impatient. Wait for your table, understand that it's stressful when a restaurant is busy and I promise you'll have an amazing experience once seated!After looking semi last minute for some where to go for dinner with my family in town for the weekend, I stumbled across Giorgio on Pine. The owner was very friendly, as were all of the employees here.
We quickly devoured the bread that was set out and it went great with the olive oil that came with it. My stepdad ordered a salad that was on special and it was big enough to be a meal for some people. Everyone else at the table ordered pasta dishes, while I went with a chicken breast that was in a spicy sauce with peppers, too. My dish also came with roasted potatoes and vegetable. We all really enjoyed our dinner and agreed it's some where we would definitely come back to!
After reading other reviews, I need to keep room for dessert next time!Food, atmosphere, and the service were amazing.  Our server Giovanni was on point the entire time we were there!My boyfriend and I made reservations here on New Year's Eve, mostly because they were the only BYO we could find without a prix fixe menu- the table was ready for us (granted we had a 5:30 reservation) and the food was absolutely delicious- the gnocchi is to.die.for. However, on Valentine's Day, we arrived and were stunned to see a group of people waiting outside the restaurant. Giorgio had clearly overbooked the 8:30 reservation slot and we had to fight our way through a group of irritated people trying to get up to the host's podium. When we finally did get seated, 45 minutes later, the table was rickety and we were seated right next to the restrooms. The food, however, was once again stellar, and I'd like to go back on a non-holiday night and see how the food and service is. I'm giving them a three because the overbooking and having to wait outside in February put a major damper on our Valentine's Day- I'll come back and edit if we go back and have an amazing experience.Great mussels and clams.  I love that you can bring your own wine or beer. I had the fettuccine that was thick noodles with light sausage in a little olive oil...yum!Giorgio's is a wonderful little BYO located a bit off the beaten path in Center City. When I say little, I really mean that. There's only a handful of tables, so you're best off trying to make reservations in advance.
Having been there several times, I'm a huge fan, and it's my favorite Italian place in the city, by far. They always start you off with some bread and olive oil with garlic cloves, which (ignoring the breath effect later) is divine. Something very simple, yet oh-so-elegant and awesome. I've become a hands down fan of their spaghetti primavera with the white wine garlic sauce. To be honest, I don't think that it get's better for a vegetarian in an Italian restaurant than that dish. If you're a rabbit like me, get it. I promise you'll love it. Really.
Haven't really tried their desserts, to be honest, since I'm usually quite full by the time I've gotten to that point in the meal, but I've heard that they're all wonderful homemade-style treats, and the tiramisu is especially good.
The manager/owner (I'm assuming Giorgio himself) is always walking around in a non-obtrusive way and ensuring that everything is going well. You can really see the pride and passion he's got for his place, which is really warranted given the quality of what he's putting out on the tables. The servers themselves are fantastic. There's only a few of them, since the place isn't too big to begin with, and they're always on top of their game, ensuring that no glass ever gets to the bottom and that everyone is well taken care of. We've been to Giorgio's some 5-6 times, and they've recognized us every subsequent visit, which really gives you that cozy, family-run establishment feeling.
Tip: If you're planning on taking Septa to 13th/15th and then walking, that's a great option to walk through some vibrant areas of Center City and enjoy Philly, but be aware that the walk will run you 10-15 minutes easy, so factor that in!My book club had a wonderful luncheon here prior to our show.  Everyone was very pleased with the food and the service.  And that isn't easy with a group of 9 women!  The table was ready upon arrival.  They double checked the show time.  All the food came out hot and delicious!  A great experience!My extended family always goes on a one day holiday excursion. This year we went to Philadelphia to see the Nutcracker. We took Amtrak from Harrisburg to Philadelphia and before the sho we went to Giorgio on Pine for lunch/dinner. We were a party of 9 with reservations. We arrived about 10 minutes early and they were ready for us. The family ran the age span of 8 to 92. The staff was very accommodating and made us feel welcome. The food was excellent and we never felt rushed. The whole family agrees that Giorgio on Pine was a wonderful experience.LOVED this place.  The roasted garlic oil was the highlight of the evening, it spreads like butter onto their nomtastic bread...omg I can taste it now! lol.
I had the caprese, which was very tasty with their balsamic reduction.  I could've had more though, but still good, nonetheless.
Also had the squid ink pasta, which was one of their specials that day.  It was huge!  WAY too much for one person, definitely split that dish!
Then had a plethora of desserts!  We had 4 people and all shared them, I believe we decided the best was a cappuccino dessert, but they change daily.  Hopefully they'll have that one when you go!  
I would say the only downside is they don't serve any alcohol, but it's not much of a downside.  They let you bring it in, so don't fret. :)
Will definitely be back here next time I'm in Philly!This place is beyond friendly, beyond delicious and worth a repeat visit. The owner came to our table, suggested items on the menu and chatted like we were old friends. We had a great time and a great meal and will return on our next trip to Philly.Disgusting place. This is my second time in 2 weeks it was horrible when i was therejust after Xmas.  Oily food, stale fish (and he apologised) and chrged extra for a dish wevdid not order..
This time same old oily foos, shrimp had a slight stale smell to it and there is this old guy who is the owner tried to blame us for not knowing how food taste.  
Will not be backMade a reservation for 8:30, had to wait a little, maybe 15-20 minutes until our table was ready.
I came here with a party of 25 and even though this restaurant is fairly small, we still fit pretty comfortably at a table on the upper level.  There were also two other parties (5-7 people) who fit up there as well.  We were a large group, and since it's a BYO, we brought wine, so naturally, things got loud.  However, the restaurant was pretty loud in general, so it wasn't like the large parties dominate the restaurant which can happen sometimes at other places.  They first served each section of the table with bread and olive oil with garlic in it.  The bread was not the soft kind, which somewhat bummed me out, but it still tasted good and I was hungry so it was fine.  I ordered the gnocchi with beef ragout and all our orders didn't seem to take too long to come out.  The gnocchi was good, and was a huge portion, but I think I actually liked the vegetarian one better.  The bill came with tip included (20%) and overall, I was surprised with how well they handled such a large party.
Even though this place is small, it can pack a lot of people comfortably.  Come with friends and wine.We had another wonderful dinner here. This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia!I LOVED my dining experience here. I chose this restaurant for my birthday dinner with a group of friends. The atmosphere is great and it was fun that there just so happened to be a few other parties celebrating a birthday too. We arrived a few minutes late, but they were great about holding our table for our reservation. After ordering, they gave us two free salads for the table as a "gift" for my birthday (how sweet!). 
I got the special of the day, which was a squid ink fettuccine with calamari, mussels, clams, and shrimp. OH MY was it just delicious. I had the opportunity to try the gnocchi special that night and it was like little pillows of potato heaven in my mouth. Honestly, everything we had that night was truly amazing! I would recommend for a date night, girls' night, or a group dinner! Definitely a great option for any kind of gathering.For an appetizer I got the sweet sausage with polenta cakes. The cakes were okay. The marina had a great kick and the sausage was well prepared. My wife got the soup to start off with, a pasta fagiole that had bell pepper in it. It sounds odd but it worked really well. 
For the main course I ordered the gnocci. It was some of the best gnocci I've ever had. The ragu wasn't as impressive as I thought it would be after braising for 18 hours or however long they said it was. It was still very excellent though. My wife got the linguine in cream sauce. Excellent. Creamy with mushrooms, pancetta, and peas. Pasta was cooked al dente and had a great flavor profile. I think I may have liked hers more than mine and I've never had gnocci this good. My wife hates gnocci and wouldn't stop eating mine lol. 
It's byob and you should. Excellent wait staff. We came in at 3:30 and the place was dead. However, the dinner rush began at about 5 and the people kept coming in quite steadily. 
While I was making notes he brings over tira misu. And says we have to try it. Not sure if it was the noticeable yelp notes or the fact that we kept raving about the food. I hate coffee and assumed I wouldn't care for it. But this was delicious. The moistest cake, light filling and zero coffee taste.  Almost a hazelnut flavor to it, so maybe a flavored coffee for you coffee lovers out there. My wife got the cappuccino to go with it and it seemed like she enjoyed it.
EXCELLENT Italian, definitely give this place a go.Following up Doc's no-hitter, Giorgio hit a home run.  I am officially obsessed with this restaurant.  
We had planned on heading to Barbuzzo after the game to try something new, but the wait for 4 people was an hour.  It was already going on 9 pm, so we decided to head over to Giorgio's.  Since we hadn't planned for a BYO, we arrived empty-handed.  Without so much as a second thought, Giorgio poured us each a glass of house red.
One of my dining companions had sent some out-of-town work colleagues over to Giorgio's earlier that evening, and they happened to still be there. As a thank you, Giorgio sent over a plate of prosciutto, apples, and cheese.  Jeez, this man has impeccable manners!
We ordered the sausage to start, 2 parmesean-crusted lamb chop specials, 1 bucatini, and 1 seafood pasta.  Judging from my earlier review, one could say I have a little thing for the seafood pasta here.  But when I looked at the menu this evening, it was gone!  Horrors!  Not to worry, Giorgio assured me that he had all the ingredients on hand and would love to make it!  Seriously, this man is amazing.
The food was insane...especially the bucatini, which was infused with smokey pancetta.  I don't know how this man cooks perfect pasta every time, but he gets such a delicious spring in his noodles!  And the mussels and clams in my pasta were bursting with freshness.
Knowing that I can get a meal of this quality for $25 per person (yes, 1 appetizer and 4 HUGE entrees cost only $100) makes me proud and ecstatic to live in Philadelphia.Cannot go wrong with an Italian byob in the city that doesn't charge an cork fee! The lobster ravioli was on special. The sauce was not heavy and the ravioli was stuffed with lobster. They should consider adding this to the menu. My only complaint about this place is the size. It is very cramped inside especially if there are large parties. I would recommend making a reservation because they had to turn people away.Great dining experience! Had to wait 10min past our reservation. But not a problem mainly because Giorgio himself brought out fresh bruschetta to the few of us that were waiting to be seated. It was delicious! The service and food thereafter was on point. Very warm and homey vibe plus it's a BYOB establishment. Total contentment. Will most definitely return next time in Philly!Overall, the good here was pretty good.  Definitely not the best Italian BYO I've been to in Philly, but a decent option if you're in the neighborhood.  We tried a few different kinds of pasta, and the stand-outs were definitely the bucatini and the ravioli.  On the not-so-good end, our salads (the special of greens with prosciutto and goat cheese) was overdressed and soggy.  
What really annoyed me about our dinner was the service at the end of the night.  We made a reservation at 8, and were seated promptly.  We probably ordered at around 8:15, and because the food came quickly, were about halfway through our meals a little before 9.  Our waiter dropped the check promptly at 9 PM.  Which is fine--sometimes wait staff will do this so you don't have to ask for it later, but it's always with a "no rush" disclaimer.  We were finishing our dinner and bottle of wine, so we didn't touch the check.  At 9:20, another waitress came by and pointedly flipped the check over and said "whenever you're ready."  In five minutes, our original waiter came over and just stood by our table until we got our wallets out.  Having worked in the service industry, I understand how frustrating it is when someone lingers too long over dinner and you need the table for someone else.  However, an hour and 20 minutes on a Friday night is not a long time for dinner.  There was a huge party there that night which might have accounted for the rush/lack of space, but they should have planned ahead.Amazing Byob with authentic Italian cuisine!! Wonderful service, casual setting, delicious food!  I celebrated my friend's birthday here with a large group of 12 and it was spectacular. Every single dish I tried was delish! 
I ordered the Spaghetti a la Vodka and it was dubbed as 'one of the best dishes' according to my friends who sampled it.  It has baby shrimp, spinach and broccoli. The portion is HUGE and perfect for sharing.  
Giovanni was our server and he was on-point. With a large group he really kept up with all of our requests and explained all of the specials with everyone who asked follow up questions. 
I will def. be back here!I was there Sunday before a show. Outstanding service, great food, reasonable prices. They care about their customers. My daughter really  appreciated the gluten free menu.Was walking through town and couldn't find a new place to eat. Hit up yelp and saw this little gem right around the corner. The place is small, but very cozy. BYOB, so next time we bring a few bottles! The gnocchi was some of the best I've ever had. Pasta was amazing for her. Side dishes were perfect. Excellent service and atmosphere. It's true that some of the small family owned spots are the best. We will absolutely return.Excellent!  Worth a visit - great service and many gluten free options. We both had veal dishes which were delicious. I am allergic to gluten and milk products, and the waitress was super accommodating and carefully checked to be sure that my meal was ok. We were visiting Philly, but will definitely come back next time were in the area. BYOB.Due to the solid reviews, I went to Giorgio with great excitement.  An authentic Italian BYO with homemade pasta in a nice part of town?  Sign me up!
Unfortunately, the rest of my party and I were all disappointed with it in basically every aspect (except the staff, who were delightful).  The food was rather bland (which I'll cover more below), it was cramped, and the volume was overwhelming.  
I'd read reviews here on Yelp that the restaurant was loud, but I'd heard that before and wasn't too worried.  I was blown away with how loud it was.  It was easily the noisiest restaurant I'd ever sat in.  If you are absolutely set on coming here, avoid it in a family setting.  This is not a place to come with a date and a bottle of wine.  It's a place to come with a huge party and a handle of Popov vodka.
The food:
-The bread came with olive oil with roasted garlic.  The bread wasn't anything special, but the oil w/ garlic was wonderful.  The cloves of garlic were so soft you could spread them on the bread with a spoon (which I would definitely recommend).
-Prosciutto platter appetizer: Quite delectable.  The thinly sliced prosciutto was nicely cured and oily. The fresh mozzarella was salty and delicious.  The cantaloupe was standard, but balanced the palate well. This dish was the highlight of the night.
-Grilled Caesar salad: A nice twist on a pretty standard dish (in that it was grilled), but it was rather generic otherwise.  It's just a big head of lettuce grilled with caesar dressing and parmesean cheese.  
-Salad off the specials menu: Lettuce, tomatos, fresh mozz, balsamic dressing.  Extremely bland and unappetizing.  Even the mozzarella was weak.
-Ahi tuna off specials menu: Seared tuna had very little flavor.  Spinach and potatoes were similarly unspiced.
-Sweet potato gnocchi off specials menu: Came with alfredo sauce.  Again, very bland.
-Parmesan crusted pork chop: This dish was actually not bad (but nothing worth writing home about)
-Fettucini w/ calamari & shrimp in pesto alfredo sauce (off specials menu): The dish was better than the other pasta, but left something to be desired in terms of flavorI LOVE THIS PLACE.
I've only been once but it was fantastic. The carpaccio salad was awesome. I love how they offer fresh shavings of  Parmesan cheese and offer garlic in oil for the bread. My wife loved the mussels and the pizza isnt bad for gluten free crust(although it was lacking)
They place is noisy but I think it adds to the charm. I also like the open kitchen where you can see the head chef and team cook up your meal. 
I can't wait to go back!I went here a few months ago and I meant to write a review to rave about the delicious gnocci  dish I had. Homemade pasta at a tiny BYOB with good prices. Friendly service, too!So amazingly good and delicious. We got the special pork chop and the gnocchi and it was effing to die for! Love the BYOB. we went later, which was perfect bc it does get very loud in there but that doesn't bother me too much. Just a heads up if you don't like a loud ambiance! But good is so nom nom nomHands down the best Italian food I have ever had. Both the food and service is phenomenal at Giorgio's! You won't leave disappointed and your belly will leave full. 
I dined on a Monday and we were seated immediately. Bread and olive oil with roasted garlic was delivered to the table to start off our dinner. I had one of the evening's specials, sweet potato gnocchi in a light alfredo sauce. The gnocchi were delicious little pillows and the sauce was light and complimented the gnocchi perfectly (think more of a "sheen" and less of a heavy cream sauce). The bolognaise with fettuccine (which is homemade and hand cut!) was also great. I'm thankful my boyfriend allowed me to keep stealing bites from his plate, otherwise I would have been ordering a second entrée. To top off our already full bellies we shared the tiramisu for dessert. Yum! It has been almost a month since I've eaten at Giorgio's and I'm still dreaming about the amazing dinner. I hope I'll be back to Philadelphia soon so I can enjoy more pasta from Giorgio on Pine!It's an ok Italian restaurant. I'm biased since I've been to Italy several times. I was here on business. 
I had the spaghetti shrimp vodka. Very  tasty and huge portions. I could only finish half. The best part was the dessert. The tiramisu is homemade. It's like you're in Italy. 
The manager was very friendly and made sure you were having a good dinner.Absolutely superb food, service, and atmosphere. Our server Giovani was part of what made my dining experience great.Philly has some great byob Italian but Giorgio's is one my favs! Place is always packed so reservations are suggested but the pasta is fresh & delicious every time !  Always forth the wait if you want a satisfying Italian night out !I have been here 3 times and never been disappointed. Their pasta is amazing, tastes like Italy (the gnocchi and ravioli are excellent), service is friendly, and the owner walks around making sure everything is running smoothly and everyone is happy. It's byob and perfect for a date or group. Ok I think this is my new favorite restaurant!!Such a cute restaurant! They were so kind to take Us for lunch even though they were closed for a graduation party. I appreciate that so much. I had pasta and it was nothing short of excellent! Will definitely make it back when I'm in the city!You have to be there to really understand how good it is! Always call before because the place is always packed. Best Italian food in Philadelphia. Homemade food by Giorgio family and great service. Love this place!This place was delicious. Giorgio was funny and very accommodating. It's byob great for special occasions with wine!!!Friendly staff. The owner mingles with all the guests. Went there for the first time on NYE. BYOB so we were happy on that aspect. Food was good but I wasn't overly impressed. Had Bronzino with crab which was good but not great. I would go back but would try others before I went back.We had a reservation for 12 for a birthday party and had received a confirmation phone call. When we arrived, they claimed that our reservation did not exist even when we showed the incoming call from that when they confirmed reservation. The host was extremely rude and even raised his voice, claiming that any record of a call placed would have been written down. Though the night was not ruined, it was certainly a let down and resulted in the whole group standing outside in the 25 degree weather trying to make a last minute reservation. The service here is terrible. Do not rely on them for a large party.I've been here twice now. Each time I have had high expectations...and each time they're not quite met. 
I came with a large group a few days ago and arrived a bit early. While waiting for the rest of my friends, one of the waitresses came up and asked if we had precisely 15--and she meant precisely.  Luckily we did, but it seemed so strange that we were grilled on this issue, especially since we weren't even the ones who made the reservation.
The food itself is decent. It has a good selection, but it doesn't quite match up with the price point that I'm looking for. I ordered the linguine, which was good but not the kind I savor every bite of. I have definitely had better for the same price or even less.
The decorations make the place seem cozy and warm, but there is an odd disparity between some who come to dine for a romantic dinner for two and some who come for a loud and rowdy BYO. Definitely saw both happening at the same time when I was there.
I always leave this place a bit wanting and disappointed (especially after I get the check).We were a party of 5 last night and I must say that we absolutely loved this place! While it is crowded and a bit tight in seating it's cozy and feels like home.  We had the special sweet potato gnocchi for a shared appetizer and it was delicious! We shared a delicious charred romaine Caesar salad and a sausage appetizer as well.  As if I didn't have enough gnocchi I opted for the braised short rib gnocchi dinner and wasn't sorry! The portions are large and we even had a bit to take home! The owner came over and spoke with us on a couple of occasions and I could see he was very good about making sure everyone was tended to.  The dinner was not rushed and we can't say enough about how nice this evening was! We will be returning very soon!I came here at 6pm on a Thursday evening and had a great experience. The space is cozy and nicely decorated. It's BYO, and there's a Whole Foods and an Acme nearby to pick up wine.
I was pleasantly surprised when the waiter brought out complementary bread and olive oil with garlic to start. I ordered the Ravioli (ricotta filled pasta served in a tomato basil cream sauce), and it was amazing. The sauce was so creamy and delicious, and the portion was big enough for two meals.
Our waiter was very friendly and warm. Overall, I highly recommend Giorgio for generous portions and affordable, delicious food!Cozy atmosphere, welcoming staff, and amazing Italian food!! You can bring your own bottle and enjoy an up close and personal meal with company. Did I mention they have GLUTEN FREE options?! 
*** Recommendations:
Sweet potatoe GnocchiAbsolutely superb food, service, and atmosphere. Our server Giovani was part of what made my dining experience one of the best I've had in Philly. Loved the bread basket with the roast garlic submerged in the olive oil. Wow. We started with sautéed calamari and shrimp and had the gnocchi in a light cream sauce and spaghetti a la vodka. Both were the kind of meals that made you long for them the next day. This place is bring-your-own-wine friendly. I will definitely be back.I would love to give this restaurant a good review for their food but unfortunately it has been overshadowed by the rudeness and unprofessionalism our group experienced last night.  We had booked a 6:30 reservation for a special occasion dinner for 20 guests and waited 45 minutes to be seated for our reservation (which we did not have a problem with). We then sat down in a room overcrowded and an extremely loud party next to us making any conversation difficult. Our waitress had to scream over top of us to tell us the specials. The bus boy spilled food on two of our guests jackets (we still didn't get upset). We then were served our food which everyone enjoyed. They then in order to get us out quickly didn't offer the option of dessert to any of us they just threw a few slices of cake on the table and threw a bunch of spoons down (rude and some people may feel uncomfortable sharing). They then dropped the check down. We spent over $700.00 in the establishment and tipped more than a 20% gratuity for our hard working waitress only to have an owner and I'm assuming manager come over and say "I don't mean to be rude but we have another reservation booked for this table and you guys need to leave" mind you we hadn't even been at our table for 2 hours for a 20 person party which we had to wait for our reservation. We got done eating and immediately were told to get up with no option of dessert. They were grabbing dishes and glasses away that people were still eating/drinking from. We had to leave our drinks and bottles there half empty since we couldn't even sit and enjoy the special event when some guests had driven over an hour to come out and paid for parking. Worst customer service I have ever experienced at a restaurant and as a business owner I was astonished at how unprofessional the whole situation was handled.  I can not support another small business owner who doesn't appreciate its customers so I will never eat there again!I'd gone to Giorgio on Pine for the first time last year with a group of 6 for a friend's birthday and it was delicious. I recently moved to Washington Square, and have been attempting to get back there for dinner. Definitely get a reservation ahead of time for Friday and Saturday nights- the secret's out about Giorgio's and it's mobbed on weekends! Finally went again for dinner last night and it was just as delicious. There was not an empty seat in the house, so it tends to be a bit on the loud side. The staff is super friendly and accommodating. We had the caprese salad, braised beef ragout, and cappuccinos. The vinaigrette on the caprese salad is perfect, and all of their pastas are incredible. You can request gluten-free bread for the table at no extra charge, which is also a plus. Giorgio's is the perfect neighborhood Italian BYOB.One of our favorite restaurants!  It reminded us of a local neighborhood restaurant but it's right in the heart of center city Philadelphia.  The food is superb and you'll find a few things on the menu that are not common at other Italian restaurants.  It's a BYOB, so the prices are very reasonable, but don't let that keep you away, the food and service is comparable to any Italian restaurant I've ever been to. Adding to the experience is the service.  I don't know if he does this all the time but the owner (Giorgio) fraternized with our table often.. I thought that was a nice touch.  By the time we left I felt like we were good friends!!  The rest of the staff is just as attentive.  I will definitely be back again.Overall I would definitely recommend dining here.  Service was extremely friendly and efficient (not rushed, but not trying to flag someone down either).  Food was fresh and well done.  Started with soup of the day(potato) and carpaccio salad.  Both very good. For an entree we ordered the New Zealand lambs chops - asked for rare but came out medium - still tender and delicious.  The seafood pasta (shrimp, crab) was very good although it lacked some salt, seasonings.  Pasta was house made and cooked perfectly.  Prices are reasonable and its byob.  I will definitely be back.Took a coworker to birthday lunch here. Ambiance is lovely, service was lovely. We all had the $23pp lunch special which is a three course deal (soup/salad, pasta meal and dessert). We started with the soup of the day shrimp bisque & grilled Caesar salad. I had the bisque but coveted the salad that one of my colleagues had. My peers enjoyed their lunch (rigatoni and shrimp and broccoli something with vodka sauce), I didn't enjoy my meal much, it was quite bland (clam and linguine). I liked that the clams were not canned but fresh. Our desserts (chocolate cake and tiramisu) were rich and decadent! I would come back here for dinner and bring some wine and try a different meal. There are a few vegetarian and gluten free options on the menu, surprisingly. I recommend, just not the clam and linguine.My best friend did her research and decided to host a small birthday party here one Saturday evening. She ordered a chicken and vegetable dish, while I ordered a gluten-free pasta dish with sausage and tomatoes. I thought it was really nice of the restaurant to offer gluten-free bread in lieu of the regular bread that they usually serve. Though it would have been nice if the bread was freshly baked ... 
The price is quite reasonable and I guarantee you will leave this restaurant with a full tummy and a doggy bag. 
Main complaint was the way our bill was calculated. Just seemed like the owner of the restaurant came up with different numbers and added them up.My date and I weren't seated until 20 minutes after our reservation time.  Giorgio was quite apologetic and brought us a plate of bruschetta to enjoy while we waited in the doorway.
Service was fast and friendly.
We ordered the following; it would be hard to rank them by tastiness.  I'd give a 5-star rating on the basis of any one of these.  Total came out to about $50.
Sauteed calamari (appetizer)
Gnocchi bolognese
Fettuccine with pesto (daily special)
Tiramisu (dessert)Amazing resturant !!!! Their always so busy, which obviously is a good sign. I finally had the chance to come here and it was amazing. The food was fantastic and Giorgio was so kind.  It's pretty loud in the resturant, but that doesn't really bother me. I had such an amazing time  from appetizers to dessert, my boyfriend and I will definitely be back.Excellent pasta dishes. They close at 3-4pm so better call them to confirm. Also menu on here is outdated. Standard entree is about $20. But it's worth it.We made reservations for a Friday night dinner.  The first thing we noticed was the noise level, which was very high.  It's a small restaurant and the kitchen is in the dining area, which increases the volume.  But I guess that's just part of Philly dining.  It took a while for our waitress to come over, but when she did she was relatively friendly and knowledgeable.  We ordered the Stuffed Chicken Breast and the Chicken a la Valentina.  The Stuffed Chicken Breast was a little dry, but not terrible.  The Chicken a la Valentina was more flavorful.  Overall, not a bad experience for the price ($20-$25 a person), but with all the restaurants in the Philly might be better served going elsewhere.This is the perfect neighborhood place. Giorgio is always there making sure everything is just right. He loves to get to know his customers and is truly welcoming to larger parties.The service and food were truly excellent! My date and I arrived 45 minutes early, and even though the restaurant wasn't open yet, we were seated and served promptly. To start, I ordered the Cesar salad, which was remarkable. It was slightly grilled and had this smokey taste that perfectly complimented the Cesar dressing. My date ordered the prosciutto platter, and let me say that prosciutto, mozzarella cheese and apples are a fantastic combination. For my entree, I ordered the stuffed chicken. It was scrumptious. My date, meanwhile, ordered the gnocchi, which was light and tasty. 
I absolutely recommend this restaurant.This place is so cute and the owner is super nice.
We stopped in Philadelphia on the way to NY and we wanted to eat  Italian food. We chose this restaurant just because it has the name of our son, Giorgio and it got high rating. 
We were glad we stopped here because the food is super delicious. It is home made style yet very high quality. 
If we come to Philadelphia again, we will definitely stop by here. :)I LOVE this place! I have enjoyed every experience I have had here (all of which have been with my boyfriend, who is gluten-free so we come for easy date nights).
I would give it 4.5 stars today--not quite a 5 star rating, because the dish I ordered this last time was a bit too salty, and dishes are pretty expensive.
However, the owner, Giorgio himself, is such a treat! He always welcomes us with a smile and checks in to see how we are doing. Definitely a worthwhile family-owned business to support, as the owner is so hands-on and personable to his customers!
My boyfriend ordered a gluten free pizza, which was a bit small but apparently he loves. I heartily enjoyed the sauce that my pasta was in, and the pasta itself was cooked to perfection. It is a bit much to eat a huge plate of simple pasta-sauce-peas, but the sauce makes it worth it.
We brought a bottle of wine to share for a fantastic evening, and finished off the night with delicious gluten free chocolate cake which was rich but not too heavy. 
Great small, cozy, intimate establishment that is one of my favorite authentic-feeling restaurants in the city!!Delicious pasta with solid offerings for a gluten-free guest. Although the room got a bit noisy, the fun of byob made it worthwhile . Service also very attentive but not overbearing. Really a nice spot for dinner!We were visiting our sons that just moved to this area. They chose Giorgio's for dinner. We had recently visited Italy and I was hoping our dinner would be as delicious as the food we had there. We were 8 people having dinner. Our reservations were ready as soon as we arrived. All our meals were delicious! From the antipasti salad, to the pork chops, gnocci, "black" pasta, and veal. The owner was there talking to everyone. We talked to him about our visit to Italy. He was glad to hear that we are Italian and had visited Rome, where he was from. Before we left the owner sent 2 desserts to our table that were also delicious. Felt like I was in Italy again. I can't wait to visit my sons again and eat at Giorgio On Pine.Delicious food and great service.  We always have a great experience when we come here.  It's also very nice that's its a byob that accepts credit cards and reservations.If you want to travel back in time when colored people and white people are treated differently then this is the establishment for you. My group of friends were treated very poorly this evening. Unfortunately the owner felt the need to tell my table to keep the volume down in an already loud ambience. The whole restaurant was filled with lots of loud and noisey chatter but the owner and waitress frequently only told my table to keep it down. He was confronted about the lack of equality by several of my friends so he went over to the other tables......But he didn't ask them to keep it down but instead inquired if everything was okay and agreed that we were the loud disruptive group! Never have I felt this type of disrespect in Philly in my 15 years here!Easily the best authentic Italian food I've ever had.  The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  Giorgio is constantly going around making sure everyone has been helped.  He cleans, he food runs, he does it all!  The prices are all very reasonable.  I was very impressed and will 100% be going back in the near future.Tried this eatery with a couple of friends and had an enjoyable experience. The owner/manager was very nice and attentive coupled with the our waitress. I had a pasta dish that was made up of freshly made pasta, really good. The owner gave us a desert to split at the end of the meal, a creamy cake,,,,,yum! I will be back. The only surprise, for my friends was it's a byob place.The ineptitude of the host, the noise, the cramped entry way, for average food and service at best, is too much for me ever to consider going here again. When you have 3 tables on a Tuesday at 830 and make guests wait 25 minutes is inexcusable. It worked out as we went to Amis and had great service and a great meal. They want and appreciate their guests.Phenom gnocchi. Subbed the spaghetti in the "a la vodka" for gnocchi. Buttery soft gnocchi. Ask for a spoon so you don't miss a single drop of the sauce. Nom! Prepare to gorge yourself on their sliced bread and delicious roasted garlic oil before your meal has even arrived. So goodLast evening I came in for the first time with family and friends and was welcomed by the owner and staff like we were regulars. Offered us a bucket of ice for our beverages that we brought and provided us with glassware. The Ceasar salad was amazing and the pasta which was cooked in the open kitchen and plated then brought directly to our table was superb. I will have to say the only distraction with our great night was a group of individuals who were louder then most groups and when the owner went to address the matter it seemed they got louder and louder.     There was an earlier comment about the issue from someone in the group that the owner was dealing with and from where I was sitting the black gentleman behind your group seemed to be treated very nicely by the staff but when that gentleman asked your friend to stop yelling in his ear your friend did it again, in addition to the chubby guy at the end of the table who seemed to be ready to fight someone. When your group left it did quiet down a bit. I will say yes it's a small loud place but if your looking for great food this is the place to go to with your BYOB trust me I came from New York and will be going back in a couple of weeks when I return.I've always yearned to be a regular somewhere and Giorgio might just be the spot. My review is for the more casual half of Giorgio, which is primarily a pizza joint. Despite having the oven going and the many pizzas staring me know the face as I walked in I ordered the burger of the day which came with roasted red peppers, broccoli rabe, and a generous helping of oozy mozzarella. I couldn't even see the beef patty past the toppings and I was ecstatic because I love a high stuff to bread ratio. My boyfriend ordered the Buffalo chicken pizza which I wasn't as keen on but exactly what he wanted. There was only one waitress servicing the entire restaurant but she was very patient and attentive. One of the chefs came around to each table to make sure everything was okay. The bonus is that this is a BYOB restaurant which we found out after we sat down. Luckily my boyfriend lives just around the corner and sped over there to pick up some beer and got back before the food was on the table. Overall I enjoyed some good food in a low key restaurant and was able to keep the tab low because of the reasonable pricing and BYO policy!I recently dined in with a small group on a busy weekend evening. the food was better at this visit compared to my experience with take-out. the restaurant was fully capable and happy to accommodate a gluten allergy (even down to providing a separate bread basket.) the owner was circulating around the restaurant and interacting with each table making sure we were enjoying ourselves. like other diners' experiences, he provided a salad for our table "on the house." that was a nice surprise. 
less one star for the really tight dining space and loud volume with a full house. i'm just not into this kind of scene and wish that the space were a little bigger on these busy nights because i'd definitely be back more often.It would be hard to a find a place with better service. I couldn't find a moment where my water glass wasn't filled. Decent quality pasta, but some of the apps and entrees weren't that exciting/fresh. Stick to the special as they are based on seasonal freshness. Very cozy. Mr Giogio will most likely be watching you enjoy your meal which is a good sign.Best Italian food and best owner in Philadelphia.  We lived in Philly for over 5 years and have moved to NJ but recently went back to Giorgio and it's still the best.  Homemade linguini special w crap asparagus and tomatoes was out of this world.  The owner is always there and truly cares about the service, food, and experience.  His daughters birthday is May 18, our first child's is May 19.  I don't think I know a single personal thing about any owner in Philadelphia and we used to go out to eat twice a week.  Go for the food but come back bc of the owner!Best Italian Food In Philly!
I am a big fan of Giorgio's. Foods Fantastic. The place is well lit. It's a BYO. The owner is great. I've been here four times and was never disappointed. I was always well accommodated whenever I came alone or with my girlfriend or with a group.
Can't wait to come back next time I am in Philadelphia!What a great Philly find.  It was wonderful. There are great places for Italian food in Philly, but this one moved right to the top of my list.  BYOB is a big plus, and a bill that was very reasonable.  Our meals were outstanding. I could have ordered any one of their several specials as they all sounded excellent, not to mention the menu itself was very robust. Owners were on site and very concerned that everyone was happy and taken care of nicely.  What a dining pleasure.  We will be returning - with lots of  friends!  The atmosphere was very friendly, neighborhood kind of place. Thank you.I had a great overall experience at my first visit to Giorgio's (first because there will be many more).  Excellent italian BYO in CC, with amazing caring staff and excellent food.  My only complaint was the noise level was too loud, although this may be weekend specific.
We had to wait about 10 minutes to get in with our reservation, and Giorgio personally introduced himself, apologized for the wait and even brought us some complementary bruschetta. After our excellent meal, we refused dessert, but they brought us a free tiramisu to share anyway.
I will definitely be going back to Giorgio's, perhaps not on a romantic date or with my parents, but ideal for a medium to large group of friends looking to enjoy great food, wine and each others company.Portions are mighty generous! I didn't bother getting an appetizer and it turned out to be a very wise choice, b/c when our entrees began to come out, I got scared when I saw how big my boyfriend's rib eye is.  
I got the special of the day: black fetticini with seafood in garlic and wine sauce.  It was exactly how I wanted it.  Very delicious.  Also, the texture for the pasta was the surprise of the dish.  It wasn't too soft and it wasn't undercooked.  It was absolutely perfect and made it into a bouncy sensation in the mouth.  In fact, we liked it so much that my boyfriend actually preferred my dish over his steak! His rib eye was tender.. but he didn't like the wine sauce b/c it was sour from the vinegrette or something.... 
dessert we tried the tiramisu and the chocolate cake? It was so-so... nothing special to mention
overall, a good place to come to for italian food.  Decent price for an abundance of great food.  Will keep this place in mind for the future.One word: yummmmmmmmmmm!
Love this spot!
Can get really loud during peak hours. If you like to be able to hear yourself talk and think, then come during the less busy times.I've never been to Italy but I imagine authentic Italian tastes like the food served up here. Everything's fresh most of the pastas are made from scratch and it's the perfect byob. I've been here several times and each time is more amazing than the last.Wonderful food, Wonderful service, vast gluten free menu! So impressed, best pizza I've had since having to eat gluten free. Recommend the grilled ceasar salad, yum. Thanks guys, bueno!I came here on a recent Tuesday with my coworkers  and we all had a great time. The meals were large and reasonably priced. This place is ALWAYS crowded, even at 5:15 (which is when our reservation was). The noise level is high which made it hard to hear our waiter. The lights are also brighter than I would like, but the food is definitely worth trying. The gnocchi was delicious, as was the bucatini. They also have a large gluten-free menu if that floats your boat. Will definitely be back.This is a small, unassuming darling place. The staff seemed to be having a great time and Valentina was very attentive and accommodating. When she told me it  was BYOB, I told her I was sorry I hadn't brought something. She then said maybe there was some wine in fridge. There was and she brought it to me, at no cost. I ordered the appetiser of mussels and clans in a cream sauce. It was very good, though once I  dipped my delicious bread in it, it was way too salty. But it was addicting. I will return here because the food and atmosphere was great.First off - this place is LOUD. It's pretty difficult to have a conversation here without yelling so brace yourself for that. Also, despite having a reservation we still waited another 15-20 minutes before we were seated. The staff was really kind though and took the time to check up on us and keep us updated on our table while we waited. They also brought us some free dessert! As for the food - I got the rigatoni which was really flavorful and also supplied my lunch the next day too!YOU HAVE TO GO HERE!  The food is insanely delicious.  The place is small so I recommend reservations and be prepared for it to be a bit noisy, just because it can get so packed.  I went with a large group and all of us enjoyed our food.  From lobster ravioli, to gnocchi, to spaghetti vodka - it was absolutely amazing!  Prices are pretty reasonable and it's BYOBSmall and crowded (even on a random tuesday night) restaurant with a lot of noise. Definitely not romantic. I got pasta with seafood and it was so fishy that i could not even finish a half of my dish. Though, my boyfriend's chicken parm was awesome. Overall, this place was okay.. not the best Italian restaurant in the city.We arrived around 3:30 to the pepperoni and sausage side of the restaurant. There were 6 and a baby and they didn't have enough staff on to serve us from the regular menu. 30 min later they were able to seat us. The food was pretty yummy. Nothing worth the $250 bill that 6 of us racked up. That didn't even include drinks as its a BYOB restaurant.very small and cute Italian restaurant. The stuff is very friendly. I had their Spaghetti a la Vodka. The sauce is very fresh and light, which I appreciate very much. It is also a BYOB!I LOVE this spot. It's a great spot for a big fun group even though space is a little tight. Make reservations. It's BYO, they have some of the best Italian food I've had in the city so far. Really reasonable prices ($14-25 per person for most things) and I had so many leftovers so make sure you're going home to drop it off before going out. I tried others people's dishes and nothing was bad. Always a good experience.First visit...we will be back. Outstanding osso buco and the pasta could not have been more fresh. Tiramisu was very good. The service was very attentive as well.Delicious food and friendly staff. Went with a group of 8 for a party - made reservations and we were seated right away. Everyone enjoyed their meal - good value and quality. We would definitely go back.Beware.  After looking around Philly for a place to have my 30th birthday dinner, I decided to try Giorgio on Pine.  I called several weeks in advance, made a reservation for a Saturday night at 9 pm for 18 people, and was told to be sure I confirmed because they wanted to allow others on their waiting list to come in if I was not going to show.  Well a week before the big day, I received a call that they can no longer accommodate my party - apparently they made a mistake about the size of another party that same night.  So a week before my Saturday night birthday dinner to celebrate my 30th, I have a group of 18 flying in from all over the Northeast, and no where to go.  I should clarify that I was offered a 5pm reservation instead (my reservation was at 9 pm), but this is my 30th not my 80th.  I begged and said please there must be something you can do, but I was told "sorry."  Very disappointing.  Needless to say, beware of planning your large event here - you may be SOL at the last minute with a large group for your special event.We went to Giorgio's before seeing a show at the Kimmel Center last night.  
I asked the server to surprise me with a meal.  I got the gnocchi and veal with eggplant.  It was very good.  
My wife and daughter ordered the cheese ravioli in a blush sauce - and that was excellent too.
My son's pizza had a crispy crust, but he didn't like the taste of it.  And hey, how can you argue with a teenager about pizza.
Overall, the meal was very good and we would go again.  
Giorgio is an active owner and cooks and roams the dining area to make sure your meal is to your satisfaction.
I think if you have a meal here, you will be very pleased.I'll give 4 stars to the very hospitable owner and staff, on a day when this place was utterly hectic and packed. Also for the pork chop that the bf got, which, I have to agree with the others on here, is actually the best, most tender, juiciest pork chop I've ever had in my entire life.
The pasta and appetizers and dessert, however, were just ok and did the job, but in a city full of amazing Italian food, not anything worth writing home about. Portion sizes were enormous, though, so there's that. We got the gnocchi with 12-hour braised beef ragout, the fettuccine with sausage, mushrooms, and arugula, and the prosciutto appetizer as well as the sausage and polenta appetizer. But all those things were relatively tasteless compared to other great Italian joints and were neither rich and hearty nor full of delicate, nuanced flavor. It was just... noodles and sauce.
Again, we left stuffed and satisfied, but for $40 per person, there is other truly great and memorable Italian food to be had.Absolutely fantastic! super romantic. lovely + attentive staff. wonderful diverse Italian cuisine. can't wait to go back!We had dinner here last night.  No complaints about the food which was very good.  The reason for 3 stars is how we were treated at the end of our meal.  We paid the check leaving a very generous 25% tip because we had no small bills.  The waiter picked up the money and never said thank you which was fine. What really ticked us off was as we were sitting there enjoying the rest of our wine and finishing our dessert, the  waiter came up to us and said we had to leave as he needed the table.  I looked at the door and there was no one waiting. In fact there were a few empty tables.
  We have never ever been asked to get up and leave.  Too bad he already took the money as we definitely would have adjusted the tip because of his rudeness.I love Giorgio's. The sweet potato gnocchi, which is usually one of the pasta specials, is so good. The portion sizes are huge and the pastas and vegetables are always really fresh. Great for big groups. It gets a little loud but it's a cozy place. And byob, always a plus.This is a great low key place to head to after catching a show at the Kimmel Center. Delicious food! The ambiance is great although it can get pretty tight. But the wait staff and the owner are very accommodating and very attentive to the patrons. I came here on a spur of the moment type of situation and I am so glad I did.This place was really cute. Nice area, friendly staff, and a solid Italian BYO. There is something here for everyone, whether you're vegan or vegetarian or gluten free or not! It's cash only and super small so reservations seem mandatory. I was with a large group and they were really accommodating. Overall, a really good experience.I've been to Giorgio's no less than 10 times, and it's been excellent every single time. Giorgio is always there in person & he goes out of his way to ensure every guest is delighted.
What originally attracted us is the selection of Gluten free options from appetizers all the way through to dessert.  My girlfriend (who's had Celiac for about ten years) says the gluten-free pizza, & pastas are some of the best she's had.
My favorites are the stuffed chicken & ravioli in blush sauce.
Highly recommend!Found this place on a whim. My boyfriend and I were in Philly and being that we're from Jersey, when we heard that there was a "little italy" section in Philly, we assumed there'd be a bunch of Italian restaurants there like in NYC. Little did we know, it was more like an Italian Market area. So we googled restaurants that weren't that far and found this one. When we walked in the owner was yelling at someone on the phone and was extremely abrupt with us as you could tell that he was A) frustrated and B) busy. It was a little uncomfortable at first. But once things died down, Giorgio the owner was the nicest guy. He was basically the only employee there other than the cook but the service was good and water was always filled. We ordered the ravioli and bucatini dishes which were AMAZING. My boyfriend wanted to order soup but since it was early they didn't have any. We then ordered 1 capuccino and a creme brulee which was to DIE for. He even gave us a piece of tiramisu and the cappucino on the house since we didn't have the soup. We really did have an amazing lunch. We definitely will be back next time we're in the area. Thanks Giorgio!We went here from my son's graduation dinner.  My daughter and I have a gluten allergy.  We had the best gluten free pasta dinner!  The rest of the family also had a great meal.  It is just a little noisy.I'm giving them 2 stars because they offer Gluten Free pasta and pizza and the smell in the restaurant was incredible. The food I got was just 1 star though.
I've been looking for pizza i can eat in philly, and it's rough. I saw that they offered gluten free pizza, so i gave them a call and placed an order. We were excited, so we decided to spring for 3 pizzas (as they only come in a 10inch size) to see what we liked best.
First of all...it was $50 for 3 very tiny pizzas. The crust was pre-made and undercooked. the pizzas themselves were cold and really really oily. 
I'm really sorry to say that it was the most disappointing pizza that i've ever had...and it was kind of a rip off. I'm sure their pasta is incredible and like i said, it smelled SO good in their, so they obviously use good ingredients. The pizza was just blah and REALLY not worth the money.Well this should only be fitting my first yelp review be for the best damm Italian restaurant in CC. In today's world you will find fewer and fewer owners and chefs who care as much about your meal and service as this restaurant does period. 
I visit this establishment often, within minutes I will have a cup of giorgio' famous expresso in my hand, that makes me a happy camper.
They have a new executive chef Crystal Fox, we can expect to see many wonderful dish's in short order.
So if you are thinking BYOB and great food there is only one choice giorgio's on pine.
While your there ask for the giorgio special expresso.
Tell them Joe sent you.
CiaoThis place is nearly a 5! We came here on a Friday night making reservations an hour before we came. It was a late dinner for us, so it was not a problem. We arrived around 9:45pm and were seated promptly. Warning...this place is cramped, so be ready to squeeze in.
We were seated in the upper level which is a half level above the entry level. It was nice as we had an opening in the wall where we could look down at the other level and we were near the window so we could see people on the sidewalk walking by, but we were higher, so they couldn't really spy on our food.
Speaking of food, I had the seafood squid ink pasta special that night and it was amazing! So fresh and homemade tasting. The meat was ample and the bread they provided paired nicely with it. The service was great and it does get loud in here with large groups, etc.What started as a wonderful dining experience, turned into a complete horror show due to the terrible service we received last night. 
This isn't about the food. The food was incredibly delicious. The three of us loved the gluten-free options, as that was the reason why we went. SO tasty and just what the doctor ordered. 5 stars on that. 
HOWEVER, the service we received was one of the most uncomfortable experiences I have ever witnessed in my 27 years of living. 
I will say this: if you need your table to get up, or if you need your tables to turn - communicate. Do NOT point your fingers at us, fling and flail your hands around yelling at your staff, or give us the death stare after sitting in your restaurant for ONE hour. Our server and additional staff were very kind, but whoever that older man is, you need to check yourself. 
Understand how you present yourself is absolutely disgusting and disrespectful. It was and is totally unacceptable for you to be screaming at your staff in front of your guests. Totally unacceptable for you to point your finger at a table and literally talk about them right in front of their faces. You were doing this to a table of people in the industry who read their own restaurant Yelp reviews and understand opinions can be misjudged or tainted. I don't ever post reviews or write about poor experiences because I don't feel like it's progressive to share that with others. But last night gave me all the incentive to let it all out on a public forum. 
We had a reservation for 8pm. Came in at 7:45pm and were sat right away. Amazing. They have reservations written with pencil and paper and when I said my name (mind you I called day of and was told there was a cancellation and I was put on the list) I was stared at like I had 10 heads. We all brushed it off and kept it moving. We had two bottles of wine that were opened right away and we were greeted by our server who was the nicest, sweetest woman. From there, we ordered the mussels appetizer and pasta entrees that were all devoured. Had maybe 1/4 left in our second bottle after our plates were bussed and our bill was paid. Sorry, but I don't think it's out of the question after you paid your bill to take an additional 7-10 minutes to finish your bottle prior to leaving. It seemed as though there was a 4-top across from us who were unhappy with where they were sitting and were eyeing our table. We saw the server tell them that we were getting up. Ok, no problemo. 
But, that older gentleman, whoever you are, was completely beside himself. And, what is so confusing to me is that there were no large parties or anyone waiting at the door. I have been in those sticky situations before and all you do is tell the table that a reservation is either arriving in a few minutes or waiting on their table. Bada-bing, bada-boom - easy peezy. For the most part, everyone I had ever had that conversation with was understanding and knew it was time to skedaddle. But, older man didn't do that. Older man was angry. He decided to grunt and pace up and down the restaurant. Older man decided to point at our table and yell at his staff. Older man showed his frustration and yelled at our server right in front of us. Not okay. Not how you should be speaking to anyone. Not how you should be running a restaurant. I would've liked to say a few words when we were leaving, but he was no where to be found. It'd be nice to have an adult conversation in person, but I had to write this novel of a review on Yelp. Shame on you.
ONE MORE POINT: I forgot one major event. Older man also snatched the money off our table when we paid with zero acknowledgement of our existence. Coins and change went flying. That's it, I'm done.The management and staff at this place is the absolute worst I will never go back. Had a reservation for a large party for my friends birthday a week in advanced. We show up and the hostess has no such reservation. They even called us to confirm it so we didn't understand why they didn't have the reservation. Hostess was a bitch and then gets the manager. We show the manager the call log with the restaurant number, clearly showing that they called us to confirm the rez, and he starts screaming saying it's not written down in the book and there's nothing he can do. Clearly you need to get your shit together, Georgio.This was my second time dining here and both experiences have been wonderful.
The food is amazing, a lot of options on the menu but their "specials" are what keeps me coming back.  Homemade pasta, featured salads, huge portions, and reasonable prices! Not to mention is a BYOB which is a huge plus. 
Even better than the food was the service. Our server was knowledgeable and very attentive. Both times that I've dined here the owner has stopped by my table multiple times just to check in and make sure my party and I were enjoying our meals. On this particular experience the owner was kind enough to send over four complimentary plates of Dessert as a way to say "Happy Easter." This was such a kind and unexpected gesture. 
At other Italian BYOB'S I've dined at I've been hit with "sharing charges" or "corking fees" but that wasn't the case here. The bill was exactly what I expected it to be.
I highly recommend Giorgio on Pine!This place is the best!!!!! The food is family style Italian, very authentic. It is up scale without being too fancy. My boyfriend spilled a little red sauce on his shirt and a waitress immediately came over to him with oxy clean. Our waiter was so nice and gave us recommendations. The best part was there was no rush at all. It was a relaxed fun vibes definitely going back!!!!!
The fettuccine bolognese special was amazing
Linguine and clams so light and yummy!Good food, good pasta, service and byob! Got mozzarella with prosciutto as an app, primavera with shrimp, my husband had pasta with crispy pancetta and shaved vidielia onions, everything was delicious right down to creme brûlée, service was friendly tooFood is ok
Giorgio is a racist however
All these reviews of him chatting up customers, wouldn't even look me in the eye
I'll get my Italian food elsewhere and make both of us happy GiorgioCame here for a girls' night and fell in love with this place. It was absolutely amazing. We tried a trio of different pastas.....someone got pasta with seafood and pesto, another person got a meaty red-sauced pasta and I got calamari pasta. Absolutely fresh and to die for. They also serve fresh bread with garlic oil which includes huge chunks of roasted garlic...I could have eaten the whole thing to myself. Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly throughout our stay and gave us her personal suggestions, which we appreciated. I'm a bit of a crème brulee snob, so my expectations are always set high when ordering dessert. It was one of the best crème's I've ever had. It was torched perfectly and the serving size was perfect. I love the concept of BYOB places in Philly, and we brought several bottles, which were chilled and opened for us, complimentarily. Our entire bill with 2 desserts included came to 50-some dollars. I couldn't believe it. The only downfall was there was a bit of confusion at the beginning of the night. We called for reservations at 7 and when they got there, they had us down for 9pm. So they sent us next door to the pizza shop (which is owned by the same people) to wait. We were starving at this point, so we ended up ordering an app-- as soon as we got it, of course the owner came over to tell us our table was ready, around 7:45--so we had to scarf down our app (which was amazing!) and gulp our wine (which wasn't a problem ;) to head back over to the restaurant. It kind of got off to a frustrating start, but believe me when I say it was worth the inconvenience to partake of this experience. Can't wait to go back!We continue to adore Giorgio on Pine, the wonderful gnocchi, and of course Giorgio himself. They are accommodating in finding a table for us when it's busy and I'm realizing now that they've given us free dessert at every visit. Such a lovely, delicious place. Do yourself a favor and definitely make reservations.We were in Philadelphia for the marathon, and we had a reservation for a party of 9 the night of the marathon.  There was a lovely table set up for us in the upper part of the restaurant.  Although the restaurant was full, it was crowded in a good way - lots of happy people eating delicious food with wonderful atmosphere!  Giorgio came right over to our table and introduced himself - always a nice touch!!  We had brought our own wine and there were already glasses set up on the table and the waitress immediately offered to open our bottles.  The waitress (Susan) was excellent - so familiar with the menu and just a fabulous waitress - anticipated all of our needs and then some.
The menu was great - not too big, not too small.  One of our party is GF and there was a whole page of gluten free offerings for her (including GF bread)!  They brought bruschetta to the table immediately, which was delicious.  We ordered several appetizers - one of the tastiest was the carpaccio.  For the main course we ordered several of the specials, and one of the favorite dishes was the thick pork chop.  Everything was served hot and excellently prepared.  For dessert they brought out complimentary pieces of tiramisu and chocolate cake.  All in all, a great experience.
We can't wait to go back to Giorgio on Pine next time we are in Philly!!It's a very small restaurant. We had a reservation for 6, which they had on the list but didn't set up the table before. They had to move this couple's table to set ours up. There is only ONE cook making ALL the foods which is kinda amazing but so it takes quite literally FOREVER. The portion size is HUGE. Gnocchi was pretty good but VERY salty. The gluten free options were AMAZING so many options! Bottom line, food amazing, service or professionalism not so muchAbsolutely worth the effort of finding a reservation and then even waiting a half hour to be seated past the reservation time.  Service was great and pasta was perfect5+ stars!!! Phenomenal and friendly  service.  Everyone loves a BYOB, especially one with such fabulous food.  From the bread with garlic oil to the salad, entree and coffee-everything hit the spot!  Cute atmosphere with packed interior speaking to it's genuine food and company.  Can't wait to take people back!I heard how amazing this place was from friends and from other reviews on here, so I had to try it for myself. Getting reservations was a bit difficult but absolutely worth it. The bread was good, but the meal was amazing. The restaurant is a bit crowded but we felt comfortable in our area. The wait staff was friendly and professional. All of our meals were cooked to perfection. The desserts were to die for. Will be coming back here in less than a month.We had a pre wedding family dinner at Giorgio On Pine for 40 people on June 19th 2015.  We are from out of town and were very nervous about the arrangements.  But we were very happy with the dinner. Giorgio and his staff did a superb job. They made everyone feel very welcome, the food was excellent, and the main waitress was just top-class. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Thanks to Giorgio On Pine, our dinner was a huge success.
Thank YouGiorgio on Pine is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city. I've been here several times and never had a bad experience. The menu is big enough so that everyone can find something they like, the food is consistently good, and the prices are reasonable. Staff is always friendly and the owner usually walks around to make sure that everyone is happy. It is BYOB.Giorgio on pine was awesome. The pasta was great, and the staff was super friendly. I would, however caution that it can get a bit noisy.Delightful small restaurant with a great menu and great service .... quiet ... the food was really delightful ...... I am a vegetarian and there were a good amount of options ..... we each ordered a pasta dish and a salad to share ..... we received two complimentary appetizers .... it was a wonderful surprise .....the waitress was sweet , very professional and very good ...... thanks Giorgio ..... I will be back ....My boyfriend and I came here strictly for the purpose of eating some gluten-free fare. We are on an endless quest for a good gluten free pizza where the crust doesn't fall apart as soon as you pick it up. I was really excited to see their extensive gluten free menu. Not only that, but they can also make pretty much ANY item on their menu gluten free, with like two exceptions, seriously. 
Our server seemed pretty knowledgeable about gluten, which is always good. He had the pizza with sweet sausage and bell peppers and I had the gluten free stuffed chicken (stuffed with prosciutto, spinach, tomatoes, cheese) that came with roasted potatoes and broccoli. We brought a bottle of light Riesling, which was put on ice for us (I always love it when restaurants do this).  
Both of our meals were outstanding. The pizza was a good size, not HUGE, but the crust wasn't paper thin as is the case with many gluten free pizzas. My chicken took longer to cook (the server informed us of this), but it was definitely worth the wait, it was really juicy, not dry like in some Italian restaurants. We were too full to try their desserts, but I would definitely return to try them (gluten free sugar fest!!). We finished our meal with two espressos, and the only thing missing was the little lemon rind, but I really love this place! 
PS. Giorgio himself came over to our table and asked how everything was, very nice man!This is one of my favorite Italian restaurants. I went with my boyfriend last night and we were craving bruschetta which wasn't on the menu. When we asked the server, he was kind enough to put an order in for us and bring it out. I always get the gnocchi and last night I wanted to get something different and ended up choosing fettuccine Alfredo. This by far, is the best fettuccine Alfredo I've ever had. I kept picking at it until the very end and literally couldn't stop. I love going here and never being disappointed in our dinner. Definitely a must in Philly!Always good. Great staff. Great Menu. 
I don't like Caesar Salad & I always have to order the Grilled Caesar Salad. It's grilled & marvelous. 
Lots of times when it's busy you can see Giorgio out front handing out Bruschetta to people outside. 
Whatever the special is, order that. 
Handmade Pasta. 
Gluten Free Options. 
BYOB. 
They support Dining out for Life every year.This place was so unbelievably relaxing. I felt like the owner was another person at our table, and not in a bad way. I came here because my brother has celiac disease and they have gluten free pasta. We told the owner as well as our waitress and they were extremely accommodating. 
When we were seated we were given bread with a garlic olive oil (best I've ever had). My brother ate two full plates of gluten free bread and they didn't charge for this. I thought this was crazy because I know how expensive gluten free bread is. 
We started with mussels in white which had chunks of sausage. It was so yummy. Best sausage I've had at a restaurant. I ordered spaghetti with pancetta, shaved onions, white wine, and spicy marinara. Italian food is definitely my least favorite food but I would totally come back here. 
I even tried my brothers gluten free pasta and it tasted better than the regular pasta!Don't even try to make a reservation. The phone rang off the hook (20 Times) and finally answered.The lady popped her gum so loud in my ear, it's still ringing. When I ask about a private room she said, we have one in our bathroom...?
NO THANKS. Next!What a great place!! Food was absolutely wonderful as was the staff! And I loved the coziness and look of the interior as well! Can't wait to go back!!Giorgio on Pine is a must visit. This BYO restaurant offers incredible friendly service and an intimate experience that is absolutely perfect for a first date or special occasion. The food is mouth watering and very affordable. The veal medallions combined with a nice bottle of red wine is soooo money. 
Two thumbs up. Fellas, bring your lady here, Its a sure thing.Great place, excellent menu. Very gluten free friendly. Small but a friendly, welcoming staff. Good location.I just went to this restaurant for the third time, my last time being when they were half the size - I remember their food being SO good but it was less than mediocre this time.  I'm not sure what happened - maybe change of chef or owner?Amazing.     The caesar salad was really unique and gnocchi was the best I have ever had anywhere!    The service was perfect.   Don't forget it is byob.I was in town for work and was excited to see an old friend for dinner. The interactions with the staff have me so upset several hours later that I had to write this review. 
The food was not as special or unique as we thought it would be, but it was definitely good. The service on the other hand was not the best. The gentleman who brought out my soup spilled it on my suit, did not acknowledge or apologize. When he noticed me wiping it off my pants and my chair with my napkin, said he didn't see anything. The server came over to apologize, but was quite condescending when she offered to get me OxiClean. 
I do not complain about poor experiences, however in this case I felt I had to speak up. It appears to me that lackluster customer service is common at this restaurant. The spilled soup wasn't the point or the issue, the failure to respond in appropriate manner certainly is. I do not foresee myself visiting Philly anytime soon, but when I do, I will not be dining here.Giorgio has a good bistro atmosphere, which ties in beautifully with their menu. It's a bit small and loud, but that is a small trade off for the meal. The staff is friendly and efficient, and their recommendations are can never miss. Do not have second thouhts on visiting this BYOB, for it will not disappoint you.I loved this place. Both the food and the atmosphere was top notch. I shared the prosciutto platter, which came with mozzarella and green apple slices...a unique combination that tasted great. I highly recommend it. 
For my main dish, I ordered the Rigatoni, which had Italian sausage and red peppers in a white wine garlic sauce......my mouth is watering just thinking about it, this dish was amazing!  I think going with the white wine sauce was a good idea (you also have the option of having this dish with marinara) because it allowed the sausage to really shine, whereas I think the marinara sauce would have taken away from the taste.
Also, I really liked that the owner, Giorgio, came over to make sure we were enjoying our food. I saw him around the dining area a few times throughout the night, checking in on the tables. The restaurant had a very home-y, authentic feel to it....not over-the-top like some places, but just right. 
I can't wait to go back to this place!! I would recommend it for a romantic dinner or dinner with friends/parents. (probably too small/quiet for kids, unless they are very well behaved)This is my most desired restaurant in Philly.
I live in Woodstock, NY but manage to come to Philly every 6 weeks or so. Georgios is my main attraction. The food is terrific, the ambiance is a buzz, lots of grad students and students enjoying themselves . The staff is so cool, Georgios hovering around making sure everything is ok. They start you off with baked garlic in olive oil as a bread dip, yum .
Sometimes some brochettes if you had a wait.
It's BYOB, which is terrific 
The food is all homemade, can't miss ..
The waiter we most cared for Giovanni, has taken over the pizza restaurant next door, he is special too.Good Italian food with lots of gluten free options. Love that it is a byob! My only complaint is that it can get a little noisy. There was a bachelorette party the night we were there and the room we were in became very loud with a large party.Three reasons why this place is AMAZING:
1) The food. You get big portions, good prices, excellent quality and the waiters never make you feel awkward when you ask them to PILE on the cheese. So much yum. (I recommend the spaghetti with shrimp and broccoli, the rigatoni with sausage and peppers and their fettuccine special (if they have it!) with spinach, shrimp, and mushrooms.)
2) Giorgio, whom the restaurant is named after, personally seats you and he is SO accommodating if you don't have a reservation. He makes you feel absolutely at home. I came here twice in a three-week period and the second time I went, he said- you were here two weeks ago! With friends from Ohio! Akron, right? I was so impressed that he remembered. What a memory this man has.
3) They really makes their customers feel special. I have gotten complimentary bruschetta, and samples of their desserts when we were stuffed from dinner and didn't have an ounce more room to put dessert in us. I am always so impressed by their generosity and willing to go above and beyond for their customers. THAT'S how you get a loyal following and why, when I went on a Sunday night and Tuesday night, the place was PACKED.
Definitely check this place out if you love good Italian food, being treated amazingly well, and want a cozy, intimate atmosphere. You won't regret it.GO HERE!!!! I am an extremely sensitive celiac and I full out gorged and did not get the least bit sick. I never would have tried this place without the glowing reviews on findmeglutenfree and I'm so glad I did. The staff assured me things are prepared separately and most are gluten-free anyway. The chef is celiac if I heard my waiter correctly. Italian restaurants always scare me and this is the first time I have had pizza at a "regular" restaurant in over 4 years. LOVED it. Also the roasted Cesar salad and the flourless chocolate cake. Will be back when I am in Philly again!!!! (This is the same review I left on findmeglutenfree.com)We visited last night and had an awesome dinner and experience. The food was fresh and service was great. BYOB saves some money and the prices on the menu were very reasonable and fair. We came in from out of town, booked this based on Yelp, and we will definitely come again on our next visit to Philly.Never a disappointment at Georgio's . From the warm welcome from the owner to the chit chat from valentina. Food is always good and service is great.  Best in the neighborhood!!My wife and I enjoyed everything about this place. We're from NY and and we wished we had a place like this near us. The food was excellent and service great. The man who I believe was the owner spoke to us and was very generous. I would certainly recommend this restaurant to anyone.The best Italian food I have EVER eaten! The staff was amazing as well as the atmosphere. No complaints at all. Just remember it is BYOB! Very, very satisfied!I should have just went my gut instinct. Waited over 45 minutes with reservations to be seated is a tight cramp space. The owner could have been sympathetic since we were celebrating a birthday instead he was very abrasive and impatient. My friend was clearly under distress because most of her guest weren't showing up and the staff wasn't making things better. The owner then had his minions do his dirty work which was rush us out the door before presenting us with an ultimatum about lighting the candles on the cake. 
As for the food the grilled Caesar salad I sent back to the kitchen consisted of burned chicken laid over top of two stalks of stale romain lettuce that should have been trashed. The calamari was bland and rubbery. This was a very disappointing dining experience on a day that was supposed to be a celebration."See, that is worth being fat for. l'm sorry, it's worth it."
-Miranda, Sex and the City
re: Glazed Krispy Kreme Donut
Yep, that's pretty much how I feel about the spaghetti with mixed shellfish in tomato and basil sauce at Giorgio's (and all carbs in general, for the matter).  
Headed over to this neighborhood BYO last night for the second time.  It was hot, I wanted to dine al fresco, and my stomach was being a bit too tempermental for my usual spicy Asian fare.  It was pretty late on a Wednesday night so we were the only people there, but that only meant more doting by the waitstaff, including a complimentary piece of tiramisu...(not usually a fan of this dessert but I must say that it was scrumptious).
My seafood pasta was simple and fresh, and that's the theme that runs through Giorgio's menu: simple, fresh ingredients that blend together beautifully.  The shrimp and calamari were melt-in-your mouth delicious.  With just a hint of parmesean cheese dusted over the noodles, I polished off a plate of pasta the size of my head and couldn't have been happier about it.  
My dining companion had one of the specials - Gnocchi made with chestnut flour in a light cream sauce.   Let's just say that lactose and I aren't the best of friends, so I try to avoid cream sauces at all costs, but this one was VERY light, and the chestnut flour gave the Gnocchi a very unique, nutty taste.
I'm happy that this restaurant is in the 'hood - it's a quality stand-by option.My boyfriend and I have been thinking for a long time that we need to find a decent, robust, no-fuss Italian place to add to our repertoire of "favorites" in the neighborhood.  Originally we started thinking we would have to go somewhere in the Italian Market area, but reading the reviews on Yelp for Giorgio (which is a BYO) inspired us to try it out.  We were NOT disappointed.  
We started off with the grilled caesar salad.  My boyfriend was, at first, perplexed that the romaine lettuce hearts were themselves grilled, but he was quickly rewarded for his open-mindedness when the smoky flavor of the grilled romaine was an excellent complement to the caesar dressing.
For our second course, he got the linguine with proscuitto and peas in a tomato cream sauce, and I got the gnocchi in the beef ragout.  Delicious!!  The gnocchi were like little pillows of heaven, and the beef was tender and incredibly flavorful.  Nothing was over-salted (unlike at Amis and Barbuzzo), and I could really taste all of the simple-but-pungent flavors that went into creating the dish.  
We decided to try out some tiramisu for dessert, even though the BF usually doesn't like it -- but this one he liked!!  Makes me happy, because I LOVE tiramisu.  They even brought us a little piece of chocolate cake to sample, which was unbelievably nice of them.  
Not only was the food good, but the service was uber-friendly and exact.  Giorgio was chatting it up with all the tables, and we even saw him in the kitchen helping out on the line for a bit!!  The servers were informative, helpful, and very very nice -- quite unlike someplace like... say... Mercato where they can barely look you in the eye while talking about specials and opening up your bottle of wine.  I can really do without the "hipper than thou" attitude, and Giorgio's servers were certainly NOT uppity.  Add all that to the fact that the prices are EXTREMELY affordable, and the whole package becomes pretty much irresistible.
We plan on becoming regulars.  No doubt.I wish I could give half stars, I would have given Giorgio another half.  First, they take reservations, which is key.  I was probably the most annoying customer they've ever had, as my reservation changed from 9:15 to 6:15, then from 11 people, down to 6, then again down to 4.  I'm surprised they didn't block my number.  They were very accommodating to the reservation changes, and also held our table even though we arrived for our reservation a half hour late.  This place is BYOB, and BYOB holds my heart.  Where I deducted a star is the ambiance.  Although it is a cute little place, you literally have to YELL to have a conversation over the noise.  I was pretty sure our waitress was going to bust a vein in her forehead, reciting the specials to us.  They have homemade pasta, and you can choose what kind of pasta you'd like with each dish.  I had the linguini which came in a garlic cream sauce with peas and prosciutto.  I changed the linguini to the homemade fettucini.  Definitely delicious.  And fattening.  All of my friends scarfed their meals.  Except the preggo who was turned off by the kale (which, I, without hesitation took off her hands for her).  Deliciously sautéed in garlic and oil.  Yum.  Would definitely return with lots of bottles of wine.  Would avoid for romantic date situations unless you want to scream above the noise.  All in all great times, great food, reasonable prices....  and BYOB!My boyfriend and I came to Giorgio on Pine for a date on a Saturday night. We called for a reservation the day of and had no problem. It's a lovely, homy Italian BYO on the equally lovely Pine Street. 
We walked in and got the one table in the middle of the restaurant. Not ideal, but we weren't worried that that would affect our experience at all. They were very apologetic that we got that table, and made up for it later in the meal.
To start we shared the Grilled Caesar Salad: charred hearts of romaine, house made dressing, and grated parmesan. This was like nothing either of us had had before. It was delicious, and the grilled-ness added a really great flavor to the salad. We then split a pasta dish and a chicken dish. The pasta was delicious, the chicken just average. For dessert they brought out a creme brulee on the house since we got the shafty table. DELICIOUS. Best creme brulee I've ever had. It turned me into a fan of creme brulee. Nothing has topped it since.
Great dinner, great place for a date, great BYO, great dessert, great staff etc.I'll have to update my review once I dine in. But my experience for take-out was excellent. I needed some carbs for a 5k the next day, so I went for the Gnocchi with Beef Ragu. The order was ready in 15 minutes. I ran in, paid, ran out. The gnocchi was perfectly cooked, not too firm and not too soft. The aroma from the ragu sauce is a bit weird at first, but after the first bite, I was hooked. One of the most flavorful pasta sauces I've tried. Looking forward to coming for a full dinner!After using the Yelp app to search for gluten free places to eat in Philadelphia, we came across Giorgio's that just happened to be near where we were walking. It's on Pine street near the theater district, a little bit off the beaten path it seemed. 
We got there about 7pm on a Tuesday night. We didn't have to wait at all and they weren't busy until later around 8pm.  The hostess promptly seated us and brought over the menu. Pretty much anything on the menu could be made gluten free. They use Schar's pasta but also have a brown rice pasta and gluten free pizzas. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about gluten free. It seemed as though they were known in that area for gluten free foods. 
I didn't know we had to bring our own beer/wine or else I would have grabbed some on our way in. Lesson learned. 
They brought out regular bread and garlic/oil for my husband and a separate gluten free bread tray for mine with my own oil to prevent cross contamination. 
I started with the soup, a potato soup with mozzarella and bacon. It was really good but lacking the potato pieces in the soup I hoped for. 
I chose the brown rice pasta with the beef goulash. It was very good. The pasta was cooked perfectly, just enough sauce and the beef was tender and juicy. Extra parmesan cheese on top and I was a happy camper. I only could finish about half of it so we boxed it up and took it back to the hotel. 
My husband had the special with spicy sausage pasta with a light white wine sauce. He said it was amazing. 
Dinner for less than $50 was a pleasant surprise! 
I often struggle with finding places that have not only a gluten free menu but an understanding of cross contamination and safety concerns. Even if the food was horrible, they would get a great review for having such a wonderful experience for me. 
I highly recommend this place for those of us looking for gluten free options!!let me start off by calling out another yelper (LAJIB) who happened to be dining right behind my friends and I. I know it's the same person because their group acted so outrageous & disrespectful! I've never witnessed anything like it! They threatened to write bad reviews so I hoped to call them out on. They came in drunk, screaming & yelling and declared the owner was singling them out for being Indian! He respectfully asked them to keep it down (many times)! One man from their group decided to get in the elderly owners face! Disgraceful! Our table was made up of many races and we were treated GREAT! Our waitress was sweet and amazing all the while dealing with disrespectful drunks! The food was delicious (the lobster ravioli was to die for) and we enjoyed ourselves despite the group causing drama. I've been to Giorgio's about 6 times and never witnessed nonsense like this!!I brought my boyfriend here yesterday for his birthday, everything was perfect! i called ahead of time and told them it was his birthday, they offered to bring out a chocolate cake slice with a candle, when it arrived he was so surprised. We ordered their home made fettuccine. I wanted chicken in mine and they accommodated and made a suggestion to switch to a rose sauce as it would test better, so glad i did it was great. He had fettuccine with sweet sausage, broccoli and mushrooms, he loved it. We brought a bottle of wine which they opened for us. 
The restaurant is located in a beautifully tree lined street. It's cozy and homie, and can accomodate some lareg groups w/out loosing teh cozyu feeling.
I will be returning, this is now our go-to italian restaurant.I went here for my birthday and had a great experience.
The sautéed calamari appetizer was great - and a nice change of pace from the standard deep-fried calamari rings.  The blend of calamari, shrimp, and cannelini beans was a great balance of flavors and very tasty.
I ordered the house-made gnocchi in a 12-hour beef ragout, which was so good that I purposely did not overeat and finish the plate, so I had leftovers and could relive it again for lunch or dinner. The portion was very generous, and after bread and the appetizer, was too much to eat in one try anyway.
The tiramisu was light and flavorful.  I wasn't blown away, but still enjoyed the dessert.
Service was friendly and easygoing.  It was only mildly busy on a Wednesday night (I'd still make a reservation, just in case), so we were able to sit and enjoy our meals for a while, without feeling rushed by anyone.  
The fact that it's a BYO is a huge plus, too!Sure all restaurants have an off night, but regardless, I could go no higher than 2.5 stars here. We have lived within 2 blocks of Giorgio's for almost 2 years and have never ventured out of our rut of going down to South Philly to some of our favorite go to Italian places. Last night it was humid and still threatening rain, so we decided to finally try this little local gem (according to reviews), 
When we arrived we were seated without a reservation. Menus arrived, we placed our bottle of wine on the table and then we sat, and sat, and waited. Another couple came in and were seated. A couple minutes later their waitperson arrived, poured their water, opened their wine, gave them menus and began telling them about the dinner specials. Still, we sat as food was delivered to tables around us. Just as we had decided to get up and leave, partly due to the lack of service and the fact that it was hotter and more humid inside than outside, our waitperson arrived. Sorry for the wait, was about it. 
Our wine was opened, she left and we sat again. When she returned to take our order the din in the restaurant had grown to the point where it was almost impossible to carry on a conversation and the humidity and heat combined was more than the one ceiling fan could even begin to keep up with. 
Giorgio came by to make the same small talk twice and then the food was delivered. I give the food 3.5 stars and the portions for the price are good. I had the rigatoni with sweet summer sausage and my partner had the zitti. Both were good and we enjoyed the freshness of the ingredients used. 
As our conversation had become increasingly louder to overcome the noise in the dining room (can you believe they have background music plying, too?), we decided it was time to leave as people were standing in the entry and waiting outside to get in. Once the bill was presented and we paid, in cash, again it took forever for our change to arrive with the less than sincere, sorry. 
My advice to Giorgio is to get a couple AC window units, make sure you have enough wait staff to handle the capacity you cram in this small space and lose the music as it only adds to ones inability to carry on a conversation. To anyone considering trying this place, do not do it on a weekend, you may have a much better experience than we did. With all of the great Italian places to choose from, we probably won't be back for some time.I can't say enough. It makes you feel like your coming back to your grandmothers house every time I come back. The menu, the pricing, bring your wine with you..it's amazing. 
They'll even let you suggest and create your own entree. There's no other Italian BYOB in the city quite like it. Do yourself a favor.One of my favorite BYOB Italian restaurants in Center City Philly. Giorgio is present to make sure you are greeted and seated in a timely fashion and will check in on you to make sure you are happy with your meals. I do recommend reservations as this place gets pretty filled up most nights. I loved the linguine with prosciutto and peas and the stuffed chicken breast entrees. The portions are great, the quality is fresh and prices fair. The only thing I'd change is the bread served as its on the hard side.Been here several times before - pretty good Italian for bigger parties. We had a party of 14 or so there last night and everything was pretty standard. With that said, not many BYOs in the city accomodate that size and Giorgio's has on several occasions for us. 
Decent food but not amazing. In fact, the gnocchi (which quite a few of the party ordered) was subpar. Been here before when it has been better but it was definitely off last night. As a whole, nobody raved about the food but enjoyed the location.  
It is what it is and I'm okay with that. Accomodating, cozy atmosphere, BYO, and okay prices for Center City. But there are better BYOs in Center City for the same price. If you have a large group though? It's worth a taste.Food: 4 stars (tasty but not everything on the menu is extraordinary)
Ambience: 3 stars (too noisy, but cozy italian family dining)
Service: 5 stars (great)
Overall- 4!
I went to this place twice within a week. First experience was a spontaneous decision to go out for dinner with a few friends. The four of us tried a variety of things. The soup--delicious. The salad--unique? Grilled head of lettuce. Interesting enough, but not overly appetizing.
Clams and mussels? I don't personally eat things in shells, but the sauce was like eating buttery heaven. I dipped two baskets of bread in that clam butter sauce, and it was heaven times a million.
The pasta: Gnocci = to die for. Delicate gnocci prepared in a light red sauce with that yummy kind of falls-apart-in-your-mouth stewed beef. Delicious beyond delicious.
Veal was also tried out at our table- I didnt taste it, but I heard it was delicious.
I went back the weekend after and brought my whole family along for a post-easter dinner. I decided not to repeat the gnocci, and got the Raviolis instead. Eh. They were nothing to talk about. My grandmother's store-bought frozen raviolis are actually better than what they served. The sauce was good- it was a cheesy blush sauce. Kind of heavy, but tasty.
So, I wouldn't recommend the ravioli over the gnocci.
service is good- the staff is diligent and attentive.
I would check this place out if you are looking for a cozy italian dining experience.I really wanted Giorgio on Pine to be amazing and blow me away in terms of Italian cuisine. But it was pretty average... except for one thing.
We ordered the grilled calamari for apps and it was okay. The homemade pasta was solid and the gnocchi was good. For me most of the food was good, but it didn't leave me with any urge to return for the apps or main dishes.
What really made this review a four star instead of the three was the homemade tiramisu! It was honestly amazing and definitely worth any cent. If you are a fan of tiramisu this is the place for you to fulfill your sweet tooth!had dinner there with friends and everything was incredible. home made gnocchi, amazing sauce for the mussels and clams, soft tiramsu....everything. lovely dinner and we weren't rushed. i will definitely go back again.Great food....Good service.....Linguini and clams very tasty  I asked for red sauce though the white wine sauce was listed on the menu ...I hardly ever eat all of my food..... so good I finished it there! !!Love discovering adorable byob places :) pleasantly discovered its gluten free, perfect for my celiac friends and paleo dieters!Just had dinner on Friday night.
Reservation was made a week in advance. My girlfriend and I arrived shortly before 8. We waited around for 5 minutes or so before we were seated. It was fairly crowded, but not terribly noisy. It is sort of small as one might expect if you visit many individually owned restaurants in Philly. 
The host, waiter and server were all very nice and attentive. Water glasses were full, plates were cleared promptly and the food was served quickly.
It was BYOB and there were no extra charges like opening the bottle or anything like that. In fact, my girlfriend ordered the alfredo thinking that she ordered the special. The waiter was overly apologetic (because it was her mistake, not the waiter). My girl said that she would eat what was served (which she commented was very good), but the waiter returned anyway moments later with the plate that she has wanted and did not charge us for it.  On top of that, we declined the coffee, tea, dessert option at the end of our meal and they still brought out a small dish of tiramisu free of charge. 
As far as customer service goes, they went way above and beyond in many aspects. They have placards from some food rating group showing that they won the customer service award consecutive years going back to 2010 and I can see why.
As for the food, we ordered a sweet italian sausage appetizer, which was very good.
I had the gnocchi with beef and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
There is not a whole lot to say about food other than that it everything I had was very good and my girlfriend also enjoyed everything. 
I definitely plan to go back in to the city specifically to eat here again.My husband and I took his sister and her fiance here for a casual, weeknight meal to celebrate their recent engagement.  I was shocked to find Giorgio PACKED on a Thursday night.  We came armed with bottles of wine and beer, which were promptly popped open.  For the table, we got an order of the sauteed calamari.  I really love calamari that ISN'T fried so I enjoyed this dish.  It was a decent sized portion for four of us but you may want.
I ordered the gnocchi, after hearing rave reviews of it on the interwebz.  I have to admit that the potato puffs from heaven lived up to their hype.  I thought they weren't too starchy and I really enjoyed the meat sauce on top- especially since the meat was super tender.  After our meal, we were stuffed and didn't order dessert, but Giorgio gave us a piece of tiramisu to eat later (it was just ok).
Why not 5 stars?  I enjoyed my meal, but I definitely think this is more of a place for "just out of college" aged, larger groups.  Also, my sister-in-law and I got our meals wrapped up and the waitress handed us the wrong containers.  I didn't realize until I opened it the next day at lunch.  It wasn't a big deal, but I was really looking forward to eating the rest of my gnocchi (I did, however, just eat my SIL's food anyway- thanks sis!)  And while the food was good, there are better BYO's that I've been to in the city.
I would recommend Giorgio if you are looking for a BYO for a group and need a place that has solid, standard Italian dishes that everyone likes.  Also, if you are gluten-free, this is the place for you!  I, for one, will definitely be back for some more of that gnocchi.NOTHING LIKE IT IN PHILLY! FANTASTIC!
The food is great, the prices wonderful and the owner amazing!  Where else can you show up on a busy Saturday night, missing two people in your party of six and have the owner say, don't worry I will seat you. Order, wait for them whatever you want!  Amazing a throw back to when customers mattered.  By the way NO one in our party had ever been to the restaurant.  There is no pretense, no rude hostess in a little black dress. The big boys in town should have a meal there once.  I am a loyal customer for life now.  The Gnocchi was amazing, the grilled Caesar salad also. It is loud but by 9:30pm it had really quieted down. BYOB to boot.  It would have been nice if they put the white wine in a bucket of ice, but this is nothing considering everything else. If your looking for Italian before or after a show around the corner on Broad street. Look no further, you have arrived.Went here on a first date. Food was great but service could have been better. Seemed to be kind of a busy night but they were able to squeeze us in. Our waitress was kind and courteous but often forgot about us due to the fact that we were placed in the corner of the restaurant. Food was worth it. I got the clams in the wine sauce. It tasted absolutely wonderful. I could not finish it and had a long trip back the night so when I told the waitress I wouldn't be packing it she seemed shocked and kept pestering me to take it home. I will definitely be back to get the pasta and highly recommend to others.The best dining experience I've had in a while. The food was very good, the prices are reasonable(byob). The service was the best part. Our main waiter was great and made it look easy. I think his name was Steve (he would remind you of the actor Sam Waterston). We were a party of seven and the service was flawless. We weren't really up for desert, but he brought out a plate of tiramisu and chocolate lava cake and 7 spoons anyway, gratis. He made sure to inform me that 20% tip was included in the bill. I tipped another 10%.i was really looking forward to eating food from this establishment based on all the rave reviews. opportunity struck at lunchtime a few weeks ago. i ordered the gluten-free vegetarian pizza and a caesar salad. the food was prepared relatively quickly, and the owner was very friendly. however, the pizza and salad were just "eh"; i wasn't blown away by either dish. the cost was about 25usd but i was able to get two meals out of the amount of food ordered.I feel the need to bump up Giorgio on Pine to 5 stars after my husband said to me during a recent trip there "I think this is your favorite Italian BYOB in the city".... and I couldn't disagree!
Everything I've eaten there has been delicious, prices are reasonable, and they treat you like family. On our last visit, Giorgio brought out some complimentary desserts to apologize for the (bachelorette) party of 20 next to us.   I like places where the owners appreciate your business!
Can't wait for my next visit!Maybe I should give this place another try but I thought it was just okay. I did go here with a big group of friends so we had ordered like 20 dishes so perhaps that affected it but I had gnocchi which I consider pretty tasty but nothing that special. I also once ordered their pizza as delivery and it was just okay. If i get a chance I will retry and order something else as most of my friends rave about it.I went here with high expectations and was sorely disappointed. I have no idea how this place has gotten 4 stars overall. I ate here with my boyfriend on Saturday night. We had early dinner reservations at 5 PM before a show. The tables were crowded into the space and our 2 top table was so small we had to pile the bread on top of another plate to fit everything on it. Let me just sum up the food by saying the Italian bread and garlic dip were really good, as was the bottled water, and lemon tartufo dessert. They probably make none of that there except for the garlic oil. Everything in between, appetizer, salad, and entrees, were mediocre at best. I'm Italian, I know how to cook, and I know good food too. This place did not have it. We got the sausage and polenta appetizer. The sausage tasted ok but was a little bit rubbery. The grilled Caesar salad was eh. It was overdressed and the dressing tasted like mayonnaise. For dinner I ordered linguini with white clam sauce. It was oily, bland, and the flavor it did have was not good. The whole clams were small and tasted fine. The portion size was pretty large but I did not take the leftovers home because I didn't want to eat them. My boyfriend got the fettuccine Fra Diavolo with shrimp and mussels. His sauce was also oily. It was thin and not very spicy like Fra Diavolo should be. The shrimp were small. The mussels tasted very fishy. The fettucine was homemade and on the al dente side which I like but the thin, unflavorful sauce ruined it. For dessert we got 2 cappuccinos which were decent, 1 tiramisu which was very mushy and not too tasty, and 1 lemon tartufo which was excellent. I'm sure it came from some dessert company. I've had the exact same thing at other restaurants. They didn't garnish it or make it look like anything special. The ball was just plopped on the plate. For 1 bottle of still water, 1 sausage, appetizer, 1 Caesar salad, 2 dinners, 2 cappuccinos, and 2 desserts the bill was $97 and change, which was reasonable for the amount of food. The quality and taste were sorely lacking though. The service was not impressive either. We had 2 waitresses and a waiter. We used up the $100 gift card my boyfriend had so we were happy about that because we have no intention of ever returning to this restaurant! Oh, and parking is a nightmare, so don't even bother even trying to park on any of the side streets, which have numerous broken meters, and go straight to a parking garage.A pleasant and intimate BYOB in Center City.
We arrived at Giorgio on a quiet Wednesday evening and were seated promptly for our reservations. The space is an intimate BYOB Italian restaurant (ambiance: 4/5). I loved the Italian accent from who I am assuming is the owner, Steve. It's like I'm back in Italy! Okay, not really, but it certainly adds to the charm of the restaurant.
Our wine bottles were promptly opened (service 5/5) and we ordered the Prosciutto Platter and Sauteed Calamari to start. The Prosciutto Platter was perfect and the combination of fresh prosciutto, mozzarella, and fruit was a fine surprise (5/5). I would have never thought to combine the three had it not been for this restaurant. The calamari was good, but not great. I probably wouldn't order again, though. The dish was fresh but it lacked any real flavor outside of the lemon we squeezed on it (3/5). 
Since the prosciutto was so good, I decided to order the Veal Prosciutto which was fantastic (4/5) but not the best I've ever had. My wife's Spaghetti a la Vodka was out of this world, though (5/5) as the hand made pasta and house made sauce was the highlight of the evening. My wife stuffed herself and I cleaned off what she couldn't finish. I simply couldn't get enough.
Overall, it was a great evening with fantastic service and some great friends. Our party of eight was handled with tremendous care and I can't wait to head back and try something different on their menu.We stumbled on this charming restaurant after opting out of a fancy, pricey Italian spot down the street which our hotel concierge had recommended to us.  We could not have been more pleased OR lucky to have found Giorgio's!!  The staff and owner were absolutely attentive, accommodating, down-to-earth fun. Better yet... the meal was SUPERB!  I had the Gnocchi and it was easily the BEST I've ever had....and fantastically abundant with roasted garlic (yes garlic makes me very happy!).  To top it off, we told the owner that we loved the food and the establishment so he sends over Tiramisu on the house...and it was to-die-for delicious!!  Oh, and BYOB is the way to go.... no high mark-ups on your wine or beer, just bring your own...my preference!!  I highly recommend this place on ALL accounts...everything!  Walk past those expensive 5-star joints and head straight to Giorgio's!Love this place! The pastas are always delicious too! Definitely make a reservation as it is always full.   Tight space and the dining room is small but it has a nice neighborhood Italian charm.My new favorite BYOB
Giorgio is so attentive, he remembers my thru reservation. The food is delicious,  the service is excellent. Everything is fresh and made very well.  Very savory. We had the night special pork chops which was delicious and the fetuccine with shrimp and mussels.  Very cozy restaurantI went here for my friend's birthday.  I have mixed feelings about the locatoin.  When I first checked out the menu online I was not that happy because it really didnt have anything that interested me, this made my dinner options rather small.  It is also a BYOB, which has its benefits and drawbacks.
The venue is MUCH smaller than I expected.  you NEED to make reservations, esp on the weekend as they are very busy - which the owner kept telling us as we had a large party and it took a while for everyone to arrive.  he was extremely concerned about everyone showing up, because he kept saying he could seat others if our guests werent coming.  i found this disrespectful and annyoning and his overall demenor was unlpeasant.  it was also very tight seating wise.  our reservation was at 8pm, and they had smaller parties when we showed up but by the time we left there were 4 large parties in there - iwas INSANELY loud and you couldnt hear one another - likely because of the BYOB, so this is not a place to take childresn, and none were there really.  it did get too loud for me at one point.  so those would be the negatives.
Positives are that the dishes are very large and come out really hot - one of my petpeeves.  With the bread they serve some garlic cloves in oil that are really good, but the bread is not.  Everyone ordered something idfferent. I got the roasted eggplant and tomoato salad on lettuce w/mozz and balsamic drizzle.  i was gravely dissappointed in the fact that the lettuce was shredded - that is not a way to serve a salad.  and the eggplant and tomatoes were ice cold - not what i was looking forward to and the mozz was really small.  I ended up getting a side of marinara sauce and covered it on my salad - that made it a little better but honestly i didnt eat much of it, i was disappointed.  postive was they didnt charge me for my side of marinara.. the waitress was also somewhat rude when i asked for veggies on my salad she said it would be too much food - i dont think she understood whati was asking.
we closed the evening with free tiramisu - which i didnt have so im not sure how it was.  in the end i would not go back, nor would i have ever picked to go there - i didnt like the atmosphere and was disappointed with my food and thought the staff was somewhat offputting.  i wouldnt go out of my way to go hereI have been to Giorgio's twice and was very impressed both times. The first time was while I was looking for an apartment, and he had just opened. I was unaware that it is a BYOB, but Giorgio was kind enough to give us some wine from the leftover bottles that other diner's leave. The food is very good, and both times I left very satisfied.Fantastic!   Had great family meal.  Food, atmosphere, and service was awesome.  Owner extremely engaging and welcoming.  Will be back more than just a few times.The food was great and the service was even better. Giorgio was extremely attentive and gave us a sample of their gnocchi because he felt we needed to experience it for our first visit. Would definitely go back.Ok so went to Giorgio because it bad been on my list for some time. The hostess was not the nicest. She was actually kinda rude. I mean it is a small place, I am checking in for my reservations & she rudely says- could you please wait outside? How on earth can one possibly know that there were 15 people leaving the restaurant & that you don't have anywhere to stand so they can go by??? Minus on BIG star for that.
Now that I have gotten that off my chest- the food.
You get bread & oil at the table while you wait- it was okay.
Had the calamari & it was very tasty. Had the Mussels & the italian sausage overpowers the mild mussels. 
Hubby had the fish special- my favorite on his plate were the greens that it was served with. Those were phenomenal. I had the gnocchi. I felt that they were a little dense. I've had gnocchi that are as light as air & these were not light. They have very large servings. It is a BYOB so that is a plus, but it become challenging when the tables are so close together so it leaves little room for anything to carry your ETOH & the tables are so small you don't have the space to place on table. 
Glad we went, but not sure if I would make it a point to return on our next trip.We went looking for a romantic dinner in this Italian restaurant. We are from Spain and we have a lot of good italian restaurants there. 
We have to say tha the food was was ok and the waiters were very kind, but the place was crouded and our reservation for two people resulted in a table in the middle of the restaurant, where the waiters were not able to move around and they have to move us to allow other people to go to the resterooms.
Besides,the owner was a bit rude.
We would not recommend it and we won't go again...What a wonderful experience my family and I had at Giorgio on Pine last night! I actually took my very picky Aunt, who has a limited number of foods she "loves". So, this could've been very good Or very bad...so glad it was exceptionally the former!!!
First, the goodness started when I called in to see if we needed a reservation as we were already en route. I was told by the owner Giorgio that we did, but then was informed that if we could arrive within a few minutes...we could be squeezed in...cool. Probably not the best planning, but as I said...picky Aunt had an idea of where she wanted to go, but couldn't remember the restaurant's name nor address LOL! Just as well, Giorgio was our 2nd choice and what an awesome choice. 
The restaurant itself is a bit tight, but very cute. Giorgio himself greeted us and was super sweet. We waited in the front area for maybe 5 minutes, then were seated at a nice table. Some reviews mentioned that the restaurant is loud and that is an understatement. However, we didn't mind too much, but be prepared if you're on a romantic date or something :-0. Our wait person was fantastic and super animated, she just made every item sound like something you wanted to try...very smooth! 
They brought Bruschetta to the table, along with bread and fresh garlic oil...yum! For entrees, we ordered the Gnocchi w/ Gorgonzola sauce and Arugula, Spaghetti a la Vodka w/shrimp, Fettuccine w/sweet sausage and mushrooms and Grilled Salmon. Everyone LOVED their food, which is amazing in my family!  We didn't have room for dessert, but that amazing Giorgio...they sent over a complimentary Tiramisu, which was just the right amount to share. Well done, Giorgio...well done!!! We'll be back, Happy Eating!Very good & great hospitality!  We enjoyed the Calamari for an appetizer & lots of pasta.  You won't go hungry:)I live right down the street and have been tempted to eat here since moving it. Well, I finally did and it was worth it. I would suggest going with a reservation since the first night we were told to wait and were not seated for 30 minutes. The host was even a little off-putting, however, the excellent service made up for him.
*Warning* If you are looking for somewhere quite, this is not the place to go - the noise bounces off the walls...
As for food: 
I had veal and the soup of the day. It was delicious. It drove me back for more a few days later and I gobbled up some gnocchis. I was prepared this time with BYOB wine. Delicious. I will definitely be backWe really had a really wonderful time here for a birthday dinner. My boyfriend had a ribeye (that came with some sides that made it a big plate) that he savored every bite of and I had a gluten free pizza that was way better than you would imagine, but not as much food as his steak! They even gave us a free dessert with a candle. 
The only gripe we had was the bread. It came cold. But we asked them to warm it up, they explained the only oven they had was for the gluten-free pizza so they couldn't warm it up without contaminating. Even so, my boyfriend said it was absolutely delicious. Only problem is, they didn't have any gluten free bread, so I watched him eat his bread and my slightly smaller meal left me a bit hungry. I'm sure if I had gotten the GF pasta I wouldn't have had that problem.
Overall, highly recommended. Really great service and staff, friendly and accommodating! BYOBI adore this place!
Food is great, portions are generous. Love the owner as well, he is very nice to talk to!
Hard to get a table on Saturday, make reservations people! I always go for specials of the day, they always have something unique. 
Btw, it is BYOD!We had dinner here on 4/10/17. The entire dining experience was top notch from start to finish. Our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive.  All of our dinners were so delicious that we all kept trying each others plate! The owner came over to our table to see how we were enjoying the food. It seemed to me that they really cared about the food they served. We topped off our meal with cappuccinos and dessert. Creme brûlée and tiramisu. All house made and tasted every bit homemade. Also a byob which was an added bonus! We can't wait to go back!