Mmmm. Just had a really great lunch here. It's a perfect mix between a sit-down lunch and a food truck lunch. Quick, and seriously delicious, but you can also sit. Not cheap, though...but worth it. 
I had a spicy pork taco (2 minimum, so I shared) and seriously? I could have eaten 4 of them. The tortilla, which is clearly not exactly a tortilla, is almost sweet and it plays so well with the flavors of the spicy korean pork. And the sauce...that sauce is talk with your mouth full "dis is soo good" type of sauce. Going to get a bottle for home...
I also had the Dak Bulgogi (spicy chicken bulgogi) and it was also really good - but I did a lot of sauce dipping, making it even better. My rice was a little on the sticky side, but it was still a really solid lunch. My bf got the spciy pork rice dish in a stone bowl (lunch special 3) and it was also tasty. 
Service was fast, and good. I'm a fan.This place is very quick service and the owner and people working there are very accommodating. We ordered the vegetable steamed dumplings and they were good. It came with some edamame and some carrots which was a little strange. We also ordered the dol sot bibimbap, the soon duboo and the bulgogi. The food was pretty good, the meat could have been a little more flavored. I also wish they had spinach instead of romaine lettuce in the bibimbap. Overall, I'd go back. Not mind blowing, but does the job if you want some quick Korean.Pretty good dol sot bibimbap: piping hot (seriously steaming!), but the flavor was lacking something. Great kim chi and loved the pickled radish and cucumber. Overall, a little pricey for what you get, but good for a Korean-food craving!Kimchi Pancakes - good flavors,  a little soggy.
Beef Bibimbop in Sizzling Bowl - fresh ingredients yum!
Thanks Zagat!THIS PLACE SERVES OVERPRICED, BLAND, LESS-THAN-MEDIOCRE FOOD. UUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Don't waste your money here.Giwa Taco. That's all that needs to be said.  Amazing.  Not very well air conditioned and simple small venue, but the price is extremely nice.  And the food is very good.Mmmbibimbop! Such simple food, but delicious. Lunch time drop by at this tiny place, got the bibimbop with tofu, friend got it without. A delight for lunch, not too slow (not too quick either, though). You may have a problem finding a seat, and your pocketbook will be a bit lighter (but your stomach will be heavier so it all balances out), but a good treat to forget about work for a while. It is definitely overpriced for what you get, so I won't be getting here too often, but I will return. If it was more reasonably priced, I'd give it 4 stars.I love this place! I think I must come here every week, maybe even twice a week sometimes.  The food is always fresh and flavorful; the staff is really nice; and the food is served quick.  
I like their Dak Bulgogi (spicy marinated chicken) and their buckwheat noodles (only available during the summer). Their new dish, Giwa Taco, is threatening to be a new fav!  
Most dishes are served with a little kimchee and pickled vegetables on the side.  Yum!Small portion size and skimpy on the meat on an almost $10 box. Can get much better at H mart. Taste was mediocre or average. I guess it's center city.I wanted to like this place, I really did. Since moving to Philly, I've missed good ol' Korean food.
This place reminded me of a restaurant near our dorms when I studied abroad in Seoul, so I had high hopes.
Unfortunately, the food kinda fell flat. Service was good and quick, but my dol sot bibimbap was pretty flavorless, even with the pepper sauce. I was expecting bulgogi for the meat, but it tasted like flavorless beef. My fiance's bulgogi was definitely better. I'll try that next time, if we return.Bleh, dent in my wallet...
Okay this place is decent, but i don't know I just can't fathom charging $10+ for takeout lunch when all of the neighboring Asian places are so cheap. I called ahead to place an order, but still had to wait 15-20 minutes after I got there to pick up. The place did not have much standing room, either! Also, not bitter or anything, but the other customers who had been waiting for a while were offered coke or something for the inconvenience, but I was just very quickly given my order. Their prices don't really represent what's listed online, and their lunch special sign is also confusing.
Anyway, my coworker and I had the vegetarian Giwa Signature Bibimpop (gourmet rice bowl) and the Soon Du Bu (spicy soft stew). Both were decent, but the Soon Du Bu was seriously lacking that special kick.
Credit card minimum is $15?! What?! Probably "normal" because they charge so much for their entrees, but as Aria S. always points out, this isn't even legal so they should probably reconsider this "rule."
I would like to come back and try the stone pot dishes, but maybe only if there's a special or Groupon or something.This place was amazing. Really cute intimate restaurant with great food. Wait staff was great and food was given to us quickly. The bulgogi was delicious and well complimented by the sides given with it.  They have a nice drink collection as well. This is a great lunch spot and I'm excited for their move to a larger location.  We even bought their sauce when leaving which is a great thing they offer.Finally find a sweet Korean restaurant near my work place! Hot stone bibimbob is always my favorite. Last time I visit I tried their beef ribs as well. It is good but not as amazing as Bimbimbob in my opinion. The only thing you need to remember is that the lunch time will get very crazy there. You literally could end up wait for 30 mins to get your meal around 12 ish. So get ready for that or go a bit early or later.I spent a few months in Seoul, South Korea a hundred years ago, and one of the first things I tried when I was there was Bibimbap. I really enjoyed it!
I walked past this place a few times and I decided to go in and see what was what. I got the Dol Sot Bibimbap w/ chicken and it was fantabulous! Spicy, delicious, and with everything sticking together and crackling it was to die for. Service was nice and friendly, and I didn't have to wait too long for my meal.
I will definitely be back to maybe try the Giwa Tacos.Really like their food.  Highly recommend their "specialty" which is the stone bowl.  Some of their other menu items are not as tasty, but still satisfying.  Went on Friday, for lunch.  Be PREPARED for a HEAVY lunch crowd.  Finding a seat can be very challenging because the restaurant is so small.  Still, the staff try to accommodate everyone who wants to eat in.Went here on a Saturday right after they opened at noon.  Which I found a little weird that they opened at noon? we originally tried to go at 11:45, cause its Saturday and im hungry! But oh well, walk around for 15 minutes and in we went at noon.
Ordered 1 Pork taco and 1 spicy chicken taco each.  We also split the Kimchi Pancake.
Kimchi Pancake was good.  I maybe wouldn't get another one again, but only because I would need more room for the Tacos!
the Pork Taco and Spicy Chicken Taco all consisted of the same filling. tortilla, cheddar cheese, sour cream, onion, cilantro, lime juice, rice and iceberg lettuce.
The Pork Taco was a bit too sweet, but it was quite tasty.  Maybe an extra squeeze of lime would freshen it up.
The Spicy Chicken was my favorite taco.  I usually enjoy really spicy food, so if this was supposed to be spicy, I didn't feel any heat.  Next time a little extra sour cream.
Will definitely be coming back!When your hot stone bowl cools down from the constant stirring of the food as it continues to cook creates an experience that is unlike any other.  
The Dol Sot hot stone bowl for lunch with the pork is just a small slice of heaven.  Their in house hot sauce isn't terribly spicy but it is more of a sweet chili that when mixed into the stone bowl creates an amazing depth of flavor.
The side pickled items traditional to korean food are always a pleasant treat and their red kimchi is the best kimchi hints of salty and savory all wrapped up in a cold cabbage, delicious.Nice place to have simple and well westernized korean food. The owner has passion to introduce korean food to us market.The Beef dol sot bibimbop is AWSOME SAUCE!  So is the red pepper sauce...mmmmm!  I never eat spicy food, but I tried the sauce and really love it.
Not great for take-out, lately the meat has been VERY FATTY.  Please get it together or you will be missed. I miss you already.I walk by this place every day and never give it a chance but i am soooo glad that I did today! I'm not really sure what I had because I told the girl I would have her favorite vegetarian dish (only my second experience with Korean food, so I assumed she'd be the best person to suggest something). My lunch was served in this sizzling hot bowl that continued to heat the food while I ate. 
Service was fantastic, reasonable price for a big lunch and even though I finished everything I didn't feel gross! I walked away feeling healthy and light. 
I will be back ferrr sure!this is a review for just their food, since i didn't actually dine there, i can't say anything about service and ambiance. maybe next time i'll dine there and i can update my review. 
well...i miss having a variety of options for korean food since moving to philly. i've pretty much bookmarked every korean restaurant near by and it isn't very much. so this place is near work, and i've been wanting to try it for awhile now. a coworker was gonna go for lunch so i asked her to bring me back something too. their website via yelp wasn't working so i told her to just get me a bibimbap. basic and simple. when she got there, she asked me what kind of meat i wanted. they had the standards...beef, chicken, tofu, vegetarian...i opted for the beef. she came back and i was surprised at the portions! huge. they definitely aren't stingy with their portions, even giving us a few different banchans. i know some places just give out kimchi and that's it. 
anyways, the bibimbap was delicious. i will def be trying them again for the stonepot bibimbaps and tofu soups. woot woot!Me & my sister decided to give Giwa another chance, to redeem themselves from our awful last visit. This time was much better! We shared the spicy pork Korean tacos, the Giwa bibimbop & a kimchi jjigae. 
The Korean tacos were tasty, with rice, veggies, spicy pork & spicy sauce. I wasn't a fan of the rice in the tacos, since the only Korean tacos that I've had were from Ladder 15 (amazing!) which basically consisted of taco, kimchi, beef & sauce & Very messy to eat but in a good way.
The bibimbop was tasty, but you can tell that the sauce has been dulled down to suit American tastes. The kimchi jjigae was dulled down also. Maybe next time I should ask them to make the food spicier. On another note it was nice how I was greeted in Korean once I walked into the restaurant. I guess they just knew that I was Korean? Service was much better than last time also. Glad I gave Giwa another chance.
But seriously, almost $12 for a bibimbop? Probably cheaper to make it yourself.My brother is bringing his new girlfriend, who is Korean to visit from Christmas and since I am not familiar with Korean food, I thought I'd get acquainted before she comes! I got the recommendation from a coworker about this place and I read it had good reviews.
First impression - AWESOME! What a cool place! The interior was simple, clean and classy for a small hole in the wall. The kitchen is, well, right there so you can watch them cook, it is amazing. They cook everything in stone bowls over a huge flame and they use pliers to move the bowls from the burner to the wooden serving tray. You actually eat out of the stone bowls it is cooked in. Talk about fresh.
I went in at 11:50 and not joking, the place was packed by noon. I took a phone call outside while I was waiting and when I came back in, I had to shimmy to the counter to grab my to-go order. A busy place is a always a good sign.
The food is delicious! Not to sound like a broken record, but it is fresh, fresh, fresh! I got the Dot Sol Bibimbob with tofu because a lot of yelpers suggested it and I was going into this experience blindly. The rice is sticky and crispy which adds wonderful texture, the vegetables are delicious - red peppers, cabbage, carrots, sprouts, mushrooms, baby corn. I like that it's hot but not super hot, like make my eyes water hot, which I was afraid of. I'm trying really hard not to eat it all so I can save some for later, but that might not happen.
I give Giwa 4 stars instead of 5 because I don't think their lunch special was much of a special. With most places, there is a set lunch menu with the same price for all, but here that was not the case. The Dot Sol Bibimbob was $10.95 and came with rice and two sides. Well, it seems like the rice is a staple in the dish because without it, it would just be vegetables and tofu. Secondly, I think there was a miscommunication about the sides because I got two of the same thing and the "side" is a to-go ramekin size. So as far as a "special" goes, it's not that special. And although they take cards, I think there is a minimum (but I didn't see it anywhere), because when I gave her my card, she asked "do you have any cash?" Which I didn't, but she rang it anyway...so I'll bring cash next time, I guess.
Oh and I did eat it all by the end of this review. I'll definitely be bringing my brother's girlfriend here :)this place isn't bad...but i will agree that their food does lack some flavour... their presentation is wonderful though, i loved how the tofu and shredded seaweed are stacked perfectly upon my bibimbap.  unfortunately i don't like that they add radicchio to their bibimbap, it's too bitter and i always have to pick it out.  plus, i feel that their appetizers are way overpriced. 
on the plus side, they will give you a hefty amount of pepper paste if you ask (those two little default squirts simply aren't enough for me), they actually heat their dolsot hot enough so you get the brown crispy rice (which i love and don't get enough of thanks to modern rice cookers!) and they label their veg*n friendly items.I have been there a few times for lunch. It gets packed really fast between 12-1pm. The food is okay for what it is. I typically get the hot beef bibimbap or the Bulgogi. It's pretty pricey for lunch. But the quality is pretty consistent and they give you a good amount of food. 
I do want to try out their rice cake and ramen combo next time and remember to take advantage of their complimentary water instead of buying an extra drink.Honestly, this was probably the best dolsot bibimbap I've ever had anywhere. The dolsot was hotter than hell as it should be, making the desired rice burning easy. Toppings and meat were fresh. Crispy crunchy spicy salty sweet healthy goodness. I think the kimchi was even good. Staff was friendly and quick. Awesome little place.If you want the best Dol sot bi bim bap in Philly, you have to come here. No one else makes it as good as Giwa, served in a sizzling bowl and topped with wonderfully fresh vegetables and perfectly cooked meat (or tofu). Could I just have a little more of that hot sauce, please? The soft tofu stew is also good, but honestly I prefer Miran's version of that dish - plus Giwa typically only gives you 1 or 2 banchan with your meal. Given that they're pretty pricey (seems to typically cost $15 or so per meal if you get a soda or other drink), you think they could offer you a few more with the meal.
Seating is tight and this place gets packed at lunch hour, so go early or late if you want to relax while eating in.The tofu soup was bland and oily. The bulgogi was way too sweet. And the "sides" or what I assume was suppose to be banchan was either way too sweet like the bulgogi or just cut up vegetables. I'm love Korean food, and this place made me sad, but maybe I just got them on a bad day.Eat here at least once a week and love their Spicy Pork Bulgogi or Beef Bulgogi. Sad that they'll be closed for a month or two as they re-locate a block away, but glad that they are staying and will continue to make delicious food!Just so so. Sadly the only real selection for Korean in center city. The usual selection of dishes and decent quality.Love this little place.  Staff are friendly and attentive.  The place is clean and well maintained.  I am now addicted to kim chi because of them!  I usually get the Bi Bim Bop or the Bulgogi.  They also give you these tasty little side dishes with every meal that usually vary from day to day.  Sometimes I stop here on my way home and takeout.  Wish they delivered!Almost a 3.5'er, minus a star because of the prices that keep going up here. Good lord, lunch for two plus bevvies = $26!  And that includes no table service and I have to clear my own tray? That seems a bit steep to me - especially when I have to do clean-up duty.
I'm strictly a lunch girl for this place - and I return despite the hefty lunch price tag because it was Giwa, after all, who first introduced me to the sizzling bibimbop and spicy kimchi.   In the years since, it has been consistent in its execution and big portions and they always have the most fresh ingredients.  If you like-it-a-spicy, be sure to tell them - the fire factor on the sauce of a scale of 10 is about a 3.  Bonus: you can substitute multi-grain rice with any order.
Tiny space, tiny place, tiny kitchen.  They don't offer ice with the sodas. They pack it in at lunch - tight seating at the counters and no more than about 8, 2-seater tables, so be prepared to show early or to get it to go.I have been here three times now, and each time I walk away simply delighted! I had the dolsot bibimbop the first time I visited, and it was wonderful. The only criticism I have is that they don't give you a fresh egg to cook with the stone bowl. Instead they serve a julliene egg that has already been cooked. But that is a minor detail.
Recently I had their Signature Bibimbop with Shrimp, and it is so good! I love that they don't serve it over the rice, so that you have the choice of eating only half the cup of rice and tossing the rest. ( Or giving it to a friend). Its a healthy, filling meal. 
I agree with Catherine L. though, the prices are getting absurd. I will soon have to find another alternative....yet this one is so close I don't want to!!! Also, I agree with the comment about the sauce...if you like it hot ask for more!!!!Small, intimate, and delicious. They have something for every palate.
I went with the Bibimbap and a can of green tea. Bibimbap is served cold (traditionally, though there is a hot style available!) and you get a side of kimchee with it. Eat everything and leave full or eat half and leave with a snack. Or get it to go in the first place, because like I said, the place is small.First time at Giwa and would say it's average in service and in food. 
It's nice that they have screens you can use to order from but I ordered from a person since I had never been and she wasn't very helpful and seemed confused by a lot of my requests (subbing bean sprouts for rice, not getting spicy sauce).
The portions are good but for $15 I would've expected to take home leftovers. The menu is a little confused so I'd be sure to research a bit before you show up.
A few additional notes from my coworkers were:
- getting a hot bowl to dine in was hard to eat quickly because it's designed to keep the food warm but keeps it TOO hot.
- order extra sauce bc they go pretty light even if you order regular 
Overall liked what I got but wouldn't go back unless with someone who specifically wanted to.The dol-sot (hot stone bowl) bibimbop is basically the only dish I get here; over and over again.  I normally like to experiment, but this dish is just that good.  You need to patient with this dish to both let the rice crisp appropriately and avoid burning your tongue/mouth on the hot stuff.  The regular bibimbop is quite tasty, as well; I got to try it doing take-out.  The place is small and often packed, so I wouldn't recommend it for large groups.  The staff is friendly, but you bus your own table.giwa is just ok. their tacos are good, but mainly becaus theyre the only ones making korean tacos. their "famous" hot sauce tastes like red pepper paste and vinegar..nothing special about it..Small place with only 7-8 tables and two countertops with stools. However, there was no shortage of enthusiastic diners on this Friday night. The number of diners clearly outstripped the seating availability. There was a group of maybe six people seated around a two-person table. However, the general lack of availability of Korean cuisine in Center City makes this one of the few  options around.
I think the prices are a little high but as I mentioned, there aren't that many places around so I guess less competition and less incentive to lower prices. We got the seafood pancake, hot bimbimbop, and galbi.  Portion size was pretty decent but an overall theme I noticed was "burnt." The underside of the seafood pancake and the galbi were both a little burnt. I agree there's a fine line between slightly burnt and crisp but I think this was more on the burnt side.  Or maybe I just don't appreciate the taste of charcoal. I did appreciate that the hot bimbimbop's hot steel bowl was housed in a wooden stand so that you don't accidentally touch the bowl and singe yourself.   The two "sides" that came with the entrees are pretty unimpressive - a few cubes of what looked like turnip and a very, very small amount of kimchi.   It's a sad substitute for the half a dozen dishes of banchan that I'm used to in areas where there are a lot of Korean restaurants.
Service is self-serve. They call your number, you get the food, and you put your tray away in a shelf on the wall after eating. There are two jugs of water and you again self-serve.  You do have to sort of navigate between tables when the place is busy.
Overall, we had a good experience here - portion size was decent, flavor was pretty good.  The two sides are just "meh" and I feel like things are a little overpriced but again, not too many Korean places to pick from in Center City so this isn't a bad choice.  Just don't forget to make that reservation if you're coming with a big group.The bimbimbap was an enormous portion but a rather clumsy preparation with a huge unseasoned hunk of tofu on top. Even with the dipping sauce, flavors were one dimensional.  Dumplings were overcooked, while my companions' tacos were similarly o.k.
A better choice for the1600 block of Samson for quick lunch (from a different part of Asia) would be the Philadelphia Chutney Company.Came here Saturday night between 7-8 pm on a rainy day. They have multiple touch screen monitors where people select what they want . They call the order number when the food is ready. Came here with a group of 6 and everyone liked their food except for the dumplings.If you're based in Rittenhouse, have a huge craving for Korean and are looking for take-out, this place will work. Super small set-up made it feel awkward to sit in and eat. The "famous" Korean tacos were more like Mexican-style tacos with Korean meat versus the Korean taco truck-style I was expecting (def missing California at this point)...the sour cream and cheese is def not necessary and takes away from the meat. The duk bok gi was cooked really well, but the sauce was more sweet than spicy (versus Miga's, where it was fiery hot and yummy...yet $$). Soon du bu was ok, nothing special. All in all, it'll do in a pinch but will prob spend the few extra bucks and head to Miga if I'm in the area and desperate for Korean.The Korean Pork Tacos are insanely great, I love them.  You get 2 for about 7 bucks, they really are great, with a nice kick. The sauce the serve on the side is wonderful and will make you sweat.  I could eat these pork tacos literally everyday.Great lunch specials! I had kalbi one day and the spicy pork bulgogi a few days later. You pay at the counter, wait at a table, pick up your food, and bus it back. They sell cans of soda, tea, and aloe drink. Try the aloe with the spicy pork.Full disclosure:  My wife and I grew up eating Korean food.
I've gotten food from here twice.  The first time we dined in and had a couple of the stew and rice dishes.  Both were terribly underseasoned, overpriced, and the kimchee inedible.  
But it's hard to find good Korean in the city, and I wanted to give them another change so I picked up some dumplings, beef bulgogi, and yook gae jang.  Again, the food was not authentic Korean, not tasty, not cheap, and we will not be back.Hot lunch spot for a limited selection of Korean dishes. It's important to note that these few dishes are really simple, healthy, and tasty. I noticed that about 70% of the people eating there ordered the dol sot bibimbap that comes in a hot stone pot - seems to be their specialty here. I ordered the soft tofu soup and give it an average rating. Overall though, it's a nice, cheap, quick, friendly, and really clean/modern. If you need your bibimbap fix, this is the place to go.I stopped by Giwa for lunch and got their signature cold bimbimbap. Perhaps it was the overly glossy sheen inside and out, but I was expecting something a little more than just high prices (most lunch specials were approximately $10 with their regular equivalents pushing $15). Yes, the portions were large but they weren't epic in terms of scope or ingredients. Even though it was crowded, the food came out a little faster than I expected. One nice thing about the experience was that even though I was getting takeout, the kim chi was included. Asian selection is a little spotty west of Broad, so it might worth a look, but I don't think it'll be unseating Tampopo on my regular lunch rotation. Also, it might be useful to know that they accept credit cards but you have to break the bank and spend $15.As an Asian I would say this restaurant provides not authentic Korean food. And it's also overpriced.Giwa is my go-to Korean place in Center City. Conveniently located and the food is good too. I tried the bibimbap and the soon dubu - both were good and as expected. Nothing fancy, just decent Korean food. I'll be back to try their other dishes for sure.Absolutely delicious! Make sure you eat-in to be able to enjoy the sizzling stone bowl to cook your bimbimbop. Will keep you full the whole day through and is always buzzing.High priced fast food that has little flavor and no personality. Do yourself a favor and go to a restaurant like Jong Ka Jib where the banchan is outstanding, the prices are better, the food is excellent, and the service is always spot on. I regret spending $38 for lunch for two at this place. Won't be back.Hot lunch bowl (bibimbop) and bulgogi lunch platter are great. Have been here a few times and have always had good meals. Service is always quick and friendly. Prices are a little higher but the quality is good so it's worth it. For lunch, be warned the place is tiny so finding a seat is not easy during the lunch rush.I might have made the mistake of reading the reviews for giwa before I went.
My friend and I went on a tuesday evening and it was packed. The restaurant is really small with a total of 8 small tables to seat two people on each table so we had to wait until people left in order to sit down.
I got the tofu dot sol bi bim bap and it really was delicious with a great spicy sauce to accompany, but I do agree with the general sentiment that jt lacks some flavor. I can't speak for the meat but the entire meal was a little underwhelming. 
That said, I would probably come back and try something else.Small korean place that has great food.
They have the best beef bulgogi.
I wish they were open later.I've been here on numerous occasions, both at their old location and the new.  Thankfully, the food is just as good.  I'm partial to the tacos, but I've had friends rave about the bibimbap as well.Giwa is awesome! My friend and I always get very excited at the prospect of going there for lunch..the service is super fast and friendly, and the bibimbob is always piping hot and delicious!I popped into Giwa for a late lunch on a cold day, craving Korean food and more specifically Dol Sot bibimbap. A quick order placed with a little bit of a wait, and the bibimbap came out sizzling and filled to the brim of the stone bowl with veggies and bulgogi.
The accompanying banchan (kimchi and daikon) wasn't particularly impressive (less than standard fare for most Korean places...goodness, I've seen even tiny college town Korean places in the Midwest with at least 5-6 offerings...c'mon Philadelphia!) and I was surprised to see strips of egg omelette instead of sunny side up. The ingredients (bulgogi especially, much sadness) lacked freshness, authenticity and flavor which (as a Korean) left my taste buds confused and disappointed. The kochujang (hot pepper sauce) was also more sweet than spicy/savory, which added to the mounting discrepancies between what Korean food should taste like and what I was eating. 
Overall, a fast casual dining experience for essence of Korean, but a little less authenticity and flavor than expected.Sizzling rice bowl is amazing. One of the best korean places in the city.While easy to miss when walking down Sansom, you should definitely stop in to check out the Korean food at Giwa.  The food is tasty and fresh, and the staff are all very friendly.  Its location in Center City makes it an extremely convenient alternative to visiting the Korean restaurants all the way in north Philadelphia.
Some friends have complained that they don't give nearly as many side dishes (ban-chan) as much larger restaurants do, but it would be almost impractical to do so.  I wish they wouldn't charge an extra $1 for brown rice.The first bite was amazing, but then I realized that everything at the bottom of my dol sot bibimbap was burning and I started mixing everything up to avoid further burnage...  I've never had this dish so I'm not sure if that's the way it's supposed to be.  And I've had better kimchi, but that's not a total dealbreaker.
I think the food was delicious but I had a hard time enjoying this dish because I kept burning my tongue and it never cooled down.  It's too pricey for that experience, coming in at over $11 without a drink for this one item.  You can spend the same or less at a place that has more variety, so that is why I won't return to Giwa.I love their food, but the prices are creeping up. $13.25 for a bi bim bap?  Really? I think all this expansion is going to their head.  Not that I won't be back, but certainly not as often.The Korean tacos are addictive.    I haven't met anyone yet who has tried one that didn't immediately want more.    The bibimbop is also pretty amazing.   The place is pretty small and busy on lunch times.   That probably tells you all you need to know about the food.So we came here for a quick lunch - I was having  one of "those" days where my only aspiration was to get to work, have a light lunch and go home without stuffing my face. The restaurant is fairly small, but the wait staff is extremely friendly. We were greeted within 45 seconds of walking in despite the plethora of people already.
We both ordered the bibimbap with tofu - and I wasn't really sure what to expect as this was my first Giwa experience. I was genuinely impressed. My bowl was SO hot - so be careful if you're coming with little ones or anyone who gets too ambitious when they have food in front of them. You can also get a cup of water oppose to buying plastic which I can appreciate. 
I do wish the veggie/rice ratio was better - but I suppose their ratio would work for someone not watching their calorie  intake.We ended up stopping in at Giwa by accident really. My fiance and I were on our way to Trader Joe's, and were really hungry, and at that moment we both turned and saw Giwa! 
Giwa is a bit on the small side, but still the place was noticeably packed, which was definitely a good sign. Upon scanning the menu, my fiance and I both found viable options (I have few restrictions, whereas she is vegetarian, which was not an issue since they have plenty of options which are clearly labeled).
I've never really had Korean food before, so I wasn't sure what to get right away. However, I'd heard of bibimbap  before so I was considering this. But then, I saw an order of the hot bibimbap, and I KNEW I had to try this dish!
For those unfamiliar with this dish, I'll try my best (as a novice) to explain. Bibimbap is essentially a dish composed of several elements, including rice, meat, noodles, and an assortment of veggies, cooked in layers in a stone pot. To the best of my knowledge, there is very little seasoning involved during the cooking, though I am not an expert. The real key to this dish is that it is then served in the same stone pot it had been cooking in (yes, it is VERY hot, so be careful if you order this)! This concept is amazing, it keeps everything hot and still cooking, and the best part is the rice at the bottom gets to the point that its actually crunchy! The dish comes served with a side of kimchee (a sort of cold, spiced cabbage dish), some kind of beans, and a "hot" sauce to add to the bibimbap (it's red, and I guess supposed to be hot, but I didn't find it that powerful...).
All in all, we both had a great meal here (my fiance got the vegetarian hot bibimbap), and were actually full with about half the dish left, which made for good leftovers (glad it turned out this way, because it was a little pricey for fast food style Korean!).
My only complaints were that the can of Ginger-ale I bought was not really cold, however they had no ice (might wanna think about getting fountain drinks instead of cans), and they had no other sauce to add to the bibimbap other than the one it came with, which is sad for those of us who enjoy some extra spice in our food!My food was okay, but I do regret not ordering the HOT version of bibimbap.  I ate the lunch cold bowl of bibimbap, which has no fried egg.  The spinach and other vegetables are raw, so it is like bag salad mix atop your rice.  Fortunately, the Korean bibimbap sauce can make almost anything taste like bibimbap.  The diced chicken pieces did not appear to be freshly grilled.  Rather, it had the appearance and texture of fast-food style pre-packaged meat that was shipped to the restaurant in a ready-to-eat form.  I looked to the table to my left, and they were being served the crackling hot dol-sot bibimbap served in wooden boxes.  That looked like a more satisfying choice for the same price, if I recall.  But to be fair, the cashier asked me twice about the Cold version, before she made my order.  Next time I'll stick with tradition.Korean Tacos!  I went for the pork and was very happy.  The meat was well seasoned and just the right amount of spice.  The hot rock dish looked good and worth the money since there was plenty of food to be had in that sizzling bowl.  I can see how this place gets a bit packed during lunch time, but luckily our timing was perfect since we were able to snag the only table available.  The food was quick!  Good to know when I need to grab takeout.
The only thing I didn't love was their $15 minimum for using a credit card.  I thought that was a tad high for the place since most items are under $10. They let me use my card despite not making that limit, but a bit odd for a center city eatery.  This isn't affecting my rating, just something you should know about.Giwa's Wawa-esque ordering system and relatively short wait time make it a pretty decent lunch spot. However, my meal was lacking in quality, quantity, and affordability. 
My review is primarily for the Giwa BBQ Bowl with pork belly. The total came out to $12, but the bowl seems more like a $7-$9 size based on what I've paid for other comparable meals in the area. The pork belly was gummy and served room-temp, and the salad looked like it came from a bag of grocery store spring mix (not necessarily a bad thing, just setting expectations). 
My girlfriend ordered the box instead of the bowl, but they looked to contain similar amounts of food despite the $3 price difference. 
I'd say take your $12 over to Rice & Mix over on Chestnut. The food there seems more authentic and more appropriately priced.Food actually worth 3 stars, but serving it over cafe tray immediately drop a star for me.Good place.  Having the Jap Chae now.  Very different place, but worth a try for something new. Great food.This is a nice place to pick up lunch if you're working in CC.  The bibimbap is pretty good.  The wait staff is friendly, they do not seat you so no tip!  There could be a larger menu though.  There are basically four main dishes here.  Maybe add kimbap to the menu??For lunch today, I had planned on going to an establishment on the same block as Giwa but it was mad crowded so I went to Giwa instead, which was mad crowded but a little less crowded. I went with the signature bibimbap lunch special with tofu. I sat at the counter while I waited for my to-go order. When I got back to my office with my order I found many of the elements of my bibimbap to be individually packaged - rice in one container, spicy red sauce, kimchi, seaweed strips (in a cute tiny foil package), and cucumber in their own little packages, and the main bowl full of shredded veggies, tofu, greens, sesame seeds, carrots, red pepper strips, and maybe one or two assorted goodies. You may argue that all of these little containers are doing nothing to reduce the size of my carbon foot print, but I appreciated that they ensured freshness after my 1 block walk back to my office.
The veggies were crisp and fresh and the red sauce was spicy but not distracting. They use an interesting purpley-brown brown rice that was especially tasty and I inhaled the bowl in less than 20 minutes. In addition to bibimbap they have a lot of other good stuff, including the sizzling pancake of crispy rice and kimchi that I saw one of the many men wearing blue button-up shirts eating lunch there order. It was crowded, but the guys working are moving fast and it was quite pleasant sitting at the counter on a stool. I'll add this to my list of lunchtime go-tos and maybe next time I'll eat in and get a dolsot bibimbap so I can singe my fingertips off on the stone bowl which someone of my level of brilliance is bound to do.Their chicken tacos are soooOooOoo good. The spicy sauce (now available by the bottle!) is tasty and addictive, like a sweeter sriracha. Korean tacos have a soft shell and are filled to the brim with sticky rice, chicken (or pork), lettuce, onion, cheese, sour cream and cilantro. Trust me, it works. I get full after two, but that doesn't mean I don't want three.
Tried the dol sat bibimbap with chicken today. Brown rice FTW- it's hearty and nutty with great texture. Let it sit at the bottom of your sizzling bowl for a minute til it gets crunchy.  Portions are huge, but won't leave you feeling guilty- everything in the bowl is pretty heart-healthy.
I'm definitely a fan, and wish I took advantage of Giwa when they were a block from my old office! Luckily, they deliver.I came here for lunch today. The food is good as always, but it is pricey. It was $18 for the hot stone meal (I ordered it with beef) and a soda. The new restaurant is very spacious and clean and the touch screen ordering is nice. If it weren't so pricey I would probably return more often. Otherwise, I'll save it for a treat once in awhile!My boyfriend and I have been dying to try bimbimbap as we love ethnic food and have surprisingly never had it. As we wandered down the street, we noticed Giwa and decided to give it a shot. We thought the prices were pretty high for a self-serve place ($6.75 for 6 dumplings and about $12 for chicken bimbimbap).  We were pleased with the vegetable dumplings, but totally disappointed by the bimbimbap. The chicken was totally flavorless and poorly cooked, and the dish itself had no flavor. The chili paste they included was OK, but should have been used to complement a different sauce, and not as the only sauce. We definitely would not come back here.I didn't find this place to be that good.  I'm very surprised by the high reviews.
It's in no way bad, it's just not that good either though. Pretty much like an Asian 5 guys. In no way is their bibimbap "famous" as they claim.
I don't anticipate returning- there are much better places in the city.
Definitely overpriced. I found BAP on South Street to be much better.Dak Bulgogi was decent, maybe not as spicy as I would have liked. Place was definately packed, so maybe I just didn't have the right thing and I will give it another try. I still have yet to find really great Korean food in the city.Giwa offers quick and simple versions of some common Korean favorites like Bi Bim Bop and Bulgogi. While it's not the most authentic Korean food in town (go to 5th street for that), it satisfies a craving for Korean when you're in the city and don't feel like driving all the way to K-town. The small space is clean, modern, and the staff has always been above and beyond friendly. A great place to meet up for a quick and filling lunch or for dinner after work with a friend. If you want to drink, bring alcohol as it's BYOB. Also great for take-out.
Final thoughts...
Giwa will surely satiate that Korean food craving when you're in the city and need some right now.Meat is tenderly cooked and deliciously seasoned. The multigrain rice has excellent chew. Good portions. Great lunch spot and great for takeout.I was soooo craving a hot soup or stew!  I came to Giwa and got the seafood soon du bu (soft tofu stew) and the flavors were very lackluster.   It's a "tofu stew" but there were very few pieces of tofu in the stone bowl.  I asked for some sort of spicy sauce to help enhance the flavorless stew, but it didn't help.  I am still hungry...  I might have to go to Federal Donuts down the street to eat some more.  If you want good soon du bu, I would not recommend Giwa.  It may be one of few options for Korean food in center city/Rittenhouse,  but you're better off going to North Philly for the good stuff!so so. not too bad. cheap but a bit far from traditional Koran taste. good for foreigners.Great!! There aren't many korean restaurants around philly that are actually good. My experience here was quite pleasant. Its actually a pretty small place with a couple of seatings, but doesn't affect the quality of food. We ordered a whole bunch of appetizers and entrees. I loved the bi bimp bap, and the beef and chicken dishes. Although a little bit on the spicy side, a sip of water does the trick. The food comes surprisingly fast and is pipping hot. Only note that the side dishes that came with the food I didn't really care for, they were pretty small. If you are looking for a decent korean snack, come here!Great lunch spot in my opinion.  I was in the area with some friends recently and looking to get a decent lunch somewhere.  We ended up trying Giwa which Ive avoided, due to a korean friend insisting it wasn't good.  Im pretty sure either it's gotten better or he never actually ate here.  
The four of us for lunch all enjoyed our very good lunches.  We all had different things, and they all came out really great.  It's reasonably for a relatively quick and  (seemingly) healthy meal.  
I'd definitely return.Very prompt and friendly service. Casual dining where you order and self-seat. Most appetizers and entrees range from $9-$13... Given that it's so close to Rittenhouse, it's not all that surprising. If you're looking for authentic Korean food, you might need to look elsewhere.  
Sides consisted of pickled cucumber and kimchi. Wish there were more sides... Started off with the tteokbokki... it was abnormally sweet and had a lot of anchovy. Kimchijigae had a strong bean curd taste, and the kimchi wasn't that fragrant. The color was pretty off orange too. Yukgaejang was promisingly full of red pepper, but the broth fell short. Pretty sure it was water instead of actual brisket broth. Overall the food was bland, which is a shame because the service and location is so good.Giwa does an outstanding bibimbop. It's not cheap, but it's delicious. I got the shrimp, and there were plenty, tons of very fresh vegetables, wonderful crusty rice - let it sit in the hot pot  while, and a great flavor. The tiny side dishes were nice too. Seating is tight but customers were comfortably sparse at 1p.There are not that many Korean restaurants in Philadelphia center city and most of them are not that good; however, Giwa is an exception. If people ask me where is a good restaurant I would always recommend GIWA first.
If you go there please get "HOT stone bowl bim bim bap." I go here quite often because I know I'm getting fresh and healthy variety of nutrients. If you want to start eating healthy I would recommend go Korean and Japanese foods. 
Please do note they do get pack in busy hours. The service is satisfactory. I wouldn't bring my first date here because you may potentially sweat from the spice; in fact, bring on your third date or something lol. Try once of GIWA food then i'm sure you will come back for more. I've been going here for almost 2 years.Went here for an early dinner, & the small restaurant was packed. Ordered the kimchi bokkeum bap & seafood soon-dubu stew. I was told that the bokkeum bap would take 30 minutes. ???? 30 minutes to fry some kimchi & rice? I could have gone back to the kitchen & made it myself. I had a bad feeling when I went into the restaurant and my sister & I were the only Asian customers. Almost all of the Korean restaurants that I have been to in the city have offered not so traditional Korean food. The food just isn't spicy or flavored correctly. Not fit for my Korean taste buds. The bokkeum bap was okay, better than the one offered at nearby Miga. The soon-dubu was bland & poorly seasoned. After a couple dashes of salt & pepper, the taste was up to par. 
Confusing, because I have tasted their take-out bibim-bap which was surprisingly good. Maybe it was just a bad day for the cooks, or maybe it was because it was busy. Hopefully another visit to Giwa will prove me wrong.Their dol sot bibimbap was indeed one of the best. Gf got bulgogi which was good as well. Friendly service. Unique cute little place. Definitely will be back sometimes near future. Oh and their prices were pretty cheap compare to other korean restaurant I've ever been to.
I'm gonna try their 'dak bulgogi' next time when I stop by. It is one of my favorite korean food :)We really enjoyed our meal at Giwa. The classic bibimbop bowl was really flavorful and a hearty portion. The garlicky house red hot sauce gave it a nice tangy punch. I couldn't put it down! We also shared the two chicken tacos, which were a nice size and also very flavorful. The chicken was very tender. A side of the yellow curry sauce added even more flavor. The bean and cucumber sides were small and lackluster, and that was the only fault we could find with the meal. The computer ordering system was also appreciated, making it easy to choose the exact preparation of the food. We are looking forward to going back!I've been here a few times, and I might not have reviewed it, because I can't remember what I ate.
Except the dol sot bibimbap.  Which was the best dol sot bibimbap I have ever eaten.  The flavor was great and the rice was so crisp on the bottom.  Maybe it's because the pot comes straight from the oven to the table with no wait in between.
I'm never getting anything but dol seot bibimbap here again.
Drawbacks: too crowded, a little pricey.
Addendum 2010-04-10: Got the dol sot bibimbap again.  No change: it was still superb.  My only complaint: it's served with pre-fried egg instead of the traditional raw egg.  It's still the best dol seot bibimbap I've ever had.
Addendum 2010-07-29: Got the dol sot bibimbap again last month.  No change.Have you ever dated someone for basically one quality, even if the rest of their personality was a complete bore? That's kind of what the dolsot bibimbap is like at Giwa.
It looks beautiful. The accompanying banchan are fresh and delicious. The crispy rice on the bottom (which you should let sit for a while before mixing) is AWESOME. But holy hell, the whole thing is flavorless. They put "spicy" sauce on the side, and somehow even that is flavorless. Most of the bowl is dominated with filler vegetables, and there is hardly any meat, which is also - you guessed it, flavorless.
This girl might be pretty, but good god she is dull.
Though that fantastic crispy rice, even at $13 a bowl (and mind the $15 credit card minimum), is enough to keep me coming back every once in a while.
Great place to take someone who doesn't know very much about Korean food.Even though it is modern fast-food outlet with a smart, touchscreen kiosk to order food, the food taste is surprisingly good and almost authentic. The staffs are kind and nice as well. Kinda admire the business owner for this great idea.Great service and friendly staff. Definitely hits the spot when you are craving Korean. The spicy rice cakes were delicious!!!Giwa is underrated!  It's perfect when you're hankering for Korean food and want to get in and out quickly. Their soon dubu jjigae is really good; it's rich, spicy and really filling.  I wish the rice came in a ceramic bowl with crisp rice on the bottom, but the rice is still cooked well. They really do a lot with such a tiny kitchen and I like that you can watch them prepare your meal.  Definitely worth checking out!Get tacos. And extra hot sauce. I ate 2. Was full... but ordered another two anyway and ate those as well.
Owners were awesome. Always helpful with any questions or requests.Giwa could be a lot better if they just upped the flavor complexity of their food. I went here on Tuesday, 30-Dec-08 for lunch. I had the bulgogi box for lunch. The kimchi, bean sprouts, and picked carrot sides were bland which is inexcusable. The beef, however, was really tender and tasty. The shiitaki mushrooms that were cooked with the beef were a flavorful compliment to the beef. 
The interior of the restaurant is nice and it reminds me of Chipotle restaurants. The staff is VERY pleasant and eager to help. They did a great job of describing the food which would be helpful to people just getting in to Korean food.I stop in here occasionally for lunch to get the tacos.  Right now they have a deal of buy 3 get 1 free, so go really hungry or bring a friend.  
I really like both the pork and the chicken, although the pork can be a bit chewy at times.  I always have to wait a long time for my order, but when I bring it back to the office I'm always surprised at how hearty these tacos are.  They are a little pricey side, but they are also pretty substantial tacos.
The tacos comes with pork or chicken in a kind of spicy sauce, and then lettuce, cheese, rice, onions, sour cream, and a sprig of cilantro.  I love that cilantro touch.    
I would probably eat here more if I didn't have to wait 20 minutes for my order.  Not a good spot if you have a big group.  The seating is limited.This is my go to Korean spot shredded beef stew, bulgogi, bimbimbop are all delicious. Only thing I do not like is the kimchi. Friendly staff, the food comes quickly and the price is right.A five star because of the service, the place, and the food. The food, don't get me wrong, is really yummy with a hit of Korean flavors and Korean classics + a chance for build your own bowl, always a plus for customizability -- but, nothing outta the special. HOWEVER, the food in combination of the fast and easy digital ordering system paired with pictures (in-case you don't know what it is), the absolutely lovely staff, and the whole vibe of the store makes it a great place to chill and eat. They forgot my egg, so instead, they fired 2 eggs and gave it as an apology; so nice (:As the Korean options in Center City slim down, I am so relieved that Giwa exists so I can get my fix!  I got the dol sot bibimbap with spicy pork and my dining partner got the bulgogi.  The bibimbap comes out steaming hot (as it should) with loads of veggies and the perfect amount of crunch to the rice.  The spicy pork was well marinated and flavorful, and had a great little kick to it.  The bite I had of my DP's bulgogi was tender and tasty!
They stop serving at 8 pm and close up shop shortly thereafter, so if you have a Korean craving for dinner, get in there early!
No frills, but the staff is friendly and the food makes a return visit a must!  Can't wait to try their tacos.The Dol Sot had next to no chicken in it.  I couldn't even find the egg. The bowl was mostly rice!  I complained about the lack of chicken.  They did nothing to appease me.  Don't go here. It is expensive and underwhelming!A lot of cooks in the kitchen---I'd say, the perfect number.  Giwa successfully won back my heart on our last visit.  
Oftentimes, a hot stone pot filled to the brim with fresh ingredients is the only thing I want.  I had the chicken/multi-grain rice.  They added a fried egg free of charge. My friend had the beef.  He told me it was very lean and tender.
 The service was great and the restaurant was packed with a diverse crowd.  Their red pepper sauce is now available in various whole foods locations and at the restaurant.  I think it's about 30 calories per serving. 
I love Giwa.This place is delicious, their stone bowl rice is fantastic and worth dealing with the lunch crowds to get. I make sure to eat here at least once a week. Besides the entrees being great, they also have a fantastic store sauce and great little side dishes provided with every meal.Just ok.  I really like Korean BBQ, but Giwa leaves a lot to be desired.  If it's lunch time, you can go to Miga for a few dollars less (which you won't be able to believe once you've eaten there).  I'd also say BBGo has better bulgogi.
I haven't had the tacos, and I'll give them a shot one of these days.Giwa is a hidden gem in a part of Center city that I still hadn't explored in my 1.5 years in Philly! My friend and I were searching for a hot stone bibimbap korean place in Philly and found Giwa to be the only one not in a suburb that was hard to get via public transportation. The modern architecture is super cool - extra, but cool - and I LOVE that I could order on a screen like Wawa haha. I must've changed my order like 1000x and added all the toppings and sides that my heart desired without looking like an idiot or the extra diva Yelp Elite that I am. One thing I wish they were more transparent about is that the meat costs $3 on top of the make your own hot stone bowl price of $11.95 - and who doesn't get meat in their bibimbap?!?! So I felt a little irked by them not being that straight forward about their pricing.. but their japchae was amazing but it's made with beef and I forgot to tell them I don't eat beef! Of course, I mentioned this to them literally as the chef was plating my japchae... BUT THEY TOOK OUT THE BEEF AND REPLACED IT WITH SPICY PORK JUST FOR ME and I am forever thankful. The person at the counter was suuuuper helpful and happy to help and I truly truly appreciated that. Customer service at it's finest and you can bet that I snapchatted that sizzling hot stone. I had an influx of friends ask me where I was and was more than happy to publicize for Giwa because I think it's super unique to have a korean fusion place hidden in Center city - so glad I found this place and looking forward to coming back soon!Omg this place is bomb. We got the soondobu (super flavorful broth and not watery at all , good spice has a nice kick to it ) , bulgogi kbbq came with rice (MY friend was raving about it and I totally agree that it was really good ) the only downside is I felt like the meat was cold idk why. Also the kimchi wasn't that great kinda disappointed in the side dishes. Korean tacos - were flavorful, really high quality meat. 
I actually didn't expect this to be more of a cafeteria style place. You order on a touchscreen and they bring your food. Really interesting.Been here several times for lunch. The beef dol sot bimbimbap is pretty darn good. Good place for lunch, very small space though. Go early if you want a seat.Giwa does solid cheap (ish) Korean food. The marinated beef short rib wasn't the best I've had but was still very tasty and the bulgogi was good too. I also tried the lunchtime tacos special and thought the pork was delicious - such a tasty blend of flavours! A great and unusual lunchtime dish.Great little spot on Sansom St after dodging dumpsters and crowded sidewalks at lunchtime. The 4 for $10 lunch taco deal is totally solid. The chicken is a little dry but the pork tacos are fan-freakin-tastic. I love the sauce that comes with them. I'm going to start stockpiling. I'm looking forward to going back in the winter for some bulgogi. 
The only downsides are that it's super small so can get crowded at lunch and it can take a little bit to get your food so be prepared for a wait.I'm a big fan of bibimbop's, Giwa's take on it could be better.
The bibimbop was okay, I always enjoy a hot meal, but I did have to rely heavily on the hot sauce and some extra for flavor. My other gripe is they've forgotten my order on more than one occasion, granted they were both at busy times I still feel they should have that down by now. A decent bibimbop + fast service = 4 stars, I didn't get that so minus 1.Guys, seriously?? This place is mediocre at best. Go to BAP! And also, please don't review a Korean restaurant unless you've eaten at least a few times in a Korean restaurant in a Korean neighborhood owned and patronized by Korean people. Every bibimbap has veggies in it, okay? That's really nothing to write home about. You're doing a huge disservice to anybody who wants the chance to eat real Korean food in Philadelphia by giving this place four stars.This place is good! I ordered the Giwa and added spicy pork, an egg, and spicy sauce. This is my first time having Korean food and it was delicious. The bowl had rice, carrots, cabbage, spinach, and quinoa. It was 12.95 (but adding on pork and an egg made it a little more) & included 2 sides. I got kimchi and spicy coleslaw, both of which were pretty good too. Would recommendGiwa is the mediocre local restaurant that I regularly order from. 
After getting take-out from there at least 8 times, I figured I owed a review to them. Giwa gets two dishes right. One for take-out, one for sit-down
-If you are eating at Giwa, you have to order the dol sot (hot stone) bibimbap. I've had better bibimpbap, but its delcious here. And I always love the crispy rice that forms on the bottom.
-If you are doing take-out, then take advantage of the 3 for 4 Korean Tacos. I know this sounds like a stupid gimmick, but these tacos are DELCIOUS. I always get spicy pork and extra hot sauce. They are very filling and I usually split 2 with my wife. Just don't judge me for ordering a mexican spin-off.
Overall, Giwa is a bit overpriced for most items, but it definitely gets these two dishes right. If you are craving Korean (or just tacos), I suggest sticking to these two dishes.Went here for lunch. Food is good. It gets pretty crowded since the place is so small.This will be the place I miss most when we move from Rittenhouse square! Perfect for lunch. quick service. the sauce is so darn good... I bought a bottle and put it in my hubby's Christmas stocking. We don't know the name but it's served with almost every meal they serve. (We call it "Giwa sauce") Don't miss Giwa!Giwa giwa giwa. I like the sound of it. Aha. The food was dope and the experience too. I got the create your own bibimbap with alot of ingredients like: white rice, their beef option, lettuce, carrot, cabbage, double kimchi and added an egg for extra. The cost of it ended up to be around $15-16 with a small drink. The meal felt pretty fresh and healthy.
All of the ordering comes from their self order kiosk, which was pretty simple and easy to understand. It was my first time and it was good overall. They have two levels of seating but it seems quite minimum during a big lunch rush. The capacity seems around 40-50 people if that. 
Overall, I would go again but I think I'm gonna go for their present bibimbap dishes. They look bomb but not as expensive as a create your own bibimbap.On Saturday, my brother, who is in a wheelchair due to physical disabilities, and I went to Giwa for lunch.  My brother has a service dog, who wears a service vest and is easily identifiable as a service animal.  Upon entering the restaurant, the man at the register caught my eye (we were in the back, near the door) and said "No dogs."  I said, "it's a service dog," trying to give him the benefit of the doubt, thinking maybe he had somehow not seen the very apparent blue vest against the dog's yellow coat.  Really though, if he'd seen the dog, he would have had to have seen the vest.  He wagged a finger at me, as if I were a small child who had misbehaved, and again said, "no dogs."   He didn't even have the decency to address my brother, whose dog it is.  The disrespect was completely unwarranted and unacceptable.  We left the restaurant without ordering.
This type of treatment is not only despicable, but it is ILLEGAL.  It is illegal to tell us that we are not allowed in the restaurant because of the service dog.  I'd challenge the man behind the counter to spend just a day in a wheelchair.  Maybe then, he would appreciate the things that most able-bodied people take for granted: the ability to walk, pick things up off the floor, open doors and walk through them by themselves, etc.  Service dogs help people who struggle to do these things.  I find it absurd, and quite frankly, pathetic, that in 2015, I need to explain this to anyone, let alone a business owner who should absolutely know better and should ensure his/her staff is equally aware of the laws that protect people with disabilities and their service animals.
I am posting this so that anyone else who has a service animal can save himself from being disrespected and treated poorly.  I suggest you patronize another restaurant that actually abides by the laws protecting your rights to be in a restaurant with a service animal.  
I promise you, Giwa, that you will never receive a penny of my money.  You should be ashamed of yourselves.Pleasantly surprised considering that I did not notice anyone Korean cooking or working behind the counter. It is definitely a place to take those new and familiar with Korean food. Bibimbap is amazing...healthy, nutritious and filling. Service is great and prices are reasonable. While you cannot compare this with the more authentic Korean restaurants, Giwa is a recommended place to get near to authentic Korean food in Centre City. I highly recommend especially in the dearth of Korean food in this section of Philly. My European friends love it!Disappointed in the reopening of Giwa. The original menu was fine the way it was so I'm not sure why they decided to change it. The portions are much smaller now, especially for the price. The food is still decent but if I want to be full, I'd have to go else where.
On another note, my friend ordered a side of Kim Chi for $1 and got like 3 pieces in the small plastic container.Growing up as in a Korean-American household, I mostly ate Korean cuisine. Now being apart from my mom, I will often have cravings for Korean food. Giwa is a very conveniently-located authentic Korean restaurant. However, I feel that you pay for that convenience through the price of their food. 
I personally think their portions are a little small, and they charge similar prices to a sit-down Korean restaurant. I also think it's extremely bizarre to have to pay separately for the the Soon du bu soup and the rice. Their menu offering is very "basic"--as in offering the same Korean cuisine as every other Korean restaurant in Philly: rice bowls and a few soups. In terms of menu variety, there is no differentiating factor that makes Giwa a go-to, except the conveniences of their location. 
I think in theory, ordering on the touch screens is nice. It has the very "Honeygrow" efficiency vibes. And if you're uncomfortable pronouncing the Korean dishes, it saves you the embarrassment of having to pronounce the dishes. I enjoy not having to talk to anyone when I place my order, but I am not an overall fan of the "newness" of this Giwa. Honestly, I preferred when they were just a low-key Korean restaurant, before all the renovations.I came here for dinner and it's a nice little spot. I got the spicy marinated pork which was very good except I wish it could have been a bit more spicy. My friend got a beef soup and he thought it was spicy but good. The service was good and friendly!Consider it your Korean cafeteria. The food is relatively good but not great. It fills you up at lunch without breaking the bank. You order at the cash register, pay, and then fight to find a table. At lunch, the place is packed, but by the time your food comes, I was able to find a table. 
The food is a notch below Miga, but then again, it is also 50% of the price.Vibes: quick service, modern
Menu: dolsot bimbimbap and bbq bowls are clearly the major selling items here, though they also have tacos, soondubu, and some appetizers
Ordering: similar to Honeygrow with the electronic self-service screens; wait time between printing out the receipt and getting the order was very short 
Tasting notes:
-Bulgolgi bbq box: a surprisingly generous portion of sweet and tender bulgolgi relative to the rice; the salad takes up a third of the box and tastes like a Fresh Express mix; this size may not satisfy very hungry individuals
-Sweet soybeans (one of the two side dishes that comes with the box): tender and not mushy to the bite, just mildly sweet
-Kimchi: very salty, hardly spicy or fermented-tasting
Final thoughts: a solid place for getting decent Korean food quickly, but the prices relative to portion sizing and authenticity of the menu items make me hesitant to returnStone pot! Beef bibimbop so good!
I was looking for somewhere to fulfill my stone pot craving real quick in Center City and found this place on Yelp.
It is pretty small inside with a few small tables but you can also sit at the bar. There are maybe 5 seats at the bar. It looks like you can also make reservations because there were "Reservated" cards on the table.
I had the Beef Bibimbop Stone Pot that came with some kimchee. Very delicious and filling!
I will be back soon because I have been craving it again!I'm always on the search for great korean food in the city... and sorry to say... my search is still going.
Giwa is OK. It's definitely over priced but quality is OK. I got the hot stone bibimbap w/ spicy chicken and an egg and it was $16. WHICH IS CRAZY. Quantity of rice and protein was slacking, it was all vegetables mostly. And most places that I get a bibimbap, I usually get a free miso soup or whatnot but $16 bibimbap better be pretty decent.
I'd be interested to try their spicy tofu soup or their pancakes but i wasn't too impressed with the bibimbapI haven't been back to Giwa in over 2 years - and boy am I glad I stopped in for a Galbi lunch special today.  Delicious and quick.  Sub multi-grain rice for white for $1.25 extra.  
Good stuff!
Next time I shall try the Korean Tacos.I love the hot stone bowl with marinated beef. It's so good. Try it with the multigrain rice and you must use their hot sauce but use sparingly if hot is not your thing. It's great for the winter months because it warms you up but the restaurant is drafty and cold. Button up and be prepared to take out because seating is limited. Service is typically quick and nice.Great Korean food, I always get the Bimbibap. The place is tiny so it's always crowded and they're not open too late, but the food and location are great.Best Korean tacos around!!! My boyfriend and I stopped in here as we were wandering around center city and what a great pit stop.  They quickly and kindly wrapped our tacos to go and we ate them while walking home to South Philly. I need to go back to eat in and try their hot pot, it looked and smelled amazing.Korean. Fast food.  Great locale.  Done.  A can't miss.  The Chop Jae is especially tasty.A wonderfully wide selection of Korean street food items, but served in a mid-to-upscale way.  Great spot for a not crowded lunch in Center City.Nice place for Korean comfort food, but nothing particularly outstanding.
I ordered a bowl of hot Bi Bimp Bap, and was mostly satisfied. While most Korean restaurants are generous with their side dishes, Giwa gives very little - in variety and portion. You randomly get 2-3 (each one or two bites) with your meal, definitely not for sharing. My tables also ordered a seafood pancake to share - solid, but nothing outstanding.
Not bad to satisfy a Korean food craving, but there must be better places in Philly. Still on the search...Get the Spicy Pork or Chicken Tacos! Buy 3 get one free as long as you take it to go! Best tacos ever! Small area for seating, but nothing big!This is more of a quick healthy lunch place than a place to meet up and spend time. If your lunch hour is only a half hour and you want to sit down, consider Giwas countertop, or get it to go and chill in Rittenhouse Square. It has a small modern, clean environment with very fast service.
The Korean tacos are the type of food that I get guilt free cravings for. If I pass the sign, I'm going to think about it excitedly for the next hour, then go in.Korean tacos?! Yes, please! The sauce they use to season their meats is so good that they literally bottle it. Last I checked, they offer three tacos for the price of two for lunch takeout orders. They also have delicious rice and noodle dishes. And if you're eating in, the bibimbop (sizzling rice bowl) is out of this world!  Food-wise, Giwa is one of my favorite lunch spots in Center City.  My only problem with this place is its size. It's SO small! It has 5 tables, and if you dont get there by noon sharp, you will likely not get a seat. With food like this, they should be in a bigger space! Regardless, it's a must-try!Simply amazing Korean food ! Amazing flavor and perfect amount of spice 
A hidden gem tucked away in the heart of center city .. for anyone who likes spicy delicious pan Asian , this Korean place is for you .
I highly suggest the #11 hot bowl in beef. Amazing . Worth every penny, enough for two meals as well .I love the smell when you walk in.  Takes me back to overseas travel.
This place is pretty jammed for lunch.  We probably waited in line about 10 minutes but the food only took about 10 minutes to come out.  
There are only a few options to choose from but they are pretty staple Korean bowl dishes.  I had the Din Son Bima ba which was good but next time I'll be eating it differently:
1. I'll ask for extra hot sauce up front.  The stone bowl you get is so hot it dries out the rice.
2. I'll start stirring the sucker the moment I get it.  If you don't stir it, the rice on the bottom will burn and become crunchy.  If you like it crunchy, do nothing and it will be perfect once you get halfway through!
3. I might ask for an extra side of kim chi, I really liked it.
Lunch is about 12 bucks which is okay but I wouldn't come all the time.Great and fast service for lunch. The hot stone rice bowl is really good and a delightful change from the norm. It's definitely a must try.August in Philly was a great time to eat at Giwa. Our son has developed a taste for seafood and kimchi after having the fish tacos. The bibimbap was delicious with tender slices of beef. The staff were kind and happy to ensure we enjoyed our meal.  Roger and ConstanceI don't think I've ever had Korean food before I came here for a quick lunch on a recent work trip to Philly, but man, if it's all as good as this place was, I might need to diversify my eating habits. I had the Signature Bibimbop which was exceptionally tasty and served in a stone bowl that kept everything sizzling (I burnt my mouth a lot and I was ok with that.) The rice that's been cooking the entire time at the bottom of the bowl is like a rice cookie and a wonderful way to end the meal!I was feeling under the weather and craving some kind of spicy soup so I came here to get some Soon Du Bu. I should have listened to the other reviews because it was super bland. Tasted like spicy vinegar water, and missing all of the depth of a good broth. I've had better from an instant soup kit at H-Mart. It had chunks of carrot and celery (weird) and the tofu wasn't as silky as I've had at other spots. Not worth it.My Favorite lunch spot in center city. New location has changed my favorite dish but still good. Chicken bulgogi used to be separated on a plate with white rice, edamame, chilled carrots and side mesclun salad but now it's all thrown into a bowl with romaine. Gonna miss the old way. 
More protein options also.I went there over the winter break in 2012, and I have to say I really really liked it. There were 2 of us and we ordered a Dol Sot Bibimbop, a Kimchi Jun (pancake), and the Mool Mandu (steamed vegetable dumplings).
One of the issues my partner has is a particularly sensitive palette and nose to fishy smells and fish oil, but we were pleased to note no such issues here given that we are vegetarian. I would skip the Mool Mandu (steamed dumplings) next time, they are bland and nothing to write home about. 
The kimchi jun (pancake) is superb, if only a tad bit too greasy. But very good size and excellent flavor. 
The winner is the Bibimbop, one of the best I've had in Philadelphia. Tons of vegetables, very very good.The spicy pork tacos will bring you in and the bibimbop will keep you there. You can taste the freshness with every bit. It's super small so get there b4 the lunch crowd it's crazy busy between 12 and 1Giwa, you are my favorite source for chicken dol sot bibimbap in the city! Thank you for offering to put the sauce on the side for us weenies who are working our way up to eating spicy foods!  Your ginger tea is a great complement to a spicy meal. And you do lunch takeout...Hooray!We went this place to celebrate our priceless relationship that has been for 2 years. 
We both love Korean food so we were pretty excited for trying this place after researching over yelp reviews. As soon as we walked in the door we notice there was a lot of Asians and no big Americans, so we knew it had to be authentic. 
We didn't know how the customers order here at first but soon we figure out the system and it was all good.  The menu was simple and not much confusion. 
The place was filled with people so we little worried if we could have a table, but luckily a table became free just for us.  Once we ordered we waited while they prepared our meals.  This gave us just enough time to relax and enjoy our company in this amazing cute place.  We got lost in our conversation and the sounds of the restaurant and almost forgot our food was on the way.  Everyone seemed to be truly enjoying themselves.
I had Soon Du Bu and he ordered Yook Gae Jang first time in his life, how amazing it is we are now trying new world. Yes life is exciting and spicy and so hot. 
 As you can probably tell how I write this review, we enjoyed our meal and time very much. 
Only thing we both wished was that if the spaces were a little larger because they know they are too popular to stay with the small space.WHY aren't there more Korean places in CC Philly?! I love Korean food - and so does everyone else  I know. When I suggested trying out Giwa for an inexpensive dinner with my bf and his sister, both immediately loved the thought of chowing down on kimchi. 
We were smart to get there at 6pm this Friday - the abnormal warm weather brought everyone outside, and by the time 6:30 rolled around Giwa was packed, tables full and people standing around waiting to grab a chair. Even though the menu is short, we took awhile to decide and somehow all chose soup, each trying a different one. My bf had the Yook Gae Jang (shredded flank beef, vermicelli noodles, egg and vegetables in a spicy beef broth), which he inhaled as quickly as he could, wiping a few beads of sweat from his forehead since he decided to add the additional kimchi to the already spicy soup. His sister had the Kimchi Jigae (spicy, kimchi stew with tender pork, tofu and onion) with two pickled veggies as side dishes, and I opted for the Soon Du Bu (spicy soft tofu stew with seafood, zucchini, napa cabbage and onion), which was quite tasty and very filling. The side dishes of pickled veggies were great, especially paired with the spicy soups, but the portions were so small! They hardly qualify as 'side dishes' more like condiments. 
The food here is good, but we all agreed that we'd be more likely to come back if the prices were just slightly better (like taking $1-2 off the soup prices, at least). It sucks that there aren't more Korean options in CC, but at least when we get a craving we can't ignore, we know of one place where we can get a solid, basic Korean meal.I always walk by Giwa on my way home from work and every time I plan to go, they are closed. Finally one Friday afternoon, I made it here for lunch. '
The store is pretty small and packed at all times when its opened so be ready to grab a table if and whenever it is empty or you'll regret it. The menu, a tad confusing so take your time to look around and make sure you know what you want because you don;t want to make the counter-person or the customers behind you waiting. I ordered the hot seafood stone bowl (?) and my friend got the Korean Chicken tacos. The tacos came bundled up tightly individually and looked super adorable. My hot bowl was STEAMING, and that would be an understatement. The little side of beans and pickles were a good break from whenever the rice bowl became overwhelming. Now, as for contents of the bowl, I was a little disappointed to see it was just some small shrimps, unlike what the menu said, also lacking in flavor.  The variety of vegetables and the sauce were delicious nonetheless. 
Its a healthy option for sure but when I think about the $16 and the food that was delivered to me, I think I want a bit more flavorful content. What I did like about my whole experience was it was a lunch that did not make me feel gross or overtly full, maybe I just have to try something new!You know those days when it's basically a blizzard, and you're walking around trying to find a place that's open for lunch because everything's closed due to "weather" ?
Well, Giwa was open.
I opened the door, smelled frying rice, spiciness and kimchi and knew I was in the right place. A few other brave souls wandered in with the same idea although the guys behind the counter seemed surprised anybody came in at all. I figured it was a good sign that people were willing to slog through the slush to get there.
The menu is pretty simple, but when you're good at something, you might as well stick with it!
The dol sot bibim bob is not to be missed. Imagine a huge, sizzling, steaming stone bowl filled with veggies, mushrooms, rice and whatever meat you want. Hot sauce, kimchi and beans on the side. Stir up the goodies with the handy extra long handled spoon and dig in. It'll take a while to get to the bottom!
I was in Korean food heaven. The stone bowl reminded me of Pusan but without the smell of steamed silkworms from the street vendors. It's a little more than I'm used to spending for lunch, but for the amount of food you get, it's a pretty good bang for your buck.Make sure to come here early (before lunch rush) or later bc this place gets extremely packed. I definitely see why though. They are fast and the food is fairly decent. I ordered the soon du bu for lunch and it was good but it needed a lot more heat to it. I love my Korean food spicy and this place didn't hit it like others. 
I will definitely be back esp when I want soup on a cold day at work. If ur looking for something quick and good, this is the spot for u.This is a very casual restaurant; self seating and you clean up after yourself. After you order, you pay right away. The restaurant seems pretty busy, although not too crowded and the shop is quite small. The staff is nice, but very rushed. My coworker and I came here around 12:00PM on a Wednesday for lunch. There was limited seating because most of the tables were "reserved" for some reason. We sat at the counter by the cashier. This is not ideal because the smell of Korean food really sticks to your clothes. Although I personally love the smell of Korean food, it is not great to go back to the office smelling like you were in the kitchen for hours. 
My spicy beef soup was not flavorful enough for me. Although the soup looked VERY spicy and also with a lot of oil, it ended up tasting quite bland. The meal came with two sides and rice, and at 11.50, I thought it was quite a bargain. They also have some lunch specials that are a value! 
I did not really like the seating arrangement and the beef stew that I ordered, but this restaurant does offer a wide variety of other Korean food on their menu. I would definitely give it another chance, but my first impression was not great. 
I ordered the spicy beef stew and my coworker ordered soon dubu.We had lunch here on a weekday. Place was very busy but the food came out pretty fast. However, the food was very plain. We had dol sot beef bibimbap and chicken bolgogi, neither of which had strong flavor. Over all, not very good.Unlike a full service restaurant with waiters or waitresses, Giwa is a small Korean restaurant, in which you pick the food from the counter and choose anywhere to sit.
I got a Dae Ji Bulgogi (#15),or Spicy Marinated Pork, for $11.75. With the usual sides (such as kimchi), the portion was fairly decent. The pork in this dish was really good. Giwa did a great job in enlightening the pork taste, but I would like to see more in portions in terms of the price. The amount of rice should be increased. I would have given five stars, but it's not a perfect Korean restaurant. 
Overall, I recommend this restaurant to others to try it.  
Note: So if you are tight in time, Giwa is the way to go.Decent. its nice and you pay for it. westernized but still satisfying. Will frequent for lunch :)Reopened in a new fast & fresh format with a simpler menu. Order off iPads, pick up & sit or take away.I enjoyed too much and forgot to take picture of my Soon Du Bu. 
my friend told me that he went to a Korean restaurant in Chinatown and had good korean food, and that made me want to go back to a real Korean restaurant not korean food trucks. My good friend found this place on online. 
We arrived there around 6:40 for dinner he ordered Yook Gae Jang with Lemmon Tea, and Soon Du Bu and Japanese green tea for myself. 
The location was nice and easy to find, we thought about taking out and eat out as the place was full and non of them seemed to leave soon. (but i really wanted to try my Soon Du Bu with the traditional black stone bowl) 
The cozy corner table was just opened while we were waiting line to order, so we did not need to take out. 
It was totally understandable that once you get a table, you just want to stay long because of the peaceful and relaxed atmosphere, the good and simple foods, and everyone seemed to come with their favorite people to spend time together. 
Kimchi of the small side dish wasn't the best , it was too much water and less flavor but that's not a big concern because it was our first tie and don't know how usually their kimchi is. 
I really liked that this place has very local and healthy atmosphere one because they close earlier than other places, two because they run small but clean space.Giwa is good for what it is. As a fast casual Korean spot, Giwa is tasty, well-prepared, has a range of healthier and less healthy options, and still tastes like real Korean food. 
I've had the veg bibimpab and the spicy chicken BBQ bowl. Both were tasty, though a bit salty, and I spiced them up with more of the spicy sauce. 
The electronic ordering system up front is interesting... you get a hang of it, but the options aren't all super intuitive (e.g. finding where to add extra sauces took a minute) and the screens were sometimes glitchy. Giwa won't blow you away, but it will satisfy the Korean food craving (though by paying a couple more dollars than you'd probably like)Very good Korean fast food. Expect your clothes to smell like BBQ. Great portions.I really really wish I could give this place more stars...this is the first Korean restaurant I've tried in Philly after much yelping, and coming from New York and Singapore where Korean food is always on point. Giwa is friendly and affordable but unfortunately not authentic enough for a return visit. 
The restaurant is casual: you order at the counter and your food comes with a small saucer of kimchi and panchan (radish for me), on a red food court style tray. It's clean and minimalistic, and the staff are friendly! 
When it comes to the food though...I ordered the soon do bu/tofu stew, since that's what I always crave. It was thin, bland, limp. The kimchi taste wasn't complex; I've tasted better instant ramen than this. The ingredients are also not particularly generous. It's basically very average, and I'd rather not eat Korean than eat average versions of it.This is my go to spot in the city to get the dolsot (hot stone) - I go for the spicy pork or the beef.  The wait usually takes 5-10 minutes to get your hot sizzling pot.  I usually let the rice sit for a minute or two once I get it to ensure the bottom gets nice and crispy.   Stirring is a necessity to ensure the rice doesn't get burnt.  One small complaint that I have is that there isn't enough meat, but overall - its a great meal and one of the better Korean places in the city. 
A warning for those eating in - you may smell like Giwa once you leave the place with all of the dolsots being eaten!Average fast food Korean results in 3 stars.
I like that you order by computer terminal - makes it easy to see the menu, understand the options and see pictures of the food. Similar process ' concept as Honeygrow. 
I'm no expert on Korean food but had it enough times in both higher and lower end restaurants to know the dishes and how they should taste. None of the traditional appetizers/sides to start were very good. I tried the Bibimbop and the Duk Bok Gi ( rice cakes and veggies in spicy sauce) over 2 visits. I thought the flavor was simply bland and not spicy at all. I've had much better for lower prices. The meat portions were incredibly small. The Bibimbop came to $15 at least if I recall correctly. You pay extra to add meat, an egg etc... just not worth it in my opinion. 
I sum up my review with one word - Average
BKYesterday was  one of those trippy  days.  I took  the bus into Center City instead of driving because later on  I was  going to see a special screening of NORTH BY NORTHWEST with Eva Marie Saint in person.    I skipped  breakfast and lunch and 
planned to try GIWA  for the 1st time.   The bus  picked me up and instead of  taking the usual  route, the bus went through Fairmount Park,  West Philly etc.   A ride  that should have taken 25-30  minutes took close to an hour.   A one point I thought   our bus was  being abducted (  but that's another story). I  didn't  realize that GIWA  had  lunch specials or  stop  serving  them  at 3 p.m. .  I arrived at 3:10 and the woman refused  to give me the lunch special  price for the bibimbop.  I paid $15  for a $10  dish had I  gotten there 10 minutes early ( damn you Septa!).  And yes I am  confessing to  the world  that I am back on meat .  I ordered the spicy  pork  bibimbop.   It  arrived a few minutes laster all steamy & crackling ( come to Momma!).  I was so  hungry.  Judging  by the enormous size, I was  sure I was going to  have left overs.  I had visions  of carry around a limp  plastic bad dripping with liquid smelling up the Prince   theater  and someone shouting out "what's that smell?".  As I  dove into the  huge black ceramic  sizzling  bowl, I was  transported to  a place I think only Anthony Bourdain has a  key  to.   I instantly realized this dish is worth $15- It was  so   delicious.  They  gave  me tiny plastic dishes on the side  filled with kimchee, pickled radishes and  sauce ( Korean hot sauce) .  I  didn't use the  sauce and  it didn't matter.  The dish was   so wonderful.  The best part of the bibimbop was  the crusty,crunchy  thick layers of rice at the  bottom of the bowl. The dish would satisfy  those craving salty,crunchy, savory.  It is  the ultimate "umami"  experience .  I  would have paid $25  for that  bibimbop as I think about it today ( the next day).  Next time, I will  visit GIWA   during the lunch  hours.   GIWA  is a new "happy" place for me in Center City.
Update:  I did go back to GIWA  the next week to have the hot bibimbop.  The dish was the same price $12.95 at lunch time.  It was worth it.    Since I'm obsessed with this dish now I will be   trying it at other places to compare.   I have seen prices for this same dish  vary from $7  to $15.While it does satisfy my Korean food craving every now and then it leaves a lot to be desired. The stone pot is pretty serious but it might come a little too hot where the rice starts burning. Also most dol sot bibimbap comes with some broth to restore the moisture. This didn't. Also the eggs come all cooked in omelette strips rather than sunny side up fried (sunny side up looks better). And most of all it lacks some traditional Korean ingredients like gosari (sauted fiddlehead fern). Their pork bulgogi in it was tasty and charred. So next time I go there I will probably just stick with that.Wonderful 'fast-food' Korean restaurant.  It's a no-frills restaurant where you place your order at the counter, and then they call you, when your order is ready.  I always get the tofu hot stone bowl because it is divine.  The portions are generous, and their kimchi is delicious.  Be careful with the stone bowl because it is hot.  It roasts the rice that sits at the bottom of the bowl.  Stir everything together, add the sauce, and you are good to go.  Even on those days when I am not hungry, I often end up eating the entire bowl because it is so good.  I love going to Giwa whenever I am in the neighborhood because it is fast and inexpensive.  The staff are friendly and helpful.Ordered a bulgogi, very salty and tasted bland-all I tasted is the saltiness. it is cooked on stovetop, not grilled. Would not recommend this place...Clean & friendly, but a bit overpriced. The food is pretty comparable to other Korean in the area (e.g., Miran).  We liked the seafood pancake, but the tofu bi bim bap was a bit bland.  Also, the menu is very limited for vegetarians.Yes yes yes, I love this place. Came here twice, first for dining in and second for take out. It's a small Korean restaurant but has a nice warm atmosphere to it. I always get the bulgolgi which is just marinated beef. It comes with edamame, salad, carrots, kimchi and cucumbers on the side. It also comes with some of their spicy sauce that I like to put all over my beef due to my love for spicy foods. However, I wish it could be spicier. As Koreans are known for their spicy food, I didn't find it to be spicy enough but that might just be me since I do have a high tolerance for spicy food. The food is still awesome, will come back whenever I have a craving for Korean food.I will echo most reviews and say that the Dol Sot Bibimbap is a highlight of this restaurant.  The dish is a beautiful rainbow of vibrant purple, orange and green vegetables, but lacks any pickled favorites of mine.  The option to substitute multi-grain rice in a Korean restaurant is rare but welcome.  Kind note to Giwa, this dish should be served with a spoon.  
This place is great if you want a quick meal in a hurry, but I tend to favor the more traditional Korean full-service restaurants (banchan and all).  I wouldn't recommend this place for large groups because the space is very cramped and often full.
The cashiers and staff are always friendly and polite, I've never had reason to complain.  
Giwa does not accept American Express.fellow yelpers! why have you led me astray yet again :(
went here for lunch today... maybe we got the wrong things or something. got a beef dish and the pork dumplings, which were just frozen pot stickers i can buy at any asian supermarket :(
the side condiments were awful :( i've been to wonderful korean restaurants where the side condiments are fresh and appetizing.  these weren't.
we were VERY disappointed :(I came here to grab some Korean food while I was in PA with my husband. The location appears to be a glorified food court, where you order at the counter and then sit down until they call you to pick up the food. I ordered the yuk gae jang and my husband ordered the bibimbap dolsot. 
Overall the yuk gae jang was not to my taste. The flavor and ingredients were a bit off. My husband also didn't like the bibimbap. Side dishes were decent but not great.
Even so food was quickly made and was decent, though not even close to the best I've ever had.Very delicious Korean food ! Definitely try the Dolsot bibimbop in the hot stone bowl and the Korean tacos. Have been coming to this place for years now !The stone bowls here are amazing. We also got two tacos which were possibly the best tacos I've ever eaten. Will definitely be going back!this is a great cold weather food spot, the spices really warm you up!  the food was delicious, but had a very slight bit of a tangyness i wasnt too fond off. but i believe it was just the particular foods i ordered. it was still good enough for me to willingly go again and try something else. the beef in my soup dish (i forgot what it was exactly) was flaky and tender. can get a bit cramped with the seating and the way they handle service but once you are seated and have your food you forget you got bumped into 2 times while waiting for your food. try it, esp if you enjoy korean food!Had the dol sot bibim bob and it was delicious.  The presentation is great and the rice that gets crispy on the bottom is delicious.  A little pricey for the take out vibe but staff was friendly and the food was worthy of the priceAlthough I understand that bibimbap, kimchi and bulgogi are generally popular choices at a Korean restaurant; and not having most of these things might make my review seem harsh - the truth is that I was disappointed by my meal at Giwa. 
The interior is clean and relaxed with bright colours abound, and when I visited plenty of Jazz music playing. I was quickly guided across the menu and decided to have the Spicy grilled chicken box. This came with 2 sides (I ofcourse picked kimchi and the wildcard was sweet soybean) and rice.
Now I expected the chicken to be spicy and well marinated, but it ended up being just a bunch of their in house hot sauce on top of the chicken. To make things worse, I have definitely had better kimchi. The one here had a faint whiff of being not quite fresh (although the taste was alright).
In short: Giwa might be good, but you likely want to stick to other dishes here.The kimchi stew is really yummy.  The bi bim bap is also good.  I know korean tacos sounds like a weird dish but it's actually really good.  And the people who work there are nice.I LOVED this place.  It's awesome for lunch, though a little crowded, but that's okay.  The bibimbap (rice, which gets crispy on the bottom from the hot stone bowl-- some veggies and a protein of your choice, and an over easy-type egg on top) -- pretty healthy and SO good, accompanied by pickled radishes and stuff.  It's fantastic.  Go.  So much different than the usual center city lunch - Korean "fast food" spots like this are pretty much the norm on the West Coast, but not as common here.This is my go to place in the city for beef bulgogi.  Had to bring the family down to try.   Their spicy pork and chicken tacos. Are awesome as well!The first time I went there I thought the prices were high until the food came out. I spent about $37 for 2 people! But when the food came out I realised it was large portions.
Staff is nice and friendly. They will try to accommodate you with substitutions with your order as long as its not pre made. And with the amount of substitutions I made, doesn't look like alot is pre-made. This is a big reason I keep coming back!
Only minor things I didn't like:
Rice and soup with no spoon? Little confused.
No AmexIf you don't get the stone pot bimimbop, you're missing out. It's an experience to stir the pot (how often to you get to write that?) and know that in a few minutes you're going to be eating the best Korean food in Philly (and beyond)?
Giwa is small, so don't think you can arrive at 12:30 with a group of 8 and get a table. It gets full and crowded...and it feels good that way. You can eat at the "bar," and watch the cooks go at it. 
The scents when you enter Giwa are wonderful. I just had it yesterday again for the 10th time, and each time was consistent and great. I can't wait to return.Tried out Giwa on the 17th when I went to check out Philly for an early lunch spot before our One Ok Rock Concert. She and I hadn't tried authentic Korean food yet, and hoped that we could find a spot that could come pretty close. We couldn't oddly find it in the google map street view, so had to take a gamble and walk our way through The Rittenhouse square area to find it. Saw some pretty views on the way, and finally after turning a small corner we found our spot! 
It was very tiny and cute inside. Just my idea of a small "hole in the wall" type of restaurant. It was small but organized and made the environment seem very homey. I felt like I was a veteran local coming in for my usual. The staff were extremely nice and very patient as we picked out our meals. My poor friend had a hard time using her chopsticks for the first time, but her experience was none the less fantastic. The staff even encouraged her on and instructed her on how to use them. The place was clean, and the food smelled delicious the moment you walked in. Definitely a winning point. I always personally try to judge a place by how clean they are (including bathrooms) and if you smell anything appealing when you step inside. 
Moving onto the food...Wow. Were we surprised by the amount we got for our buck. I ordered the Bulgogi and she had the famous Dol Sot. Both dishes were out of this world. First time trying Korean style beef and MAN OH MAN I don't think I can ever go back. I've been dying to start trying more Asian Cuisine and Giwa hit the spot. Their kimchi wasn't as hot as I heard it usually is, but rather mild which I didn't mind. I also had pickled cucumbers? I think that's what they were.. but they were so cold and soft and sweet. The best type of pickled veggie I ever had. Giwa if I could get a large order of that side dish I'd be in heaven!!
The meat was tender and flavorful, really REALLY enjoyed it.  Much more than I enjoyed typical American steaks that you get here. Korean beef seems...I dunno.. a lot sweeter, but not in a bad way. The spicy notes from the sauce and somewhat mild kimchi seemed to balance both flavors out really well. I was wishing I had ordered some after the concert to take home if they weren't closed already. 
Giwa, I give you a 5. I don't hand out 5's freely, but in my budding foodie adventure I have to say that you guys are a keeper. I pray that you guys stay the same as the day I strolled in a few days ago. Definitely going to become a spot of mine whenever I'm in Philadelphia again. I'm recommending it to any of my friends who have a taste for Korean flavor. Your restaurant definitely inspired me to further explore my quest for Asian Cuisine, and I can't wait to see what else there is to try. 
Kinda wish you guys were up in New York, despite the already blooming business up there. 
Fantastic Job!I have had mixed luck with Korean restaurants in times past. The last time I had a spicy squid dish that almost killed me. So I was wary of going to Giwa. But the good smells and delicious looking dishes drew me in. 
   I started with an order of Soon Do Bu(Soft Tofu Stew). When it was served, I could see a bubbling and steaming red mass in the bowl. The smells emanating from it were wonderful. The taste was just as good as the smell, with a nice level of spicyness/heat to it. The spicy tofu stew had an abundance of vegetables(including zucchini, cabbage, and onion) and seafood (clams, shrimp, and maybe some octopus) in it along with a mound of tofu. They also served some cold tofu with some sort of sesame sauce?along with some cold cabbage that I used to quench the fire from the soup.
   As a main course I had the Dak Bulgogi(Spicy Marinated Chicken). The dish consisted of chicken with a red marinade sauce and sesame seeds, steamed white rice, steamed pea pods and carrots along with a dark lettuce leaf garnish. Accompanying this was some more tofu with I believe a sesame sauce and some more pickled cabbage/cold cabbage with red sauce. 
    All in all an enjoyable meal. I think the Tofu soup cleared my sinuses and then some. I had enough leftover for lunch after this(A good thing that hey provide to go boxes). My only beef was that I had to buy bottled water. I could have used at least a liter more of water with my meal or some milk to douse the fire in my belly. But I resorted to gelato for that. And that is the subject of my next review.......During our long layover in Philadephia, we wanted to have some Korean food after a week away from home.
This place is closer from the Liberty bell (6 blocks, but among all the other Korean places we found in the downtown).  Being sat, we had to wait till they opened at noon.
Service was great and the res was decently neat.
Both my mom and I ordered Kim chi Gigae.  It came with two simple side dishes and the soup was delicious.  
Seems like that they are servicing mix of fast food type Korean and regular.Nice small place...ordered their most popular dish..bibmbop hot sizzling plate with tofu. Was good filled with veggies...it's alright. The tofu stew looked very nice and would definitely try that next time I visit.This place is completely Americanized and overpriced. Had the bimbimbap and it didn't even contain your traditional Korean ingredients. The chicken itself seemed like it was the processed kind you see in cheap american all you can eat establishments that was chopped up. I paid around $12 and was still hungry.
I saw someone else get some bugolgi and it looked a bit better. If you're looking for authentic Korean, this place will disappoint.This is one of my favorite lunch places! 
The Korean chicken tacos are to die for!  I like the combination of korean chicken with the cheddar cheese and fresh lettuce. The hot sauce they give you is great too! Depending on how hungry I am, usually 2.5 tacos is the perfect amount!  
I've had the dol sot bibimbap and thought it was just ok. The crispy burnt rice on the bottom was the highlight, but I will definitely only be returning for the tacos!I don't write many Yelp reviews, but I do eat out frequently and I do love Korean food.
I would say that for what this is trying to be, it's great. Fresh ingredients, not too oily, classic Korean concepts. And the service is fast and efficient (I'm a total fan of the self service ordering and pay stations).
One of the best parts is honestly their service: clean locale and SUPER nice people working there.
I really enjoy their food, too! Soon du bu is back as an entree (it was really quite good! Though the tofu wasn't the tenderest I've ever had), the dolsot BBP is yum, and their BBQ bowls are nice too.
Probably one of the best Asian places in the area!The best dol sot I have ever had- including in Korea!  The owners are very nice and service is quick.  I highly recommend this restaurant.I am so happy these guys are doing well. They do such a good job. I used frequent their old location all the time but now due to their popularity they have expanded and modernized with fancy new computers to order and customize your meal.  I love their dol sot. It is dol-icious! 
I wish they would open on Sundays!Ranking this based on the fact it is more a cafeteria than a restaurant. The location isn't big so there aren't many seats. The food is good and they have it ready fast. Dolsot is a good portion also.I can tell that this restaurant is more authentic that most korean places that I've been to, so I can say that if you're looking for well priced meals in center city ft. korean specials, this is a good place. I went
during lunchtime on a weekday and beat the office worker crowd, so go before or after lunch time for a better wait time. The place wasn't quite large enough to fit everyone but I got a table for two. 
I got a sizzling rice bowl and my friends dish featured shrimp, complete with legs and eyes. Although odd at first, he got used to it and really liked his food! The plating was really beautiful, and you get your order on a cafeteria tray.
My bowl was super hot and by the time I tried it, the bottom layer was slightly burnt, but the sauces were really good and perhaps I just didn't eat it properly.came back b/c the bf loves this place.  again, a mix of Korean natives and non-Koreans filling the place.  the chef works very hard and they keep the place immaculate and well-run (but maybe a bit too frazzled at high traffic times).  kimchi pajeon was ok--could use more kimchi.  the dolsot is good but on the salty side and i still can't forgive the no-raw egg.  the tacos were sorely disappointing.  to get legit ones, try tyson bee's food truck.My friend and I often go here when we're craving Korean Food.
I get the kimchi fried rice, & she gets the soon du bu, then we share.
We absolutely love their dukbokki & kimchi pajun.
However, it such a crowded and small place and their prices are going up and the portions are decreasing.  Last year, I remember I used to eat Kimchi fried rice for $7.95 with a larger portion, now its what $8.95 ? $9.95 ? and smaller in size.  I still love Giwa; its the only Korean food joint that satiates my craving.I've somehow never managed to make it to the old location, but I'm glad I checked out their new spot just down the block! It's bright, clean, and looks more spacious. The ordering process was pretty straightforward - tapping through options on screens similar to the ones in honeygrow, with options to modify toppings. 
I got the dolsot bibimbap with bulgogi beef added. It came out pretty quickly and was certainly sizzling hot! Pieces of broccoli that were initially raw were cooked to a soft state as I was eating. I must not have mixed mine up quickly enough because part of my rice got burned at the bottom, but most of the bottom layer of my rice was nicely crispy. 
The portion was pretty generous, with a good amount of veggies and two small sides (I picked kimchi and cucumber salad). They could be a little more generous with the protein - the beef was $2.50 extra, while an egg (which I did not add) would be $1 extra. My total was around $14, which isn't bad, but I've definitely paid less for bibimbap in the past. 
I picked their spicy sauce, which added a nice kick, but was rather bland and made me wish I had also added a bit of salt or soy sauce to the dish. Overall, the food was tasty and the service was pleasant. I probably wouldn't come here too often due to the price, but it does seem to be a healthier option that's not salad in the neighborhood.I came here today for lunch with my friend straight from school and we both were pretty hungry. When we walked in the place was almost packed, only 1 big table left (reserved) and 2-3 bar seat. The cashier was friendly, and it was more of a self-serve style. The food came out quick, in 10min, I got the beef dol sot bibimbap (sizzling hot bowl) and my friend got the sondubu (soft tofu). Every thing was piping hot and exciting to look at. However the flavor was just mediocre, a little bit bland for me. I ended up add all of the sauce that they gave on the side since the food was bland and not spicy at all. The tofu soup was also lack flavor too. The burned bottom rice was good, and the portions were big, so I am happy with what I got.
But if you want the best dol sot bibimbap, go to the food court 2nd floor of H-Mart! The foods are good, bigger portion and cheaper!!Spicy pork entree is fantastic & quite filling. It's a must have.
I also like the spicy pork tacos. They have a lunch deal during the work week where you buy  tacos & get 1 free. Four tacos is a bit much for one person, so I usually get someone to split with me. I know four tacos doesn't sound like a lot, but you'll know it's a lot when you lift the carryout bag.
$15 minimum for credit card, so bring cash just in case.Not a huge fan of the dolsot bibimbap here although they do give you a good portion (well, you kinda pay for it too...).  I found it to be a bit bland and my rice definitely stuck to the bottom of the bowl in all its over-crisp (aka burnt) glory. The meat would have been good had it had a bit more seasoning.  It was okay but I have definitely had better.  2.5 stars for the food but the cashiers here are really nice so rounding up to 3.GIWA--a departation from the sterility and mediocrity of center city. You make me just a bit happier on a busy work day with your steaming hot bowls of goodness. I can disregard the subpar customer service. bibimbap!Giwa was very delicious. The taco lunch special is very tasty. My only con is they can be slow so phone your order if you are taking out.Imaginative and authentic (methinks) Korean menu. Tasty but needs to be tastier. Not HOT. But seasoned. Bit pricey for self-service venue. Should stay open later. -- HotspurLove the dolsot here. A slightly Americanized version but with fresh toppings. The best part is the crust on the bottom. I've never had it crunchier anywhere else, including places in Korea. And for that alone I keep going back. Kimchi pancakes are good. The soups/stews are meh but in a pinch fine.Really have no idea why this place has the ratings that it does. My friend and I ordered the kimchi jiggae and seafood soondubu. The broths were certainly very bland and way overpriced for the quality delivered. Even UTown, a Korean restaurant in West Philly, does the soups way better given their college kids clientele. Also sucks that we had to use plastic spoons for the piping HOT broths. 
We also got the seafood pajeon, which was atrocious for the price tag. Literally four to six flour disks, with a few pieces of frozen seafood slapped on top. The kimchi was subpar. Cucumber was not pickled like they usually should be. Just a terrible place. Only redeeming quality about this place was the modern design and technology - that's about it.