Gnocchi was fabulous! I went with a party of 8, not a very large place so if you have a large party, I would definitely suggest making a reservation. The wait staff truly made sure you had an awesome experience.
Started my meal off with the "soup" (it was a special and didn't have a name)- it consisted of beans, sausage, and a marinara sauce. Its delicious!
My friend and I went halvsies on the white wine/garlic gnocchi and bolognese gnocchi- both had such different, but awesome flavors.
Ended the night with a chocolate lava cake and strawberry gelato- it was heaven in your mouth.
Overall we had a fantastic time, and BYO is always a plus! Definitely suggest if you're looking for a great meal around South Street.the best sandro is back and better than ever,he is from rome when you eat there you are in rome.New to the neighborhood and excellent Italian cuisine! The fresh gnocchi bolognaise was fantastic.This place is great! The menu is amazing with delicious specials. This byob has a crazy pre fix menu! I totally recommend to try, it's 4 course family style your own choice of entree with dessert! $35pp!! I'm in! The service is amazing, one of the best staff in the city!I went here last night on Yelp's recommendation and was less-than-impressed. 
First off, I should mention (at the risk of sounding like an idiot, which I probably was) that my boyfriend and I sat down at the wrong restaurant thinking it was Gnocchi. It wasn't. It was a Kebab House. Gnocchi is small and there's a small sign hanging outside, and the Kebab house was right past the sign so it seemed logical that it was Gnocchi. Plus the Kebab House had outdoor seating and Gnocchi didn't. In retrospect, maybe I would have liked the Kebab House better. 
We had the Caprese appetizer and the mozzarella was very delicious, but my main meal, the Tomato Basil Gnocchi with chicken, was alright at best. The sauce was extremely bland... I even sprinkled some salt in it to see if it would taste any better, and I almost NEVER use salt on anything. The bread they gave us was also bland, and a bit hard which made me think it was old and they just microwaved it so it was warm when it came to the table. Also it wasn't what I thought of as Italian bread, it seemed more like cornbread as it was yellow and grainy. 
My boyfriend said he really liked the food, but I tasted his sweet potato gnocchi and also thought it was boringly bland. 
Maybe if you like cardboard you could eat here, otherwise perhaps try the meat or fish because hopefully that's better than the pasta.Came here for dinner on a saturday night. I have wanted to come here for years and am sorry I waited so long.  It is a BYOB as well so that makes it even better.
Had the antipasti misto and it was good.  It wasn't anything amazing but a nice appetizer for four to share before a meal. The bread is amazing too and apparently made fresh each day there.
Our waiter was great. She was friendly and helpful with the menu. They offer a pre-fixed menu which we did not do, however if you have a big group, this is probably the way to go.  They also have great weekday specials as well.  I had the pollo alla florintine.  The other dishes were the tilapia special, risotto pescatore and pollo parmesian. All were very good. Note- most entree's come with a side of gnocchi. Also try the tiramisu and pistacio gelato. Both we amazing
The atmosphere is nice. There was an accordian player for a little bit during dinner which added to the experience (if you like that). I would recommend this place for really any type of evening for a date, family dinner or evening out with friends. We will definitely be coming back here.This cozy BYO has been the starting place for many memorable(and not so easy to remember) nights for my friends and I.  My girlfriends and I love to start a girls night out here, but it also is cozy enough for a date(providing you dont end up sitting next to my friends and I who can get alittle loud after too much wine).  Located right off South Street isnt the nicest location, but it is close enough to old city to walk on a nice night or a quick cab.  
I am a creature of habit so I almost always get the Chicken Saltimbucca with a Caprese salad to start(its good to share).  I love the homemade gnocchi's that come with most meals or as a meal themselves.  I've never made it to dessert but I hear great things. 
I always recommend this spot to out of towners. I have been there countless times and can't think of one time I was dissapointed. Dont forget to bring your wine...we once had a table buy one of our bottles off us!   
Oh and bring cash...its all they take.If you re in the mood for some good Italian food, visit Gnocchi. The food is very tasteful! They also offer a $35 tasting menu. The space is very intimate. The service was excellent! We left full and satisfied.Gnocchi is a go to for my friend and I, I realize i write overwhelmingly of the italian BYO scene and Gnocchi is a always solid choice.  The food is great, and it all comes with a side of the gnocchi of the day (i think, or i've had a few dishes that did) and it's always amazing.  And i don't feel like i have to order the gnocchi b/c I'll have a taste anyway.  I haven't had any negative wait staff experiences except for that it does get very crowded so sometimes you feel a bit hurried, but I can't begrudge the next party their delicious dinner if i've had ample time to eat my own can I? Also, one of the more reasonable spots! I hear the 2 for $25 is great! I have to check it out!
Four stars for multiple solid experiences and fantastic meals!what can i say this little byob is so nice and walter the owner is so nice thet have a nice menu plus they dont rush you out there gravy is very nice too enjoy you feel like you are in italy mitchellThe food was very good and the price points were very good, however, I don't feel like we got alot of food for the price we paid. Example, I ordered one of the specials (gnocchi stuffed with cheese). $22 but I only got about 10 or 12 gnocchi. They were excellent, and I got a ton of sauce, but certainly was disappointed by the quantity. For $22, I would have expected more.
Others in my party also had smaller portions.
Still, the food was very good.Not bad.  We went with a group, and had a tasting menu family style.  Nothing blew us away, but it was nice and very reasonably priced.  I would go back, but def not a favorite.Where else do two people get to eat an amazing homemade Italian dish for $25?!?! 
I went with a friend on a Wednesday night and had a blast! Sooo yummy and the waitress was helpful and understanding of both of my food allergies (lactose and sulfites). We both ordered the sweet potato gnocchi as our entree and loved every bite. Definitely my new favorite BYOB!This place has THE best gnocchi in queen village.  The hardware store guys next door gave me the run down on the restaurant, how they recently just re-opened with the original owner.  Will definitely go again, can't beat a BYOB little Italian place.I remember when Gnocchis opened back in '02 and there's been substantial improvements in the physical plant of the restaurant. After 7 years, it continues to be an excellent Mom-and-Pop BYO although not as crowded as it once was. And of course, cash only. 
Having moved back to DC, I have to say that it is because of places like this that Philly is a much superior restaurant town than the Nation's Capital. These small places can and must compete in food quality and service alone. 
We arrived early for Philly, at 6:30 and found a group of 18 young bachelors celebrating their buddy''s next day wedding. Although there was plenty of merryment, they were keeping to themselves sort of. Hovever, several ladies with big hair got a table next to us and made more noise than a pack of peacocks in heat at the zoo. I got to remember just how obnoxious a South Philly accent could sound at 250 decibles. 
We sat down and were served by the same waitress that waited on us seven years before. Her English had got much better, although I preferred to talk in my pidgeon Napolitano. 
We both ordered the arugula salad, a very tasty selection with strawberries, blueberries and vinagrette. My boyfriend ordered the sweet potato gnocchi and I ordered the pompano. While the gnocchi was sort of bland, the pompano was just divine. It was fileted at the table and was obviously fresh. 
We washed it down with a bottle of pellegrino and a bottle of good Rioja. 
Overall, this was again, a most pleasant experience. The comments on service I've seen on Yelp need to be put in context. This is a place owned by and run by Europeans and most of all, Napolitans. If you're looking for the "kiss my butt" service expected in many American restaurants, you're in the wrong place. If you want hearty, good food, good European country service and good ambiance, this place is unbeatable.BYOB + Authentic Italian + Fresh Fish + Me = HeavenHad an awesome meal here. Will definitely be back. 
An early snafu with our server bringing us very stale inedible bread to the table. Looked like rye bread that was at least a week old. They remedied the situation by bringing out a piping hot bread basket. And gave us dessert on the house for the inconvenience. The food was absolutely terrific. I rarely rate 5 stars but in this case it is well-deserved.I'll differ with another reviewer on this one.  A small, comfortable BYO just off South Street, Gnocchi has good basic northern Italian food.  The frito misto appetizer is more than enough for two, with perfectly fried seafood, including calamari and shrimp.  The trademark gnocchi is ethereal and is served as a side or as a main dish.  The only caution is the veal, which could be of better quality; have the same dishes with chicken and you won't be disappointed.Have been coming to Gnocchi for years but hadn't been there too recently until last night. They have done some interior upgrades which are really nice. And as always, terrific service, delicious olive oil for dipping bread, the best gnocchi in Philadelphia (spinach is my favorite) and decadent Tiramisu. Was a little bummed to learn they they no longer offer their 2 for $25 mid-week special, but my husband and I always thought that deal was too good to last too long.  Anyhow we enjoyed another delicious meal there last night and was so pleased to find a surprise slice of tiramisu in our bag of leftovers (ate a slice while at dinner but certainly didn't leave any on the plate to be packed to go)  - I'm 9 months pregnant and it was much appreciated when we got home!ok to average standard italian food.  yummy home made pasta and regular italian staples.  great BYO!  kitschy inside italian decor with painted walls mimicking frescos. started with sauteed mushrooms for appetizer which was good. I ordered the fresh fettuccine with a pink sauce while my friend ordered a 4 cheese gnocchi dish. Both were yummy but nothing out of this world.The gnocchi are so fresh! Try the one with mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes in a cream sauce. It's also an added bonus that it's byob.Ambiance is very fun and friendly. Cesar salad was good as well as mixed greens and fruit (look out olives have pits easily confused with blueberries) The artichokes were also delicious. The lamb shank special was fantastic 90% lean for $25. The special gnocchi with broccoli rabe was $18 vs 14 for regular and not really any better. They do not tell you the prices for the many specials of the day and they don't have them written down so be sure to ask so you  are not surprised. Four cheese gnocchi was rich and most filling. Meat sauce gnocchi was the best. Portions leave room for dessert. Tiramisu was fantastic the molten chocolate cake was good but needed to be hotter. Some restaurants make you order this at time of meal, they should do that as it could have been really good. Service is friendly but they took to long to come get order and there were a few mistakes along the way that were very quickly and nicely remedied, went out of their way to assure is it was their fault. All in all a great experience will go back and remember to bring cash and wine.Went to Gnocchi last night with a group of friends. To a person, the six of us walked away thrilled with our meal. From heavenly gnocchi (we tried three different kinds and enjoyed the 4-cheese Spinach the most) to chicken, lamb and salmon, everything was great. My favorite was the veal with spinach, tomato and mozz. 
Service was also terrific despite the place being jam-packed. The owner took great care to make the experience warm and personable and when it came to dessert, they presented the birthday "boy" with assorted desserts on the house. The whole place joined in singing, with the chef belting out a version in Italian. 
The place is noisy but the value is beyond belief. Just remember to bring wine (it's BYO) and cash. Credit cards are not taken.I think my favorite thing about this place was the MORE than accommodating staff. We planned a surprise birthday party here for a friend, so another friend was told to lead him to the restaurant a few minutes after our reservation time so he would be surprised by everyone already being there. The restaurant has a chalkboard, and one of the waiters so graciously offered to run outside to grab some chalk so that we could write a big 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY' message. What a gem.
The place itself is pretty teeny tiny, but they handled our LOUD, wine-drunk group of 9 with ease. BYOB people!! Do it!!!
Gonna be honest, I was so enamored with the place by this point that the food could've tasted like feet and I'd still be all 'YAY GNOCCHI', but everything I tasted was great! Highlights include:
-Caesar salad
-Burrata
-Spinach gnocchi
-Chicken parm
-Tiramisu
Also. all of the specials sounded incredible, but I wanted all 12 of them and I panicked so I just went with the spinach gnocchi. I was definitely not disappointed- it somehow tasted like bacon. Unsure if there was actually any bacon in it but it was heavenly. 
Ps- cash only. Pps- come immediately.Damn it.  One of the best Italian if not the best I have ever been to.  I will be coming here from ny at least once a month.  The price is right the chef/ owner treated my party like kings and queens and the food portions were off the charts and very tasty. The chef/ owner made us feel like family and the space is small ,romantic and personal.This place is simply amazing. The food is outstanding, the ambiance is perfect, the staff are friendly and helpful and very attentive, and the chef is so great it feels like you are at his home dining with his family. My favorite Italian restaurant!
IGNORE THE MEDIOCRE REVIEWS FROM A FEW YEARS AGO! The place closed for a while but the original owner came back and re-opened the restaurant and it is amazing
 again! You must try the artichokes and lamb shank, but it's hard to pass up all the unique specials they offer! Homemade tiramisu is outstanding also. They are offering a chefs tasting menu that is absolutely worth it for only $35!
Cash only! BYOB!This restaurant exceeded our expectations. The atmosphere is quaint and cozy with Italian chatter and music in the background...just like a good Italian meal should be. We went with my cousins and friends so we opted for the chefs tasting. This is definitely the way to go! The variety and amount of food they give you is amazing! The food just kept on coming! We started with some apps...chicken meatballs, burrata, sausage and beans, and octopus all stood out! For the pasta course we went with the broccoli rabe gnocchi and lasagna. The gnocchi was my personal fave! We all got to pick our main course. The pork shank was the table winner. It's huge and extremely flavorful. The meal was topped off with an assortment of yummy desserts. Everything on the menu is superb but I'd go for any of the specials first! Enjoy!Based on reviews I flew to Philadelphia to have a birthday celebration.  I've never been more disappointed in food.  Had a party of 11 and with tip it was well over 700.  Food is not good Italian.  The signature Gnocchi dish was fist sized dough balls. Hard to believe but even bread was bad tasted like stale rye never had that in Italian restaurant. Despite the reviews it was awfulMy favorite mid week BYO! Love this place for their Tues- Thurs special... two salads, two pasta dishes, coffee and dessert for $25The Best food ever, every think is homemade, special everyday ,variety of choices wonderful atmosphere you feel home...Went here this year for my birthday dinner. It was great, we brought our own wine and the did the weeknight couple $25 deal. Defintiely the best value for italian food I have had yet. The portions were not the usual huge that you get at most places that are italian, which I was quite happy about. For the $25 we each had small starter salads, gnocchi and shared a dessert. It was the perfect amount of food for a weeknight dinner. 
I was a little nervous when we walked up to the place and there was no one else dining, but don't be afraid. After we sat down, a few other tables came in as well. It was freezing out, so I assume most people were hiding from the cold.
The waitresses were very nice, you can tell that they are not from America originially, which I think adds to the charm of the place.
All in all it was a great, tasty, well priced meal. 
We will definitely be going backGREATTT italian food!! very fresh and everything tastes like it is made to order!! Great female waitress ... the tiramisu wasn't very tasty.. it needs to be stronger with espresso flavor..however the guava sorbet I got in the champagne glass was DELICIOUS!!3.5 stars for Gnocchi. 
Went here for an early Sunday dinner with my mom and we both enjoyed it. Will order different appetizers next time (we had the frutti di mare which I didn't realize was chilled. Totally my fault, I should have asked more questions. And a goat cheese salad, which was good but didn't blow my mind.)
I had the gnocchi with the 3 cheese alfredo sauce. So so good. The gnocchi themselves were tender and fluffy, qualities that you only get in homemade. The sauce was perfect, creamy and well seasoned it included shiitake mushrooms, radicchio and roasted red peppers. I would order this dish again in a heart beat. My mom had the chicken Marsala which was a great take on a traditional Marsala. The sauce was lighter and the mushrooms were sliced portobellos. It came with a side of sauteed spinach and gnocchi in a aurora sauce, both good as well. 
The waitress was the shining star of the evening (5 stars for her), charming and well spoken she definitely made our evening. Ahem.. an excerpt...
Me: Is you bread homemade? It is wonderful.
Her: Why yes it is, we make it every morning. I did see how much you were enjoying it ( I ate the better half of two baskets), so I gave you some more in your leftover bag to enjoy at home.
That right there folks is damn fine service.
I absolutely will return and am confident that when I order different appetizers this review will be bumped up to 4 stars.ZERO STARS. I arrived on time for my 8 party reservation to find a packed restaurant and two other large reservations waiting to be seated. All three parties were told by management that they would not honor our reservations and when I asked for an explanation I was yelled at repeatedly by the staff. They claimed that other parties (already seated and being served) threatened to fight them- leaving the three large parties who made reservations to suffer the consequences. This was by far the worst experience I have had with customer service and the way it was handled was beyond inappropriate. 
The food looked good though I am obviously not able to comment because I did not have the opportunity to try it. Needless to say, I will not be back.I was actually there for a corporate function some time ago.  This place is not equipped to handle large parties.  The staff were overwhelmed and were not very prepared for a large group.  The food was tired.  Nothing I couldn't get anywhere else.  For those that actually got their food in a timely fashion it was overcooked or had some other problem. They actually forgot to serve many of us our entrees, including mine.  I had ordered a salmon dish.   So after everyone had finished I mentioned for the 3rd or 4th time that I had not gotten a meal so they apologized profusely and minutes later a dish materialized.  They had actually deep fried my salmon and didn't think I would notice.  
Our menu was limited as to be expected for a large function, which was fine but even with that they could not expedite the meal properly.
I would not go back.Gnocchi restaurant was the worst experience eating out ever. It was so bad they gave me and friend the meal for free...  they brought the appetizers after the entree..and we weren't served together, they never attended to us, they never brought water or bread..the worst service...my dish was cold,( pasta) so they took it back to heat it up and then brought it back and it was still cold..  I ordered soup and appetizer and only got a soup after entree...other folk walked in got bread and water and we didn't...they offered us free desert and a free meal for the mess up..it is not even an Italian owned restaurant ..they give the Italian a bad name.
Never in my whole restaurant lifedid I have an experience like this
Beleive me ..being Italian and lived around the world, skip this one for sure. 
I give this a big O.I've had a lot of great Italian as a Philly suburbanite; however, this was by far the BEST Italian I have ever had. Fresh, flavorful, special, affordable entrees & appetizers. Relaxed, comfortable atmosphere. Attentive, happy staff. From start to finish, it was an outstanding experience. My daughters (6 & 1), husband, & I have a new favorite restaurant! Go to Gnocchi now! You will not regret it.I'm by no means a restaurant critic but, in my opinion, the only thing going for Gnocchi is that its pretty cute and very reasonably priced. Although Antipasta Misto at $8 was an absolute waste of an appetizer as it only contained about three slices of some sort of an Italian meat and three "shavings" of cheese served over some greens. 
The 5 of us walked in on a Friday night and were immediately. Gnocchi is a pretty small place so it should have risen a red flag right off the bat. The place was pretty adorable, finished with Italian murals on the walls and dim lighting.
Cozze Al Manicomto (mussels) were as promised pretty generous, however we had to send them back as they did not smell or taste good. Although, as explained by the waitress, this was not the restaurants fault, I beg the differ. If I'm the head chef and I order the "larger", as they explained, mussels that were really full of excrement which resulted in the foul smell and taste, I would NOT serve them. The waitress admitted that the mussels were sent back several times that night. Funny thing is, the mussels kept coming back in at least three other dishes that we ordered.
The Calamari was pretty light and delicious. The pasta however, proved to be nothing special. Although it was tasty, it was very average. The parmesan alfrado sauce in my Gnocchi Verde proved to be a little on the heavy side. I'm not being picky at this point but will still mention that Alla Saltimbocca was a little too salty for my taste, although im sure it was due to the prosciutto and it was probably supposed to be that way.Gnocchi is an obsession of mine, so a random Internet search of "Philadelphia Gnocchi" yielded this restaurant, not surprisingly, as its top hit.  The week day two for $25.00 special described elsewhere (salad, pasta dish, and Tiramisu for two) is a great deal.  The food was great, with the gnocchi being light and fluffy and the sauces (we tried three different dishes) quite superb.  We arrived right before the dinner rush hour (I was visiting from Baltimore), so we had the place all to ourselves. The service was very nice, and I would definitely return.My family and I went to this restaurant tonight and it was disappointing. The food was not good. I could deal with that. The real issue was the poor service - it was slow and unprofessional. My mom asked the waitress for bread and the waitress threw up her hands and sighed loudly  at my mom (it was Mother's Day too). I am sure the waitress was overwhelmed by the large crowds, but that is not an excuse to be rude to a customer. I am really disappointed and I will not be returning.Excellent service, food was pretty good.  I actually liked what my boyfriend got better than my own.  But I got two meals out of it and it was pretty cheap, considering.  Definitely would go back, especially since it is a few blocks from my house.I screwed up big time on new yrs eve and were scrambling for a table for 2 at 9pm and wondering around the area with bottles of wine (our normal BYO was closed and I didn't call ahead like I was told to do numerous times)... I called a few places and they pretty much laughed at me. I'm grateful because it brought us to Gnocchi!! We showed up expecting to be stuffed in a corner and rushed. Not true at all! Staff made us fell very welcome and spent time going over their pre fixe menu with us. The food was outstanding. Octopus was to die for, which isn't on their regular menu but is often a special I was told. The gnocchi was out of this world, so light and fluffy. We cant wait to go back.I've been here a handful of times and each time I've had a great food experience. I have to admit, with a name like gnocchi, I basically just eat the gnocchi here, so it's possible everything else on the menu isn't good (I highly doubt that) but I get tunnel vision sometimes when I see gnocchi....and more than one kind. brilliant! 
Anyway, this place is slightly off south, so it's out of the disorder that south street can be on a weekend, and it's BYO so I this it's fantastic. The waitresses are very nice, I seriously thought the one was having trouble with me, but then we had a 5 minute conversation about where to buy adorned headbands for under 10 bucks, and we were golden for the rest of the meal. My counterparts both seemed to enjoy their meals also, and well we were enjoying the B's the at we had BYO'ed and overall I had a completely peachy time. 
Will definitely return in the future. For BYO happiness before a show at the Shubin. (it's so close!)I'm not sure why this place wasn't more busy on a Friday night. We've been coming here since way back in the day and I'm glad it's back. One of the most reasonably priced restaurants in the city and some of the lightest gnocchi you'll ever taste. Service is always friendly and welcoming.Food was amazing!! Loved it honestly went for my birthday dinner. Waitress was bizarre, however... I don't think I'll be back. Not only did she give what seemed like 15 minutes of the specials rundown, but she also berated me when I ordered something off the regular menu... God forbid I didn't pick something from her over-practiced diatribe. Literally could hear her talking badly about me to the other waitresses... Who the hell orders ribeye at an Italian restaurant ?The owner/chef is amazing!  Always order the special gnocchi (Pumpkin gnocchi in Fall? Yes, please!) or whatever meat special is available (veal, pork, etc.).  Delicious every time!  The mussels are one of my personal favorites.  The service is great, the atmosphere is charming, the food is stellar, the prices are affordable, and it's a BYOB.  Perfect spot for a date, outing with family or friends, or take-out.if you are named after a particular food, it might be advisable to attempt to actually serve that food well.  this place came highly recommended and i ate there with a fairly large group, about half of us had been there before. i had salmon, everyone else had gnocchi or chicken parmesan (not on the menu, but they serve it). mine was below average (definitely not fresh fish, poorly cooked, bland sauce) and everyone else agreed that the food just wasn't what it used to be. the portions were also smaller than they used to be (5 raviolis? - that is a meal?). beyond which, gnocchi comes with everything so shouldn't it taste good? mushy pasta bags more like it. fairly cheap, but not worth walking half a block for.I've been here a few times and I always forget that it's a pretty solid place. The food is well made, and the menu is huge.
They also do this prix fixe menu that is massive. It's 5 courses (I believe) for $35 a person. AND it's a BYOB. This place is perfect for a birthday dinner among a large group of friends (which is how I discovered it 4 years ago), or any other event where multiple people will be dining.We showed up with a reservation for 10 on a Saturday night, which we had also confirmed the day before, and we're basically told our table had been given away because another reservation had shown up with more people than expected. There were also two other large parties with reservations at the same time as us that were told the same thing. The lady in charge that night was extremely rude in dealing with us and dealt with the whole situation very poorly. Even worse was that it was a byob so we had all already bought bottles of wine that basically went to waste at that point. Luckily we were able to walk down the street to Nomad and get a table where we were treated like actual customers.Really excellent since it was taken over by the original owner. Six of us had the $40.00 dinner which includes everything and all top quality. We had grilled calamari (extremely tender) mussels in red sauce, Burrata, portobello mushrooms for appetizers. Then great pumpkin gnocchi for a second course . Then we got entrees- pompano filleted at the table, homemade lasagna and pork loin were fabulous. Then a dessert tray with tiramisu and gelato. And it's a Byo. Great eveningWould love for this review to be higher. After all, the food is quite good, service is solid, prices are reasonable, and the location and atmosphere are better than fair.
So why only 3? It may seem trivial but to me it nearly ruins the place: The super cheesy MUSIC they play!  I like to think I'm open to all different kinds, but one thing I can't abide by is the cheesy pop-classical crap that is Andrea Bocelli, that only marginally talented operatic tenor (the blind Italian one... You know who I mean) that only 50-year old housewives and people with no taste like. His music is campy crap that is poorly sung when compared to any REAL tenor, and every time I've been to Gnocchi it is all they play!  Honestly, I'm being generous giving you 3, Gnocchi.  Play real opera, play Frank, but until I walk past and here ANYTHING other than that Bocelli pablum coming from your speakers I will not step through your doors again. It's unnecessarily ruined my meal there enough.Zero stars. Made a reservation and they gave away our table. We showed up on time for our 8 person 8pm reservation and were told we could not be seated because an earlier reservation had shown up with 5 extra ppl. There wasn't even an offer to seat us later. Two other parties with reservations had the same experience. Apparently the owner was out of the country and the wait staff who was left in charge had no ability to manage a restaurant. Will never recommend or return.Flawless from beginning to end. We did the Chef's tasting menu. There was not one thing that wasn't fantastic. All 10 of us were super impressed and can't wait for another occasion to be back.I used to live near this place and really miss frequenting it. Their tiramisu is the best I ever had and their gnocchi's and sauces are awesome!We had a wonderful experience at Gnocchi. We had a birthday celebration for 21 people and they were able to accommodate us. The food was great. We were actually full just from the tasting menu consisting of 6 appetizers and second course (gnocchi). The price was very reasonable for everything (tasting menu and entree). The staff were also very helpful. We love the ambiance and the personal touches we received from them.
Their gnocchi is pillowy. The meatballs are great as well as the mussels and the cheese course (the burrata was really creamy). The Caesar salad is also well balanced in flavor. We also love the sautéed escarole that came with our entrees which are also good. We would come back again. But next time we will make sure we bring more wine.I'm so in love with this place. The food is phenomenal; I can barely put the wonderfulness into words. You can never go wrong with the chef's specials. Simply irresistible. The atmosphere is great for date nights or family gatherings. The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. I always feel like the number one customer. Sandro has been my favorite chef for years, and I'm so glad he's brought Gnocchi's back to South Street.This was our New Year's Eve destination for dinner. It's BYOB, and the menu featured a four course meal for $45 - you'd be hard pressed to do much better unless you're staying in.
But there just wasn't much special about this place. It was tightly packed - a busy night, obviously, but just a little uncomfortable. Our server was fine but she had a helper who knocked over a glass at out table and then acted like she hadn't been anywhere near it. And the food was mostly good - but either my filet was mislabeled, or it was the toughest filet I've ever had.
There are way too many phenomenal Italian places around for this place to ever cross my mind again. No offense.Best meal in philly in a long while. Loved the octopus, carpaccio , and calamari app. Tuna main course was fabulous. The service excellent too!!
A very warm and inviting staff. We highly recommend it.BEST Meal ....Superb! 
  Gnocchi reopened on June 17. Four of us went there five days later on a Sunday Evening. We were greeted while still on the sidewalk and ushered to a table.  What followed was a dialogue and great contact with the owner chef Sandro......just returned (I understand he opened the original Gnocchi in 1998) after many years in Italy....about 30 miles south of Rome.  He heard that my husband can not do a lot of dairy so he very earnestly said just tell me how you want it and I will make it for you....Sandro also added his thoughts about that day's specials and what he most recommended.  We were laughingly told by the greeter/overseer MISU that Sandro cooks better if you offer him one of your BYOB drinks. We quickly offered a beer and Sandro accepted
.  Wow the results were beyond delicious.  We had a variety of starters including mussels, a special Caprese like salad, and Jewish artichokes (mine)  in each instance there was something special with the mix of seasonings....,you could catch a hint of this, and a little kick of that. You really enjoyed each forkful.  Then came the entrees.....linguine with clams and oil/garlic, rigatoni with calamari and pecorino, veal osso bucco, and whole fish of he day. We all oohed and ahhed as we worked our way through the platters and took a taste of each other's meals, simply superb and I  mean REALLY!  Sandro sent out a portion of Tiramisu for us to enjoy with his compliments....light and delicious.  Will we return?  You betcha! 
 Note they are cash only and BYO. Very reasonable priced. 
  I took several photos but can't figure out how to post them?I am not sure what to think of this place, so I gave a 3.  I would give the food a 4, but the service was pretty bad.  FOOD - Shared the fried calamari, shrimp, and mussel app, which was very good - light fry with lots of flavor and a nice light marinara.  Thought it was weird that it didn't come with lemon on the side, but that's more of just something I am used to.  Both my friend and I had the same meal, Pork Osso Bucco.  It was a special for the night.  It was pretty good, served with some of the best prepared kale I've had and seemingly overcooked gnocchi.  I feel like if you are called "Gnocchi," your gnocchi should be cooked perfectly every time.  The tomato sauce it was in totally made up for it though as it was one of the better ones I've had outside of Italy.  The pork was good, but tough for an osso bucco.  Based on their version, I like veal osso bucco much better.  
SERVICE - It started out great.  Me and my friend are both new to the city, so we are getting used to this popular BYO scene.  The wine store closed before we got there, but our waitress brought us 2 glasses of wine on the house, which was very nice of her.  Our food came out in a timely manner, however, once we were finished, I asked her for the check.  After 10 minutes, we asked another waiter for our check, and then it was brought to us.  We put down credit cards and then 5 minutes later when she returned, we were told they do not take credit.  There was no sign (I looked again later) saying no credit or cash only.  I had to go down the block to a credit machine to take money out so I could pay.  
I will probably return because it is close to my place and the food was decent.  However, I hope the service is better next time.After coming here last weekend for the first time, I had to share the experience with my best pal visiting from NYC. She had the Cacio e pepe, a very well made pasta I had tried and swear by. It was hard not having the same dish again, but I went with their Linguine and Clams to change it up a bit. Both were crafted with perfection. We shared a bottle of red wine that they kindly opened for us. To end the experience, we got the chocolate soufflé which was topped off with a scoop of strawberry ice cream. 
Of course, I can't end this review without noting the amazing staff. Ashley is phenomenal and very knowledgeable of their dishes. She was our server and I look forward to going back again!Took a date to dinner here last night and it was the perfect evening. The wait staff was amazingly attentive and added to the evening.  Our waters never made it below the half way mark without being filled, and there was not enough they could do to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. For dinner I had the Salmon which was cooked perfectly. We brought a Shiraz/Merlot mixture and the food and wine complimented each other quite nicely. We split the panna cotta for dessert and we ended up ordering a second one.  The place itself has a charming, comfortable atmosphere with music softly in the background that takes you back to Italy.  I can not wait to try more of the menu.Phenomenal gnocchi and just amazing cook. The chef is super accommodating and made custom gnocchi meal for us. Loved the food!!!
The place is small and a little warm so they need to work on getting better AC, 4 stars because service was pretty crappy. Hard to get a hold of a waitress and they didn't take the time to tell us specials. The owner chef had to do it. Waitresses seemed more like busboys than a waitress. Unorganized too as we didn't have anyone dedicated to taking our order or bringing food. But the food was great!!We had the most amazing meal tonight. The appetizer was artichokes sautéed in butter that melted in our mouths. Our entrees were the suggested home made lasagna and the special gnocchi made with ricotta and mascarpone in a blush sauce. For dessert, we had tiramisu and panna cotta. It reminded me of dinner in Rome. Thank you for an incredible dinner and great service.Last night I my bf and I grabbed a bottle of wine, a big one, and took it along to gnocchi for their current recession deal of dinner for two for just $25.  After a movie, we headed over and arrived to an empty restaurant at 9:30pm on a Tuesday night.  We hesitated, considering the kabob place next door which we love.  We stuck with Gnocchi mostly to see what the deal really was like.
Also, part of my desire to try this place was to see if it could be as bad as some of the more terrible reviews it's gotten here on yelp.  I mean, the weather's been so annoyingly crappy lately, I was almost in the mood to go off on some bad service!  I was deprived of this though.
The restaurant is really cute and warm.  When we arrived a hostess/server promptly greeted us and offered the front table by the window.   We were treated like kings, actually.  They fawned over us.  Quickly, they  brought out some bread, filled our water and wine glasses for us and refilled them as soon as we sipped them, it seemed.  Eventually when a couple other tables came in, we felt relieved to have the two ladies hover less and let us pour our own wine even.
 We each had chosen to order the house salad which was standard chopped Romain, tomatoes, cucumber and roasted peppers.  It was OK, not bad, not skimpy.  For entrees, we ordered the Fettuccine bolognese  and the Tre Fromaggia gnocci.  I liked both but the gnocchi was surprisingly good.  The cheesy sauce was delicious and the mushrooms and peppers added in were nice with the pasta.  The Bolognese sauce was ok, but it could've used a bit of zip, maybe even some fresh basil. 
For dessert we shared an adequate sized order of Tirimasu and two coffees.  We were indeed quite full for $25.
The size of the bottle of wine maybe helped, but we enjoyed it.  Afterwards, we agreed it wasn't earth shattering good, just good.
As much as I enjoyed the price and service, a trace of regret lingers at my missed opportunity to bitch and yell about it.  Maybe next time!Fantastic. 
Great food - the chef's menu was a bargain with a sample of appetizers, shared pasta, two entrees and dessert. Grilled octopus was fab, the lamb shank was falling-off-the-bone tender with delicious flavor, the eggplant parm had great texture with excellent sauce.  Tiramisu was light and sweet. 
Staff was friendly and welcoming and seem to take pride in the place. The room is charming. 
BYO keeps the price reasonable - always a plus!
This place is a neighborhood gem. 
Cash only, at least right now - but there are atms just around the corner.I wrote a review for this restaurant, but it is no longer posted. Is it possible for someone to delete it ?Finally visited Gnocchi last night, and shame on us for not going sooner. We had a wonderful meal! 
Now, full disclosure: Amy and I are very friendly with the owner. That said, I will tell you we received no special considerations, bonuses or anything else like that. We were served the same as everyone else.
The food was really good. I am 100% Italian and have had some bangin' red gravy in my day, and Gnocchi held its own. From the homemade, dense, crusty, warm bread to the light-as-air homemade tiramisu, everything was good. I ordered poorly on the appetizer side, going with the fried seafood app. I was expecting something more akin to Dmitri's crack-like sautéed mussels. My bad. Amy had her favorite dish of all time, the caprese. The tomatoes were amazing, but really, living as close as we do to Jersey, wonderful tomatoes should be the standard this time of year. Unfortunately not every restaurateur gets that. The buffalo mozz was flavorful and creamy, perfectly firm.
The gnocchi themselves were like cherub pillows. Amy had the Alfredo-style tres formaggio, with mushrooms, roasted red peppers and raddicchio. Really nice. 
They had eggplant parm as an addition last night. Homemade, with sicilian eggplant (hard to find), the same delicious buffalo mozz and homemade red gravy. Melted in my mouth. Best I have ever tasted. Amy agreed. We thought about it all day today. We, we are pathetic.
The service was perfect. Friendly, cheerful, knowledgeable and sweet.
The atmosphere was fine. I did not hear any bad music.
Can't wait to go back!Great lil BYO in Philly!  Best Gnocchi I had in a long time...fresh!  Waitress was sweet...brought us out a piece of tiramasu on the house!  Excellent tiramasu and I'm usually not a fan of it as I don't like anything with a coffee-type flavor.Simple traditional Italian BYOB, with good food and a very pleasant atmosphere. The menu is standard but I often want good traditional Italian food without bells and whistles or precious novel inventions, and this hits the spot. And when I say traditional Italian I mean well-made pastas, veal, seafood, etc - not a gloppy red sauce spaghetti place!  And it is more modestly priced than most comparable restaurants.  It is familiar homey and comfortable - not a fancy high end gastronomic experience. Service is good, the interior is simple and comfortable. It's a good tasty meal had a good value. Cash only.I love the husband and wife team who own this place. They talk to you in Italian sometimes, too. The food here, no doubt, is great. And although the location off South Street isn't stellar, their pasta and dessert dishes make up for it.
Every time I've come here it is always packed with chatter and lots of people with bottles of wine. Definitely give this a try and don't miss the tiramisu.I've been here twice and both times have been fabulous. My boyfriend and I loved everything, from the bread basket, caesar salad, mushroom portobello, meatballs, gnocchi, chicken parmesan, and dessert selections. My favorite is the spinach gnocchi, which can't be compared to anything else I've ever tried...it's seriously the best! Throughout the meal, my boyfriend also kept reiterating how the chicken parm was the best he's ever had. 
On top of the food, the staff are amazing-super friendly and just want you to ENJOY. 
The prices are great and very reasonable. 
I also LOVE that Gnocchi is BYOB!
Will definitely be coming back here, can't wait for more!Came here with 3 high school friends and we were blown away by the freshness of the gnocchi, friendliness of the service and coziness of the establishment. Its a very packed restaurant so get a reservation!
We brought our own wines which they uncorked and put in an ice bucket. The gnocchi was creamy, enough to feed 2 people, fresh and delicious! We got a late dinner and they allowed us to stay past closing time (thank you so much). The service made us feel at home and gave an impeccable review of the entire menu, it felt like being in an Italian home. 
Cash only, and located near great other lively pubs, spots close to south street for post dinner fun.So glad I found this hidden gem off of south st. I was home visiting my family from Los Angeles, and we wanted to try a new authentic Italian cuisine. At first glance, we weren't too sure if we were going to go inside, however we were in for a great surprise. The food was superb, service fantastic, and the portion size was just enough (not too small, not too large). From the hand-rolled gnocchi, to the mouth watering porkchop, and you definetly can't forget about the must-try blackened salmon. I'm happy to say, we found a new hidden gem right off of South st. It's a small Restuarant, but large in flavor and cuisine. We definetly will be dining here again, and I hope more people get to experience there food as well!I was there with a group and the waiter took it upon himself to decide that we all wanted 'chef's table'.  Nobody asked me about this and since I am allergic to red meat as well as most cheeses, I immediately said "Excuse me, but I am not able to participate in that since I have food allergies" the waiter looked at me as though I have three heads and he panicked, saying that "everyone" was ordering chef's table.  I told him that I would order my own things and pay for them.
He then listed off the specials and only one of them was meat-free, but since the description was ambiguous, I asked "How and with what is the gnocchi prepared?"  He said "you can't have the gnocchi, it has flour" I said "I'm not allergic to flour. How is the gnocchi prepared?" He walked off to get the chef, and when they returned, the waiter repeated himself about how I cannot have the gnocchi.  (At that point, if I hadn't been there with a large group, I would have gone elsewhere to eat)  I asked again how and with what is the gnocchi is prepared and the waiter said "with flour, egg and pumpkin". I said. "I know, I have prepared gnocchi many times at home. With what ELSE is it prepared?  Finally the chef explained that he preps it with olive oil, garlic, basil and tomato. I said "THAT is what I Have been trying to find out for the past 15 minutes, thank you". The waiter looked shocked and was rude to me the rest of the time. Yes, the gnocchi ended up being good. The chef knows his job well, the waiter doesn't.
On the menu the gnocchi is $14, yet I was charged $ 23 for it without warning. I only tipped $2 because of this rude and unprofessional waiter. Outrageous. I will not be back.The first bite of gnocchi tasted fluffy and the last one left on the plate was chewy from the outside and soft in the inside. I used their homemade bread to clean up the sauce left. The mousse of their tiramisu tasted fresh and light. You will simply forget that your are already full and enjoy the tiramisu.Excellent veal parmesean - very tender, tasty sauce. Dessert was panna cotta (lemon) with fresh fruit. Very good and perfect on a hot summer evening. Great service, nice people. Highly recommend!Food was delicious! Staff friendly, casual atmosphere. Parking wasn't even an issue - there's a parking lot down the street and off-street parking with Kiosks ($5 for a few hours) nearby.Went there 2 or 3 times with my now wife when we lived in the city. We never had an issue with the service. Good place. Obviously, the gnocchi is great, but so are a lot of items on the menu.All I can say is WoW!  Had the Chef's table and I experienced some of the best food ever.  The Lamb was so tender it fell off the bone.  The Gnocchi is better than Danielle's and the Chicken Parm was so tender you could eat it with a platic fork and never break a tong.  Highly recommend and bring some friends get the Chef's table and DO NOT EACH LUNCH before coming over.  Did I mention the salads, fresh mutz and bruchett, muscles and garlic bean salad?  Trust me you will thank me for this.The food is seriously out of this world. Authentic Italian food with fresh fish and fresh cuts of chicken and veal. The Gnocchi Verde (Spinach Gnocchi) in Alfredo Blush sauce is in all seriousness one of the best meals I've ever had. The service is always great, and the portions are always the perfect size.
The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is I think it's completely bizarre for a BYOB to not even serve Soda. Like...seriously?We live close by Gnocchi and we often forget about it. Last week we decided to have a small birthday celebration and chose Gnocchi. To our surprise they had a great two for $25 week day special menu (Monday -Thursday). The special included a full size salad with a choice of three; about eight choices of entrees including their Gnocchi of the day; and a huge piece of Tiramisu to share along with coffee.  It is a cash only BYOB, but this special was almost too good to believe.  We both had generous portions of two salads, I had the pumpkin gnocchi with a white wine sauce and my partner had a spinach gnocchi in an alfredo sauce. The service was excellent and the food outstanding. You just can't beat the price and variety.First the good points. Our waitress was fantastic and did a great job of taking our orders. It was a great place for our large party and our noisiness wasn't an issue.
Unfortunately, the food was not very good. I had the risotto and it was al dente. The portions were small. The salmon looked like it was divided unitl 3 pieces. Food was bland. I would never return with all the great options in the city.The food was tasteless... I've never had eggplant Parmesan that I had to pour salt onto. The mushroom and mozzarella appetizer was ok but nothing special. Gnocchi came with my meal and also had no taste. Definitely won't return.Horrible customer service experience.  Didn't even get a chance to try the food because upon arrival, we were told that they would not be honoring our reservation.  The excuse I was given was that, due to the Super Bowl falling on this weekend, there was a much larger population in the city on this particular weekend and that every reservation showed up with extra people.  Let me remind you that the Super Bowl was held in Minnesota, not Philly.  So, instead of honoring reservations that had already been booked previously, they decided to just allow people to bring extra people with them to their reservations.  I was told "There is nothing I can do about it" and that "this was not my problem".  My girlfriend was also told that one of the reservations that was originally booked "brought an extra 10 people with them" and that the owner/hostess was "threatened to be beaten up" by the person who made the reservation if they didn't accommodate their extra people.  This same person also thought it was a good idea to get in my girlfriend's face, insinuating a physical altercation was going to take place.  Thankfully it did not get to that point, but I feel it is important to relay this type of behavior to others.  This is all after I confirmed my reservation with the restaurant two days in advance.  Wouldn't recommend it to anyone if it was the last restaurant in Philly based on the way the owner spoke to both myself and my girlfriend when all we wanted was a simple explanation as to why they would not honor our reservation and would allow other reservations to just bring extra people in with them.  I guess they have a different understanding of the word "reservation" than the rest of the world.The food was excellent, assuredly homemade, best gnocchi I've had by far.My best friend and I recently stopped in here on a Thursday night to check out the new "2 for 25" deal.  a quick primer: two people each get a salad (you get three choices), an entree (many choices, including one not on the regular menu: ravioli), and then you share a slice of tiramisu, all for $25 total.  the offer is only available on weekdays.  I've had a few enjoyable meals here before, and always felt like the pricing was very reasonable, but this deal is pretty great. 
upon sitting down at our table we were instantly greeted by our server, who opened our bottle of wine and dropped off bread for us.  service was efficient the whole way through the meal, around when needed but otherwise out of sight and mind which was very pleasant.
i ordered the house salad, which was well sized and had some really delicious marinated mushrooms in it. i don't eat salads much at restaurants because they tend to be overdressed or overpriced, but this one was very well rounded and made a nice start to the meal.
for an entree i ordered the gnocchi of the day, which came out in a delicious buttery basil sauce with diced tomatoes and mushrooms.  the gnocchi itself was green and very likely had spinach in it, but honestly I'm not sure and i never actually asked what the ingredient of the day was.  it didn't matter much to me, because it tasted good.
right around the time that we were almost done with our pasta, our waiter appeared with another basket of bread for us.  we didn't ask for it, but the moment it hit the table we both grabbed slices and used them to soak up the leftover sauce and quickly devoured every last sign of food having existed on our plates.  the extra bread was a nice touch, and very much appreciated.
the slice of tiramisu was light in both texture and flavor.  after the strength of flavor in the sauces and the wine, it almost felt a little too delicate, but was still quite good.  the size of the slice was plenty for two people, and at the end of the meal we were both pleasantly full.  
they offered coffee, but we had shown rather late and didn't want to linger and keep them from shutting down.  and on this I'd like to make a comment:  I'm really sensitive about not being a burden on folks who just wanna shut down and get the hell out of work.  i won't even walk in a store if i know they close in the next half hour. to the credit of everyone working in this restaurant, we were never in any way made to feel rushed.  after noticing that we had stayed past closing, i also noticed that everyone was very relaxed about it, which i appreciated.  
overall a good meal for an excellent price, with really wonderful service and a relaxed, cozy atmosphere. this is one of those places that makes the South Street area more than just a strip mall, and is definitely worth checking out.This place is a hidden gem, food here is authentic Italian, the place is a little small,  but the staff did everything to accommodate our large party,  our table shared the appetizers everything was delicious, I had the whole fish with the side of gnocchi, I will definitely be going back!The food is SO good here!  We were there as part of a party of five, and every one of us thought the food was delicious...'way better than average, and nicely served. But we could not have a conversation. Another reviewer described this restaurant as romantic, and I can see that it could be on another night, but not on a night when the tables are full.  I realize that some of this is out of the control of a restauranteur, but steps can be taken to soften the din. If that ever happens, I would love to have another dinner at Gnocchi.Such an amazing and cute little place. The service was awesome and the food was delicious. When we arrived we were instantly greeted and seated. Several different severs came over to get our drinks and provide us with bread. Our one waitress' knew all of the specials (there were a lot) and informed us of what was the best. We both got gnocchi's and they were great. Filling and tasty! I will definitely be back.Pasta is fresh and delicious. It's made fresh every morning. Perfect for family dinners or dates. Have tried all the gnocchi on the menu spinach is a must. Salads are great too. The wait staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. We go there on a weekly basis bc of there weekday menu (Mon-Fri). It's an amazing deal, for $25 you can get 2 salads 2 entrees and a shared dessert.Doling out this 2 star review I realize how ridiculously skewed my ratings are.  I rarely do it.  But I just didn't like the food at this place.
I wanted to try Hosteria Da Elio which is in the same area, but when I called, the friendly man with the Italian accent said they were not currently open Mondays (but would be doing that soon).  I wish it had been open or we had tried a place with a better review like La Fourno or the Kebab house next door...
The place is cozy, though slightly cramped, with an exposed brick wall on the left side.  Slightly dinghy.  Cold air kept blowing in whenever new customers arrived.
Initially I was satisifed with service which was very friendly.  Our first bottle of BYOB wine was uncorked quickly.  The menu was explained to us.  We liked the cheap $25 for 2 meal which is available Monday through Thursday.  (As explained previously you recieve 2 salads, 2 pasta dishes, 2 coffees and a tiramisu to share.)
We received our salad.  I got the salad with mixed greens, feta and citrus vinaigrette dressing.  The waitress offered fresh pepper for the salads which was nice.  The salad was OK - a good portion of fresh lettuce, good feta, but it was drenched in the dressing which made it a bit soggy.  The dressing was also a bit sweet for my taste.
However, then the wait began.  They refilled our water glass after every sip but our pasta dish took what must have been a full 45 minutes to reach us.  And this time no offer of fresh pepper.  The sweet potato gnocchi was fair, the white sauce was nice.  However the tomato basil gnocchi was probably the worst gnocchi dish I've ever had, and considering the name of this restaurant that is the main source of the 2 star review.  The sauce was supposed to be aurora but seemed to be a bland marinara.  I swear I've had better stuff out of jars, so why am I paying for this at a restaurant?  Meanwhile the water filling slowed down and it took forever for us to find someone to open another bottle of wine for us...
The tiramisu was nice - fluffy and flavorful.  But it didn't save the meal...  To top things off, after paying and as we stood to leave, the waitress that previously seemed to be so pleasant said "Ok guys!  See you!" and rudely brushed past me and my girlfriend to bus the table and rush us out of the restaurant...  even though no one was waiting for a table...
The wine was really the best thing we had all night, and we could have taken that to any BYOB we pleased...  Bad decision...We had an amazing experience at Gnocchi. The price point for the chefs table was extremely generous. The chef went out to his way to accommodate my gluten free diet. Everything was prepared with fresh ingredients and amazing flavors. I can't wait to returnYou will be thankful you have taste buds.  This is superb food made from scratch. I currently live in DC but am from Philly and this is my MUST GO to restaurant when there. Been there so many times I couldn't even tell you how often I've been there in the past. The food is amazing while relatively inexpensive and the value just incredible. 
As others have said the specials are indeed just that - special. If the veal or pork shank is on the menu get it. The meat melts in your mouth as it falls off the bone. This is not your average "Italian restaurant" - Sandro, the owner/chef has been featured in Bon Appetite and has a resume that'll make any foodie drool in anticipation.  If like me you enjoy dessert then save room for the tiramisu which is made there and is the best I have ever tasted in my life.  It's BYOB so bring extra (yes it's that friendly).I used to live right near here and we used to come all the time.  They had the most delicious gnocchi's and fresh pastas and vegetables.  It's a BYO, cash only... and it was always amazing.
I've since moved away from the area, but we come back from time to time.  It had been a while, so we went back on Sunday with my boyfriend and my parents to revisit this neighborhood gem.  It's one of my dads favorites in the city.  We were sat right away at a nice table, and then the sitting began.  I really think our waitress was drunk or something.  It's just not possible for such awful service to exist any other way.  We weren't trying to be unhappy, we hadn't seen eachother in a while and we were looking to be left alone and catch up, but this got ridiculous.
About 10 minutes went by and we got our wine bottle opened, and procured some glasses.
About 15 minutes after being seated, our waitress seated another 2-top and at this point noticed that we didn't have menus, and got them for us.  After seating the 2-top she tried to sell us on a price-fixe tasting menu.  We weren't interested.  We did, however, learn what the specials were.  My mom isn't a huge cream sauce fan so she asked if she could take the garlic and oil sauce from the special and put it over one of the gnocchis that come with a cream sauce.  Our waitress told us that this flavor profile wouldn't work.  Garlic, oil, and pasta... My mother, who happens to be 100% italian, owned a restaurant for 12 years, and pretty much grew up cooking- was flabbergasted, but tried to hide it as well as she could.  How can you not give the customer what they want?  
The next time our waitress came around we caught her and tried to order, but she wasn't ready yet so we mobilized... got our whole order together, got our 2nd bottle of wine ready to be opened, and prepared our request for water... by this point we've been there for about 40 minutes.  The table that arrived after us had their salads.  
She came back and we gave her the whole shebang- appetisers, salads, and entrees, water, and a 2nd bottle of wine opened.  My mom had worked back up the confidence to order what she wanted- the spinach gnocchi with garlic and oil sauce... and our waitress smugly told my mother that the flavor profile wouldn't work.  My mom asked if she'd do it anyway, and the waitress insisted that it wasn't an option.  Garlic... oil... spinach... sounds delicious to me!  She went with a pink sauce, but clearly it's not what she wanted.  
OK so sidebar here- when you're at a restaurant and you're about to order something that's a mistake, the waitress may guide you in another direction.  They may suggest something better... but I've never seen anyone just flat out say 'no' before.  It was really a show-stopper.
About an hour after we got there we got a bread basket and little plates.  No butter or oil, so we snagged some oil, salt and pepper off of another table that had just left.  She brought water glasses and filled 3 out of the 4 of them, and left.  The pitcher was not empty or anything... she just didn't give my dad water?
Appetisers came and were great.  We got our silverware about 5 minutes after our appetisers came out, but we had plates!
Salads came next and were solid.
Dinner came 2 hours after we had sat down.  She offered us pepper, but we declined and asked for cheese.  She walked away and totally forgot.  After about 5 solid minutes of watchign her roll silverware, i hopped up and grabbed some... We were picking at our food waiting for the cheese, and the gnocchi pasta dishes were served cold.  I had the linguini and it wasn't warm... but it wasn't as cold as the gnocchi.  My dinner was alright- the mushrooms were overcooked and the pasta was clumping togehter, but it tasted ok.  I took a taste of my moms and it was literally frigid.  She was too upset by this point to send it back though (not to mention we all had work the next day... we were getting sleepy... we'd been there for HOURS)... so she ate as much of it as she could, and then just left the rest.  My boyfriend got the pork shank and said it was pretty good, but hard to enjoy with all of the other BS we'd endured by that point.
Our night ended with a free desert that it seemed like everyone got at that point- a piece of tiramisu and some salted carmel gelato.  Both were delicious... but at that point we just wanted to go home.\
My parents paid the check for us which was very nice.  I have no idea what they tipped, but this waitress literally ruined our dinner.  The food wasn't up to par... as I know what this place is capable of.  It just wasn't great... but the service just killed it for us.  We wanted to be left to chat and enjoy one anothers company a bit, but this was just bananas.  Unfortunatly, i think this place may be beginning to decline.  I don't think we'll be returning any time soon.The restaurant Gnocchi was even better than expected. It was unlike anywhere that you can get in center city. It is most certainly worth the the uber ride to south philly. We did the pre-course menu that you can even choose your own entrees to! It's unbelievable. The portions are so generous and food so authentic. The owner even stopped by to see how everything was after he cooked all of it. The fish deboned to perfection, gnocchi outstanding. Please venture away from the corporate restaurants and experience done top of the line Italian food. Even the espresso is fantastic!I'm not even that picky, but this place was terrible. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that in the past they were decent, but on this April night in 2011, everything from the bread to the salads and finally the pastas were just dreadful. 
First, the bread was served. Rock hard. Barely edible.
Second, I got the "gnocchi house salad". $6.00 for romaine with portobello mushrooms and roasted red peppers. Now I know why it's $6.00. It was basically a plate of romaine drenched in oil+vinegar with ONE tiny slice of a portobello and TWO small roasted red peppers. My girlfriend got the caesar salad. She said it was soggy and couldn't finish it.
For entrees, I got the "fettuccine spinaci" and added grilled shrimp. The plate was small, and the fettuccine noodles I swear had the flavor and consistency of ramen noodles. The shrimp, however, was decent. My girlfriend got the "gnocchi tomato basil" and added chicken. The gnocchi was either overcooked or just really soft and cheap. It practically fell apart on my fork. And the thin chicken slices were just thrown on top of the dish. They tasted like frozen chicken strips you'd get at an Acme or Superfresh.
The waitress was nice, but hovered around us the entire time (we were one of 3 tables there). She seemed to be able to tell we weren't enjoying the food and has probably dealt with that before.
Also, as others stated, the music was definitely pop opera, loud and kind of silly. More of a cheesy atmosphere as opposed to romantic.
For a $45 meal for 2 you could do much better in the neighborhood. Hosteria Da Elio is really good, with similar prices but far superior food. Bistro Romano is pricier but anything is worth it to avoid Gnocchi. Maybe it was just an off night, but we will not be back.Gnocchi is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It's tiny, so I'd advise making a reservation, but the food is TO DIE FOR. The Gnocchi Tres Formaggio is one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten. The wait staff isn't overly friendly, but I've never had any complaints. Great place to enjoy good food and a bottle of wine, without emptying your bank account.came here with a group of friends a few weeks ago, we were not judged on our casual dress & our box of franzia. Really cute but fancy intimately small place. Service was awesome, on top of everything, informative and genuinely friendly. And my god the food is SO good, totally recommend this place. Thanks for a great dinner!Ok my one and only visit to this place was riddled with peril from the first 10 minutes there.  Mom, Dad, Brother, and I decide to go out to eat, since they are visiting from Chicago...we find Gnocchi, nice BYOB, near south street, great place to walk around after dinner.  
Our waiter misunderstood our order for appetizers and brought 2 orders of fried calamari, instead of 1 and another appetizer.  They then told us we were wrong, and we ordered 2 of them...we didn't.  They tried to make us keep it and pay for it, but we assured them it was a misunderstanding and they finally let it go.  
Dinner was actually very tasty, no complaints.  Then dessert - we ordered the fig gelato and cheese cake, which we shared.  My dad and brother ate most of the gelato, I only had 1-2 spoonfulls.  
We get the check....cash only, so my bro and pops go to the PNC bank down the way.  While there, little brother experiences sharp shooting abdominal pain, that passes with some discomfort.  Pops and bro get back, we pay, and start walking down south street.  
Bro disappears to go buy a present for his GF.  Mom, pops and I continue walking to SuperFresh to get something, when pops gets hit by it...uncontrollable stomach pains.  It was to the point where we were standing on the check out line at SuperFresh, and i looked at my father, and he looked so helpless and sad, in so much pain...it was a very sobering moment to see your father so helpless...needless to say he had to use the bathroom in the back of the supermarket...behind the fish.
Brother calls me 5 minutes later "yo i'm in the starbucks bathroom...i just took the worst shit ever"
me: "pops is doin the same thing"
we suspect foul play and will never go back againI would not return to this restaurant. With a reservation for two and with a restaurant that was empty with only six customers, i was seated by a heater and when asked to sit elsewhere, I was told that they had many reservations and could not seat elsewhere,  The heater causes me bloody noses and headaches.  Other customers arrived and they were seated in other areas not close to heaters.  This total disregard for customers did not sit well.  As we stayed, more and more customers arrived and were seated away from heaters,  The food did not compensate for the attitude of the waitress who vocally made comments as she ordered our food. She did not need a mike since she was clearly heard.  I was out to enjoy myself and that was not the case.  I do not care what the reputation this restaurant has. I was not a pleasant experience.  I did tip, but it was the Brazilian tip.Went the other night for what was perhaps the worst tasting gnocchi ever.  It was awful. Of the five of us who ordered, only one ate the entree. The rest of us could not force ourselves to eat the food. So bad. Stale bread. Meh. Such a disappointment. Not recommended.Probably the best authentic Italian Restaurant that I have eaten at. The service was top notch and the food was unbelievable. We had the Chef's table for six and the food just kept coming. I highly recommend this place for great food.I've been coming here for over 16 years, we stopped in over the weekend for a late dinner and were instantly reminded why we keep coming back.  A knowledgeable kitchen staff has perfected every dish on the menu. Don't shy away from specials, here.  Their osso bucco is world renowned.The $25 deal is great, but the food is not. Everything we ate was pretty bland, and the decor is shabby.
On the plus side, it was great for a first double-date, since it's BYO and the price is clear.Gnocchi is a quaint little hole in the wall  BYOB restaurant.  I loved the cozy atmosphere that was filled with lots of chatter and laughter.  The food was delicious from appetizer to dessert.  I must say it's namesake is my all time favorite food so needless to say I'm  an expert...hehe.  They did not disappoint, the gnocchi's melt in your mouth and you can have them as your main dish or a side dish.  No one's dishes disappointed from seafood entrees to pasta, everyone left satisfied.  We had a party of 7 which I don't suggest, It is a very small place and probably more comfortable for smaller groups, though we were accommodated quite nicely.  You definitely need reservations and they are  very strict with the late policy  since tables are limited .   Be prepare it is a cash only evening.I can't believe this place has 3 1/2 stars! Average Italian food including tiramisu but BYO is always a plus. The noise level is very high and our waitress was drunk- her red wine stained teeth were a tell tale sign! With a city filled with Italian BYO's, this should not be a top 5 choice!We had the prefixe meal which was to be honest more than enough food for the 4 of us, but quantity is not always best.  There were some good spots to the meal, such as the caprese salad and the namesake gnocchi.  The veal was over cooked, the fish was not all that appetizing and the other dishes were just not seasoned well at all.   To be honest, the tiramisu was really good and the honey gelato was amazing.  As far as dinner goes, I don't think I will be venturing back anytime soon, but if you on South street and wanted a quiet dinner before you go ou, it isn't so bad.I just saw on Yelp that Gnocchi is 
"Closed" HA!  That's strange because I'm eating here for the second time this week!
Last night I had a delicious lamb shank w a side of gnocchi in red sauce, and tonight I had a seafood soup w clams, mussels, shrimp, and calamari. The soup by itself was a meal! For my entree I had linguine carbonara...bellissimo!
The foods delicious! The portions are generous, and the staff is friendly!
The rumors of gnocchi's demise have been greatly exaggerated! Come on down!It was fantastic! Amazingly empty on a late Saturday night. Everything was delicious, and the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable. We will definitely be back the next time we're in Philly.My daughter and stumbled on this gem of a restaurant when we were visiting Philadelphia from Los Angeles under difficult circumstances.  The gnocci were light as air, the burrata was creamy and delicious!  The specials were enticing, the atmosphere cozy and the waitress and staff were delightful and the prices were reasonable.  Bring cash, and a bottle of wine when you come.  They were wonderful to us.Simple traditional Italian BYOB, with good food and a very pleasant atmosphere. The menu is standard but I often want good traditional Italian food without bells and whistles or precious novel inventions, and this hits the spot. And when I say traditional Italian I mean well-made pastas, veal, seafood, etc - not a gloppy red sauce spaghetti place!  And it is more modestly priced than most comparable restaurants.  It is familiar homey and comfortable - not a fancy high end gastronomic experience. Service is good, the interior is simple and comfortable. It's a good tasty meal had a good value. Cash only.We learned the hard way that Philly is a city who loves reservations. So after having difficulty finding a spot the night  before, we made reservations for here early. Charming and in a wonderful location, Gnocchi is warming and cordial. And the food resonates with such. I got to speak in Italian with our waiter which is always fun for me and a good sign that if an Italian will eat/work here, then you should pay attention to it. I ordered the linguine con vongole, but our table started with the burrata and also the basket of bread they put on our table. We had also brought our own wine. In addition, the restaurant is cash only. 
My linguine with clams was simply delicious, but what really made the night was the singer who quieted down the restaurant every so often with some beautiful opera. Now, that's amore.
I hope on a return visit to the city we make it back out here again!Gnocchi is a cozy, cute little restaurant serving fairly authentic Northern Italian food.  The spinach salad with goat cheese was delicious--excellent cheese and lots of it.  The gnocchi were truly exceptional--light and puffy with delicious tomato basil sauce.  The linguine my boyfriend had appeared to be homemade as well and were quite delicious.
My only complaint is that the wait staff were a little pushy and seemed to be hustling people out the door.   But it was a Friday night...This dimly-lit, romantic place has good gnocchi (how could it not, with that name!) but also amazing fish that they will fillet for you tableside.Been going here with my family for years and it never disappoints! Closed down about 2 and a half years ago and reopened in August. Sandro, still the original owner, takes pride in all his dishes and makes it one of his top priorities to be friendly with all his customers. The Fussili is my favorite dish - Lamb Ragout with Fusilli pasta and smoked Mozzarella. Portions and prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly and polite! Always assists me right away with water and fresh bread. The scenery is very authentic and the Italian music in the background creates a beautiful atmosphere. Always going to be one of my go-to's for genuine Italian food!Nice BYO near south street (don't let the Passayunk address throw you off) with excellent gnocchi. Completely meatless all carb dishes usualy leave me unsatisfied, but their gnocchi can really be described as "pillows." Soft, fluffy, almost no need to chew gnocchi that doesn't make you feel bloated 2 hours later. 
I didn't get any of the entrees, but my dining mates got osso bucco and chicken saltimboca (both came with a side of gnocchi). Both were tasty, but not as spectacular as my portobello mushroom gnocchi.If you are looking for great Italian at a reasonable price - try the chef's tasting menu: bountiful appetizers, fresh pasta, pick your entree and desert plate. It's a little off the beaten pack from south street - but well worth the exploration.This restaurant is SO GOOD!! My girlfriend and I went for dinner on a Saturday night around 7/7:30. The tables did start to fill up quickly. It is BYOB and only cash (I didn't know this but there are atms close by). We had two appetizers to start: grilled octopus with a homemade salsa and what appeared to be Italian dressing on top of mixed greens and then the other was fresh burrata, large slices of tomato, fresh basil drizzled with EVOO and thinly sliced prosciutto. It was mouth watering. For entrees my friend had the lamb on the bone and you didn't even need a knife to cut it. I had the "special" gnocchi with cheese in the middle. The menu is very small but their specials they tell you verbally is very long. I highly recommend just ordering one of their specials versus something on the everyday menu. I will be back again with my husband in the very near future!The Insalata Agrumi was amazing. Any salad with goat cheese is a winner for me, but this was especially good. The gnocchi dishes I've tried were all tasty (someone on menupages recommended asking for extra sauce. Do that.) but the winner was a ravioli with pink sauce that's no longer on the menu. This BYOB is one of the few where I actually wanted coffee after dessert (perhaps to offset the wine). 
Service is attentive without being pushy. Cash only which I usually grumble about, but for these prices (the couple/recession special or whatever was perfect) it's ok.I came here with a friend because it's a byob. We had a seafood appetizer, it was served chilled, which was interesting. I got the seafood gnocchi and I expected it to be in a white sauce, but it came in a marinara sauce. I was sceptical because I am very picky about red sauces but I was pleasantly surprised. Service was excellent. I had been drinking the night before and ended up drinking over 10 glasses of water while I was there and the server somehow managed to keep up so bravo!This was the cutest little place with amazing Italian food. We went on a Wednesday night and it was not crowded.  The service was wonderful! Will definitely be coming back.  Word to the wise: it's CASH only. Prices are very reasonable though!AMAZING service and amazing food. We were unable to be seated at our reservation time, so they bought us a drink at a local bar and gave us a complimentary appetizer and desserts. It was a lovely atmosphere and the staff were unprecedented. We will definitely return very soon!I've been to Gnocchi twice now, and had pretty good food both times. We tried a trio of fried seafood for an appetizer, however, but could only see that there were calamari and about 3 shrimp on the plate. No third seafood! My meal was great, though, and I finished all of it (linguine with crab and shrimp in an "interestingly spicy" red sauce). Yum! My friend had a special whitefish (I forget the name of it), which was so mild that you could hardly believe it was fish. It was de-boned right in front of us. Skills! The waitstaff was nice, but since it was so small, there's not really time to relax after you're finished. Others were waiting. Good, but don't linger.I'm shocked to see a review that said "just ok" gnocchi. I am Italian, I ONLY eat gnocchi at my grandmom's because what constitutes gnocchi at most places are hunks of dry potatoes. Gnocchi changed all of that. These little pillows were heavenly, and the sauce was amazing. My husband had osso bucco, with mussels and ceasar salad, our bill was $51. you have got to be kidding, amazing, cheap food? We're going back Saturday! 
Cash only kiddos so bring those C notes. Also, they only serve water, but you can bring in your own soft drinks in.We showed up early on a Saturday without a reservation, as I'd been there on weekdays and hadn't had trouble getting a table. They initially thought they couldn't accommodate u (a party of 4), but as we stood outside brainstorming other options (with our infant in a carrier), they came to offer other restaurant recommendations, and one moment later, offered a table when they realized a reserved table wasn't coming. The food was great (especially loved the artichoke and string bean appetizers) and an excellent value, it's BYOB, and the ambience is warm and welcoming.The best food the best service. All staff goes above and beyond. I highly recommend this cozy restaurant.Gnocchi was nothing but disappointing!
My husband and I started with the grilled vegetable appetizer and it was drizzled with red wine vinegar. It was very tart! I would of thought balsamic vinegar would of been a better fit for roasted vegetables.  
For our Entrees I had the Chicken Florentine. It was just OK. There was no real flavor. As for the side of Gnocci, it definitely  was not all it was crack up to be. We have had better.
My husband had the linguine with shrimp. They actually left the tails on the shrimp and they were not washed thoroughly. 
It was all around disappointing!
I would not go back!I went here with four other people and we decided on the prix fixe menu. What a great decision that was! They brought out six appetizers (the mussels and mozzerella portabellos were my two favorites), then a tasting of gnocchi and ravioli, and then we could choose any entree off the menu, including specials. I got the pollo alla gnocchi, which was good, but not as good as I hoped. My friend ordered the braised pork shank which was absolutely delicious. Dessert was hazelnut gelato, tiramisu, and chocolate tiramisu with choice of coffee/espresso/cappuccino. I rolled out of here very satisfied with the food and overall experience. I will be back to try out some more entrees.I came here with a group of 12 people, very accommodating for the size of the party. We were here for way to long, 3 hours. It took over an hour for them to take our order. We had to ask multiple times for them to take it. They wouldn't give us bread until after we ordered. By time point everyone was starving. Our food to forever to come out too, I understand it was a big group but still. Food was good. The place is pretty small and intimate.This is probably my favorite restaurant in Philly. It has a very traditional and homemade feel. The staff is always amazing (specially Adil!) and the food is better everytime. I can't recommend this place enough, it's cute for a date night and goes well with large groups since you can share; the ambiance is just the best! Ps: it is BYOB and cash only!Excellent food, truly excellent service, and a lovely atmosphere. Will definitely go back again! For those wanting to go, pay attention to the specials because those were fabulous. It is a BYOB place and cash only so be prepared.This review is 4.5 stars. I came here with high expectations after reading a number of reviews stating "The best....ever" I think people like reviewing in superlatives! My fellow diners ordered the eggplant layered with cheese (goat?) that was as artistic as it was tasty, the artichokes-on point, and I ordered my favorite Caesar salad. All were excellent, and accompanied with warm bread, EVOO, and some parmesan cheese. For main meals we ordered the gnocchi with a quite savory red sauce, the fish special, and I went with the veal parmigiana. The gnocchi were homemade, the fish was perfectly cooked and the veal was top notch. Like a child, I asked for a side plate of linguine with butter to go with my veal, and I found out they don't have butter.. So, I got linguine with demi-cuit garlic and olive oil. I got over it! For desserts we ordered the tiramisu and chocolate fudge brownie. The tiramisu was the stand-out. This place is cash-only, BYOB, and doesn't have a website. Worth making a reservation! Very nice staff, and I enjoyed the music. (Not that it was overwhelming, they had a nice selection of songs.)this is a quaint place with an at home atmosphere and exceptional food... they have one of the most delectable vel chops i've ever had.the Gnocci of course is ver tasty and comes on the side of everything as far as i know... they're menu selection is small but when you get something right stick to it..quality not quanity...Ugh what a disappointing experience. We booked a reservation for a large party, so the complete lack of service was inexcusable. They couldn't time the meal to save their lives. Half of the dishes were overcooked, including my scallop appetizer, dammit. At least 3 people at the table sent their dishes back for being stone cold. My server couldn't perform a tableside filet to save her life, it looked like a 3 year old had attacked my fish with a spork. The fish, one of the days specials, was completely flavorless. And several people said that the gnocchi was mediocre at best.The special gnocchi is the best gnocchi I have ever had! My friend got the lamb shank that was to die for- so buttery and savory bursting with flavor.Food was amazing and our server, Alicia, was wonderful!!! The spinach gnocchi is out of this world. The special's menu also had a stuffed gnocchi with a blush sauce, which was very good. An appetizer made of roasted red pepper, eggplant and goat cheese was the stuff of dreams! Only complaint: quite loud. Not exactly ideal for a quiet romantic meal.Recently been to Gnocchi and was not impressed.  Had gnocchi bolognese.  The gnocchi served with this dish was very heavy and not good.  The mussels however were very good.Ordered the ricotta gnocchi and lamb fusilli. Came with bread and tiramisu. Delicious! They also worked with us because the gnocchi was a special so not on the regular Grubhub order. Looking to our next meal here.I loved this place! It is perfect for that simple, charming, cozy neighborhood BYO. Although the food is not out of this world amazing, it is definitely delicious and very reasonably priced. My friend and I came here on a weeknight, had an appetizer and two entrees and our bill was less than 40 dollars. Also because it's a BYO you save even more money. I had some pumpkin gnocchi and it was great! We had the fried mozzarella for an appetizer and that was delicious too. Of course that's kind of  a given, since it's pretty hard to make fried mozzarella that's not delicious. The service was very good and I would definitely go back. This place is great for a girls night get together or a first date.What an awesome restaurant with fantastic service.   While I was there I couldn't help thinking that I was in a small restaurant in Italy.  Each plate was better than the last.  The meatball appetizers where off the chart.  The food that comes out of Gnocchi's kitchen can stand up to the best Italian restaurants in NYC.  Quite possibly the best Italian meal since I was in Italy.  We will be back to try the rest of the menuWe were here last night with a large party to celebrate a friend's birthday.  When we got there, the waiter informed us that in order to make it "easier on the kitchen" we were each going to have a fixed price menu. They could have informed us when we made the reservation. Everyone would get a salad, gnocchi (we had no choice in which kind), an entree, tiramisu and coffee.  When the food arrived I was given a chicken even though I ordered veal. I gave the plate to the waitress who handed it to me only to have a rude waiter come back with the chicken and ask me "can you not eat chicken."  On top of that we felt rushed by some of the staff who lingered over us asking if we were done.  And we did not get our coffee. This place greeted us with very poor service.  The only highlight of the night was the gnocchi.Great service, the tiramisu serving with the Wednesday special (linguine with meatballs, side salad, and tiramisu with coffee) was amazing.  Homemade and original presentation with everything.  We will definitely be coming back!Came in for take out only and got offered free bread and water while we waited, and so that we could hear all the specials. Great atmosphere and courteous staff. They even threw in a tiramisu for good measure!I went to Gnocchi last Friday night when my parents were in town.  I used Yelp of course to pick a place and this was on the top of my list.
It's a very nice family owned place and they take pride in their high quality customer service and excellent food.  Everyone was so attentive and the food was delic!
I will definitely go back!Came here on a Tuesday night with the gf. Restaurant was empty, but we were immediately greeted with a warm welcome from the host. The place had a rustic feel to it with romantic Italian music seeing a perfect atmosphere for date night.
The list of specials was long (maybe as long as the formal menu, which is rather short) but every item sounded delicious. Apps were passed on included fresh burrata, beef carpaccio, grilled octopus.
We ended up choosing the seasonal gnocchi (stuffed with ricotta) in a sage cream sauce and veal osobucco. The veal was beyond tender and fell apart as soon my fork touched it and came with a side of gnocchi/sauteed greens. And the gnocchi was like biting into a cloud...
Service was attentive throughout and at the end of our meal, we were treated to a delicious homemade tiramisu. Overall, an impeccable dining experience with exceptional service!I haven't been to an italian restaurant this good in so so long. Gnocchi is a super quaint BYOB that has amazing food. Make sure to get reservations, because the inside is extremely small. 
My roommates and I came here for my birthday and split the four cheese gnocchi, spinach gnocchi, and the lobster ravioli. We also split a caesar salad, which the chef was nice enough to pre-split up into three portions for us. The food was A M A Z I N G. Super good, super filling. My personal favorite was the four cheese gnocchi, which had a red sauce. The next thing I want to try here is the gnocchi with bolognese sauce.
The desserts looked absolutely delicious but we declined because we were so stuffed. However, the restaurant surprised our table with a piece of their tiramisu cake for my birthday, and I'm so glad we got to try it. It was probably the best slice of tiramisu cake I've ever had.
I cannot WAIT to come back and show more people this cute place.hands down the best Italian food I've ever had. Born & raised in philly and for the price and the atmosphere of Gnocchi was amazing. The waiters/waitresses were amazing as well and they know so much about the menu, I am a visual person and so is the rest of my family so they explained it over and over again with a smile on their faces. I live in New York now and I don't get that kind of treatment here but it's good to back home and feel at home when going back to south street. Love this place and the beautiful people!!!!Favorite restaurant in Philly, hands down. Small and quaint, BYOB, friendly wait staff, AND THE BEST GNOCCHI. Not to mention every other food. Especially the meatballs. Amazing, must go!!!I always enjoy coming here. The service can be quarkey (sp), but is always friendly and entertaining.  The food has always been good, they have a mushroom app covered with mozzarella that is out of this world, and don't forget the gnocchi, little pillows of heaven.BEST GNOOCHI IN PHILLY. Went to 5 previous spots in search of the best gnoochi and was endlessly disappointed . Until , this place struck ! Staff is extremely kind and feels like family . Made a reservation on open table for my birthday and was even treated to a special birthday gift. Would I come again ? Absolutely !! Little pricey but for sure worth it .Homemade bread as well !Incredible food and service. Get the lamb and the meatballs. Both are specials. Service is spot on.I'd like to have given Gnocchi 2.5 stars, but had to round down. I heard good things from a few friends so I had higher expectations. 
When we came in on a Sunday night, we were seated right away among only a few other occupied tables. Our waitress was very nice and patient as we asked probably one too many questions about the menu. 
For an appetizer we started with the Frutti Di Mare. It was served on a small side plate and was completely dominated by carrots, instead of seafood. The dish was pretty skimpy and had an odd combination of flavors. In hindsight, I probably would have rated the restaurant a little higher if we hadn't ordered this dish. 
As a main course I ordered the Salmon Al Forno, served with the tomato basil gnocchi and broccoli. I will say that the salmon was great, but unfortunately the gnocchi was cold. I also didn't think the sauce was anything special. My dinner date had the Flounder Francaise, which was so salty that he couldn't even eat it. Needless to say, I ended up sharing my salmon. 
Not sure if we would have enjoyed the meal more if we had ordered one of the specialty gnocchi dishes, but with all the other great Italian BYO's in the city, I don't think I'll be back.Loved loved loved the chefs table!  Great sampling of appetizers and your choice of pasta, main course and dessert.  The owner/chef was amazing.  The ricotta gnocchi, mussels and artichokes were our favorites.  Presentation was great and atmosphere was cozy and romantic.  Great deal!!!You know that thing where you eat 'til it hurts?  Gnocchi is that kind of place!  Every single thing we ordered was impeccable.  The specials were all seasonal, fresh and delicious!  We ate and ate and ate... tomatoes and burrata, gnocchi in mascarpone, mussels in red sauce, beef carpaccio, pasta carbonara, tiramisu.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive and the food was beyond delicious.  It was a little loud, but there were five large parties in a small restaurant on a Friday night, so that's to be expected.  I cannot recommend Gnocchi highly enough, we will be back for sure, and soon.First off, props to Gnocchi for still giving us a table after showing up 15 minutes after our reservation.  We celebrated my sister's birthday here.  The food is delicious, we split the mussels and portobello mushroom appetizers.  The gnocchi is to die for plus the portions are HUGE.  BYOB, fast service, water glasses were always filled, delicious = win.I actually just ordered veal and chicken parm on grubhub and it was delicious.. love to try different Italian restaurants and this one is a stand out. Huge servings and they even sent a small salad, warm bread, gnocchi AND tiramisu! Such a sweet gesture and very good :)! Cannot wait to come try it out at the restaurant!GREAT! Excellent service & food was amazing. BYOB is a huge plus. Decorated so cute for Halloween. All around great place to eat!i was really underwhelmed.  the food was good.  the decor was terrible.  the chairs might have been from my grandfather's elk's club.  the waitresses were both incredibly distracted.  one of them would not stop talking about how she has an accent.  a lot of people have accents. i would skip it unless you want to be surrounded by people who enjoy mediocre food and coors light.CHEF's TABLE $35......Go For It!!
We returned to Gnocchi for a second time, wondering if we would think it as good as our Initial june visit when we had no expectations. This time we brought along another couple who were first time visitors. Missoum greeted and seated us, followed shortly by a visit from Chef Sandro. Missoum advised of multiple specials that night, almost more than the listing on the regular menu. The surprise came when he said that for $35 pp they offered a Chef's Table......for the four of us, that would consist of several appetizers to share, two pastas to share, individually selected entrees including any of the pricier specials, and a couple of desserts to share to finish things off. We decided to go for it and let the food flow. SO glad we did.
We selected the wonderful sautéed Jewish artichokes and creamy smooth burrata cheese with fresh tomatoes as our appetizers....oh, almost forgot a bowl of mussels in red sauce too! Pastas included the wonderfully unique sweet potato gnocchi with creamy ricotta inside, and a dish we had enjoyed in june, pasta with clams and a great oil, garlic sauce. We all ordered specials as our entrees......lamb shank, pork chop with crimini mushrooms, and two of us had grilled pompano whole fish with pesto sauce. Filleted at the table. Lovely deserts followed with tiramisu as a centerpiece. We added some cappucinos for the fun of it.
How did the taste experience compare to our June delightful first visit....wow....no let down at all. Everything fresh, everything beautiful to the eye and to the palate. The magic seems to be with the seasonings.....you experience a taste of several well blended and just in the right amount, there is a heavy presence of garlic in several dishes but that is just fine with me, and with our table mates. There is more magic if Sandro comes out to chat with you as he likes to do. He so loves what he does....you see the passion...you taste the passion. Everything is also very fairly priced. It is cash only, and it is BYOB so do not be in any hurry when you come ...you will want to savor your meal and enjoy each dish and your wine. Come hungry!This place is amazing! I ended up coming here after seeing they had availability last minute on a Friday night. They have a short menu but a very long list of specials. My table started with the burrata app and the meatball app, both of which were delicious. We then had the chicken parm, the lobster ravioli special, and the lamb shank special. Most dishes come with a side of gnocchi and cooked veggies. All of this food was awesome, with a special nod to the lamb shank over risotto. The only downside was that the wait was a bit long, but I barely noticed because I was enjoying myself at the table. I do attribute the long wait to the lamb shank and the way it had to be cooked so I ultimately wasn't bothered. Following dinner, the table ordered the limoncello cake, the creme brûlée cheesecake, and the tiramisu. The tiramisu was, hands down, the best tiramisu I've ever had and also one of the best desserts I've ever had at a restaurant. I'm not even normally a fan of tiramisu. To top it off, the service here is excellent. Our server and the owner were so kind and helpful. 
I'm so happy I've discovered a place that has everything I'm looking for - great food, amazing service, and all at a reasonable (cash only) price.The food was so delicious. First time trying gnocchi it was so delish!!. Glad I made the decision and went to check this place. In addition, the chef made us special seafood salad which was  so tasty. Very friendly stuff, and definitely visiting this place again.We had my brothers rehearsal dinner here. Miso and the staff were exceptional. Not only did they shut down the restaurant completely for our party but there were 10 courses. It was absolutely delicious and I highly recommend this restaurant for any special event. The food was amazingWe came across this restaurant by accident and boy what a great surprise. It was the only restaurant where we could get a last minute reservation for the time we wanted (7:30 pm Friday, calling at 5:30 pm). 
The food, service, and atmosphere were all fantastic. The mussels in red sauce appetizer is a customer favorite and will be yours as well. The gnocchi are all delicious, light and not dense. Many specials and a lot of variety. Everything we had was very good including the Tiramisu. 
Wait staff is very friendly and efficient. So glad this was our only choice. We will make it a destination stop when traveling to Philly from now on. Cash only and BYOB.We had heard amazing things about Gnocchi and it was on our list to try. I am SO glad we saved this for New Years Eve. They had a 4 course pre fixe menu that was amazing. I started with the artichoke appetizer, had the gnocchi for my pasta course and then had chicken marsala as my entree. Dessert was tiramisu that I am still thinking about. It was a perfect meal prepared with love. Gnocchi is a BYOB which was very convenient for our group of 4: red wine, white wine, beer and cider. 
The service was great. The staff works as a team as opposed to assigning one server to our table. We got to chat with all of the staff members throughout the evening. It made the meal more personal and felt like we were with family as opposed to a stuffy meal.
I highly recommend Gnocchi!I have nothing but great things to say about this restaurant's service and food. I made a reservation on Friday night and when we arrived- they told me the table would be ready shortly. When the table didn't get up- every employee was extremely apologetic. 
When we sat down and ordered dinner, the wait was definitely worth it! My boyfriend and I both ordered an appetizer and entree and we were brought an extra appetizer and sides for our entrees to thank us for our patience. That being said- the food was AMAZING! And so appropriately priced! 
I can't wait to come back and enjoy more options here! Definitely adding Gnocchi to my list of favorite byobs!!!I've been there numerous times and always enjoyed the menu items and specials, but for a Philly Italian restaurant, the bread is substandard. We live in a city with some of the best bread bakeries in the country, I don't understand why Gnocchi isn't more selective. I like to order mussels but the best part is the bread dipping, not at Gnocchi!  With good bread and a higher quality of Parmesan/Romano cheese, Gnocchi would be one of the best Italian BYOBs in the city. Maybe it should stand for Bring Your Own Bread!My favorite food is Italian and Philadelphia has a variety of spots to try. This was my first time at Gnocchi and my first time eating the actual dish and it was good as hell. I have to say the service was great also, I'm not sure if the gentleman was the owner or the manager but he was very attentive and kept making sure we enjoyed the food while telling us how it was cooked. He even brought us a free appetizer. I can say it tastes fresh an you could tell you were eating some authentic Italian an BYOB is always good. Very cute intimate small place with great food, Will Def be going back in the future.Gnocchi is by far one of the most wonderful dining experiences in Philadelphia, especially if you enjoy BYOBs. The food is incredibly fresh, delicious and generously portioned. The Beef and Salmon Carpaccio is now something I crave on a regular basis! The specials are always delightful additions to their classic menu. The staff and chef are professional, accommodating, and very kind. When you dine at Gnocchi you are given authentic Italian cuisine and hospitality! If you are looking for a beautiful meal with family and friends or a romantic evening for two, dine at Gnocchi and you will leave happy!I cannot say enough about this restaurant. Great ambiance and even better food! Came here with friends for a holiday dinner and we had an amazing time!!Ok, I've hesitated to write any restaurant reviews ever since Sabastian Maniscalco (my favorite comedian) made me feel like a tattletale for rushing home to write about and critique whatever it was that I just ate!
My dinner at Gnocchi this evening, changed my mind however, and I don't care what others think about people reviewing restaurants - so there!
Bottom line: This place is great. Food is beyond compare, service is excellent, portions are generous, atmosphere/ambiance is welcoming and comfy. 
My friends all ordered gnocchi, and I had the Paccheri with calamari which was phenomenal. Of course, I had to taste their gnocchi. Having lived in South Philly all my life and eaten my fair share of them for um, er, we'll say a lot of years, I have to say I've never had such big and fluffy and delicious gnocchi before. The ricotta/mascarpone were heavenly and the spinach with the cheese sauce were even heavenlier! 
Time and space probably don't allow me to sing the praises of all the appetizers we ordered, but suffice it to say each one was better than the last!
WE'LL BE BACK:)We showed up without reservations, and the host insisted that we had to sit outside in the cold. The inside was empty save for two tables. During the duration of our meal, the inside did not become any busier. As we finished our meal, the host began to hover impatiently to clear our table. Although the food was fine and the actual server conscientious, skip this place unless they get rid of the rude host.Whenever I come visit my family, I also make sure to eat allllll the Italian food I can since it is rare to find good Italian food in Dallas... which is tough since I LOVE gnocchi and pasta so much!
It is rainy outside and my sister is feeling ill so we decided to try a new place that let us get food delivered and also offered gnocchi with blush sauce. Thankfully we stumbled upon this place on Yelp so I could see photos of the off-menu special of ricotta gnocchi with blush sauce! 
It was SO TASTY! I hate to admit that I ate every last bit even though I probably could have split it with someone. Please don't tell my fitness trainer. 
My sister and brother-in-law shared the fusili and gave it a 5 out of 5 stars. The delivery order also came with bread and tiramisu (idk if by accident?). Haven't tried the tiramisu yet because my stomach is SO full... but it looks delicious.
*Shoutout to the person who answered the restaurant phone and quickly helped me figure out an easy solution to ordering an off-menu item from a delivery app. Great customer service!
Can't wait to come back to Philly and have this meal again!Food was delicious. Complimentary bread and butter was very good. I had the Carcifio for an appetizer, and the Chicken Limone for dinner. The Carcifio was very tasty, and a decent size. The Chicken Limone was cooked well, and came with a side of gnocchi that I wasn't expecting, but was a pleasant surprise. Food service can be a bit slow if they're busy, just because they have a small kitchen, but the waitstaff were all very pleasant.Amazing food and very friendly service. The menu looks small but they usually have a ton of specials which all sounded incredible. BYOB and cash only but there's an ATM a very short walk away. Nicely decorated and clean as well. Overall a great experience.We loved this place and will definitely return often! The kitchen had about 10 extra specials in addition to the menu items. Everything we had was delicious and fresh. For appetizers we had mussels, artichoke and cold marinated green beans. For dinner we shared the gnocchi special. we finished our meal with a homemade tiramisu and espresso.
The meatballs were form enough to keep form but was extremely tender and delicious. The sauce it was in was fabulous as well. 
The mussels were good, although slightly over cooked. They had an amazing hot loaf of bread it was served with that was amazing to soak up the broth.
Artichoke and marinated green beets were amazingly fresh. 
Gnocchi was outstanding all around. The pieces were large and perfect density, covered in an amazing flavorful sauce. Portion was huge as well!
Finally the tiramisu was the best we have had in Philly. It was lighter than most I have had here with the perfect ratio of ingredients. Just amazing!So, when I was told I was being taken out for my birthday, I was slightly skeptical.  I am very critical when it comes to Italian cuisine, particularly because ninety-eight percent of "Italian" restaurants serve Americanized dishes, and I prefer the traditional Italian.  Heavy in fish, shellfish, duck, and other meats, garnished and seasoned with vegetables and regional sauces, not just slapped with alfredo or marinara and called Italian.
Well, I was pleasantly surprised!  Not only is the fare here as traditional as you can possibly get, they do throw in some more mainstream dishes for those who are not as partial to traditional tastes.  Everything from their crispy bread to their noodles, and of course the gnocchi, are all made in-house and burst forth with the flavor that comes from loving hands and hard work.
Its a small BYOB place, nestled away next to another fantastic Turkish kabab restaurant on east Passyunk, seating probably no more than 50 people at any given time.  The atmosphere is great, giving you the feel of a down-home enviorment with a matte color and frescos.  The kitchen is right to the rear, and the open cooking environment only adds to the charm of the venue.
From what i've seen on other reviews of Gnocchi, people seem to think that the waitstaff is rude or slow.....not true of my experience at all.  Not only were they all native-born and fluent in Italian, they were more than happy to bring everything requested, even finding some orange juice to add to the champagne we had brought, allowing me to make a functional mimosa!  They shared stories with us, but only after seeing that we were open to interaction, and other than that maintained a level of professionalism that was fantastic.  I don't know if that may change when it is busier here, but my experience was great.
As for the food, well....its out of this world.  I decided to go with two items that were chef's speciats that evening, starting with the Seafood Soup, which was a conglomeration of all things tasty.  In a light but buttery broth sat mountains of shrimp, mussels, squid, and fish.  The light flavor of the shellfish went perfectly with the buttery broth, and the seafood was cooked to perfection, melting in the mouth like a dream.
We then moved onto an appetizer; the Frutti de Mare, which was another amazing surprise.  I wanted a salad, but not just something boring that you could get anywhere.  This was yet another seafood dish....I think I went seafood the whole night.  Mussels, squid, and shrimp again, piled on top of celery, field greens, and mindblowingly thinly cut carrots, with a lemon-sauce drizzle.  Once again cooked to perfection, the wonderful flavor and texture of the shellfish mingled perfectly with the fresh crispyness of the greens.
Following the salad we opened a second bottle of champagne.  After all, it was a birthday.....  My dinner had arrived, just as described, and I watched like an amazed and enratpured child as our waitress took the riverfish(not sure of the exact name, was in Italian) and removed the skin and delicately placed it on a plate with gnocchis in a rose sauce and green beans.  She then proceeded to filet the entire fish and place the large portions of meat onto the skin, creating a delicate, yet deep and succulent looking masterpiece.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and the skin was second to none.  Just crispy enough with just enough seasoning to really make the gnocchi and greens come alive.
All these flavors dancing in my stomach made me feel at ease, especially with the aid of the champagne, and I felt a food coma coming on.  Just when I thought I had enough, it went up another notch.  Somehow, the waitstaff had gotten wind of the fact that it was my birthday.  They didn't make a big deal out of it, singing ridiculous songs, or even bringing attention to me, which I appreciated, but did bring out a beaufiul and silky piece of homemade tiramisu, garnished with homemade pistachio and almond ice creams.  It was amazing, just as a good tiramisu should be, and I was spent....
Overall, I have to give this place the best rating possible because the food, staff, and feel of the restaurant is great.  I would highly recommend Gnocchi to anyone who likes REAL Italian food.  With our whole dinner: two soups, appetizer, and two entrees, our bill didn't even climb past the fifty dollar mark, and that says a lot, especially when the food was this fantastic.  Hell, maybe i'll even see you there next time!loved this place.
my boyfriend is italian and he loved it as well.
if you go monday - thursday, they have a 2 for $25 special that includes a salad, an entree, and dessert for two and coffee.
their tiramisu is out of this world.
im glad i finally decided to dine here.
will definitely be coming back.Yelp.. They are open . yelp is wrong.  Food is outstanding, price point is perfect and the ambiance is fun and vibrant!!Ok.  My girlfriend and I stopped here on a Friday night on a whim.  We were debating between the Turkish Cuisine place which is right next door, and delicious.  But we opted to try Gnocchi.  I have to say, I was sorely disappointed.   Not only was the food your standard, run-of-the-mill-blah Italian, but the service was horrid and the decor left you wanting. 
The food first.  For the appetizer, we ordered a tomato mozzarella salad.  This dish came out so quickly after we ordered, we hadn't even had time to open our wine.  The tomatoes were not ripe, and merely placed over a slather of olive oil.   They gave us a thing of vinegar to pour over it, which would have been fine, if it hadn't come like five minutes after the rest of the dish.  For dinner, I ordered meat sauce fettuchini.  I sauce was overly watery and the meat added nothing.  The one good thing I can say about it, is you could tell the pasta was homemade by the texture.  My girlfriend ordered the fettuchini pescera.  I have to say that this dish was fairly decent.  It came with a good amount of seafood, the sauce was nice and spicy, and the noodles- once again- were homemade.  I have had better versions, but if I had to go back I would order that.   That is to say, neither of us order the specialty Gnocchi dishes, but with Monsu right around the corner, that is where I will be heading for some great Italian food in South Philly.  
The decor of the place is....interesting.  We came in on a Friday, and the place was packed, and LOUD.  The noise could mostly be attributed to the large group that took up 25% of the tables, however there is no paneling or anything that might soften the echos.  The tables are dark granite counter-top, with a metal bottom.  There are no table clothes on them.  And, it left me wondering, why would the owner spend the money on granite counter-top tables and not on matching seats, because the chairs here could have been bought at Ikea (not to knock Ikea).   Furthermore, the tables were so high and the chairs so low, that I felt as if I had to reach up to eat my food.  I can only imagine how my shorter girlfriend felt.  My advice to Gnocchi is to get some paneling in and to get either new tables or new chairs.
Now for the service, and the real reason why I gave Gnocchi a 2 rather than a 3.  Our waitress was negligent.  We had to ask for her to open the wine, and then she took the cork, which is a huge pet peeve of mine- what happens if we don't finish the bottle?  After we ordered, we immediately got our tomato mozzarella salad, but then had to wait a long time for our main dishes to come out.  After we finished our dishes, I am pretty sure our server forgot about us, because we had an even longer wait for the check.  One thing I do have to note is that the "water boy" (for lack of  better term) kept a glass of wine by the cash register, and at every chance he got, would chug the wine and refill it.  Now, I am all for a glass of wine when you can, but at work and in front of the diners was a tad unprofessional in my opinion.
Overall, I will not go back.  There is so many great BYOB's that Philadelphia has to offer within that same price range.  Skip Gnocchi and try something else.Passed this place once or twice, but never thought to eat here. Some of the best Italian food I've ever had, great price, and our server Rita was awesome. Definitely will be back. A must try.Gnocchi is a great option in Philadelphia if you want slightly sub-gormet Italian food at a great price. However be prepared for a side order of nasty attitude. I went in for an early dinner on Saturday evening and got a table before it had begun to fill up. My waitress was a blonde European woman with the foulest attitude I've experienced in awhile. As someone who frequently eats alone I have learned to spot what I call the "Oh crap a one-seater table and I won't get a good tip" reaction from a waitress. Basically it boils down to this: servers don't want to wait on a table of one because they think it isn't worth their while as the tip will be smaller. It's often a self fulfilling prophecy, because they end up being rude or inattentive to that one person table, which results in a low tip.
In this instant I had been having a great day of pampering and shopping and I just wasn't going to deal with it. I literally confronted the waitress and asked if she was irritated or somehow upset about something. Keep in mind this was before I had even ordered. She gave me some cock-and-bull story about how she was having pain in her leg, forced a half-smile, and took my order. Then, mysteriously, for the rest of the night my table was handled by someone else - a man who was much more pleasant and who received a 35% tip because of it.
Gnocchi is one of those relatively small hole-in-the-wall style restaurants that Philly is known for, with a pleasant and modern candlelit bistro feeling that, unlike so many others, actually manages to capture the Euro-bistro feeling it is going for.
For my meal I ordered a small salad, a bruscetta style appetizer and the tomato and basil gnocchi with chicken. I apologize for not remembering the name of anything I ordered. I'm not Italian. The salad was baby greens with goat cheese and a white balsalmic dressing. I added chicken to this for $1 extra. It was a crisp salad, not at all wilty and very enjoyable. The appetizer, tomato slices with fresh mozarella, was a little bit bland ( the mozz could have stood a salt soaking,) but the request of a side of vinegar brought out the flavor.
The entre was delish: the potato gnocchi was moist and dissolvey without being a mouthful of mush. The sauce was thick but not chunky, and generously portioned. I also added chicken to this entre for only $2 extra. In both instances the strips of grilled chicken were perfectly prepared.
My two complaints about the food: first, the portions are quite small. For the average person dining in America who expects heaping food servings, this will feel unsatisfying. Also, they literally provide no beverage options except water. You are offered a choice of Pelligrino, bottled still or tap. I initially asked for tap with the intention of ordering juice or soda, but was told this wasn't an option and I wound up with the Pelligrino. That always irritates me because you end up with the twenty trillion gallon bottle that no human could finish.
An unrelated but enjoyable sidebar: after several minutes a man was seated at the table next to me. Apparently a tourist he stood out like a sore thumb (and this from me, a guy with a mohawk who was carrying about five shopping bags at the time.) The first words out of his mouth to the waitress were "I'm here from Boston, is the food here good?" I wish she had dug deep down into her inner bitchiness and said "No, it's terrible. I actually work here because I'm a sadist." Anyway, once he realized they didn't accept credit cards, he left to allegedly go to the bank across the street to get some cash, and the waitress literally bored holes through the window watching him to see if he was telling the truth. (He wasn't, and he never came back.)The staff are friendly and attentive. We really enjoyed our evening. This place is a BYOB, so don't forget your wine of choice when heading out for the evening. For dinner we had octopus which was cooked to perfection. One of the best octopus we've had and my fiance and I eat octopus everywhere. For dinner we had a homemade gnocchi and a perfectly braised veal shank on the bone served with a house pasta! Both meals were specials for the evening and both were delicious!! We plan to go back soon!! Our waitress even served us dessert (a delicious Tiramisu) on the house!!Sometimes a place deserves the extra half star, but what can you do? I've decided to round down in this instance, even though I had such an enjoyable evening and the staff was so friendly and attentive. 
Came for dinner the other night during the So-So restaurant week as a launching point for my elite fright fest night of craziness. We chose Gnocchi specifically because they offered a $30 three course meal and are a BYO. Of course, once we got there, we forgot and ordered in the normal style, but at least we remembered the vino. 
I started with the S.O.D. which was a chicken soup with some veg and fresh noodles in a clear broth. Noodles were so vibrantly green that I almost didn't eat them for the belief that they were the leaves of a romaine heart; that would have been especially dumb as they were the best part (pitfall of the BYO, I drink wine faster due to no worries over the cost). My date opted for the Frittura Di Ercole (or fried calamari and such) because she loves it everywhere else, and that carried right over with Gnocchi's version. 
Moved on to the entrees with my order of the veal chop from the specials and my lady's Agnello Arrostirsi from the menu, or oven roasted lamb with red wine and rosemary. Both meals came with gnocchi, which believe it or not was a new experience for me, but only I enjoyed them (her last name ends with and has a lot of vowels within, so sometimes she gets snooty with her cucina di Italia). So glad she got the lamb because I have been disliking it of late, and Gnocchi killed it. That meat seriously melted in your mouth and totally blew my veal out of the water. Cooked perfectly, and dripping with flavor, I was extremely happy when it became apparent I would be taking on the untouched 2nd piece of lamb from my baby's plate. My veal was okay, though not fantastic (as well as a little overcooked), but I wasn't disappointed. 
Finished up with a deliciously airy piece of tiramisu, another first for me, and another laugh filled conversation with one of the lovely waitresses. This seems as good as any time for me to point out that the servers here all seemed to have an Italian accent. I know it is silly, but I feel my meal was more authentic, and therefore better, because of this. Good start to a great night, thanks GnocchiThis place was amazing! We loved the homie feel from the minute we stepped inside. The food spoke volumes. We started with burrata with tomato and prosciutto along with huge bowl of delicious mussels. I got the special which was mascarpone ricotta gnocci and my husband got the veal parm! Our waitress was so sweet and told us the story behind gnocci.
It's been open on and off for last 30 years. The place feels like you're in Italy , such warmth from the food and people inside. I can't wait to take back all our friends and family!If you want to eat good italian food, this is not the place.  Their gnocchi was not so good, overcooked, and the sauce was not so special.  Being near the italian market and great italian restaurants, I would not go back.Bland and disappointing. 
Salad consisted of spinach leaves indifferent to their vinagrette.
The linguine with shrimp, crab meat and "an interesting, spicy sauce" was tough, watery, plentiful and plenty uninteresting. 
The romantic atmosphere and spirited waitress, while immensely appreciated, did not cure the food.
I lost the will for dessert.
There are many places you want to give another try, even if they initially disappoint. I want to say I'd come back here, as again, the atmosphere is lovely. But sometimes you just know when the food won't recover. This is one of those places, and one of those times.We came here on a Sunday with a party of 6 with a reservation at 5 pm. When we got there, the place was empty except for a party of 2 occupied. Our table wasn't set and they weren't aware that we had a reservation.  For apps, we ordered  Caprese Pomodoro, Antipasto Vegetali and Frittura di Ercole. It was really good. For our entrees, we had ordered the Gnocchi Del Giorno, Cannelloni special, Fettucine Spinaci, Eggplant Special, Gnocchi del Giorno. Don't remember the 6th entree. Most of the entrees were good but the Fettucine Spinaci's red wine wasn't burned off.
For dessert, we all shared a tiramisu and the honey gelato and coffee. It was all pretty good. Service was friendly but slow. We had ordered the coffee but we thought they forgot about it. But, it turned out they were brewing it. Will definitely return!I've come here with a large group of girlfriends before and its decent! The actual gnocchi's are HUGE. Service is okay, we had some dirty wine glasses last time I was here but they cleaned them for us no problem. I would come back, the food is fresh!What a cool little restaurant. 
I made reservations for my daughter's 26th birthday.
Our table was upgraded to larger one which was nice.  There were 6 of us.
Informed of specials and we ordered the string beans & a cheese dish.
We had warm bread also.
Our server was polite & friendly.
Our entrees were awesome!
Fresh gnocchi was the best.
This is a BYOB establishment. 
Great place, would return.First of all, their service was outstanding. Not at our table, but I saw the waiter go across the street to get a ginger ale for another table since they didn't have it here. Second, their mussels are fantastic. I got their seared ahi special which was good and my fb got their gnocchi in blush sauce special which was amazingly light. Overall, it's a great place.Absolutely wonderful!  From appetizers to dessert,..and the staff was so friendly. Portabello mushroom appetizer and homemade burrato, prosciutto and best summer tomatoes was a start of more good things to come. Flounder Francaise light and lemony and delicious lamb shank with creamy risotto and gnocchis for the table. Dessert of light and delicious tiramisu and mini cannolis with a chocolate dipped shell topped off a wonderful meal! We will definitely be back!My friend and I had a concert at the TLA and decided to go to dinner nearby.  My friend suggested Gnocchi since it was BYO, but it was the first time there for both of us. I'm so glad she made the suggestion. Not only was our meal fabulous, but the entire experience was out of this world!  
Since it was a last minute decision, we picked up white wine from the liquor store, so it wasn't cold.  Our server, Ashley, made sure to chill our wine in their freezer for us which was very nice touch.
Now onto the food and the menu. Ashley was quite the saleswoman and every dish she described in full detail sounded so appetizing.  She suggested the chef's tasting menu which provided samples of everything (at $50), but we passed since we did have a concert to go to.  I'm dying to come back and try it though, on a night when I can go home to my couch and die in a food coma.  We decided to split a octopus appetizer and we both ordered the white fish - I think it was Flordia pompano.  The bread, which is baked in house, came out with our chilled wine and the dining experience began! The octopus appetizer was so tender and I used my bread to dab up all the sauce.  Our fish entrees came with sauteed zucchini and a sampling of their airy gnocchi.  I can't think of anything bad to say about our meal! Just thinking about it a day later makes me salivate!
After we passed on dessert (as tempting as it was), we still enjoyed a nice little cap of espresso to keep us energized for the concert.  To our surprise, one of the owners brought over a complimentary Tiramisu to try - such an unexpected way to go above and beyond. Ashley raved about the Tiramisu and she was not exaggerating.  As full as my friend and I were, we were still able to dig in. Words cannot describe how light and airy it was! To top off our dessert, an opera singer came out to serenade the dining room! She had an incredible voice and all the patrons really seemed to enjoy it. Like I said, dining here was an experience and you truly feel at home!
Go, bring wine, wear spandex, get the tasting menu, and enjoy! The service is so intimate and friendly, I can't wait to come back!  Talk about exceeding expectations!
Just note: cash only!Good italian spot with lots of specials. Nothing too amazing, but good food overall. It was pretty loud and hectic in there (one waitress actually broke glasses on three different occasions), not the best ambiance, but overall I would come here again for a heap of well priced 4 star gnocchi.Pro: 
- Insanely delicious gnocchi. possibly the best I've ever had.
- Great job complementing the flavors within each dish
- byo
- $50 pp tasting menu
- Servers are cheerful and you feel like they genuinely want you to enjoy your meal
Cons:
- Extremely loud. This wasn't a problem for our party, but if you're going with people who can't tolerate that or you want to have a serious conversation, it's going to be problematic for you.
- They don't advertise the tasting menu, you only find out about it in yelp reviews.
- This is the first and only time I have ever complained about this, and the only reason why I am really taking a star away, but the tasting menu is just too much food. We were a table of four. We ended up with 6 apps (many of which we got two plates of), a pasta dish for the table that was split into individual portions (yet the size of a pasta dish), our own (full-size) entrée, and two dessert (each). Unfortunately, 3/4 of us needed to have all but one to two bites of our entrées packed up to go home, because we were so full from the food leading up to it. While this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it kind of tainted the experience for us. By the time you got the pasta, you can't even fully appreciate the perfect pillowy goodness of the gnocchi because you are so full and there's really no chance that you'll actually be able to enjoy the entrée while you're there. 
So yes, we did get a nice leftover bag. But at the same time, we left with our stomachs in pain from eating a gluttonous amount of food. While my chicken parmesan was delicious the next day, I'm sure it would've been even better that night.
If this place had less appetizers as part of the tasting menu, it would be a five-star spot. Have the table pick 3 apps, bump it down to $40-45pp, throw it on the menu, and this spot would be 5-star.Though my first time at this Italian restaurant it's already one of my favorites. Food was great, our waiter was so helpful and ambiance was nice.Came here to celebrate a birthday. It's byob and we had delicious meals. We got the burrata and artichokes to start. They were both wonderful but I especially loved the artichokes. 
For dinner we got gnocchi, lamb, chicken, ravioli and tuna. Everyone loved their meal! I had the spinach gnocchi and the serving size was huge. 
To end the meal we shared desserts. The lemon cake and tiramisu were amazing! I would definitely come back!I can not say enough wonderful things about Gnocchi!!! My now husband and I decided to have our wedding dinner here based on my brother in law's recommendations and it was perfect in every way for an intimate dinner with our family. 
The staff was very kind and welcoming including working with some dietary restrictions and contributed to a very memorable and enjoyable evening.
The food itself was absolutely delicious. 
I highly recommend the prefix menu so you get to tour the menu.
We will be back! We look forward to sharing many anniversaries here!!I have been to this restaurant twice before and usually love the food and experience . Tonight I went and had the worst service. Had a 630 reservation and did not get my entree until 845. Even after the two hour wait the meal was undercooked and not the typical standard. Also, the waitress talked back to members of our table and the entire atmosphere was chaotic and loud. Unfortunately, I will not be coming back here.This is my new favourite Italian in Philly! Service was absolutely amazing and the pasta was to die for! Everything that we ordered was flawless, we even got complimentary tiramisu for dessert! Definitely will be coming back here again!