I love their fries!! Been here twice and the falafel pita was better on first time. Second time it was a bit wet and cold, maybe too much sauce or something? However the taste was still good! Would go again and definitely recommend.Everything is vegan and everything is awesome. Solomonov is a genius and I am so happy this place is in Philly! We will be frequenting often. Keep the vegan options coming please!Great falafel and awesome tahini shake! I've had the Turkish coffee and the original flavor and I loved both. Definitely give this place a try!Good falafel, but honestly not as amazing as one would expect given the hype. They serve a quality and consistent product but the flavor is by no means on another level. The fries are mediocre. The sauces are pretty good and the shakes are just pretty good as well. Gave them 5 stars cause they're still doing a good job on everything and the place is clean.This place is pretty dope. We tried the falafel sandwich, shawarma spice fries, and Tehani shake - all amazing! The staff was super helpful too. Best in Philly!Great fast food and super cheap! Best falafel I've had so far. The fries are amazing and don't forget the Tahini shake. Mint chocolate chip is my favorite!AMAZING!!!!! Best falafel I've had in Philly! Great service as well! The food comes out super fast as wellA little taste of Israel on Sansom.. well there are a few tastes of Israel on Sansom but it's always welcome :) the coconut shake was by far the best flavor of all my friends and I have tried. The falafel is pretty great too. I do wish there was more seating, although I get that its meant to be a small, in and out place for lunch. But back to the coconut shake... I day dream about it. Let's just leave it at that.The falafel is amazing.. I got a salad which was amazing and light but really regretted not getting the sandwich because looked sooo tasty. But gotta day definitely get a Tehina shake while you're here!! UnrealI think this was the worst meal I have ever had in philly. We got there at 6:00, no fries. The falafel was so cold, mushy and tasteless. Something on my sandwich was so salty that my eyes teared up, I told the guy behind the counter and he just stared at me with a dumb look on his face and said nothing. Just came home from a trip to Tel Aviv, even the rest stops have better falafel than this place. Never against, garbage meal.LOVED the falafel. My falafel sandwich had a great balance of falafel and toppings. I feel like some places give you a couple of falafel balls and then by the time you're mostly finished with the sandwich, you're left with only toppings/fixings at the bottom. I tried the mildest tahini sauce, which ended up tasting divine. I'm sure I'll be back here soon. I gotta try a tahini shake!I'm usually more satisfied with a meal when it has some meat in it but not so with falafel from Goldie! The pita I got had abundant falafel and a wonderfully spicy but not overwhelming harissa sauce. Super filling and super tasty. 
The tehineh shake is also fantastic, and I heard it's dairy free which is crazy considering how decadent it is! 
Fair prices and a great cheap lunch option.Being omnivorous, I love vegetarian meals just as I do livestock and aquatic living sources of food so yesterday I visited Goldie, a vegetarian restaurant and eatery for the first time and I was thoroughly impressed.  The weather was fantastic, Center City was bustling with the Penn Relay crowd, the Fitness Expo crowd, Rittenhouse and many other events going on so places to eat were PACKED. 
 Good to know that I have another location to get healthy food, pleasant service and an interesting atmosphere to enjoy the food life. 
 Goldie is the old Yoka Tori Boy that was here a year or so ago. It was funny to me in realizing that I was sitting in the very area eating sushi that I now was eating a falafel, lol.
 I ordered a falafel, the Tahina banana shake topped with crushed crackers ( the best one one I've had in awhile) and their fries which were also very good with a side of what tasted like homemade ketchup. The decor and atmosphere was warm, natural and exotic with a tropical feel.The price of the selections matches well with the taste of the food.
 If you want to have an alternative source of protein to eat in place of aquatic and livestock meals I recommend this place.Falafel was really good! Not greasy and very flavorful. Would highly recommend giving this place a try!!!I'm a huge Michael Solomonov fan- my girlfriend and I eat at dizengoff weekly and it would probably be daily if we lived closer. That being said, we were super excited to try goldie. Goldie surpassed our expectations! All the sauces are delicious, and we absolutely love the sides of green tomatoes and pickled celery available on the tables. Delicious, moist falafel with amazing filling and excellent pita that doesn't rip or get soggy. Amazing milkshakes (we got the turkish coffee one) that tasted like peanut butter and graham cracker. Fries are also excellent. Our stomaches may not have thanked us for all the fried food- but our taste buds sure did! Very reasonably priced, and although very small inside we had no issue getting a table. Well worth the visit.Really good thing shake. The woman who is in charge of packing and reading the order is nor quite fast.  Mama's vegetarian is much faster and has equally good falafel.I had higher hopes for this place...I was expecting shatteringly crisp falafel that were fluffy on the inside. I was intrigued when I saw them pressing the falafel "dough" into the machine that extrudes the balls into the fryer. It looked truly like a dough that could be molded, falafel I have made is almost crumbly and just barely holds together. This one had the texture of play-doh. I was optimistic though, based on all the good reviews, and from the guy who clearly knows his Middle-Eastern food, that the balls would come out crisp and fluffy on the inside. I wasn't exactly correct. The falafel had good flavor, but the texture was pasty-to-doughy  on the inside, and not really crisp on the outside. I think you can appreciate it if you look at some other reviewers' up close pics. I wouldn't say it was bad, just different and heavier than the falafel I'm used to. Maybe it's just a different style that I'm not familiar with. That being said, the portion was generous, the sandwich fillings were fresh and tasty, and the sauces were good. The pita, of course, was as delicious as at Dizengoff. I also had a banana tehina shake and tasted my friend's coconut shake. The coconut was the winner. The banana added a considerable amount of sweetness, and really masked the underlying tehina flavor. The coconut provided a better balance. Next time I'd get the plain tehina shake. Overall, I would give Goldie one more chance. Maybe it was an off-day for the falafel? Or maybe this style of falafel just isn't my preference.Went specifically for the tehina shake as recommended by PhillyMag's Jason Sheehan. OMG. Who knew?  Had the coconut shake and it was creamy and smooth and well flavored - not strong flavor. Super silly texture that is hard to stop drinking. So unique and delicious - we told 3 other people we ran into about the shakes and will continue to do so!  Looking forward to coming back for the falafel and fries too!Their falafel sandwich with the harissa sauce was really good. The seating can be tough if you go during busy hours.I had the Falafel and Turkish coffee shake. My friends got the fries and the mint shake, so I was able to try that too. Everything was fantastic! I will definitely be back.So so so delicious. 
I ordered the salad, which was very flavorful - it even included fresh golden beets and the falafel is some of the best I've had! 
The coconut shake was to-die for! No weird fake coconut flavor. 
I will definitely be returning the next time I'm in Philly.The flavor of the falafel was fantastic, although I'd much prefer a crunchier outside and for the pita itself to be warmed.Prior to arriving I had no idea the restaurant was totally vegan which was exciting to discover since I'm lactose intolerant! My boyfriend and I ordered a falafel sandwich each with a side of shwarma fries and both things were amazing. The falafel was super fresh and the seasoning on the fries was so great that we had to get another order to go! Matt got a banana tahini shake and loved it. Would definitely go back again!I've been here a few times. The falafel sandwiches are good, but I personally like Mama's a few blocks down better because their falafel is crispier and there is a greater variety of pickled toppings to add flavor to the sandwich. Still, it's a great option in the neighborhood for vegetarians. Also, the pita bread used in Goldie's falafel sandwiches is soft and fluffy, seemingly made freshly on-site. 
If you've never had their tehina shakes, I would definitely recommend a special trip there specifically for those. I have done this many times, because they are delicious! I've tried their original, coconut, and coffee-flavored ones and they are all amazing! Also, the fries look delicious. The growing layer of cushioning on my back and thighs has been suggesting that I stay away from those for the time being, which is why I haven't tried them yet, but you can bet I will at some point!
Service has been good in my experience and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes, even during busy lunch hours. I think the pricing is reasonable for the location. Overall, glad M. Solomonov has added another food option near my office!Great for a quick lunch/ grab and go/ I got the wrap and it was very light and refreshing. If you work on market street, just walk here (probably about 10 min walking). The service is nice and fast too!Hands down the best falafel I have ever had!  Crispy and tender at the same time! The sauces are flavorful - I recommend the harissa.  The tahina shakes are pretty good, but not for everyone.  I was the only one in my group who enjoyed them.  The banana and the turkish coffee are my favorites! Very rich and creamy. You need to go here!Great sandwiches. Get the shawarma spiced fries and a mint chocolate chip milkshake to round it out. A popular lunch location, so waits can be long. Staff are very friendly and will get you out as quick as possible. The harissa or schug are both great choicesThis is my favorite falafel place in Philadelphia. The team is definitely serving quality products regardless of what you order. The staff is consistently helpful if it's your first time visiting in explaining the three types of sauces for the falafel sandwich. The tahina shakes are my absolute favorite though; I still miss the chocolate shakes they had when they initially opened!I cannot say enough great things.  The sandwich was loaded with falafels and sauce and the classic fresh veggies (onion, cucumber, tomatoes and lots of sayce)  All of the solomonov restaurants are spot on.  You can taste the love and time put in.    The employees all seem to really take pride in working there.  Best falafel available! I've been to Israel and this brought me right back... Thanks!!!I tried Goldie today for the first time and this place is def a hidden fast food gem! I tried their original falafel and Tehina shake and I absolutely loved it. I sure will be frequenting this place. I have been looking for good falafel places and def like Goldie over Mama's Vegeterian. The food is worth the $ and so fresh!I love Goldie - the falafel is light, the pita is fluffy, the shakes are delicious.My husband and I finally made it! After Christmas village shopping we had a craving and finally made it here. We almost wandered into a random pita shop but I was like noooooo!!! We have to make it to Goldie!!! 
We are so happy we did. 
We ordered two falafels, my husband had the mango sauce and I had the super spicy one. We also shared French fries with Schwarma spice. And I got a tehini Turkish coffee delight shake. OMG the flavors are just amazing and the shake really helped to take the the heat out of the sauce. I also enjoyed the pickled cabbage and peppers on the table for extra crunch. 
My husband said they were the lightest fluffiest small balls he's ever had. 
I mean I advocate hard now for the falafel robot! No more getting way too large falafel balls that aren't fried all the way through. Or misshapen balls that are too hard. And sauce just splattered over to cover it up. 
I mean these balls were the highlight but as was all the delicious fresh pickled goodness and right amount of sauce. Plus the pita itself was Devine. Good job guys.So I'm in loveeeeeeeeeeeeee....... with this place. The service was on point, everyone was really friendly. The customers were really friendly, what I found to be hilarious was that everyone is watching to see what you get. I had the falafel with extra harrissa sauce, shawarma seasoned fries and the coconut tehini shake. Listen this shake was amazing sweet but amazing when you hear tehini your brain doesn't think sweet more so salty. I noticed everyone was ordering the Turkish coffee shake. I must try it when I go back lol this goes on my best damn vegan spot listExcellent the best falafel I ever eat and the best!!!  you have to try the tahini shake they are amazing tasty good.....Awesome cheap lunch! The falafel sandwich with harissa was HUGE! Definitely worth the $7. Perfectly layered vegetables and falafel, and loaded up with tehina. The schwarma fries were perfectly seasoned, with not too much spice. I also ordered the Turkish coffee milkshake. Not too sweet and a nice consistency, but it's rich so make sure you brought someone to share it with! 
I went at about 1pm and the line was out the door. It moved quickly, but designate at least a 15-20 minute wait for your lunch break. Worth the wait in my opinion!We just got the tahina milkshakes on our first visit and they are to die for. Actually the best shake I've ever had and this one is vegan! They're super affordable at $4 and have a bunch of flavors to try. I actually can't stop talking about these shakes to anyone who will listen. Can't wait for the next visit!Love the falafel, simple menu and Tahini shakes are great. However, stick to this location the one at the Whole Foods on callowhill is not the same. They don't seem to get the volume over there, so the food is not as good. The salads are bit wilted and the pita is not as fresh. However, at this location I will go back again, again and again.Softest falafels I've ever had. The price was very reasonable for the number of falafels in there. The spicy sauce was amazing.The falafel held more falafel balls than most places. It was delicious. I chose the schug sauce and it was a bit too spicy for me. But I had an original tahini shake to cool my palate down.  Liquid halvah in a cup. Amazingly good. Seating is limited.This review is for the new whole foods location.
Pleased that this is now at whole foods as I have wanted to go for lunch but I hear about the long lines and it is already so far away from my office...there was a shorter line at whole foods but it did not move quickly. The people at the counter were lovely and it was fun to be able to watch them prepare the food while we waited.
I ordered the Falafel sandwich with the Amba sauce. Most of my coworkers also ordered the same thing but some with different sauces. 
While the sandwich was delicious it was incredibly salty. I was shocked at first bite, my tastebuds adjusted and I could finish the rest of it. Other than the extra salt factor the sandwich fell apart about a quarter of the way through. 
I'll definitely go back but I need to make sure my salt intake for the rest of the week is zero.Supremely into this place. I like falafel but I'm not usually in the mood for falafel. I will always give this a go if suggested or in the neighborhood. A little on the salty side, but I appreciate seasoning. I prefer this to mamas, because it's more seasoned. Mamas is great for a quick cheap lunch, this is really good for a cute different kind of date. Make sure you give the shakes a try too. They are phenomenal, and dairy free!! I was worried about the tehina, but it just lends a light nutty taste. Hoping to see plain chocolate, or banana chocolate shake on the menu soon (fingers crossed).Goldie is a simple, fast casual restaurant which has become an area favorite.  It's simple meals and gluten-free/vegan options bring in a young crowd who are looking for a quick bite.  The staff is always friendly, and courteous.  If you stop by be sure to try the coveted tahini milkshake!Milkshakes are amazing! Not overwhelming sweet - they have a nutty taste.I actually made a mistake. I didn't get any of their food. Because dat milkshake was bommmmmmbbbb! These guys have tahini milkshakes which a friend of mine recommended. I obliged, and tried the Turkish coffee flavor. I mean I've never heard of tahini being used in a milk shake so I absolutely had to try it, and boy, it was good. I did go during prime time around 12-1 ish so it was very busy, but I think I'll be going back to try some of their snacks for sure  - stay tuned!I wasn't super into the idea of a tehina shake but it was so so good! The falafel sandwich is pretty great, maybe a tiny bit too salty but the balls are fluffy and fresh tasting. Good service and nice that it's vegan too!I love all things Solomonov. Its really cool how he is now creating restaurants to focus on specific aspects of middle eastern cuisine. Goldie does 3 major things: 
1) Falafel: A bit too mushy for my taste (lacks that crunch) but packed with flavor
2)Pitta/tehina/toppings: Same pitta as at Dizengoff - not as fresh but still great and able to hold up to the toppings. I would want to try their salad next time
3) Fries/shakes: This is the highlight. The reviews are true the tehina shakes are all super filling and tasty. The fries are perfectly crispy. 
There is limited space and long lines but they make it go quickly. 
Enjoy!Full disclosure, I am a fan of all of their restaurants (Zahav, Dizingoff, Federal Doughnuts, Rooster Soup Company)... when I heard they opened a falafel shop I did not think it would possibly be as good as I would have expected... it was better.
The falafel sandwich was incredible...  they gave us a sample of the vegan milkshake (almond milk and tahina)  and it was even better... cant wait to go back and order one...One of the best falafel sandwich ever had. Long queue during lunch hours but the wait for worth it. Definelty will be my go to spot for a quick lunch.I'm only leaving a Yelp review because they're closed at the moment and I just want to be close to them. Thinking about that lunch I had the other day, it was so good. The Coffee Tehina Shake, the Shwarma fries, and the Amba Falafel Sandwich always make me imagine that I've died and gone to falafel heaven.Probably my fav Mediterranean fast food place. Falafel and salads are amazing. Quite affordableWent during lunch on a weekday. I got food to go, which was fortunate because the place was packed. Ordered the falafel sandwich with the spiciest sauce. Food came out within a few minutes, which was impressive given the volume of business. Falafel was decent -- not overly dry like a lot of places -- but still a far cry from the moist delicious balls at Mama's restaurant. Also I could barely detect any heat from the sauce! (I have a decent tolerance for spicy food, but I can't imagine anyone would  find this spicy unless they had a very bland palate.) I may go back to try their tehini shakes, but not for the falafel.Outstanding falafel. Reminds me of the falafel in the Middle East. The tahini shake is very tasty but you can not have it as a side. It would be a meal replacement.Michael Somolov doesn't disappoint! From the chef that brings us Zahav, Goldie has a bit of a reputation to protect, and it definitely rises to the occasion. 
I had heard about Goldie a while back and had the spot bookmarked to definitely try. I was finally able to get to see what all the fuss was about (better late than never right? haha.) 
Goldie is located just on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square, so parking is going to be a bit tough. I had to park about 10 minutes away, but that's probably par for course for anything located in this area. Many of the Yelp reviews mentioned that Saturday lunch/brunch hour is packed, and I naively planned exactly for that timing. Fortunately, there wasn't too much of a crowd when I walked up (woot woot!)
The menu is simple, but the quality is there. Basically the menu has falafel (yes), vegan "milk"shake (double yes), and fries (triple yes) - honestly just order the whole menu! I ordered the Turkish Coffee milkshake, made vegan with almond milk, along with the fries seasoned with shwarma. What a delight! The shake was nutty, and had hints of mocha, perfectly supporting the coffee flavor. The fries were crisp, and seasoned perfectly - spicy but not too much that the familiarity of potatoes is removed. It's that perfect combination of fries and a shake, elevated and twisted all in the right direction.
The space is small (especially given how popular it is), and it is longer than it is wide. Definitely a place to take your food to go. If that is not your plan, there is seating - maxing out at probably 20 people (including the bar area by the window.)  
I'll definitely want to come back for a falafel and make this my go to spot for many a lunch hour. Keep doing you Goldie - a new standard has arrived!Ok. So my family and I started a food tour with Goldie. And Y.U.M. This spot is a winner. We ordered 2 falafel pitas. 1 with the mango sauce and the other with the spicy sauce. We also got plain fried for our 9yr old who is a picky eater. She tried the falafel and enjoyed it. We had the sour cherry iced tea which had fresh mint in it. Good! When management found out we were doing a food tour they sent over complimentary specialth milkshakes (coconut, Turkish coffee, mint choc chip) which were out of this world delish. Also the shwarma fries that my 16yr loved. It gets crowded but this spot is worth a try and should go on your must eat at list. Kudos.This one of my favorite places thus far! The falafel is grade A and the staff is A+. I always have a wonderful experience here!I rarely give out five stars.  Much less for falafel which I barely like.  This was all around fantastic, especially the price.  The falafel sandwich seemed like it had a dozen balls (6 in actuality). Great balance in all the elements. I got the haressa one.  Best fries anywhere. Know that last crunchy fry you always fight over?  They're all like that.  The tahini shake was also good, especially the homemade halvah that toss the Turkish coffee one.  Excellenthmmm 3.5 probably?
Prepare for quite a long line and a long wait.
The falafel sandwiches are good, pretty average actually. I expected to have my mind blown with the long wait. You can choose from three sauces, which is a nice option.
The fries are awesome! Every single fry is perfectly crispy. Amazing.
And...the shakes! Don't even get me started. How is this vegan?! The shakes are life changing. We had the coconut and the chocolate. WOW. 
GET THE FRIES AND GET THE SHAKE!
Very casual place with little seating, but nice condiments on the tables.
I will return and wait for those fries and shakes.I am not kidding when I say that this was the BEST falafel and pita salad I have ever had. I'm not a vegan, but I am a falafel aficionado, so I visited the spot for lunch one Friday with a friend of mine who actually is vegan.  We were so impressed with the quality of falafel given the low price. The site itself is small, so it may be a bit of a wait for a table around lunch time but definitely possible to get a seat at a table for groups of 2-4.  Such a cool and trendy spot also, it had me going back to work after my lunch hour feeling like I could get through the day. 
If you go to Goldie and don't get yourself a Tehini milkshake you did it wrong.Grab their shakes!! Out of the world. It was little sweet but unique!! I'll be back just for their shake!Get the coffee tahini shake. The coffee  and the sweet sesame flavor is to die for, it's creamy and delicious. It's topped with cookies that soak up the shake as you drink it, leaving a soft gooey treat to eat, ready to be spooned out by the time you're done with the shake.As Dizengoff is one of my favorite lunch spots, I was excited to try Solomonov's latest. The staff gave excellent recommendations and provided an abundance of falafel and sauce. I cannot wait to go back and try the fries and shakes!I have been to Goldie several times since its opening - there is no doubt the falafel and shakes are fantastic but only if you can suffer the silly slow service.  I used to think that the slowness of service was because they were so overrun with demand, but now I know better:  Don't believe the hype -- that whole line-out-the-door-must-mean-the-place-is-too-cool-for-school is a marketing gimmick (or at minimum a cover for the s-l-o-w service).
I visited Goldie 3 times over the last month at 11:15 am (non-peak time).  Each time, there was literally no line and only one party in front of me. Each time, I ordered a Bag O' Balls (for those of you who are unfamiliar, the Bag O' Balls is what is sounds like - it's not a pita or salad that requires assembly, application of sauce, selection of vegetables - it's literally a brown bag with 6 or 12 falafel balls thrown into it and should require no more than four motions).  Sadly, on each of these three occasions, I could actually observe the food prep staff and specifically see that the slow service had nothing to do with the volume of orders, but rather a badge of honor staff wear as if to say "it's cool to be slow at Goldie."  Today, with no line and no back-up, it took 7 minutes 30 seconds for me from the time I ordered to the time I was given my order.
If I hadn't noticed this same trend consistently over 3 visits, I would be more generous in my interpretation. But just a tip to those who can't stay away -- make sure you leave yourself plenty of time and patience to sit around and wait unnecessarily, even when there is no line, no crowds, and no professionalism to be found anywhere.
Sorry folks, just keeping it real.  Love the food, but could really do without the self-important attitude.Amazing falafel, coming from a meat lover who rarely eats falafel. The shakes are really good too!Went here for lunch earlier today, was seriously not impressed which is surprising because I love love love all of Solomonv's other places. Ordered the falafel sandwich and it was just okay. The falafel themselves were pretty good, although not crispy enough, but the sauce was god awful. It totally took over the flavor of the falafel and was too creamy, to the point where it gives you a stomach ache. Tehina shake was good for the first few sips but an entire shake was just way too much. Sesame is not meant to be consumed in such large quantities. Another recipe for a stomach ache.Love that the employees ask you upfront if you have any food allergies. The hospitality is huge here. The food is always consistent. The shakes... don't even get me started on the shakes. I love the flavors in each dish - not to mention the simplicity of the menu. So fresh. Always happy.Goldie is a small 'hip' type fast/casual restuarant along the lines of Federal Donuts. I really liked the decor. I got the harissa falafel in pita ($7.5) and the staff taking orders was very nice. The food came out in about 5-10 minutes. It was a big portion which I enjoyed. All the veggies seemed fresh and tasted great, along with the sauce. I did like the falafel themselves, but maybe I like them a little greasier or crunchier on the outside. 
I will probably come back to try the tahini shake that people mention.Goldie is definitely a must try falafel place if you're in center city as long as you can get there early enough to avoid the long lunch line. I came here shortly after 11am, and I was already stuck in the back of the line almost near the entrance. I got the regular falafel sandwich, falafel salad with spicy and mango sauce and tried a sip of the tahini shake. I like the unique flavors of the shake, but it was just a bit too strong and creamy for my liking. The falafels were crunchy and well mixed and matched with the picked vegetable toppings, but the much more expensive falafel salad was quite disappointing as the bed of lettuce was withering and tasteless. At the end of the day, if you're craving for freshly made falafel and pita, make sure to swing by Goldie during their off hours! Avoid the salad. I did not get the french fries but heard they're good.
Food: 4 stars
Service: 3-4 stars (their lines are too long and the service not expedient enough)
Price: 4 stars
Ambiance: good luck finding a seatVery good falafel sandwich. Loved the flavor profile and the schug. It's a very simple, yet delicious and well executed menu. Love that it is vegan also! Can't wait to come back.I've only tried the mint-chocolate shake here, but OMG...I'm still thinking about it! It was smooth and creamy and sooooo yummy. Bits of chocolate and real mint leaves added to the amazingness of this vegan shake (which, by the way, did not even taste vegan!)
Can't wait to return and try the food (and other shake flavors!)This is a bustling (all vegan!) falafel joint in the heart of downtown. I had a falafel sandwich, a mint chocolate tehina shake, and fries with seasoning. I like that they have a limited menu--they don't offer a lot of options, but this allows them to keep things moving along (the robo-falafel maker also helps in this regard!). 
I liked my falafel sandwich. It had really bright, fresh veggies, and it also contained some delicious pickles. I was little disappointed with the falafels balls themselves though; they were a bit soft and mealy and not very crispy. The tehina shake was really delicious, but a bit pricey ($5 for a pretty small cup). The fries were very good. Overall, I'm really glad that Goldie provides a quick, fresh, vegan option in the heart of downtown, but I wasn't as wowed by my experience there as other reviewers.BEST falafels in Philly-- you have the option of getting a falafel pita or falafel salad. The falafels are well cooked and super tasty. We got the pita and it was delicious!!! The different spicy sauces were so good, definitely ask for a few of them to try it. The  place is small but enough room for a sit down meal with friends. 
The Tahini Turkish Coffee is the most popular drink there and I would definitely recommend it. The tahini flavor is present but not overwhelming. I split it with a friend because it was too much sweetness for me to have in one sitting, but worth a try. It was really good.The best falafel ever. I prefer the sandwich over the salad just because I'm not a big fan of eating raw parsley. Otherwise, both choices are great. You can't go wrong with any of their sauce choices. All of their shakes are really good, but coffee tehina shake was my favourite. There's usually a long line and limited seat choices, but it's totally worth the wait!Great place for falafels and fries!!! I got the falafel with the sauces on the side because otherwise the sandwich is drenched. The seasoning in the falafels is divine. If you get the fries, definitely get the schwarma seasoning because it tastes amazing! I also tried my friends mint tehina shake. It was good, but very dense. It's a drink I would come by to get on a hot day, but not with my meal. 
Make sure you come early because they close at 7 and sometimes they run out of falafels!Loved the food, and the falafels are the fluffiest, softest, ones I've ever had. However, the cashier was extremely rude and it wasn't even busy so I saw no reason for him to be that way. Wish I could give this place 5 stars but I felt very unwelcome. It's a shame.Was excited about checking out yet another genius culinary idea of the man behind Zahav and Dizengoff (2 of my absolute favorite places and I crave the hummus on a regular basis).
The pita was the exceptional quality I've come to know at above noted restaurants.
The falafel was good,  yet I can't say that it was "the best" I've had in the way I could talk about the hummus.   The toppings were incredible I must say!   
The fries were all that Yelp reviewers tout about !
I truly wanted to try the Tehina shake,  but it's made with soy milk and I just can't tolerate it in my system (bummer).
Would I consider returning ?   I think so ...
UPDATE:
I decided to take the risk of the soy and go back for the Tehina shake - OH.MY.GOD.   THAT,  in and of itself,  would have me return (and I did pay the intestinal price a bit after and it would be worth the repeat!)
Also had another falafel sandwich,  "Harissa" ... it was actually better than 1st time.This is a great lunch option. Seating is limited and it gets busy during the lunch hour. I had the Pita sandwich with Harissa sauce. Can't wait to go back and try the others. The sandwich was $7.5 and the shake is now $4.5. 
I had the Turkish coffee Tehina shake and it was great, though too heavy for one person. It's got a strong sesame base obviously so I would avoid it in case you can't have a strong flavor like that. 
But overall this is a great place! 
Update- Tried the Shawarma spice fries- So Good!!Amazeballs!!! Their falafel is some of the best I've eva had and that's including falafel actually from Israel. Go Goldie go. Also super reasonably priced so it's a solid spot for lunch.I can never finish a milkshake. I've never not finished a Turkish coffee tehina shake from Goldie - one of the best cheap sweets I've ever eaten.Came here late in the day just an hour or so before closing time and my sandwich was still fresh tasting. Pillowy soft pita and crispy cucumbers surrounding fried goodness. The employees pleasant and service was fast.  It's tucked upstairs with small signage. Walked by it the first time and had to double back. Worth the extra steps and 7.50!.If you're craving for falafel, peep this place out. It is relatively affordable, a little more than $10 for a falafel and a shake, while being in the city. Granted this location is fairly new so it does get crowded easily since there isn't much square footage. Besides those negative points, the food is good and fresh. 
I saw the food being prepared in front of me and they were frozen. The falafel mix was being put into ball form then fried per order. The service at the counter tried to facilitate the line , so they will try to take as much orders they can before making the pick area congested. There is not much seating in the restaurant. Probably twenty or so seats if you're lucky.  If it's busy, just take it to go and check in at Dilworth Park.Ordered lunch to go. Got the salad which was great, fresh, and the falafels where tasty. I just wish they put more sauce on my salad and if the sauce was thicker then this would be 5 stars. The price is okay but if they more choices for veggies, I would come here again. Still, there are other places to try.It's a bit hard to find but it's right across from harp and crown. I took off a star for the lack of organization. There is a constant gaggle of people not knowing where to order and wait for food. I also received my food after someone who ordered before me. Fries hot, crisp, well seasoned. Falafel huge delicious messy but worth it. Everything is reasonably priced and delicious. I can't wait to come back and bring friends!I only ordered from Goldie through Caviar app for their falafel & salad, fries, and their tahina vanilla shake. I wasn't the biggest fan of their salad since it felt a little soggy and I didn't like the sunflower seeds in it, nor the dressing much. But that is my personal preference. However, the sogginess might've most likely happened because it was delivery and I didn't get to eat the food right away. The schwarma spiced fries were very tasty, but I also felt like I would've preferred it plain because of my sensitivity to salt. Honestly I would probably have to try that one again, because I feel it should taste superb. What I REALLY ENJOYED A LOT were the falafels!!!!! They were not stale, not too crispy, very fresh, warm, great taste, and well made! I could possibly order a a ton of "bag o' balls" and it all day. I also absolutely adored their tehina shake. It is unbelievable that this simply just their special made tahini sauce, dates, and um... some other magical stuffHave gotten the salad twice now, and both times it's been DRENCHED in dressing. Gets so soggy so fast.Goldie's is a low-key restaurant out of plain view on Sansom. Their flagship products are falafels and their Tahini shakes. 
I can't speak to the quality or taste of their Tahini shakes, but I did get the falafels. I just got the falafels, which come with about 5-6 small-sized falafels for about $5. For the price and the size of the falafel, I felt it was slightly over-priced. 
In terms of taste and texture, Goldie's falafels have more of a dough-like, "bread-like" texture. The natural chickpea texture does not shine through, which can be a good or bad thing, depending on your falafel preference. My preference is to have the falafel batter a little more coarse and representative of the natural chickpeas. 
I personally prefer the texture, taste, and price of Mama's Vegetarian, a few blocks away. The falafels at Mama's are more satiating and more flavorful. Additionally, for the price of $5, you can get a "small" falafel sandwich at Mama's which is more filling that the pack of less-than-golf-ball sized falafels at Goldie's. Neither of the falafels at Goldie's or Mama's is perfect, but I feel that Mama's comes a lot closer than Goldie's. 
Would I come back to Goldie's? Sure, but I will probably not go out of my way for the falafels. I may come back to try a Tahini shake.The vegan tahini coconut shake was ridiculously delicious.  Believe the hype!  The bowl was a perfect dish.  It lets you sample both the falafel and fries, both expertly prepared and tasty, topped with one of three tahini sauces, fresh mint, fresh cilantro and one or more pickled vegetables all for one reasonable price.  Outstanding!I am a frequent visitor of famous salad chains and I have to admit that Goldie's falafel salad is probably the best falafel salad I've ever had! In case if you are  falafel lover or simply a vegan food enthusiast, this is the best choice for lunch in the city.One of the most favorite Healthy and clean fast food I ever had, delicious falafel sandwiches and The best tahini or sesame milkshakeThe food is good, but honestly... The vegan shakes. I can't drink milk anymore, and this is the first time I didn't feel deprived by a non-dairy alternative!I dream of this place! Love their shakes, love their falafel wrap, and loooove their seasoned fries! Oh and great vegan options!!! *droolWhy is this place so slow? It took me over 15 minutes to get my order (with only ~5 people ahead of me). The food is not worth the wait.Another great addition to center city Philly by Michael Solomon. Being a huge Dizengoff fan I had to give this place a try and I loved my first experience. Thankfully the lines were not too long and so I was able to place my order quickly. We tried the falafel and salad and both were really good. All falafels come with options to have different types of tahini along with 25 cent add one for different salsa types. The salads are priced higher than the falafel with bread but if you are hungry go for the pita bread. 
This place might be might next go to lunch option after Dizengoff.Finally made it to Goldie early enough to beat the crazy long line! Definitely worth trying if you can make it at an off-peak time. If the line is to the door expect to wait at least 15+ minutes before you get your food. There aren't many options because the few they have are just that good. They have a falafel sandwich or salad. I got the sandwich and had the option to pick between amba, schug or harissa sauce. If you like spicy get the harissa! It's really not that spicy but it gives it extra flavor. The best part of the sandwich is they they toss the filling ingredients together in the sauce so every bite has a little of everything. Also definitely order the fries! They were perfect! I'll need to come back to try a shake.Delicious falafel and we always come back for a tahini shake. Banana and coffee are our favorites! If you haven't had a tahini shake you gotta try it!The food, service, and atmosphere are everything you could ask for!  Seriously disappointed at myself for only now finding out about it.  Let's see, I've eaten at Zahav, Federal Donuts, Rooster Soup Company (directly below Goldie in CC), and they have all been wonderful experiences.  Try anything on the menu, you won't be disappointed!
I have one request, please offer recycling for the soda cans sold in the store.  Maybe I missed it, but I always appreciate the ability to recycle, so I ended up carrying out my can home.Fantastic falafal, shakes and fries. The house made sauces are a highlight and well worth getting all of them on the side. I expect lines will be crazy for a while but I found that going at 11 the line wasn't bad.I'll make this quick.  Go.  I'm not a vegan and I thoroughly enjoyed the food.  The falafel, fries and vegan shake (milk n choc) were delicious and filling.  The few times I've had this type of food I've found myself unsatisfied about an hour later and rummaging through my kitchen cabinets for a snack.  However, this was not the case with Goldie.  I was satisfied!  Also, the service was extremely friendly.Great concept and yet another terrific addition to the whole row of Solomonov restaurants. This one is right above Rooster Soup Co, which has made a few top nationwide restaurant mentions recently. The falafel sandwiches are the best I've had in the city, although I'm not a huge falafel fan and really just wanted to try it to see what the buzz was about. The style is slightly different from the usual falafel you will encounter in the city - crispy, thin exterior and flavorful inside, balls are slightly smaller than the usual. 
The tehina shakes are what really take the cake though - there's definitely a nutty/hummus flavor to them, but it's not as strange or overwhelming as I expected. For a vegan, this is probably a godsend, as this is the closest to dairy I imagine a vegan milkshake could get! My favorite is the coconut.
Be sure to consume the falafel and fries fresh. They have a pretty short lifespan of tastiness once you take them to go :POur first time here was last week. Cute little place.  Everyone raves about their food,especially the tahini milkshakes. I had questions, the girl was very polite and friendly. Our order came quickly! I got the chocolate mint shake and a pita falafel sandwich with the most mild sauce on it, i forget what it's called, but it had mango in it i believe.  SO GOOD. next time I'll try the medium sauce.my husband got the Turkish coffee shake and a pita sandwich  with the spicest sauce on it,the shug. He loved it, said it wasn't overly hot with spice.  We both got they shwarma fries.  Delicious! My only complaint is, they give you a teeny tiny cup of this ketchup that's so good..but seriously. It's way too small.. like you can dip 5 fries in it and you're done. And we had to split it between us! At least give one cup per order of fries! The best falafel I've ever had.  The best part of the meal were those shakes. We were waking out the door and I seriously almost turned around to order 2 more.  I'm craving them all week! Overall, this was a fantastic place,  we absolutely will be making the journey from Jersey here again very soon! Oh, the best part of it all is that it is all vegan!!!Good vegan falafel joint specializing in falafel sandwiches on pita, falafel salad, and vegan tahini shakes...pictured here is a falafel sandwich with mango sauce and a Turkish coffee tahini shake. Worth a try but not much else to the menu.Goldie is home to the best falafel in Philly.
I've been to the Center City location, as well as the location inside the Whole Foods in Fairmount. I ordered the Falafel, which is topped with Israeli salad, cabbage, and your choice of tehina (I got the plain tehina), all wrapped in pita. The falafel is crunchy on the outside and amazingly fluffy on the inside.
I've never been a huge fan of milkshakes (too much dairy for me), but that all changed when I took my first sip of a Turkish Coffee Tehina Shake. It's really difficult to describe the flavor, but it is creamy without being too rich, sweet without being overly sweet, and overall just amazing.
Everything is vegan, and everything is delicious.My vegetarian roommate takes her falafels very, very seriously. Having heard Goldie was finally open, she was determined to go opening week. I tagged along, of course, but more so I could Yelp about it. 
We waited in line for about 30-40 minutes on the Thursday of opening week during lunch time. The place is very small and only has a few tables and some window seating. But people moved quickly so getting a table wasn't too difficult. We ordered a salad and a falafel to share so we could try both in one shot. The cashier looked at us with surprise when we didn't order a shake. She then offered a sample (brilliant idea) because we immediately ended up buying a chocolate shake. I'm not usually a shake lover but this was very good - creamy but not overly sweet. I would recommend sharing it because it's quite heavy and you definitely want to save room for the rest of your meal!
The falafels were soft with a crispy texture and not too oily. The entire wrap was well proportioned so it wasn't too dry like some other sandwiches I've had. We couldn't decided between the three dressings so for an extra 25 cents - we got all three on the side! The salad was good too but that day, I wasn't feeling super healthy so I enjoyed the falafel sandwich more. But, hands down, the tehina shake won the game.Yes. Definitely lives up to the hype in my opinion. I moved out of Philadelphia 3 months ago and I still crave those delicious pita sandwiches!
I could go on and describe how each component is yummy and worth your time and money but bottom line is  if you like pita bread, falafel and fries, just go try this awesome place. 
Next time I visit Philly this will be on my list of placed to go to again!Went for lunch today and got lucky to arrive just a wee bit before the great rush. Falafel sandwich was ok. I have had better falafel ... more crunchy on the outside. These seemed mushy. (Side note: best falafel at Mama's Vegetarian IMHO). The harissa sauce however was delish and the shawarma fries were amazing. But the shake is where it is at. I had the original and it was to die for. Will return for fries and shake.YES!!!  Amazing falafel, tahini shakes (try the Turkish coffee), schwarma seasoned fries and the sour cherry tea.  Also the red hot pepper sauce on the tables... wish they sold it- would definitely bought a couple of jars.  Staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Next time we are in Philly we will definitely stop for another delicious meal!I'm obsessed with the coconut tehina milkshake here! I've actually thought about it every day since I tried it. 
I had the falafel pita with cabbage, tehina, and schug. My friend tried the falafel with harissa and said it was far inferior to the schug. The fries with shawarma seasoning are also great. The cherry ice tea has fresh mint in it, which makes it very refreshing...but if you're only getting one drink, it's gotta be the tehina milkshake!
The line is long around lunchtime. I arrived at 12:05pm on a weekday, and the line was out the door. It probably took around 20 minutes for us to order and get our food -- worth it though.Went for lunch with two coworkers. I got the falafel with harissa sauce, French fries with shawarma spice and a water. 
The woman taking orders asked if I'd ever tried the shakes in the menu (I hadn't) and offered me a sample which was nice of her. It tasted good but I didn't order one. I'm glad I didn't because the meal was very filling without a shake. It's 2+ hours later and I'm still stuffed. A shake on top might've induced a full on food coma. 
We got there a little before noon and the line was out the door. By the time we were served, ate and left the line was out on the sidewalk. The food was really good but I wouldn't wait that long for it. Go early or go when there's not too much of a line.
The falafel itself was kind of light and airy yet so filling. The pita was so soft and good and the harissa sauce a slow hot build. The additional filling in the falafel of israeli salad and cabbage was a nice compliment to the other flavors and textures.
The fries were also good. Enjoyed the spice. The bottom of the bag had lots of crispy bits which I love. 
I was never a huge falafel fan but this could be the place that coverts me.This place is fantastic. I've been here like five times in the last month and a half and the food quality is always great. The falafel is reasonably priced, delicious and the service is always great!I visited Goldie today for the first time.  I order half dozen of falafal with the mild sauce, regular fries, and banana tehina shake.  Everything was delicious!!!  I can't wait to visit again!!Was excited about checking out yet another genius culinary idea of the man behind Zahav and Dizengoff (2 of my absolute favorite places and I crave the hummus on a regular basis).
The pita was the exceptional quality I've come to know at above noted restaurants.
The falafel was good,  yet I can't say that it was "the best" I've had in the way I could talk about the hummus.   The toppings were incredible I must say!   
The fries were all that Yelp reviewers tout about !
I truly wanted to try the Tahini shake,  but it's made with soy milk and I just can't tolerate it in my system (bummer).
Would I consider returning ?   I think so ...I loved the falafel.  The pita bread is delicious and the falafel balls are yummy.  The French fries were terrible.  Over done and tasteless.  If I go back it will be only for falafel.The falafel is decent - fresh, filling and topped with a bunch of fixings - but the real star of this place is the tahini shakes. As my friend and I ate our falafel we noticed more people coming in for shakes than sandwiches, so decided to give one a try. The texture and flavors are delightful and it's dairy-free. 
The prices are decent and the limited menu makes ordering and service fast and easy. They also have a small market section with a lot of imported ingredients, which is a nice touch that really adds to the charm of this small storefront.Outstanding! The most tender and flavorful falafel I've ever had. The Turkish coffee milkshake was incredible. And two words: shawarma fries. With homemade ketchup. Heavan. Can not wait to go back!!Vegan falafel/fries/milkshake joint!
I came with a friend on a Friday a few weeks back and we each got a milkshake, a falafel sandwich, and shawarma fries. 
-Milkshakes: (coconut & chocolate) Both were great (I preferred the chocolate and my friend preferred the coconut) but after a while became a bit overwhelming in sweetness, so I would recommend sharing with a friend.
-Falafel Sandwich - The falafel was really good, but I wish that the outside was a bit crispier (I just prefer a bit more texture in a sandwich). Sauces were both great!
-Shawarma fries - I think fries are pretty much always good, and these didn't disappoint. 
Overall a solid (albeit somewhat heavy) vegan meal!Honestly this is one of my favorite restaurants ever. I moved here about a year ago, and whenever I go back home to visit my family I'm always craving the falafel salad and tahini shakes. Their food will leave you feeling happy and satisfied. I recommend to anyone visiting the city looking for a quick bite to eat!WOWWWW!
This place is sooo good! This is better than any falafel we have ever had in New York. This is the best falafel we have had outside of Israel, so authentic and so fresh and good. 
The tahina shakes are pretty amazing. I don't think I've ever had a better milkshake. I had the Turkish Coffee and I would order it again! 
Michael Solomonov, you gave us Dizengoff in NYC, please bring us Goldie!!!Ehh. I had a falafel bowl salad and was underwhelmed. I asked for the spicy sauce my husband had on his pita falafel, which was way better, but they wouldn't give it to me. Oh well. Next time I'd get the pita falafel.I came to Goldie's for lunch recently. It's a good place to come if you're looking for a quick bite in center city. The place is really tiny so you might not be able to find seating inside. I ordered the falafel the way it comes with some harissa thrown into the sandwich. It was really tasty. I wish it was a little spicier and had the option of putting pickles in my falafel sand which. I think Apricot stone in Northern Liberties makes better falafel, but I will definitely come back to Goldie.Awesome Falafels :) takes Falafel eating to a new level. Very light and fluffy, crispy on the outside. Amazing!!Delicious vegan meal for under $15. The chocolate tahini shake is so tasty!This place was super yummy ! Loved my falafel pita sandwich, fries, and pistachio baklava. The sandwich was super creamy from all the tahini and the falafels were outstanding, perfectly moist and dense with just the right amount of crunch. I love dipping my fries into the green harissa and mango mild sauce that they gave me as well, so flavorful! I would probably skip on the pistachio baklava in the future, I love pistachios but that ish was $2 for a tiny sized bite, and I'd rather put that towards a tahini shake. Will be back Goldie's!What can I say? You have done it again Michael Solomonov. The freshest ingredients, flavors blending and bursting in your mouth always leaving you wanting more. I had the Falafel salad and was so impressed. The Falafel was fresh and crispy-but small. You get about 5-6 in the order which is a good amount for the salad. My only complaint-and its a very small one-is the salad could be a bit bigger. That is all. Absolutely will head back for another round in the near future.Met a friend here for an early weekday dinner. Everything was delicious, especially the Turkish Coffee Milkshake! All of the food was clearly fresh and a perfect choice for eating vegan without thinking about it.Tried Goldie for the first time today and was so thrilled with my lunch! I had the falafel salad and original tehina shake. The falafel were perfectly crisp on the outside and fluffy and vibrantly green on the inside. The salad was bright, with lots of great herbs and fresh veggies. I was a little nervous about trying the tehina shake, I had some fears that it may be overwhelmingly sweet or gritty in texture. But I was SO wrong! My shake had a smooth, creamy texture with a slightly nutty, sweet taste. If I hadn't known beforehand, I would never have thought it was vegan. Can't wait to go back and try the other menu items.Amazing falafel sandwich (chose harissa sauce) and the salad option looked delicious as well! Decent fries! It's a bit challenging to find seating initially but somehow it worked out that a table became available while we were there, staff there seemed super attentive to ensure tables were clean. For those with nut allergies: sadly the tehina shake is made with almond milk with no substitutions.When a friend who's leaving Philly asked me where she needed to go before she left, I knew I wanted to bring her here! I had come once before (unfortunately they close at 7 pm on weeknights, so that makes it harder to come more frequently for me) and knew the owners of Zahav would not disappoint. 
What I've tried:
* Falafel Sandwich, $7.50 -- I got the Harissa Tehina sauce, which is a little red and spicy. I love falafel, especially these that are smaller in size and crispy on the outside. The sauce had just enough kick for me.
* Falafel Salad, $9 -- I was really surprised by how much I liked the salad. It's refreshing and light yet very flavorful, the ingredients were not random and each served a purpose. My favorite ingredient was the YELLOW beets though because of the texture, who knew there was such a thing? I was looking for them in my salad and when I looked at the ingredient list I realized it was the yellow chunks!
* Shawarma Spiced Fries, $3 -- Why get regular fries? The shawarma spice is my jam! I also dipped them in sauce that was ketchup plus something else I couldn't identify...so good!
* Turkish Coffee Tehina Shake, $4.50 -- I'm lactose sensitive and normally avoid milkshakes, but luckily this is something I can have! Such a rich, sweet treat at the end of my meal. My favorite part was probably the crumbled halva (I think it's made of tahini) that was like cookie dough in the milkshake. OBSESSED! 
I love that this can be a quick and affordable meal...the menu is also so simple (easy to conquer). I know what I love already, but maybe next time I'll venture out and try some of the other sauces and tehina shake flavors!I tried their pickled mango falafel sandwich which was really good! The falafel was just saltier than I wanted it to be. However they stuffed the sandwich with a generous portion of vegetables. The staff seemed really nice and there was a constant flow of customers coming in for their falafel sandwich. It's a great and affordable place for couples and friend groups to come and hangout. 
Definitely looking forward to my next visit and trying their Tahini shakeI really don't like falafels. Like I really don't. But there is a reason I came back to this place twice! They have a limited menu (serving shakes, fries, salads, and pita sandwiches). At an affordable price, you can get an amazing pita sandwich chock full of falafels, housemade salad, and salsa. It was delicious. The falafels alone were amazing - they were soft, tasty, and melted in your mouth. They managed to do something that no one else had managed. The icing on the cake are the shakes. I know you're probably on a diet, but trust me on this one - you need to get them. The banana coconut is sweet-but-not-too-sweet, thick, and is better than most of the shakes that I've tried. The customer service is amazing too - they are very patient, eager to tell you about their offerings, and seem to take the effort to get to know you (even though this is a semi-fast-food place). The creators of Zahav have done a great job with this one. 
TLDR - get a pita sandwich, and make sure not to skip out on the shake.I was here visiting for a wedding and came to Goldie with a couple friends. I love falafel and the way this joint made a brand new twist on it did not disappoint what so ever. I would definitely recommend trying all the sauces (for dipping) AND definitely try the fries. And of course I tried the tehina shake, which was out of this world. :)Not the most photogenic food but absolutely delicious. Hands down some of the best falafel I've ever had. The harissa sauce for the falafel I ended up using for the fries. And these fries with Shawarma spice were amazing! The sour cherry iced tea was very good too.I came here the other day with my boyfriend for a quick lunch and we were so impressed. The falafel was extremely fresh and flavorful, the pita bread was perfect, and the shawarma fries were incredible. My boyfriend got a tahina shake and it was delicious. I've heard some people say that the service can be slow, but that was not my experience, despite a completely crowded restaurant. The price is great for what you get, and it's a nice atmosphere. I really enjoyed this place, and I'd come here every day if I could.Really great food. Great service. Jason was particularly awesome to interact with and converse with. Really pleasant and delicious experience.Picked up a falafel salad and falafel sandwich, with two orders of fries (both regular and seasoned). The salad really hit the spot for me and was super fresh. I loved the added mint leaves and the citrus line vinaigrette. My husband enjoyed the sandwich. The fries were a little on the small side and too overdone/burnt for my liking, but that's just my preference. (Husband loved them.) We'll definitely be back.This place is delicious! The falafel is phenomenal, the fries are perfect, but the star of the show is the tehina shake. Service is always great and they're always friendly. Very cute space. It is small and gets crowded during the weekends.This place is insanely good. I came after reading about Michael Solomonov's falafel empire in Philly and knew I couldn't leave the city without at least getting it once. I got the falafel with Harissa and it was unreal. I was blown away with how great the falafel was. It was scorching hot when I got which meant they just took it out of the fryer. The harissa on top was spicy but not overwhelming where you are grasping for water. I don't know if I will be back since the menu is so limited but this place definitely lives up to the hype that Solomonov exudes.After a short flight or steps you ascend in to what might be falafel heaven. The food is AMAZING here. Chickpea nuggest of joy nessed in a pillowly oft pita pocket. The sauces are pick what you like and I went with the mango flavored one. I paired my meal with the Turkish coffee milkshake which was definitely worth the calories. Having a tahini base might make you worried but trust the yelp and just get one. They are perfect.
I removed one star because of the wait and the crowd. Even though I'll definitely be back, I'm going to try and avoid coming lunchtime on a Saturday because it was packed! These guys knew it would be a popular place but I don't understand why they had to pick such a tiny location. Shows rent must be more than I could imagine.Wow! Tried Goldie for the first time a few days ago and it's been on my mind ever since! The falafel is great! Also, try the Turkish Coffee milkshake! It's delicious!Cos delizioso!!! The (incredible) Falafel is of a light texture, the outside is crunchy but not oily, the inside is vibrant green and just packed with flavour, and the special tahini sauces are all divine. I ordered the salad with Falafel on top, my boyfriend had the pita sandwich. Both were so wonderful. Also loved the Tahini Shake; it's so rich and creamy you won't believe it's vegan. YOU MUST EAT HERE!!! Vegan or no, this place is an absolute MUST. Thank you, wonderful people of Goldie!Falafel - good
Fries - great
Milkshakes - awesome!!! Yum!!!
And they were so friendly and accommodating. Definitely give it a try and don't skip on the shake.Oh My Freaking Falafel Gods!!!
This place is divine, goldly, crispy happiness smothered in Harissa! The sense of satisfaction that I get from gouging on these amazing flavorful Yums is simply unparalleled 
So good- I cried
Oh and that Halva Shake- literal heavenTehina shakes are delicious and so creamy (hard to believe they're vegan!) but ultimately still too sweet for me. It's definitely a dessert drink and I'm sure I'll come back for more but I would probably share it rather than get my own. Between the Turkish Coffee and the original, I preferred the original for the nuttier taste. 
The falafels are the fluffiest I've had! Definitely recommend that you eat while they're hot and fresh to get the best texture experience.I arrived around 12pm on a wkday and there was a line but it went fairly quickly. 
I ordered the falafel with Harissa sauce.  Very good. 
I also ordered the fries.  VERY good.  
I actually ordered and walked about 30 minutes back home and the fries were still fairly crispy and the homemade ketchup went well with it. 
Very happy to have gotten to pick up food here.Falafel salad was excellent and lasted me 2 meals. Turkish coffee shake was incredible. Potentially the best coffee shake I've ever had, vegan or otherwise.Soo good!
I'm usually a Mama's Veg customer, but had to give this place a try because friends were raving about it.  I realized that I knew nothing about falafels this whole time.  I had no idea that falafels could taste this good.  The difference in quality (from the other places) is soo obvious after my first bite.  It was moist, well-seasoned and just so aromatic.  The pita bread was flaky and slightly chewy enough to create the right texture.   I picked the spicy tahini sauce and it was delicious.  I asked for extra because I like it saucy!I have been going to Mama's for lunch for 4 years and thought it couldn't get any better here in Philly; Goldie has proved me wrong, blows Mama's out of the water. Awesome spot.I've been going to the limited-menu branch in West Philly all summer, so this was my first time at the original location. My opinion of their food was already stellar, but WOW, somehow the center city location manages to do it even better. I had a salad and fries, my mate had a sandwich and a coconut shake. All excellent. The real standout was the excellent customer service we received-- they were out of coconut whipped cream when they blended the first shake, which quite frankly, I wasn't going to complain about, but they apologized and offered to make us ANOTHER shake for free! Can't beat that. Perfect falafel as always, crunchy veggies, to-die-for shakes. Ahhh!The falafel is unreal. If you like falafel, please do yourself a favor and go here. If you don't like falafel, please do yourself a favor and go here. I particularly love the falafel pita with harissa. The tahini milkshakes are also spectacular. Thank you Michael Solomanov, you wonderful genius.Oh. Em. Gee. This place is seriously off the charts. 
To start-- 100% vegan. However, you carnivores should not allow this to deter you from this place for one second, ya hear? 
The husband and I each ordered a shake-- I got the coconut (defreakinglicious) and he got the Turkish coffee (droooool). They were both so creamy and jam packed with flavor. YUM!
I got the amba falafel and he got the schug falafel. Amba was so amazing. The flavor profile was perfection in a pita. The husband's schug was taaaasty, and had a bit of a spicy kick to it.
We also ordered schwarma fries. Delicious, but a small portion, so if you don't like to share your fries, make sure your friend orders their own.
The icing on the cake with Goldie was that the food comes fast. Don't let a longer line deter you, you'll have your food in less than six minutes. PLUS! The prices were so reasonable.
So, in conclusion: if you like insanely tasty food for a great price and fast, Goldie is for you.
Now, I'm off to dream about coconut tahina milkshakes and falafel.Food: excellent. Wait time: unacceptable.
Too bad because their falafel sandwich was light, flavorful and packed with vegetables.
Compared to Mama's, I have to say it is slightly better tasting, but no whole wheat or eggplant or latke. My friend likes the coconut-tahini shake. The fries where golden & the spiced ketchup was dead on.
We got there at noon and waited 30 minutes for food. The line was even longer by then. The cashier is inefficient, but then she is doing drinks too, including milkshakes. They spend 3-5 minutes on a customer where Mama's is 30 seconds. You be the judge.
I would go back at 11 AM or 2 PMThe tahini (coconut) shakes are to die for! The falafels are amazingly tasty and melts in your mouth. The only issue was that there was not enough harissa sauce in the pita sandwich, so the sandwich felt dry and I could barely taste the sauce. I guess some prefer their sandwich to not get soggy. 
I am wondering if they would consider asking the customer if they want heavy/medium/weak sandwich dressing, to customize the pita sandwich.Very disappointing based upon reading reviews and the hype around this place. Falaffel was just ok. Mama's Vegerarion blows this place away.This place is amazing. I've never had such light and fluffy falafel before. I had the falafel salad and schwarma fries and my friend had the pita. Everything just happens to be vegan too, but meat eaters will not miss the meat. I will have to try the tahini shakes next time! It's also very affordable, I think the salad + fries came to about $12.
We got there around 11:45 on a friday and there was no wait. 15 mins later, I'm guessing lunch break hits and the line goes out the door! The food comes out quickly so I'm sure you wouldn't wait too long either way.Confession, I too, was one of the many who were mind boggled about a tahini shake. In disbelief, I had to pay a visit to straighten out my mind... 
And can I just say tahini shakes are truly friendly counterparts of their relative milkshake? 
Why you need a tahini shake to try:
- the texture of the tahini perfectly masks itself as a milkshake with its rich and creaminess, but distinguishes itself with a hint of nuttiness - yum! 
- the taste is in perfect harmony with the flavors offered and pleasantly surprised your taste buds 
- vegan friendly option
I haven't tried the falafel and hope to come back soon, but in the meantime... where else can you brag that you've tried a tahini shake and throw your friends into confusion just like you once felt!Hella vegan friendly if you're looking for that, cool neighborhood 
Moist, flavorful falafel that knocks your average street vendor out of the park, so you can't go wrong with either a falafel with pita or a falafel salad. 
The real kicker is probably their vegan shakes, dubbed "Tehina shakes" (Michael Solomonov's recipe/brainchild). We tried their Turkish Coffee + Coconut shakes and both were outstanding! Tehina is made with soy + almond milk + tahini so the flavor is slightly nuttier than your typical dairy shake, but they do not disappoint. 
Not from Philly but I could see this being a great lunch stop. Seating is sparse though.Best falafel that I've had in this town since I lived in Israel 20 years ago!! The Turkish Coffee shake is out of this world. New favorite place.Could not be more obsessed with this place. Excellent concept. Perfect execution. 
My only criticisms are that they took away the plain chocolate milkshake which I (maybe pathetically) spent time looking forward to on a near-weekly basis and that I have legitimately gained weight from eating here so much.
The falafel are little bean donuts of delight. The salad is herby and indulgent. The milkshakes are the stuff vegan dreams are made of. Also non-vegan dreams. Really all milkshakes wish they could taste this good. 
One tip: don't take away. Eat it nearby or inside, because the crispness of the falafel goes away pretty quickly and the milkshake texture melts into meh within a few blocks of summer walking. One other tip: Don't wipe your hands on your pants after eating the schwarma fries. There's gotta be some turmeric in there cuz it stains. Also, it's not classy to wipe your hands on your pants at any time.This was the best falafel I've ever had, and I've tasted my fair share around the world. It is like a pillow, with its soft and flavorful inside and crunchy exterior. I would definitely recommend adding the fries into the falafel pita. Everything about it exceeded my expectations, and I can't wait to come back. The coconut tehini shake was rich, refreshing, and delicious. And don't be intimidated by the long line--it moves quickly and is well worth the wait.Another Solomonov gem. Best falafel in the city, amazing fries and very generous portions. Will be coming back here weekly.One of, if not the best falafel in the city!!! Fries were great. I recommend the sour cherry iced tea, not super sour like the name implies but nicely balanced with mint.  I had tried to get a bite after 3pm several times and they were completely sold out so get there early!If you've never had a tahini shake, this is the place to get it! I don't think there is anywhere else in Philly to get one - at least I haven't found it to date. If you are vegan, be sure to ask about the ingredients. I eat mostly vegan and have enjoyed everything I've had. I love all of the tahini flavors!
They are also very green and offer compostable cutlery. So if an occasional fork breaks consider that a good thing. We want compostable materials that will break easily as break down in land fills, right? Just grab another one. No worries! They have plenty. :)
They stay busy so expect an occasional wait but it is worth it if you like falafel and tahini! The staff is always very friendly and answer questions but during busy times may appear distracted. I've found that they are still very open to help me make decisions even in the chaotic moments. Love the staff! 
It is a small place so it is great for take out. Eat in works, too. Just expect it be busy around lunch and early dinner. 
All-in-all, great place, great staff, great food, great vegan options! 
Final thought - Ignore any negative reviews. Perhaps those customers had a bad day or an uncharacteristic bad experience. Those reviews don't represent the typical Goldie's experience. The majority of the reviews that are extremely positive do. 
Happy eating at Goldie!I guess within the last month they added an "off menu" of 3 items:
- bag o' balls (falafel, half dozen $5 or dozen $9)
- fry boat $6 (dine in only) - basically loaded fries
- baklava $2 (not available on Sundays because understaffed?)
I love their soft falafel that is crispy on the outside, but in the future I will probably get the falafel on this off menu rather than the falafel pita sandwich if I'm also getting the salad. I also like the loaded fry boat to share rather than the fries by themselves. You'll notice from my pics that if you order every item on the menu as I've been doing, you'll end up eating a lot of falafel balls!Great fun falafel joint. My one complaint is that it took about 30 minutes (we went at noon) to get our food which is not desirable for a somewhat fast food place but I think that is because it just opened. I got the falafel with amba sauce and schug on the side. Falafel was very good and light and I always love a place that has amba as I feel it is hard to find outside of the middle east. I also loved that they tossed everything together before stuffing the pita so you get a little bit of everything in every bit as opposed to traditional falafel places where they stuff each item as you go along. The spicy fries were also delicious too. Highly recommend.Goldie is my favorite lunch spot in Center City (I'm a big falafel fan!). The menu is simple and ALL VEGAN, not to mention cheap! The falafel sandwich is a filling meal, but make sure to pair it with of their tahini shakes! 
The staff are very nice and look so good together! Considering the very high volume of the place, I admire the enthusiasm and persistence in service. I highly recommend Goldie!The falafel was pretty good, and I liked the salad stuff. But OMG the tehina shake. Seriously y'all it is one of the most delicious things I've ever consumed. Go get one.If Caitlin McMillan is cooking, I am there.  Excellent food with really unique fries.  Worth the wait, as you may experience lines to get in.  Be on the lookout for this Zagat nominated chef, she is a Philly gem.I am so glad that they extended their hours past 3pm because this place is incredible. Falafels are really tasty and you need to leave some room for a tehina shake!! Turkish coffee is my preference.Yes yes yes. $7 for a massive pita sandwich with delicious falafel. The sauces are all great but my favorite is the harissa.
I've never eaten in the restaurant but the atmosphere seems cool and clean.When there are only 4 things on the menu made from the kitchen, you know you're in for a treat. Those four things are falafel, tehina, pita, and flavor!! Just kidding, there's the falafel in a pita, fries, salad with falafel, and tehina shake. And it's all vegan! Vegans, rejoice! 
I went on a Sunday around 5pm so there wasn't a lot of people there, no line, but the tables were all taken. My body was ready for some falafel and tehina sauce after a long day wandering Philly as well as some shawarma fries!! That came to a total of $10.50 and a short wait before my well-deserved meal. I was lucky that I caught a table right when my order got to me and I was so excited to dive in. The falafel pita has options for other sauces - I couldn't hear the girl behind the counter over those dining super well but I heard something about roasted mangos (amba) and went straight for that one. There is also schug and harissa which with the latter being the spiciest if you want a kick. I do love spicy but it was already a hot day.
Knowing myself, I couldn't eat all of those things AND drink a shake so I'll just have to come back but man, they looked good! I can't say enough about how good the falafel pita and fries were. It certainly hit the spot and I'm glad that there's another nice, quick option that's donuts or hummus by the genius that is Michael Solomonov. What a time to be alive. 
Go when it's not peak lunch hour and be amazed!Just do yourself a favor and go to Goldie. Everything here is too good to miss out on. There are better falafels nearby and I don't know why salads are always so expensive, HOWEVER, this place does not disappoint. Wish list:
1. It would be great if there were more seating available. 
2. For the falafel sandwich, if the sauce could be put in the middle and not on the very top, it would be a lot less messier while eating. 
3. Would appreciate the sauce choices for the salad as well. 
Still love this place.Packed flavorful pita full of falafel tehina and veggies. The banana shake was too sweet for me but had great consistency.Very good falafels and excellent salad. The vegetables are fresh and the tehina dressing is delicious.  The falafels are not the best I've had in the city but they are definitely good. They are on the smaller side. They have a dark crunchy coating and are soft in the center.  The salad comes with five balls. The salad portion is pretty good, though $9 is steep. It did not come with bread. The menu is very limited. They don't even have hummus. Just falafel, fries and shakes. 
The place is small but nice. There are about 6 tables and some stools in the front. The decor is modern and slightly hipster. The tables have jars of pickled peppers which were awesome. The lines get long for lunch, but it moves fast. 
I want to try to fries and vegan shakes so I will return.Best falafel ever, light and fluffy inside and crispy outside. Tahina milkshake sounds weird but tasted even better than real milkshakes. 10/10 would recommend.Nice staff, will ask for allergies,  nice presentation,  must for vegetarian! Tastes good.I love places with small menus that crank out amazing food! The falafel and tahini shakes are superb! The staff are super friendly and everything tastes so good. It's a great place for a quick, filling meal. Go for a mint chip shake and a falafel pita with the mango sauce (amba).Had so much potential but the falafel sandwich was almost too salty to eat. Great fries though!I'm so glad this city is investing in quality falafel places! I loved everything about this place. Wait in line to order, only a few options to order from, then wait for a seat/food. Quick + delicious food ! Try it! I haven't tried their tahini milk shakes yet but I've heard they are delicious.Best falafel in town ! Original Tahini shakes and shawarma fries are spot on.The staff is very pleasant as well.I came for the falafel but I stayed for the tahini milkshake. Goldie is the real deal from cover to cover. The atmosphere is an exciting take on classic Moroccan styles and the place is completely packed.
I tried the tahini shake and a falafel with sweet amba sauce. The thick, malty flavor of the milkshake was incredible and I honestly haven't stopped thinking about it from the moment of my last sip until now. It was that good.This is the best falafel-on-pita sandwich I've ever had. It's honestly to die for. And the milkshakes--particularly the mint chocolate one--are outstanding. No more really needs to be said. The only downside with this place is the line situation at lunch hour...I've seen people practically spilling out onto the street. But the place really is that good. It's a must if you're looking for falafel in Philly.Came here at noon on a Thursday and the line was out the door - but hearing about how great the shakes are, we waited in the heat. Definitely worth it! The tehina milkshake was delicious - got the chocolate, which had a nutty taste to it. Can't even tell that they are vegan! Will definitely be coming backThe price is RIGHT. At $7 flat for a decently sized falafel pita this clean joint defies the law of economics. The place is compact, clean and friendly. Although my order was a bit too salty for my taste. The menu consists of a few items (5ish) and if you order the falafel they ask you what sauce and if it's your first time. I chose the most popular one, the harissa which is a spicy chili paste, according to the staff.
-Falafel pita w/ harissa sauce: just a great blend size-wise of falafel, vegetables and pita. Unfortunately as mentioned, they forget to layoff on the sea salt shaking. My meal was almost as salty as the Pacific Ocean. So no Bueno there. Based on all the good reviews my order may just be an anomaly ... I hope 
Overall, great clean space with fair priced falafel pitas. I'll have to try my luck again some other time.My favorite falafel restaurant in Philly!! The sauces are delicious (I get the Amba which is like a chutney mango flavor) and the coconut Tahina.... most amazing vegan milkshake you could dream of. Small space but great atmosphere, and the staff are all wonderful. I would give this place even more stars if I could :)A great small falafel shop to pop in for a quick bite - this is some of the most flavorful falafel I've had.  My falafel was topped with a spicy cilantro sauce that was unique and to die for. I'm knocking off a star bc the falafel wasn't crispy by the time it got to us. I definitely prefer mine with a serious crunch so that was disappointing but otherwise again the flavor here is awesome.
Shawarma fries were also delicious, too. Really well seasoned and served with a house ketchup that melds together perfectly. Will be coming back!Wanted to check out the new falafel hype, conveniently located on Samson St, so I stopped by for lunch on a Saturday and thankfully wasn't too crowded.
I ordered: the Falafel with Harissa [$7]
While the size of the falafel sandwich is decent, the taste is pretty average, nothing special.  The pickled vegetables were decently fresh and the falafel itself okay, I've had better in the city.  The sauce was smothered all over the sandwich, which made it a mess to eat, and everything together tasted a bit too salty.
I really wanted to try the Chocolate Shake that I saw everyone raving about, but they replaced it with Mint Chocolate instead.  This was a huge disappointment for me.
Overall, this place is pretty average and doesn't really seem like a spot I'd like to visit on a regular basis.Solid lunch choice. Nothing that blew my mind, but would pop in again for a quick bite. It's a hip little place, not too many seats. Line's out the door during weekday lunchtime. Seems like most people do take-outs. 
The Falafel sandwich is packed. Good portion size I think. A lot of veggies with double layers of falafels. I do wish the sauce wasn't running all over my hands when I'm eating it. But... that can't helped I suppose. Pita is soft and not dry, just like the ones from dizengoff and zahav. I got harissa sauce which wasn't spicy but whatever it is I liked it! Falafels are good but I do wish they are crispier on the outside. I wasn't like omg this is the best thing ever (like I did when I first had hummus and pita at zahav) but overall it was enjoyable. 
Fries were super crispy, just to my liking tho!Fell in love with falafel for the first time. The have some mix-mango flavour sauce which is really good(not sweet as assumed)Wow very good!  I am certainly not a vegan but am happy to try it.  Had the falafel sandwich, schwarma fries, and the Turkish coffee shake.  The sandwich came in the same pita they sell at dizengoff and was very flavorful.  Possibly the best falafel I have ever had.  There are a few types of a tehina to choose from to put on top.  I got the spicy which wasn't too spicy but had a lot of flavor.  They have another flavor that they describe as pickled mango which I will have to try next time.  The fries are small and crunchy.  Personally that's not my things but I know many people prefer it this way so I wont take a star off for this.  Spice was very complimentary.  The Turkish coffee shake was amazing.  Seriously try it.  The line was very long and it took a while to get my food.  This is more a result of the place being popular than the employees being slow.  They were cranking out the falafel.  It might, however,  be something you should consider if you are going on your lunch break.This was great!
Kids and I ran across this small place while in Philly. 
I think it's a "test kitchen" but packed with lots of supporters!!
Great gyros and shwarmas. 
We will be back if they stay around.Falafel's NOT awful. 
Eat the fries by the clawful.
And wash it all down with a nondairy shake.
Thank God it's not offal -
If you're vegan it's lawful.
And congrats at the wisdom of your awesome lunch break.So good I can't even, I don't even have words to describe the food. Everything is seasoned to perfection, fresh, salty, savory, hint of sweet, it literally punched my mouth, and knocked me out. I could drink their sauces from a fountain for the rest of my days. I can't describe their falafel at the moment because there are no words in the English dictionary to describe it. The salad is incredulous, za'atar bae is all I have to fricken say. The only thing is this bloody place is 383848 miles from me, but I would move to Philly for this...It was a just okay lunch.
Seriously salty and the falafel fall apart immediately.  
I preferred the balance of crunch-to-soft and the big selection of toppings at (the late, great) Maoz, where sandwiches were also, go figure, half the price.
Still shopping around for a better falafel and a better deal.I've been wanting to get here since the opening and finally got to stop in recently.  I was expecting the place to be small but it was smaller than I thought.  Luckily I was here between the lunch and dinner crowds and was able to get a seat.
The falafel was very good like I have heard. I had a hard time deciding between the pita or the salad but went with the falafel pita sandwich with harissa sauce. Also had the Shawarma spice fries. Yum.  Of course I had to try a tehina shake, I went with the coconut.  This was delicious. 
This is counter service in case you don't know. The staff was friendly So happy this place didn't disappoint.  I hope to get back soon!5 star review to offset the 1 star left by someone who didn't actually eat here.  I also haven't eaten here yet but, this place is probably awesome based on the other restaurants the proprietors run.I have zero problem eating vegan, vegetarian, etc., so long as the food's tasty, and Goldie delivers, just as Solomonov's other Philly spots do.
I would like a Turkish Coffee tehina shake every day: a-maz-ing. I need to try the Chocolate next time, but I might just need to double-fist it with another Turkish Coffee--particularly loved the hazelnuts!
The pita was terrific, the falafel soft, and the balance of the vegetables, etc. was spot on. The shawarma fries were crisp (cut slightly smaller than I might've preferred) and tasty, especially with the specialty ketchup.
The spot is up a flight of stairs and relatively small inside (maybe 5 2-seater tables and a row of 4-bar stools at a counter along the front window), so grab'n'go is probably your best bet, unless you've saved your karma, but the staff is super friendly and there were definitely repeat customers when I went only 2 weeks post-open. I plan to be one!Pretty tasty falafel sandwich. My taste buds are not sure if it's any better than the food trucks, though. The wait was a bit long during lunch time but that's OK. But, I do have to knock off two stars for service: I think it's an important best practice if you decide to give out samples/freebies to do so consistently. Everyone behind me got samples of the tehina shake while I did not. I didn't want to be petty and ask for one too when I was already far ahead but that's my fault for not asking. What bugged me a bit was that when asked by the cashier what sauce I wanted, it being my first time there, I asked if it's possible to try all three but she said no. The guy before me was given all three sauces to try...hmm... again, consistency would be nice so people don't feel singled out!The best falafel you will ever have. Period. You MUST get the original tahini milkshake... heaven! It's nutty and almost tastes like peanut butter, but better. You won't be disappointed. The place is small and there is almost always a line out the door, but it is worth the wait...clearlywow came at 1PM and the line was out the door still (which is not hard since the place is small) and as i waited, the line kept getting longer by the minute!
it took a bit to place my order and waited to get my food, but seeing the # of people, it's at least good to know people took off pretty quickly.
i had to go back to the office to chow down~ unfortuntely by the time i got back, the falafels were soggy already.. not much you can do there... the tehina covering everything tasted basically identical to dizengoff! great mixture with the cucumber, tomatoes n purple cabbage.  yum!  i also got the fries b/c sooo many people are raving about them and for good reasons!  while the falafels lost the crispy edge, the fries still got it!  n good god, they were bangin'! be sure to get the 3 side sauces.  the yellow curry sauce goes really well with shawarma spices. 
will return but i'm not a fan of that line lol.The falafels here are amazing! Be sure to try one of their shakes too. For $4 a pop, it's the best deal on dessert in the city. The hype was well deserved and the wait times are worth it.I feel like I'm committing a sin against all other Philadelphia foodies by giving this place 3 stars but I genuinely had to. First off, I got the Turkish coffee shake, shawarma fries, and the falafel. I got my shake first and it was so good that I was convinced the fries and falafel would be on the same level. I took a bite of my fries and was taken back by the lack of awesomeness yelp reviewers had described it to be. It was like Wendy's fries with some seasoning. The falafel looked great so I was optimistic that this would bring me back to good euphoria, but it didn't. It was good, don't get me wrong, just not what I had thought. It was a runny sandwich, the juices from the vegetables soaked the pita and it just tasted very average to me. I'm a HUGE fan of Dizengoff but I don't think this compares in taste at all. There should've been a better hummus and vegetable ratio in my opinion. With this being said, I will be coming back for the shake since that most definitely did not disappoint.Damn. Go here ... order anything. Vegan or not you will love it. The falafels are the best i have ever had. Crispy but not hard or oily, soft and smooth inside and the pita was perfectly packed and the pita itself was soft and delicious but also hearty enough to not fall apart after one or two bites (unlike almost every other falafel pits i have had). Do a tahina shake they do not disappoint. Banana flavor was amazing. 
Staff was friendly and warm and that is half the experience. Makes the food taste that much better. 
Keep it up Goldie.