We tried the good dog because it was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. This joint is definitely a dive. We visited at 1:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday and it was extremely loud and rowdy. Basically if you are over 26 years old you will not fit in nor will you enjoy it. I am giving it 2 stars because in spite of this the food was good. The Thai meatballs are excellent and you get a generous portion of sweet potato fries with the sandwiches. Service was very good as well. If I were 21 years old I'd probably give it 4 stars.Summary: Great food, trendy ambiance, awesome place!
This has got to be one of my favorite places in Philly.  Ever since I saw this on Food Network's Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives back in 2010, I knew that I had to head to the place to try out the trendy menu highlighted by Guy Fieri.  Who's ever had a duck pot pie?  Or a buffalo shrimp po' boy?  Even if you have, you need to come here once and learn about it all over again.
Having made this a staple part of my Sunday evening routine last year, I unfortunately had to back off for a while due to other happenings over the past few months.  That being said, a few weeks ago, I was lucky enough to head back there with a few of my good friends.  
The wings - phenomenal.  They have to be one of the best that I've ever had the privilege of tasting.  Yeah, it's a privilege here.  The fries (sweet potato and regular mix) - amazing.  The veggie burger - amazing.  One of my friends ended up having the calamari and the shrimp po' boy, both also fantastic by his admission.  He did mention that the calamari was slightly greasy, but after all, this is a bar.  You need bar food, right?
Honestly, I'm really hard pressed to find something that I don't like about the place.  Maybe the only downside is how crowded it always is...?
Jessica O'Donnell has created a fantastic place right in the heart of Center City Philadelphia, and whether you're a student in Philly, just a regular resident, or just passing through - this should be one of your stops.The Good Dog Bar was a perfect lunch/pre-game spot before Made in America. We had the wings (amazing korean bbq style), magic hat beers and PBR's. And the sweet potato fries were amazing! The waitress was friendly and we will definitely go back when we are in Philly.My daughters  (both under the age of 10) love DD&D and saw this place about a week before we went to Philadelphia and they wanted to go.  The Mac & Cheese was delicious and the truffled cheesesteak empanadas were outstanding.  My wife had the Lavender Collins drink and after quickly consuming 2 pronounced them "Delicious and deadly".  Excellent choice of beers on draught.  We would go again.Went here for lunch on a weekday. Service was great. Loved the dog pictures on the wall. The Good Dog Burger itself was really good, however the fries that came with it was subpar. Maybe I got a batch that was at the end of the bag. However, I will def be coming back.Burgers + beer + dogs = recipe for success
This place is a staple for happy hour among my new coworkers and I finally understand why. Upon walking in, you're met with a typical bar set up (stools, booths, dark atmosphere). However, climbing up to the second floor, you find restaurant tables set up with another bar and the kitchen. The third floor doesn't have a bar, but you will find a pool table and plenty of space for milling about with a group. I was impressed by the draft beer selection for such a seemingly small place, but what really sold me was the burger. Very grateful to my coworkers' peer pressure because I've legitimately dreamt about the Good Dog burger since then. Raclette cheese-stuffed with caramelized onions and crispy fries was the perfect complement to my beers. I can't wait to go back with my crew of coworkers, but maybe we won't sit next to the "Memorial Wall" of pups past...The bf and I have been here a few times before and sat at the bar for a few drinks. They have a good beer list.
Yesterday we decided to try the food. It was packed on a Wednesday night at 8pm so I thought this place would live up to the hype. We ordered the arugula salad, the fried tomato blt and the duck pot pie. 
The arugula salad was just a big bowl of arugula. I expected some additional toppings like at most restaurants but I ate it cuz I was hungry. 
The fried tomato blt was very mediocre, which saddens me because I didn't think anything with bacon could ever be this disappointing. There was way more bread than filling, and the fried tomatoes were tiny and mostly breading. It was really nothing special as I could make a better blt at home. It did come with the mix of sweet potato and yukon gold fries and those were really good. However, the waitress put down what she called chipotle aioli and it was really bland--no chipotle flavor whatsoever. 
My boyfriend loves anything with duck, and he loves pot pie, so the obvious choice for his was the duck pot pie. He barely ate any because it just didn't taste right to him. I 
Maybe it was an off night or maybe there's just too much hype for this place. We left hungry and very disappointed.I'm vegetarian, but can follow meat-eaters here when I want something other than a veggie burger. The macaroni and cheese dish was good -- actually the accompanying blueberry cornbread was amazing, and the mac and cheese was OK.After hearing rave reviews about the burger at Good Dog, I had to give it a try. I went with the Traditional Burger dressed up by some delicious cheddar from the long list of cheese options. While the included fries come as a blend of regular and sweet potato, you can specify only one type - I preferred the regular as the sweet potato ones were a little too dry.We came for the burgers (magazine article said best in the state) and the bar was busy and small, just want you want. Surprisingly (because of the busy and small) we had awesome service with full menu and beers. He even knew about gluten free items for our party. We also had a philly appetizer that was unique. The burger itself wasn't the "best I've ever had" per the article, but it was really good.Just checked this place out tonight and whether you're a purebred or a mutt, you'll want to make the trek to try the amazing food!
Atmosphere - Dog lovers will enjoy the decor, as there is a dog theme throughout the bar and restaurant. Place was very loud when we went, during the NCAA tournament and a Flyers game. Loud music blaring on the 1st floor, 2nd floor is still a little loud, but more geared toward the sit down crowd. 
Service - Bartender and Waitress were really good at getting what we needed right away. Waitress was very understanding even though we had the table in a busy area for about fifteen minutes after we finished eating. Was able to get our drink and food orders right with no issues.
Food - Rated on Triple D from the food network, it is AMAZING! Started with Cheesteak Empanadas and Fried Mozzerella (group of 4). Empandas in truffle oil were absolutely wonderful, so much so, my buddy and I split another order. Mozzerella was good as well with a delicious sauce. If you're going, try their burger! Burgers were fantastic with gooey, melted cheese, caramelized onions, and a delicious bun. Wife and her friend had veggie sloppy joe's which they raved about. We all finished with a brownie sundae for dessert which almost took up the whole plate! This was one of my best experiences of eating in Philadelphia, I WILL be going back REGULARLY!
Intangibles - I would have given five stars except for two things. Located near the Academy of Music, parking and leaving our meals were quite a chore with things going on at the Kimmel. If you're going, try to avoid leaving between 10-10:30, shows let out, and we had to wait for traffic. Bathrooms also needed a little work according to one of my guests. They have take home pint glasses for $3 which were a nice touch to remember a great experience.
Overall - A definite place I will eat in the future when I'm near the Kimmel. Can't wait to go back and try the Duck Pot Pie. To the owners, well done and you're better than advertised. To those who haven't been, GO!, you're going to have some really great quality options.I don't know what's come over me but I have seriously turned into a pub kinda girl... NYC it was all about the snazzy new cocktails i could swing in the half off happy hours (which is like full price philly drinks now) but nonetheless I appreciate the laid back vibe of the philly pub scene.  So Good Dog is great... They have great food and of course a generous selection of brews.  Two of my favorite things at Good dog:  1) The shrine to adorable puppy photos lining the walls; 2) the bangin' burger with the cheese on the inside. love how it just oozes out.. YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!The pictures of puppies might be the biggest thing that keeps me coming back here.
That and the beers on tap. The draft list at Good Dog literally never disappoints and the location is perfect. Smack dab in Center City and close enough to Market to grab a quick lunch during the week.
The burgers are their claim to fame. HUGE, juicy mounds of beef sometimes stuffed with a spicy cheese, other times just topped with cheese, lettuce and tomato. I might have tried 8 other dishes on this menu but none of them seem to compare to the burger. Their fries are awesome too. A mixture of sweet potato and regular served with a hit or miss aioli.
I've tried the grilled cheese, fried tomato BLT sandwich, veggie burger and veggie meatloaf (I think meatloaf) and the duck quesadillas. All of them were just OK. I recently visited for Philadelphia Weekly's holiday party and the appetizers were actually pretty good. Mini pork sliders and the chicken cordon bleu bites were awesome. I also tried my first Crispin there... and my 2nd... and 3rd and 4th.
The upstairs is awesome and if you sit by the window has a great view of 15th. The downstairs gets packed but the tables are huge and they finally removed that awkward bar preventing you from sliding in and out of the benches.
Overall, pretty solid bar with average food (besides the delicious burgers)!I come here as often as I can--it's great for lunch, which is when  I usually meet a friend or two and indulge in the wonderful burger and great beer.  It's just a nice, laid-back, casual, "homey" place where the staff is really nice.  I always feel at home and comfortable at Good Dog, and I love the pictures of all the good dogs on the walls, too.  Good food, good beer, GOOD DOG.You can find me here for happy hour regularly! I think I've tried everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. They always have a great selection of beers and the bartenders are happy to answer my questions and give me suggestions. The only thing I'd like to see change is the size of the mixed drinks.My boyfriend Sam and I saw GDB on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives and since he lives so close we figured that we needed to check it out. We were NOT disappointed. The atmosphere is sort of London pub-y, sans smoke. Dark, close, and intimate - we really liked it. We were seated almost immediately and our server automatically brought us two waters (which I love!) and the specials menu. Although I can't remember his name, he was super helpful (and cute!) and explained the specials and gave us encouragement on the things that we ordered so that we were confident in our choices.
For our appetizer, we ordered the Truffled Cheese Steak Empanadas which were featured on Triple D. For drinks, I ordered a Caramel Apple (Jim Beam, Caramel Monin Syrup,
Sour Mix, Cherry Bitters, Apple Slice) and my boyfriend ordered a Ginger Baker (Goslings Black Seal Rum, Crystalized Ginger, Apple Juice, Orange Bitters). The appetizer came out super fast and super hot and was out of this world good. I don't like truffle oil but I really wanted to try them due to Guy Fieri's endorsement and I was not disappointed. The drinks came up right before the appetizer came out and they were also very good. Sam liked his but thought that it needed a stronger Ginger flavor; I wasn't too crazy about mine but I am not a big alcohol person. I just gave mine to Sam and stuck with my water which was fine with me.
For an entree, I ordered the Good Dog Burger which was 1/2 lb. of house ground sirloin with roquefort cheese and caramelized onions, on a brioche bun. It came with a mix of their potato and sweet potato fries and their house made aioli. I thought my taste buds died and went to heaven - it was that good. At first I wasn't too sure about the roquefort cheese but the more had the better I liked it. It really grew on me and by the time the burger was gone I wanted more. Also - huge portions - I had to take some fries home with me (and they were great cold out of the fridge too!). Sam ordered the Lamb Belly sandwich which consisted of thinly sliced lamb belly brined in red wine, roasted then lightly grilled, topped with oven roasted tomatoes, pickled red onions, arugula & lemon aioli on rosemary focaccia (taken right from their website), also with the same mix of fries and sweet potato fries. His was also amazing; we always trade at least one bite of whatever we have. I wasn't too sure about the pickled red onions but they really complimented the other flavors of the sandwich.
We will definitely come back for more - next time we want to try the Duck Pot Pie and Chicken Cordon Bleu, both of which were also featured on Triple D. Can't wait until the next time - it really was THAT good!Great atmosphere, good selection of beers, and the food was great a different spin on all the menu itemsI love the Good Dog.  I usually go at 5:00 for happy hour.  I've only eaten the drunken hummus with dill, but it is excellent.  They also have Crispin Apple Cider, my favorite beer.  Atmosphere is chill with good tunes on the juke box.  This is my go-to after work bar.Went here on a Tuesday night, party of 2, around 5pm and there was already a decent sized crowd when we got there.  We sat ourselves at a booth and waiter came over for our drink order, our waiter was very attentive throughout our whole meal and there were several food runners that I saw.  We ordered the stuffed burger, the duck pot pie, and cheesesteak empanadas and split it all, overall the food was really good with a lot of different flavors in each dish.  The $1 off of drinks for happy hour didn't hurt either!Good cheap beer and tasty bar food (especially the fries). I wish they had air conditioning on the second floor it kinda took away from the pleasant experience.Good find!! Seated right away, Our server (Kate) was there right away with waters in hand, which was great, because we're not drinkers.  Ordered 3 apps, chicken cordon blue, epananadas, and pierogies, all 3 were delicious.  My son had the mac and cheese, my daughter the lamb meatballs (ask for extra sauce up front) my wife the veggie burger and 2 of us had the good dog burger.  This place knows good food and our service was great.  The veggie burger was flavorful and the texture was that of a true burger.  The good dog was juicy and the cheese inside was great (the bacon add-on never hurts). Mac and cheese with the blueberry cornbread was tasty.  Would recommend this place .  One note, it was a cold night and the front table was like sitting half outside it was freezing, sit further back or upstairs...I'll remember next timeI have been here multiple times. It is always packed. But, I haven't had an issue with the service (with the exception of one of bartenders).
They have me addicted to their fries and cheesesteak empanadas, though the sauce that comes with their cheesesteak empanadas isn't everyone's cup of tea. Their mac and cheese is good, the cornflakes on top gives it a nice and different texture. Their beer brined pork cutlets is great. The chicken tenders cordon bleu is okay, nothing special. Not something I would crave to have again. Only think that I have tried and didn't like was their wings. Basically they bought a bottle of mediocre Korean BBQ marinade sauce from the store and poured it on top of their wings before serving them is what it tastes like to me.
Drink selection is good.Yesterday was my second trip to this savior of a spot in the Rttienhouse Square disctrict of Philly.  I was wandering around for an hour a few nights ago, just wanting a nice divy spot for a beer and was surrounded by these young professional (and older) having "happy hour" at these fancy places around the square, feeling very out of place.  I had been to this place a year ago but couldn't remember where it was and was devasted and defeated.   I called my boy back home and had him google it.  I went the next night. Yay!
First time about a year ago I was introduced to a canned IPA by 21st century brewing at this spot.  My boyfriend and I had not yet seen this phenomenon and were practically sh@%ting outsevles in excitement.  We took pictures of the beer can.  We giddily asked our server for another.  It was heaven. 
then we looked over at the table next to us and saw what looked like incrediably delictable burgers.  Found out they were the Good Dog burger, a patty stuffed with cheese.  Oh my god. We'd just eaten and were prepared to shoot oursevles in the feet (or more helpful, regurgitate previous meal.)  
I love the multiple floors, sorta loud divy feel downstairs, but less noisy options of upstairs.  The bar has a cool set up and feel.  Not sure how to explain it, but walking inside I knew I was home. It reminded me of spots in Portland that feel *safe*. 
My second visit last night had me drinking Caldera IPA in a can, another awesome canned micro, and being presured by my boy across the country to order the burger. I wasn't hungry but I mean, I HAD to.  So I did. For him. For good burger lovers everywhere.  Boy am I glad I did.  
First I LOVE that its served with a mix of regular fries and sweet potatoe fries.  Both awesome.  Love sweet potatoe fries.  The burger was huge and the fact that it was filled with cheese was what made it *special*.  Otherwise the flavors were a little strange.  I don't remember the type of cheese, but it was a stinky blue type (which I love) but didn't quite go with the french onion soup tasting onions on the burger.  The aoli type dipping sauce had good flavor.  It's certainly worth trying....  
Any and every time I visit Philly, I am coming to this bar.  I haven't yet gotten drunk here, so that will have to be in order for the next visit. And definitely some more of those fries. 
Thank you for existing in this otherwise ritsy (?) section of city.Good Dog Bar is a small cozy place located in Center city with a reputation for a great burger and decently priced drinks. Their menu has a nice fusion element to it which made for some surprising combinations. However, we decided to go traditional with the Good Dog burger as this is why we heard about them in the first place.  The burger was juicy and hit the spot. The bacon was crispy and thick. The side of fries was a combination of kennebec and sweet potato which was amazing as sweet potato fries alone can get a little sweet by the end of it. Accompanied with the meal, they had a dank sauce which I'm not really sure what it was. They had a good selection of beer which gave us plenty to choose from and helped deal with the HUGE "snowstorm" that day. The service was a little slow when we went, but I know this is not the norm as they are able to handle larger crowds pretty well. The only reason I gave them four stars is due to the price for extra sides and toppings which ended up making the meal more expensive than we wanted. We enjoyed the overall experience though and if youre in the area and looking for a cozy little bar with some great food and drinks, this is your place.I stopped in for lunch and had a great time. The atmosphere is great, the staff were friendly, and the food was great. If I lived in Philly I would be back for happy hour.The food was good.  I wouldn't say it was the best I've had, but good.  The atmosphere was fun, old tavern bar.  Wooden booths and seats, felt like you just stepped back in time.The food here is really good, and is priced reasonably for Center City. I had the Duck pot pie, it was really savory, Flaky crust and filling. My friend had the BBQ salmon Sand which, she said the salmon was perfect and the piece of fish was entree size at sand which price. a couple of brown nut lagers, and home by 11Pm...great place on weeknight, bet it gets mobbed on weekends, but the upstairs probably helps.so i must say i went to this joint because it was featured on the food network, and i was not impressed. we ordered three apps, the cheesesteak empanadas, the calamari, and the chicken quesadilla. the empanadas werent that good and the dipping sauce was worst, the calamari was edible good breading dipping sauce a little to sweet but ok and the quesadilla was horrible flavorless and expensive. the service was ok though.Don't even remember what day of the week I ended up here with a group of friends.  Food was pretty darn good and the other liked the beer.
The Good Dog burger is recommended.  It comes with potato and sweet potato fries mixed together... cool!Everything I have ever ordered from Good Dog has been delicious.  Menu musts are the good dog burger (cooked medium so the cheese inside stays semi-solid) and the cheesesteak empanadas.  The only downside is that the place is small and tends to be crowded (even on weekdays).Went back to Good Dog for the first time in awhile.  Ordered my favorite - brisket grilled cheese.  However, this time I was vastly disappointed.   What had formerly been a big delicious grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with brisket, was this time a wimpy sandwich with a tiny bit of cheese and a limited amount of watery meat.  Luckily for the Good Dog, I live around the corner and will probably be back at some point.  However had I made a special trip there after all the recent publicity, I would definitely not go back.Great handmade burgers, love the mixed fries(sweet potato and regular), nice beer list and even better prices($1 off HH). Great downtown find. Cheers!Awwwww yeah people!  A few yelpers descended upon the Good Dog last night and good times were had. 
I didn't get the Duck Pot Pie as I said I would on my next visit simply because I don't think my body can take any more poultry at this point. So I detoxed with the Good Dog Burger again and it was better than the first time! So effing good, and the fries were fresh and crisp this time as well so extra star!
Once again, the jukebox rocked as before. This time getting my head bobbing to Stephen Malkmus, 2pac, and Spoon in a row...I like it.
I like you, good dog. Sit. Stay!You're insane if you don't get dinner while you're here. The duck pot pie is crazy good.Finally made it here after seeing it on Food Network!  
Had the Duck Pot Pie.  It was...ok.  It needed more flavoring/seasoning.  The accompanying salad was ok.  Friend had the burger, it was huge!  Drinks were good, our waitress was good.  
This place was ok.Good beer selection (as you'll find most places in this city) and a nice atmosphere.  The food, in my opinion, is just okay, but a lot of that probably has to do with the fact that I don't like sweet potato fries (and I feel like fries can make or break a place).  I will say that the cornbread is DELICIOUS (and only a buck-fifty to boot)!We finally checked this place out last Friday. We got there around 5 and grabbed a booth on the ground floor, which worked out well because the place filled up soon after. The place isn't much to look at, but the beer selection was great and the food was really good. The hummus was excellent, as were the cheesesteak empanadas. I found the duck pot pie good but too much of the same thing after a while. My wife loved the mac and cheese.
We'll definitely be back. This place a great spot to hang out.This place is great. Officially my favorite bar in Philly. Not a sports bar at all, but was still able to watch hockey game. Good beer selection, great vibe. 
Had the burger for dinner, which was really good and original (stuffed with cheese).
As far as music, P-Funk was playing when we walked in, which was great. However, by the time we left (several hours later) really bad 80s music had come on. Kinda got annoying but not a big deal.  
And the place is covered with pics of dogs which is cool. 
Great place. just go.Friendly staff, good food, greasy lunch bites. No complaints.  Bring a scarf, the fans are efficient.Nice dive bar.  Warm dark interior.  Friendly good looking crowd.  Nice sophisticated cocktails, or cheap cold beer.  Cheers to that.  Awesome duck pot pie.  Bud liked his mac-n-cheese with blueberry cornbread.  Close to everything.  Win-win.  Classy bartenders in that perfect divey bar way.  Since I like dogs more than I like most people, there was something extra comforting being surrounded by cool dog-stuff.  If you happen to be a dog person, definitely hit up the 2nd floor "dog bar" at Steven Starr's "The Dandelion" on S 18th.  The polar opposite of dive bar (see separate review) - but a dog lovers comfort station for adult libations and food.  I say hit up both spots.  Woof.Good food, fun atmosphere, great Beer selection. Plus, they were on the food network. What more can you ask for?Very divey. the food is good. The staff is.......reasonable. I feel like this is another place if you know them you are probably getting way better service than if you are a normy coming in from the outside world. The two guys besides us got this lovely conversation from the bartender who just like of looked at us like we were people made of solvent green. was he nice when we had him, yes. will we be back...absolutely.i like going to the good dog on wednesdays for they have half price cans of beer including my favorite, boddingtons!! their burger is really good too, topped with fried onions and injected with roquefort cheese. yum!We went here on a suggestion from locals and all I can say is amazing! The service, food, and atmosphere was fantastic!As a place to hang out for drinks, Good Dog is PACKED on weekends.  As in, you won't be able to find a place to sit, and possibly won't be able to find a place to stand, at least on the first two floors.  On the third floor, you might, but there is no bar there.  If you go on a slightly more off-time, PLEASE order one of the yummy Good Dog burgers with melted cheese inside the patty.  Healthy, no.  Scrumptious, oh yes.Our waitress kept our beers coming quickly and we did not have to wait long to get our food. I got a piece of blueberry cornbread from the sides menu for an appetizer and it was delicious: moist, with just the right amount of sweetness from the blueberries. I wanted to get the burger with the cheese inside, but I only eat red meat well done and the waitress said if I got that burger well done, all the cheese inside would cook out anyway, so I might as well get a regular burger, which I did. I am not a huge fan of red meat so I rarely get burgers but was in the mood for one, and it was good by my inexperienced standards. The best part of it was the combination regular potato/sweet potato french fries. They tasted fresh and homemade, not too greasy, with just salt and pepper sprinkled on. They made the whole trip worthwhile! Also they had the Phillies game on multiple TVs, so how could the meal not have been good?I was in Philadelphia for work and ended up eating dinner here on two consecutive nights due to a series of events. I usually like to try different places when I travel but I didn't mind going back here. First this is a "dive". It's not fancy it's not a place to impress a date if that's what you're about the food is really good and I recommend this place at least once in your visit. The first night I had the good dog burger which is stuffed with Roquefort cheese. This is one the best burgers I've ever had, easily top three I've ever had in my life. The beef itself was delicious and I could have had it plain. It is stuffs with Roquefort cheese and it adds the perfect flavor contrast and tang - i also added bacon because I love bacon on everything. The beef and bacon are locally sourced and both awesome. The fries it comes with were average but it didn't matter, my focus was the burger. The bartender was also super cool and I enjoyed the conversation. The second night I had the mussels, another of my favorite dishes, which were average. I also had the empanadas - these were really good. The flavor of the filling is phenomenal, my only complaint is that perhaps there is too much dough and not enough filling. Totally recommend trying this place, it won't disappoint.Good Dog is now one of my favorite bars in Philadelphia. I've been a number of times and consistently am satisfied.
I spend very little time at the downstairs bar, to be honest, and head to the second floor to order my beverages. I take said beverages to the third floor, where the pool table and dart board are stationed.
Sometimes I get one of their burgers. I think the one called 'Good Dog' is in my top three burgers in Philly. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys meat and cheese. It comes with their signature sweet/regular potato fries mix.
An awesome spot to relax in the afternoon.Was going to go to Max Brenner for dinner but it was a 45min wait so I decided to come here since the rating was pretty good. The atmosphere was good but not the food. I usually check the yelp reviews before going to a place so I can try their most utterly amazing dishes and yelp reviews have failed me. Wings for $14 dollars?? Are you otta your mind? Would never order it If my bf didn't love wings. The menu says there's 10 pieces, yeah there was, except it was ten small pieces that was dry and not good.
 The bf got the good dog burger $12.50 because I told him it was the most popular. Sorry,  guess I was wrong cause he didn't like it. If it made him feel any better, the duck pot pie $17 was .......... Um.... Refund please! Portion or the duck and filling were small compared to the crust that surrounded the ramekin. the crust was hard and covered half the portion of the meal.  When my pie arrived, it was still cold on the inside. After bringing the pie in for rebake, the server didn't come over at all until my food got reheated. He gave us the check after and I looked pissed and didn't make eye contact so he took off the beer that I ordered. Don't think that justifies anything. 
This place is overpriced and overrated. I would give it 0 stars if I could. If anything..... The server was friendly before I told him my food was cold.Great spot to grab a drink & hang out with friends! The mussels are fantastic! The beer selection could be larger.The prickle back was weirdly good. Our servers were great that tomato dipping sauce for the fries is amazing. I had the bahn mi. Recommend if you're in philly!I like Good Dog!  However one important warning:   BE CAREFUL EATING THEIR BURGERS!  The burger we ordered was filled with juicy goodness - to juicy.  My buddy bit into his big ole juicy burgher and projectiled burger juice all over me and the table.  Pretty funny hahaha - but I have to say I did not enjoy burger spooge all over me the rest of the day.  Also the waitress was pretty darn good as well.  Go enjoy get a burger and then watch the people get smashed at the bar.  :)I visited Good Dog as part of my quest to eat all of the good food and drink all of the good beer in Philly in one weekend.  (Obviously, that's unpossible, but I like to try!)
I loved the environment. I'm an aging punk rocker and it's always great to see people with Misfits shirts and tattoos filling a place.  At the same time, since it was 2pm on a Saturday, there was a family with a small child there and it totally wasn't out of place.  
The ambiance was cool, including a great mix of music playing.  As you might expect, there were tons of pictures of dogs on the wall.  Apparently Good Dog has a dog photo contest every year, and these appeared to be the entrants.  
The beer list was solid, but not as extensive as I might've hoped.  I think there were about 10 beers on top and a handful of bottles and cans.  I usually expect a bit more selection from someplace when I am looking for a true beer bar, but the things they do have are solid choices.
I kept hearing about how good the burgers were.  I was kind of disappointed to see they actually only had 2 meat burgers on the menu.  Since I'm not a fan of "stinky" cheeses, I didn't opt for the burger stuffed with Roquefort.  My friend did get it and liked it, but said it wasn't MIND BOGGLING.  I got the regular burger and had a similar reaction.  The fries are a mixture of regular fries and sweet potato fries - which is good if you like sweet potato fries, but I don't.  I did love that they brought out aioli for the fries automatically though.  
The service was pretty good in the beginning, but our server kind of disappeared around the time we were getting ready to leave.  It wasn't a big deal, but we did wait for our check for about 10-15 minutes.  
Overall, Good Dog didn't live up to the hype for me, but I wouldn't mind going back.I'm not a big dog person (I relate more to the quiet contemplation that cats seem to possess) so the whole canine motif of Good Dog didn't warm the cockles of my heart like it does for some people. But don't fret; this is no Chuck E. Cheese for pup lovers. It just so happens that it's a great bar that serves some kick-ass food.
I found myself here recently with a group of yelpers who sang Good Dog's praise, and now I know why. The menu is awesome (filled with sandwiches and such) and the portions are humongous. I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with fries and ended up feasting on it for lunch the next day, too. Bonus points for a good jukebox!
There are two floors, but that night the upstairs was closed for a private event. Can't wait to check it out again and throw some darts (for fun and sport, not at people. Maybe at loud dogs, though. Just kidding.).Somehow this place mistakenly got on the food network. It's terrible. Soup out of a can, lousy fries, greasy sandwiches. Go elsewhere yelpers. Whatever you heard about this place being great for vegetarians was all lies. It's only attractive to people who lack taste buds.First time here in Philly... love this place. Anything below 5 stars is an insult. Great people, amazing food, and awesome drinks.As a single lady I enjoy a little eye candy when I'm at a bar.  Not much of that going on in Good Dog, but that's not the reason for the bad review.  Maybe it's just me, but I've been to this place a few times and I don't get what the fuss is about and why it's so loved.  The food is awful.  I've had the cheesesteak empanadas: disgusting.  And the sauce to dip them in? Gross.  Last time I was there was on Tuesday night because we were hungry and 1 of the people in my group of 6 said we HAD to go there.  I told him I'm not a fan, but I didn't wanna be a Debbie Downer so I reluctantly agreed.  He ordered the quesadilla, which looked like dog food (maybe that's what they're going for due to the name?) and the buffalo shrimp.  Not impressed with either but I wasn't paying for the apps, so what did I care?  I ordered the grilled cheeses which comes with cheddar, swiss, bacon, and apple.  Can't screw up a grilled cheese, right? Wrong.  Absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  The fries seemed stale and hard, and the chipotle aioli had no flavor.  I'm not gonna pack on pounds for nothin!   Needless to say I didn't eat it.  Jillian Michaels doesn't kick my ass every morning for me to ingest those tasteless calories!
With my disgusting spiked arnold palmer (Jack & lemonade) that I didn't drink and my flavorless grilled cheese, I somehow managed to pay nearly $30.  WHA??? HUH???
If I want GOOD food and beer I'll stick to Bishop's.Fantastic Food and Staff here.
Went in for latenight bar food on a weeknight just because it was nearby and still open.   Ended up staying, eating and drinking way longer and more gluttonously than planned because the I had to have second order of their fries...and another round of drinks to go w/the fries...and wings to go with those drinks...etc.etc.  The staff is great--friendly and fun and fast.
Their fries (mixture of savory and sweet) are the best thing to happen to potatoes in Philly:)Great bar with high quality food.  You would never expect the food to be so great when just looking at the front of it.  I love that the bar is small and is pretty much a hidden treasure.  The food is quality and it comes fast.  The Buffalo Shrimp is delicious and wow they give you a lot.
The house aioli is killer too.  I put that on everything.'Are you eating?' Was the greeting we received from the extremely unpleasant server.  We had seated ourselves less than a minute before so needed a minute maybe to look everything over.  She abruptly left the table.
When she came back I jokingly asked her if the $17 beef tacos were an April fools joke and got a gruff response.  
So we decided to take a check instead and eat elsewhere.  Give me a break with your rude service and overpriced tacos good dog is not THAT good. Bad dog.Still my favorite burger in philly. Good drinks and fun pictures of dogs. Go see Shari when she is working, sweetest and most attentive server in the joint.Is it me or has the food quality slipped over the last year?
Last week I stopped in for my old standby:  the Good Dog burger topped with caramelized onions and gruyere cheese.  Burger was as good as ever and was cooked to my medium rare specifications.  But the accompanying fries (mix of Yukon and sweet potato) were SO not fresh it really killed the meal for me and really made me ask myself why I'm paying $12.50 for a burger and fries in a pub.
Service remains friendly and laid back, in a "need anything, dude?" kinda way.  Glad that hasn't changed.Been there twice now. First time was a burger, which was very good. Second time was Memorial Day, which I appreciated them being open for lunch. Wings and banh mi sandwich. Wings were above average, but the sandwich didn't meet my love of banh mi. Not their fault, as they are a pub, not a Vietnamese bakery. 
Service has been great and beer selection is unique. Just a warning, pretty cramped space, if you have more than 3-4 people, chances are you are not sitting together.I love Good Dog so much that I painted it! http://achagallery.wordpress.com/gallery/art-028/
But for real, this is always one of my first suggestions when people want to do a chill happy hour in center city.  They have great food - I'd recommend the Veggie Cake (it's a veggie burger...), and the fries are awesome too (half sweet potato fries/half regular)!  They have a decent beer-line up of things on tap, and Wednesday nights is half price cans.  Nice atmosphere too - cozy with red walls and black&white photographs of dogs everywhere!The menu was greatly diverse, almost too "poppy" for its own good. The food was good, I wouldn't say it was anything out of this world. Would I go back? I won't say no, but I'm also not going out of my way to get there. I guess that dogs covering the wall make for a pretty unique atmosphere, so it does have that!Good Dog Bar seems to be a restaurant that wants to stand apart from the regular bar scene. Their food seems adventurous, and they have a trademark french fry mix of sweet potatoes and Yukon gold that comes with an aioli sauce. Their signature burger is stuffed with roquefort, and is a real mouthful. They have a great selection of local stuff on tap, and the usual fare in bottle/can. But, most importantly, the staff is amazingly friendly, and seem to want to share their favorite food and beer choices with new customers. The customers range from hipster to business to tourist, and they all mix in a surprisingly attractive design of a bar. The music (at least when I was there) was a jukebox mix of late 50's to early 60's pop. If I lived in Philadelphia, I'd go at least once a week to try something new.Came here with my buddy James before going to see Kevin Hart tonight. The food was INCREDIBLE. Keep up the good work, and I'll definitely be back with more of my friends. NJ is not to far for food like this. you guys are awesome. 1000 starsThe good dog burger with that aioli sauce is perfection!  The service is great and the dive-bar atmosphere is home-y and quite charming.The problem with this place is the bartender if your not a girl he will ignore you, I even placed an order for drinks and he wandered off and started serving some other ladies down at the opposite end of the bar. I do not recommend this place unless you have a woman to order drinks for you.Down & dirty hipster bar in Philly. Some would call it a dirt bar or a dive. But, very comfortable; felt like the Philly bars of my youth. Different though, due to the great selection of local craft beers and decent eclectic pub grub. Things have gentrified a bit. Met friends for dinner. Sat in the back on the first floor.At 7:30 AM I receive a text from my parents, " you've got to try Good Dog Bar. We saw it on Triple D." Asian parents. They're so silly. Anyways, I was told to eat the duck pot pie and the empanadas since they were featured on the show. Surprisingly, I found myself 2 blocks from this place later that day and decided to drop in. It's an easy place to miss if you don't know where you're going. There's a convenient sign with a dog collar outside so you should be able to see it if you keep your eyes peeled... or taped open.
It's a nice little bar (dive?). Pictures of random dogs every where. I guess that's fitting decor! You sit down anywhere (it's limited!) and then someone comes to serve you. Service was great. Tried the wings, roast chicken and the duck pot pie. Wings were delicious. Could have more of those. The duck pot pie was good, but wasn't OMG I CAN DIE NOW good. But for a personal size pie, it cost me $15 I think. shocking. 
Food was good, but expensive. Should I have expected that? I dunno. You can try it if you like, but nothing really wowed me about it.The food, drinks, and service were good. The bouncer was rude. He used profanities with us completely unnecessarily as we were leaving. I'm not sure why they have someone like that greeting their customers as they come and go. Otherwise, the place was great. It was a shame that our visit was tarnished by that creep.One of the best burgers in Philly, hands down.
Came here three times.  Realized on the second time that there's three floors, which is a nice surprise.  If you wanna eat, it's best to sit on the second floor which is more of a dining area.  
Ordered the Good Dog roquefort-stuffed burger, promptly died, and went to heaven. Not only was it big enough to feed two people, but it literally melted in my mouth like butter. The roquefort oozes out of the center of the burger and the sweet potato fries on the side served with an aioli sauce paired so well with it.  $12.50 for a burger might seem a bit pricy, but trust me when I say it's entirely worth it. My friends also tried the cheesesteak empanadas (featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives) and the veggie burger.  Both were pleased with their choices.
There's different drink specials each night.  I think the one we got was some $3 cans deal and I got Strongbow at a discounted price, which was nice.  They have a pretty good selection of craft beers on tap, too.  Also, one night, we racked up close to a fifty dollar tab and when I got my check, the bartender had hooked me up and only charged me for the food, so our bill was only $26. Mistake or not, it was a nice surprise.
Overall, if you're looking for a hole in the wall place to drink good beer and eat delicious food at moderate prices, this is the place to go.This place rocks. The drunken hummus is great and both the vegan burger and the vegan sloppy joe are amazing. Oh, but the winner is the beer! They have such an awesome beer selection and the staff are friendly and accommodating. I also enjoy that this place is a more hipster-y, local crowd and doesn't seem to attract the douche-baggery that many other Center City bars tend to attract! Getting a table on a weekend evening can be tricky, but the wait is generally not too long, just put your name in and grab a brewskie at the bar!First thing I noticed when I went to the Good Dog Bar was the distinct smell of bleach.  I understand that they're trying to be clean, but at least air the place out after everything is wiped down.  The bleach smell was an immediate turn off.  The service was very good. The food, honestly, I do not see what all the hype is about.  Is it because this place was on "Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins?"  Because it's if that's the case, then Guy Fieri must have been desperate or paid to feature this place on his show.  I ordered the brisket grilled cheese.  There wasn't anything specifically wrong with it.  I believe it was fresh, it was well-prepared, but it was just a grilled cheese w/brisket - nothing special, and it wasn't even very good tasting, it was rather bland.  The fries were fresh, and the appetizers - breaded, fried peppers and cheesesteak empanadas - were OK, but the dips that accompanied these items were ice cold.  My dining partner ordered the burger and claimed it was good, but again, nothing special.  The other thing, I order a Coke or Pepsi with my meal, and whatever it was, it was NOT Coke or Pepsi.  First of all, it was flat, and second it tasted like some generic brand cola.  Overall, there's nothing special here, but there is a lot of hype.  If you're looking to drink, then you'll probably like this place, but if  getting something good to eat is your goal, you might want to look elsewhere.Good dog is a nice, relaxed place to get a beer and a burger.  They always have something interesting on tap, and the service has always been friendly.  I try to stay on the second floor, in order to get a table and some food.  
I tried the Good Dog Burger (stuffed with blue cheese and topped with caramelized onions on a brioche bun).  This is a pretty good, messy, burger.  I like the brioche bun and the onions, I could have done with some lettuce and tomato on the burger though.  
The fries weren't so great.  It was a mix of sweet potato and white potato fries, the fries were shriveled as spongy.  I left most of them on the plate.  
Good Dog can get pretty crowded, I usually end up here later in the evening, when it starts to thin out a bit.  
I would like to go back to try the duck pot pie.A pretty neat bar. We got the shrimp tacos off of the specials menu and grilled chicken sandwich. The shrimp tacos are very mediocre but the sandwich was awesome!Good Dog looks like any other been-there-a-while, let's-grab-a-beer bar.
EXCEPT.
The food is WAY more interesting and WAY better than you'd expect.
I had the Buffalo Shrimp Po' Boy and absolutely loved it! The seafood was fresh, the sauce was tangy, and the dressing was delish. It was topped with celery sprouts, which I somehow loved even though I hate celery. My bf had the Good Dog Burger. He really liked the burger itself but found the Roquefort cheese a bit too strong for his liking, and he didn't eat most of it. 
Our waiter was attentive but laidback, which was perfect, and when the kitchen confused a detail of our order, he made sure we got an order of Signature Fries right away. I can't say enough about the sweet potato fries. They're probably the best I've ever had. And the dipping sauce was perfect. My bf, however, preferred the regular fries. There were so many that we probably only finished half the bowl.
Though I loved the food, I am deducting a star because of the bathrooms. They're not terrible, but they're a definite reminder that I'm in an old bar instead of a modern gastropub.One star for the miserable sack of crap day time bartender.  If you hate your life and job so much either quit or kill yourself, asshole.  I'm here to enjoy a beverage not deal with your lame "I aged too fast and regret my tattoos" emotional projections.  
Otherwise, not a bad place.  Try the good dog salad.there is little to say that hasn't already been said in the other 115 reviews...so i'll try to keep this brief. i LOVE this place! and no, not just because photos of my pup adorn its walls...tho i would never want my baby on the wall of a less than fabulous establishment, that's for sure! and it's not like he won the annual dog photo contest (outrage!) or perhaps then i'd be a bit biased. so much for keeping this brief... aaaaanyway....
i'm not gonna talk about the superb selection of beers on tap or the fact that GD has quite possibly the best jukebox in center city. this review is all about the FOOD...from a vegetarian's perspective, of course.
for starters, us veggies have OPTIONS...i like options. less so for vegans, tho they do offer a few. there is always a featured quiche, pizza and cobbler of the day....and 9 times out of 10, the quiche (which comes with a side of mixed greens) is veg, i order it, and i love it. 
my absolute fave dish is the veggie cake sandwich which kicks the ass of any veggie burger i have ever consumed! as if it wasn't tasty enough on its own, it comes topped with beet chips for that perfect added crunch reminiscent of my high school days when i snacked on bagels with cream cheese & cool ranch doritos. crap, i hope that doesn't negate any respect i may have had...i swear i have discriminating taste!!
all sandwiches come with a side of the to-die-for fries. as much as i am a sucker for sweet potato fries...i am also obsessed with goat cheese, and so for an extra $2 i opt to upgrade to a more than ample side of the good dog salad instead (which also includes dried cranberries & almonds). fyi, it's only $1 to upgrade to the mixed greens. 
other GD veg dishes i have enjoyed to the last finger lickin/plate scrapin bite: goat cheese & beet salad (that's right - TWO salads with goat cheese!) // fried mozz // artichoke dip // mediterranean wrap // grilled cheese sans bacon // baked mac n cheese. see? options :) unfortunately, the dipping trio (which used to rotate fillings much like the empanadas) disappeared from the menu about a year ago or so. i keep dreaming that it will reappear one day as i LOVED (x3) those phyllo cups of yum! here's hoping someone at good dog is reading this and wants to make a gal's dream come true.......please?I was thankful they were open at 1230a with food because I was starving, BUT that is about it. The server was busy enough with a rush of ppl before the kitchen closed that it too forever to get things from her. The draft list looked okay, but nothing that I hadn't had a bunch of times. The food was seriously not good. I was given a stale bun, but the idea of trying to flag the server down was too much (I was exhausted.), so I just ate the veggie patty (which I got instead of meat because I could tell I didn't want their meat). The patty was a little soggy and seemed to be from frozen. The fried green tomatos were soggy. Why so soggy? Seriously, one if the worst things food could be called. So, why not one star? I like the dog pictures on the wall. We are dog people.Everything about this place is great, except for the service.  I love the bartender, but sometimes he can be in an angry mood, but I'm sure dealing with idiots all day would put everyone in bad mood.
The one hostess is just a straight up bitch, and thinks way too holy of herself.  Shes just a hostess, she needs to realize that.  
Food is great though, and I still tipped 20% because you can't hate on a server just cause the bartender and hostess are mad at the world.
Overall, this isn't the only bar with dim lighting and 80s metal, so they should stop acting like they are unique and different.Ordinary food, busy bar, small rooms, not good for long meaningful talks, but fun environment.I love the black and white pictures of dogs everywhere on the first floor.  I'm not so sure about the second floor, I've always had a better experience on the first floor - weird?
Seriously,  Bring back the steak option on your good dog salad.  I crave that salad.  Shrimp, Chicken and Crispy Calamari just don't cut it.  I thought about asking my server if the chef would cook it up for me if I brought my own steak. This time (as you can see in my picture) I got shrimp.  Meh.  I felt the same about the calamari last time.  Whats a girl got to do for a nice piece of meat!
Mixed fries with the sauce are super good.  
Mac and Cheese is a great blend of cheese with and awesome Mac to Cheese ration.  The cornflakes on top rock - I'm starting to try that on my own from home.  They add a nice plus to them.
The blueberry cornbread is (in you mind) a great sounding side, but it was a little dry.
I gotta find how to get a picture of my friend's dog up there.... does anyone know how?Go-to bar in Center City.  Burger + Fries = Money.  Good beer selection, good happy hour, never really packed, always friendly staff, good Philly crowd, TV's... there isn't much this place is missing.The service was great. I found the beer offerings to be limited. Had the duck pot pie. The filling had an odd taste to me and was really thick not saucy. The crust was way too thick and not flakey. The duck meat itself was yummy. Glad we tried it but its just not for us.Food coma due to Good Dog burger and the Left Coast Asylum Tripel.
Love sitting a the bar or window table downstairs.  Lunch is best because it's not too crowded; this place is small and feels mobbed anytime after 4pm, kindda ruins the experience for me.
One of the best burgers in the city: roquefort and caramelized onions with a brioche bun is the burger I would make at home (except I may use lamb).
Today the burger was a little too medium RARE for me and I'm usually game for that. The brioche bun, fries and aioli were delicious though as usual.  
My sidekick ordered the Thai Pork sandwich and was pleased.  It had a kick to it, don't let the shredded carrots fool you.I heard so much about their cheese-filled burger that this place quickly became top of my to-try list. I actually walked past this place twice while actively looking for it... and I'm not that bad with directions! 
Snuggled amongst bigger buildings and wallpapered with dog pictures on the inside, this unassuming divey gem did not disappoint. My favorite order has been their good dog burger with the mixed sweet potato/regular fries and the aoili. Scrumptious. Cheesy goodness oozes from the perfectly cooked patty with each bite and the fries are crisped to perfection and delicately complimented by the addictive aoili. I've also tried the salmon burger, the cheesesteak empanadas appetizer, and the duck pot pie. The latter two were featured on Guy Fieri's Food Network Show. Prices are not the cheapest, but you do leave satisfied. I can never finish their burgers or their fries, which gives my toaster oven something to look forward to at home. Upstairs is a nice pool table/arcade/bar hang out perfect for the busy restaurant nights that you need distraction from your anxious, growling stomach.Having had a rather busy day at work, I was so happy to be able to sit right down, order myself a hard cider, and take a load off!  My girl got a flatbread pizza with a [rather large] side of fries, which we ended up sharing, and I settled on the baked mac 'n cheese, which came with a delicious blueberry cornbread.  There was New Wave music playing, which definitely earns this bar brownie points, but it was a tad too loud, what with everyone talking and the radio being on at full blast...the one thing I hate most is shouting over all that noise.  Regardless, the waitstaff was prompt and attentive and we left rather full! I would definitely come back, but only with other people!I've now paid several visits to this place, and I feel confident in giving it a four-star review.
The bar itself is exactly my kind of place.  Plays decent music, the beer is decently priced, and they have a good selection.  They don't carry a ton of beers, but the selection rotates at a healthy pace and they always have a good variety.  
The food is pretty good.  I've had the duck pot pie and the mac and cheese (I love rich foods that are terrible for me), both of which were pretty good.  The pot pie could use a little more flavor, and I'm thinking the mac and cheese would be outrageous if they added some ham.  The wings are great, the sauce isn't too spicy and they are well-cooked.  We had the chicken fingers cordon bleu once, and we weren't too impressed, but they were decent.  Just not something I'd strongly recommend.
The service is also decent.  The first time we ate there, the hostess told us the wait would be about 45 minutes.  We grabbed beers and waited on the third floor, where there was plenty of room to stand (I hate feeling smushed against a wall and getting banged into every 3 seconds, so this is a great thing for me).  We played a few video games, and I don't think we had to wait for more than 20-25 minutes.
The only issue I've had is that if you sit on the second floor, you get hit with the worst draft I've ever experienced from a door.  The wind just goes up the stairs and smacks you on the second floor.  So I recommend that if it's a cold night, you ask that they give you a table that's not too drafty.  
Overall, the experience has been very good and the food has been enjoyable.  The menu is varied enough that there's plenty to choose from, and I'm confident that anything you get will be good.This place was packed on Friday night and now I understand why! Waiting at the downstairs bar while our table was being prepared. The cocktail of the night was very good - not too sweet and you couldn't taste the alcohol in it.
For dinner I ordered the traditional burger. The meat was very juicy and tender and all the greens on top were fresh and crunchy. Our server was super nice and we had a great laugh with her.
The rest of my table enjoyed the wings that they ordered and we all agreed that Good Dog is a fun place for food and drinks.Excellent food, great service. If you want a more layed back vibe than most of the bars in this particular area, Good Dog Bar is the place to go. The beer selection was generous, and had some great craft beers to choose from. I went with my go-to Allagash White $7. But our waiter Will, made some great selections for others in my party, which they all enjoyed. (Might I add, he was a great waiter.) 2 of us went with the Brisket Grilled Cheese $12- braised Brisket, BBQ sauce and White cheddar grilled on sourdough bread. Omg I'm drooling just thinking about it. And it came with French fries and sweet potato fries mixed together. What?!? I've never seen this. But I LOVED this! I will definitely be back, and you should stop in and experience this magic :)Mmmmm
100 times yummier than I thought it would be!
Good Dog doesn't look like much from the outside or the inside but don't be fooled- their food is yummy!  Good Dog is good food without the frills (and I mean no frills).
We ordered the Chicken Quesadillas as an appetizer and they were on our table within 5 minutes. They were the best quesadillas I have had in a LONG time.
I had the Shrimp Po Boy and it was pretty darn good. My friend had the Thai Pork and it was very unique and tasty.
Service was great and I will definitely be back!
My only complaint was the price of the quesadillas ($9.50) for the portion size we received. I don't mind paying $9.50 for good food but they could have given us a bit more on the plate.Get the Good Dog burger. Two word: truffled cheddar. I have never had a better burger.I've been to Good Dog three times now, and can tell you with the utmost confidence to please go somewhere else.
The first time, about 3 months ago, I went for lunch on a empty Saturday afternoon... This was the most pleasant experience I had, as the wait staff only had a few other tables to attend to. The food was just okay, I had to keep telling myself that bar food is never that great anyway... right?
My boyfriend had the burger that everyone raves about, and he wasn't too impressed with the "jucy lucy" style patty. I tried it as well, and I'd only suggest it if you are a fan of bleu cheese and thoroughly cooked burgers.
Second time, about a month ago, I went with a friend to watch the Eagles... No food this time, strictly beers. This time with a full bar, the downstairs waitstaff was competent but slightly unfriendly... ok fine, we are in Philly.
The third time was the last time.
I met some friends in the upstairs hall for dinner. We all ordered beers and a bunch of appetizers. I ordered the artichoke dip and had to send it back. It was more lemon juice than anything else, and the pitas they used were burnt. One of my friends ordered the hot wings, which he couldn't finish as they were too hot for human consumption. The only good thing that we ordered were the cheesesteak empanadas. It's like they had another chef make them and ship them to Good Dog.
When we were done, we tried to get our check... This was an exercise in futility. At first, I asked nicely and was totally ignored. Then another one of my friends asked nicely, and was told "In a minute". A few minutes after that, we all put our coats on (trying to hint to the waiter that we wanted to go). Still being ignored, the waiter passed us by again and said to another table that we were being assholes.
Never again Good Dog, never again.Everything I have ever ordered here has been really well done. But if you are looking for the best item you have to go with the Good Dog Burger. It is stuffed with cheese before cooking and absolutely to die for. I have a friend who demands we eat one every time he is in town. 
Quizzo once a week. Two floors, better to eat on the second (less bar atmosphere).My bro was just raving about this place, and you know what? Eh. Eh - meaning it didn't leave a great impression on me. I ordered the their burger (with caramelized onions), and I think the onions killed the burger. I also tried my brother's beer battered pork chop with baked beans. Kudos on the pork chop, but I almost OD on the salty beans. But overall, it's an okay bar. 
*the area has changed a lot. Very freaking trendy.Good Dog Bar has so many tasty dishes. The buffalo shrimp po boy is always a go to, so are the cheesesteak empanadas or the pot pie. My #1 food choice here is the burger though.
The Good Dog ($12.50) burger consists of 1/2 lb of beef, ground in house, stuffed with roquefort cheese, topped with caramelized onions, and served on a brioche bun. I ordered my burger medium rare, and it was cooked nicely--temperature was spot on. The blue cheese inside the burger not only kept it moist, but also oozed out when I cut my burger in half. The onions weren't too sweet, but gave the sandwich a nice change in texture. They were soft, but still chewy. The bun was a bit dense, but absorbed a lot of the burger juice. The sandwich didn't need any ketchup since the burger was so juicy. 
The burger came with a large side of mixed regular potato and sweet potato fries, which accompanies all of Good Dog's sandwiches, as well as their signatures fry sauce--a homemade garlic aioli--for dipping. Aioli is similar to mayonnaise, but made with garlic and does not always have vinegar, and it is not as thick as mayo. The fries were fresh cut and crisp, and the aioli helped cut through the heaviness of the burger and fries.
Overall, the Good Dog Burger was delicious, very no frills, and extremely filling. It was a stick to your ribs kind of burger, and unique enough that it earns high marks. Always a classic, and all it needs is a good beer to help wash it down. Good Dog Bar has plenty of craft beers to help complete your meal!I walked in and walked right out.
I wanted sit for a beer but I could not handle the stench in this dark gloomy place, something I usually don't mind in bars, but I just could not handle the smell in this place.
It was like puke was permeating from the damn walls. Seriously the staff needs to stay on top of things and clean up after ppl who get sick in small enclosed spaces such as this bc it def turned me and my partner off big time.
Willing to try this place another time, hoping it does not smell like rotting carcass that puked up its insides.Some of the best bar food in the city. 
Definitely try the hanger steak (comes with pesto mashed potatoes) - it will haunt your dreams (ummm...in a good way). The good dog burger is equally as amazing, but BE WARNED: make no plans to move for at least an hour after you've successfully finished the burger as you will go into a serious food coma. The sweet potato fries are also a must.
It's a great place to meet up & have some drinks. The juke box is solid. Each floor offers a slightly different atmosphere. There is pool, darts & some sweet video games on the third floor, but not a lot of space to socialize in around them.
My only complaint is the obnoxious office lighting (3rd floor only).This is one of my favorite places to sneak off to when I'm in the city. They serve good alcohol that is fairly priced and their food is pretty good. I typically get the cheesesteak empanadas, mussels or their steak salad. They are all really good. I would recommend the mussels or empanadas over the salad. 
I had a terrible bartender once, I left him a note on my receipt and I've never seen him again. The servers aren't the greatest except for Marcus. He is a humble server, really charismatic and he goes above and beyond. Most of the other servers wear a permanent poker face I'm pretty sure they are told to not smile or show their personalities while working.Good Dog, you so great. 
I can't believe I've waited this long to experience The Dog.  Maybe it's because I've just now gotten into beer, burgers, and fries.  But Dog delivers goods even beyond these.
I indulged in the Good Dog salad with octopus.  I approve of the plentiful portion of lettuce, but felt a bit jipped by the 3-4 octopi for $6. 
I mooched off my beau's Good Dog burger and OH.MY.GAWD.  best burger I've ever had. paws down.  The roguefort cheese oozes all over all the goodness and that meat is like woa.
Beers:  Loved my West Coast Green Flash double IPA, the Centennial, and Allagash white.
Oh and THOSE FRIES.  they give you regular potato AND sweet potato?? Fries for the win.
You cannot lose with Good Dog.  Go fetch.Went to Good Dog today haven't been there in a while so we decided to try it again so glad we did we walked in and was greeted by the hostess Lauren she was sweet and very efficient  . Are waitress Megan was also great we order the Korean wing which were amazing I ordered the grilled cheese with brisket my fiancé ordered beer brined pork cutlets all were just delicious our hostess came by and ask how everything was ok which was a nice touch over all a great experience thank u Lauren and Megan great dinnerLived on 15th for many years and came here quite a bit while bar crawling. Awesome beer selection, great fries and burgers. However, I didn't understand what a gem this place was until Dining Out For Life this past April.  I was an ambassador for the third time, first time here. The staff were unbelievably nice and welcoming. I can't explain the difference between here and other restaurants. You could just tell they all were very excited to participate in this awesome cause. I am lucky enough to work near here even though I don't live close anymore. I can't wait to go back again and again!Really cool, chill bar with a fun upstairs (tv, pool table, darts, and PHOTO HUNT!).  One of my favorite burgers in the city.  The mixed sweet potato and regular fries are great.  I was really excited to try the chicken tenders cordon bleu, but they were pretty disappointing, but most of the other stuff I've had here has been pretty good.  The only downside to this place is that it can be tough to get a table and if you are hanging out on the 3rd floor, you need to go downstairs to order drinks and food.Talk about a bar with really good food - dark and dingy inside - but a dive bar with great food is always a great thing.I can't stop coming back to Good Dog, it's like an addiction. The atmosphere, fun (seriously, how can you not smile when hundreds of photos of dogs are staring you in the face). Bartenders, fun. Food, AMAZING. Our group of friends has started using Good Dog as a meeting place so we can have lunch before doing whatever our Saturday afternoon plans are. Most of us have a menu staple - the Salmon ruben is by far my favorite thing on the menu. Some of my friends have a borderline physical addiction to the good dog burger. Of course if you're looking for something a little more leafy, even their salads are amazing.Roquefort stuffed into a burger? Shut up and just take my money already. I love a good, dive bar. What I love even more than a good dive bar is one with great food! Yelp was the one who guided me here and I'm glad it did. It's a small space, which is great. The bar was full when I arrived but a spot soon opened up. Bartender was great and friendly. Beers are solid and decently priced. I of course ordered the Good Bar Burger which was absolutely outstanding. It was oozing with roquefort cheese, with sauteed onions, delicious! They give you a mix of regular and sweet potato fries which are also cooked perfectly. The dipping sauce too was also outstanding.
I had a great time sitting there, drinking beer, eating and watching hockey. TVs are minimal which is fine by me, but it was nice the game was on. 
This was a great bar and I will absolutely come back here to try the mac n' cheese and blueberry cornbread which looked amazing!I enjoyed this bar because 1) there are several photos of dogs on the walls and 2) the bartender is originally from a town near my hometown.
It was a bit crowded on a Friday night, which is to be expected.  There was a long wait for a table but I also watched the hostesses take their time with giving empty tables to people who were waiting.  They have a pretty good beer selection to choose from, I just wish we had been able to try the food.Finally made the whole 20 minute trek to good, and my expectations were met and slightly exceeded. 
I had the Truffled cheesesteak empanadas, Duck pot pie, and my girlfriend had their grilled chicken sandwich. 
  Initially, I figured the grilled chicken sandwich would be pretty bland and generic. I was gladly mistaken! It was glazed in a bourbon bacon chutney that was fantastic, and the bread it was served on was a perfect. 
  The empanadas made my night, and the chocolate stout sauce that accompanied for dipping was unique and delightful.  The duck pot pie is not something I've ever seen anywhere so I had to try, even though I'm not a huge pot pie fan. I really enjoyed it, the flavor and quality really exceeded my expectations. Also,even though it took me a while to enjoy, the last bite was just as hot as the last. 
  The waitress was friendly, and had good beer knowledge and made some good recommendations.  
We will be back, going for the burger next time!When you walk up to this place, you think "bar." When you walk though the place to your seat, you think "bar." When you look at the menu, you think "wait..."
They are attempting some serious fare. And they pull it off. We had cheesesteak empanadas, beet salad, caesar salad, BLT, blue cheese stuffed burger and special flatbread of the day. Cheesesteak empanadas were oddly good. Beet salad was just okay. Caesar salad was outstanding. All entrees were really, really good. I cut my burger in half and the blue cheese oozed out like it was a supermodel writhing on a sofa (what?). My daughter thought the flat bread was awesome (high praise). 
Great downtown lunch spot that I would highly recommend.    
Smiley faceLet's be honest everyone loves going to a place that has been on the food network. Great burger and beer selection! Everyone here is very hipster including the servers. The service is really great, they feel like your friend not your waiter/waitress. 
BEST fries, I love regular and sweet potato and always have a hard time decided. Well you don't have to decide here you get both mixed :)
Gets really crowded but thats just cause the food is so unique. Duck pot-pie is a must try as well as the burger with the cheese in the middle! 
Fun to go with a few friends and chill. They have pool tables and darts upstairs.Service was really friendly, although no one to greet us at the door, so we got the awkward stares from people at the bar as we stood there not sure as to seat ourselves, had to walk upstairs to get an answer so we walked back down and sat at a table ourselves. So I would assume that it is seat yourself, however when we were leaving, there was a hostess by the door. So maybe she was on a break when we walked in. Anyway, once we were seated we were greeted by our server who was super friendly. Because we were starving, we ordered the cheese steak empanadas right off the bat, which took literally no time at all to be sent out. They were delicious served with a chocolate stout dipping sauce that resembled an au jous. Very good! I had the Sly Fox Helles Lager which was really good flavor I believe brewed in PA.
Then we ordered sandwiches. My boyfriend ordered the burger medium rare with sharp cheddar and sauteed onions. Delicious. Cooked perfectly on a brioche bun. Everything you'd want in a burger. All the sandwiches are served with a mix of hand cut regular fries and sweet potato fries really good and fresh and served with a chipotle aioli which was really good but my boyfriend didn't care for. But fries alone were yummy so even if you don't like the sauce they're still good. 
I ordered the shrimp po boy buffalo style which to be honest I wasn't super impressed by. 6 or 7 fried shrimp tossed in a generic tasting buffalo sauce drizzled with blue cheese that didn't even fill up the gigantic sub roll it was served on so it was mostly biting bread.... not too impressed. 
So for the lack of hostess and the shrimp po' boy I deducted 2 stars. Otherwise good :) maybe ask the server what they recommend on the menu so you don't take a chance like I did and be disappointed.FOOD POISONING. From the traditional burger. Obviously they don't give enough attention to their kitchen hygiene. The taste of the burger wasn't bad, but the subsequent GI infection was. Would avoid this place entirely.We  heard about this place from Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and since we were in Philly we decided to give it a shot. It was a welcome relief after a weekend of either really pretentious or really horrible food. 
We started with the fried pickles and the empanadas. Both were fantastic. The pickles came with a goat-cheese ranch that was amazing.
I had the mac and cheese with blueberry corn bread which was outstanding as well. My partner had the roasted chicken which he said was also really good. We shared some fries too which are hand-cut and really great! They have a great beer selection, too. 
The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is that it is very cramped and very noisy. We knew it was a bar and that it wasn't going to be quiet, but some of the crowd was really obnoxious and it did put a damper on things. But our service was great and the food was great, too.We loves Sheri as our server cuz she's sweet fun and makes great recommendations!
Btw food so good too! Luv burger with Roquefort in it!The Good Dog Burger (and the sweet potato fries) live up to the "Best of Philly" hype and more...
I found the place a bit too noisy for good conversation downstairs.  Upstairs was better.  The beer selection was also very good.1. Amazing burger
2. Cheese steak empanadas
3. Rotating beer list of pretty good beers
4. Friendly service
The only con?
1. Way too over crowdedI have to say that I wasn't all that impressed with Good Dog.  I went there for "Happy Hour" with some co-workers and was very disappointed by the lack of good happy hour sales.  For all drinks you only got $1 off.  For someone broke like me that's not exactly a happy hour.  I got a burger which came highly recommended but I wasn't that impressed by.  It had cheese inside, which sounded like a good idea but ended up just made it have a weird texture.  I will say that their fries were good.  Other than that I just wasn't very impressed.I will most certainly be back. Both the food and service were excellent. 
I split the Good Dog Burger (with added bacon) and Brisket Grilled Cheese with a friend, and both were phenomenal. Particularly nice was the split of sweet potato fries and hand-cut kennebec as a side. We also shared an order of the fried pickles (with goat cheese dip), which were good, albeit a little small in portion size. Combine all this with excellent service and a great draft beer list, and I had a wonderful meal.Called to see if I could make a reservation. They don't do reservations, but said a wait for two would usually be no more than 20 minutes after 7pm. They were right, happily. We ordered the fried pickles with ranch goat cheese dip. AMAZING. I decided on the 1/2 salad and a mug of the soup of the day (I spied white chocolate bread pudding
for dessert!) while my friend chose the specialty - the good dog burger - 1/2 pounder stuffed with Roquefort cheese, topped with caramelized onion. ALL of our food was 5 star. The pudding was 4 star. Brooklyn Summer Ale was a great draught beer with the pickles. Service was attentive, it is a bar, so it was loud, but with a fun vibe.This place is awesome! The beer selection is both extensive and delicious, the atmosphere was great and the waitress we had was amazing. It was a fantastic experienceWe saw Good Dog Bar on Food Network and had to give it a try. When you first walk in it looks insanely tiny, but they've got three levels. We ate on the 2nd floor. It was pretty packed so we had a drink at the bar first. The bar tender was very nice. We ended up waiting about 30 minutes to be seated. 
As per Food Network's suggestion, we tried the Cheesesteak Empanada appetizer. OH MY GODDDD - amazing!! I'd never had fish sauce before, so I was hesitant to dip my empanada, but let me tell you, the combination is amazing. You've GOT to order the empanadas. 
We also tried the duck pot pie (eh, it was ok); the baked macaroni and cheese (interesting taste from all the different cheeses); and a cheeseburger and fries. The fries were pretty yummy. 
Overall, it was a cute city restaurant. However, the only reason I would go back is for the Cheeseteak Empanadas. If, and I mean IF, we go back, I would order 2 or 3 orders of the empanadas and eat only that.My boyfriend and I had an early dinner at Good Dog Bar before seeing a concert in Philly. When we walked in we noticed a dimly-lit, kinda divey bar area on the first floor and then were seated upstairs on the second floor where there is a kitchen in the back, somewhat open to the seating area. We immediately noticed all of the pictures of dogs on the walls. (We are dog fanatics and, honestly, that's part of the reason we decided to try this place over others in the vicinity of our hotel.) It has a casual, relaxed feel to it. There weren't that many other customers when we arrived but it was packed by the time we left. 
Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the food and drink menu. We both had the Good Dog Burger, medium rare. It was very good. Not amazing. Very messy. But very good. They also have a decent beer menu with some interesting craft selections. 
Overall, I really like this place and I recommend giving it a try!I have to believe this is the bar that bar people go to when they want good food in an old school bar atmosphere.  Had a terrific meal there with my family.  The beer selection is great with a few interesting 'special' mixed drinks to complement the full bar.   Modest afternoon crowd, with good activity and vibe.  There's a few TVs tuned into various sporting events (football this time of year).    
It's a classic looking old bar (street level) with much of décor defined by 5x7 black and white pics of dogs - it was fun to see them all and pick out our favorites.  We ate wings, burgers and a smoked brisket grilled cheese.  Burger was definitely as advertised - one of the better ones in the city.   Fries were exceptional and plentiful both on the orders and as a side (full bowl is huge).  
Found the servers attentive and the food service appropriately timed (i.e., not rushed and not slow).  Could easily spend an evening seated at the bar meeting interesting people and throwing back some good beer/drinks.    We'd go back in a heartbeat.Great service from bartender Meg; just the right balance of cool, casual, friendly professional hospitality.  On top of everything at a busy bar with a great attitude, making everyone feel welcome and appreciated. That will being me back!Good beer selection and friendly staff.  
I've had the burger and enjoyed it, but I don't have great things to say about the rest of the menu.This is a cozy bar that seems to be quite popular as it was pretty busy on a Thursday around 8pm. They have small tvs, so don't come to watch the game, but you can watch the game if you can see it. The beer selection is tasty, but they could use more on tap. It was limited. The food was excellent for bar food. I had the lamb belly sandwich. Delic.
The hostess may turn you off from entering the building. She has a hautey attitude, which my friends who had been there before say she always had. Instead of saying "There's no tables available", she says "Yeah, that's not going to happen". Really? How do you speak to your customers like that? I took off a whole star for that. Hopefully the owners realize she's not made for front of house work, but until then, just try to ignore her poor attitude and get in the bar.Order the Good Dog Burger. Best burger in Philadelphia. Also they really cheap PBR cans if you can stomach that beer. It has three floors. It is a tad dingy.Good and beer are great; I love the bar feel. Food came out a bit slow but the bartender was great and very sweet.Not a lot to say that hasn't already been said.  
The signature burger is one of the best around.  Gotta love the bun that is EXACTLY the right size to hold the burger and soak up the juices, but not big enough become the main event.   The fries are wonderful, as is the garlic aioli accompaniment.  Ketchup? What's that?
I have a friend who orders the white chicken chili almost compulsively.  The soups are great, and I'm a fan of the quiche of the day.  
Go there.  Become part of the Dog Pound, and tell GoodBurger to kiss your corn bread.EXCELLENT "Good Dog" burger. I loved the sweet potato fries. It was crowded and loud, but we still had great service. Used a restaurant.com certificate - would be too pricey without it (I don't like spending $11 for a burger).If I were only rating on beer selection, bar service and ambiance, you'd see 4 or 5 stars, but I had what once used to be one of my favorite grilled cheese sandwiches in the city and was very, very disappointed. 
I haven't been here for a while so I am not sure when the grilled cheese recipe changed, but it's not for the better. The thinly sliced apples and crispy bacon remain, but the heavenly cheese and bread of the past are only memories. Now it's cheddar and swiss(?!) and there's not much of it. I was curious if they remembered to include it at all, but it was there or at least the flavor was. Maybe they used one of those flavor sprays, because the ooey-gooey meltiness certainly was not. The bread brought nothing to the party either. Fluffy, airy white bread that was dry as a bone. At least the fries seem to be of the same high quality that I remember.
I'll be back for a beer and to meet and mingle with the diverse unpretentious crowd, but will pass on the food.I'm in Philly every 3 weeks or so and I try to come here at least once every trip.  
I was first directed here last December by my Yelp buddies when I was looking for a great burger and Good Dog came to the top of the list of places near Broad (avenue of the arts).   While reviewing the menu, someone at a neighboring table had a burger and I decided it was more than I could consume in 2 or even 3 meals...
I had Mussels and Good Dog Salad the first time through (awesome); Cheesesteak Empanada second time through (like no cheeseteack you've ever had!!); Tinga Quesadilla next (yummy).  I'm now working my way through the Little Bites section of the menu.
Ordered the Quiche of the Day yesterday - it was Goat Cheese, Sun-Dried Tomatos & Carmelized Onions that came with garden greens tossed lightly w balsamic vinagrette (yummmmm again). 
There is nothing that I haven't enjoyed here (yet).
Server told me that the Cheesesteak Empanada was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives in January.... no wonder!
Enjoy the surprises this dive bar produces - I am!Ahh...Good Dog bar....good burgers! Cool place, usually sat on the booth, lots of doggie pics on the wall which I like :) This place also carry pbr (cheap ghetto bear but whatever) Not a lot of places in center city carry this beer, but a lot of people usually don't care (well I guess I do ;). Juke box is cool, don't play Madonna though--haha cause the bartender will totally skip it!! (A friend did it)
Overall good chill place to hang out weeknights and those late nighters!Very little that's noteworthy about this famous bar in Center City West. Crowded, loud, mediocre beer with decent prices. A little overzealous management (there was a small incident that I think management mishandled--the details of which are not germane). Understaffed and served for a busy Saturday night though. Frustrating to wait too long for simply drinks (pours of beer). Staff was working hard, just put in a tough spot.Love this place.  Great beer selection, awesome pictures of dogs over the walls. 
Only complaint is it is tight, but there is a 2nd and even 3rd floor (I think)
I typically go right to the 2nd floor if its even remotely crowdedI don't think you need me to review this to tell you it's great.  But I will.  And it is.  
Even by myself, a good time has been had - great atmosphere and wonderful food - everything a neighborhood place should be.  And those fries?  Come on...out of control.
Just go already.The Good Dog service is great. And if you want upscale fast food, it's a solid downtown go-to until the wee hours. To be honest, though, Five Guys makes a better burger and fries, of course without the vibe of a skinny, packed out, 3-story downtown joint that is open til 2 a.m. Both the regular & sweet potato fries are way too dry. The aioli redeems the first few bites. After that I get the sense that the cooks are a little heavy on the salt. The draught beer selection is decent, but you will find a more nuanced variety at Tria Tap Room or Monk's Cafe. Good Dog is basically a beer and burger factory, with some extras. Otherwise my 1/2 pound sirloin patty arrived thick and tall, with tasty brioche buns, just the way I like her.The Good Dog is not always on its best behavior. One may tell their dog to "sit," or "stay quiet," but there is no way you can so easily get table service from humankind here. The notorious waitress previously described for keeping the service at very low standards has short, blonde curly hair and MEANS well. When so-called, smiled, distracted "server" is sitting down at other tables to chat while my starved friends waited FOREVER to get her attention, I was ready to call in a pitbull to scare her into doing her job. Granted, we were sitting in a corner but we felt forgotten about, had to find her to get the bill, and eventually had to BRING our tab up to the bar to pay and then leave the tip. 
Highlights: the fact that their rice krispie treats seem to be made FRESH on the premises and served within a few hours (Read: not wrapped in saran wrap and sitting out for a week). And I was delighted to see they serve Magners, a cider not easily found in any other city than the East Coast, and bring out a glass of ice with it too.
The bar also has a somewhat ingenious lay-out. 3 flights of stairs (that's how you burn off those New Year's treats) with a cozy room on each floor. My favorite is the 2nd floor, where there are a bunch of tables and chairs to be found for you and your friends. 
For those of you smitten with its cutesy theme, it is not necessarily a novel idea...there is the Barking Dog in NYC with pup pictures and Bridge Lounge in Nola with black and white photos of dogs. Which canine-institution came first? That will remain a mystery. All in all, this bar personafied is like a little better than the average Fido, but shall we bring in a well trained, TV sitcom dog to "train" the service? You might have to put ME on a leash to convince me to return.Of course, I had heard about Good Dog from Triple D on the Food Network, but had been wanting to go there before for a work happy but couldn't make it. So when I had an out of towner coming in for a visit, this was on our list of places.
Sooooo glad we came! We were seated upstairs by the bar (nice touch having bars on multiple levels) by one guy with a lumberjack beard. Our waiter came over, also with a lumberjack beard, took our drink orders. Got them and they were wrong so he brought us over a free round on him. 
We wanted to try a few appetizers so as to not hinder the drinking that would be occuring post meail...we got the Chicken Cordon Bleu tenders and all I have to say is HOLY MOLY!! They were amaze-balls!! The chicken was cooked perfectly and it had just the right amount of batter to dip in the delicious grain mustard sauce. Also got the Truffled Steak Empanadas which were very good. I have to say that the dough itself really was the highlight and not what was inside. Didn't try the sauce because my cousin said it didn't do anything to the flavor.
Still hungry, we decided to get the BBQ Pork Sliders...again...HOLY MOLY!! The apple slaw is the perfect compliment to the tangy sauce. Our waiter aka, the man, also brought us out a HUGE bowl of cheesy grits on the house. My cousin and I would have been happy with just that. An amazing, comforting, yummy bowl of goodness.
All in all I will DEFINITELY go back to Good Dog. There are many more things I want to try on the menu and the experience was a great one :)This was a bigger bar than expected.  There were 3 floors to this place.  The top floor did not have a bar, but just a place to hang out and chill.  It was very convenient.  There were also pictures of dogs on all walls, which was something different.  The service was appreciated and everything came out in a timely matter even with the place being packed.
The mussels ($14) were ordered as an appetizer.  There were about 40 or so small mussels.  I will have to say these were the best mussels I ever had.  They were steamed in Magic Hat #9 beer (I also had this as my drink!!!) with capers, shallots, garlic, chipotles, and herbs.  There was a real nice kick to the mussels and all of them were fresh.  All of the ingredients blended together unbelievably well.  The capers were a real nice touch I thought.  
I ordered the lamb BLT ($13).  It was house-made lamb bacon with fresh tomato and lettuce with a chimichurri mayo on sourdough.  This was my first time trying lamb bacon and I could not have been more pleased.  The sourdough bread was great and the chimichurri mayo really added to this sandwich.  There was a side of regular and sweet potato fries too.  I liked the half and half type of fries here.  It was also served with a chipotle aioli sauce, which was nice.  
Will I go back?  Easily!!Good Dog, in Haiku:
decent food and beer
cute waitstaff, average service.
decidedly meh.
I've been here several times, and it's never wowed me.  Everything's good, but nothing's great.  I enjoy its convenience, relaxed atmosphere, nerd-chic bartenders and waitresses, and variety of comfort food + comfort brews.
Hilarity ensues if you make a trip to the bathroom - there are hurricane-force air dryers above the toilets (in the same spot that TP dispensers are traditionally placed), making for a nice little surprise.On the quiet side, but I love the theme! Great place to go with a small group and actually hold a conversation.  Multiple stories which facilitates more people despite the location in a narrow property typical for Philadelphia.  Good location and worth dropping by! Woof! Who doesn't love a drink amidst friendly dog faces on all the walls!Good Dog will always hold a special place in my heart. It is where my fiancé and I had our first date. I even remember the exact table on the 2nd floor where we met. 
Over the years we've been back many times to enjoy their delicious burgers, brisket grilled cheese, and fries. Staff is always nice and service is good!The Good Dog is and has been one of my very favorite bars in Philadelphia but the last time I went definitely stands out as a particularly enjoyable experience. 
       My friend and I went in last Wednesday night for dinner without a reservation. The bar was pretty busy so we weren't seated right away but the hostess/manager (whose name I didn't catch but has a cute pixie haircut and is there pretty often) went above and beyond to make sure my friend and I were seated ASAP. She bussed and reset a table herself and had us seated within 5 or so minutes. 
       Our server, Shari, has waited on me before and she's absolutely delightful. The friend I went to dinner with is admittedly particular about his food and quite frankly a little difficult to deal with. Thankfully Shari has really great attention to detail and got every single one of my friend's silly modifications right. The food and beer is always great at The Good Dog but Shari really knocks it out of the park with her vivacious personality and excellent service. I hope she's there the next time I return to The Good Dog.Good Dog has a great beer list and a loud but comfortable atmosphere. I don't generally go to bars and hang out alone but I have waited for a friend for over an hour and felt really at ease here.
The food here was delicious, the lentil based veggie burger had beet chips on it and the server happily substituted arugula salad for fries with no extra charge. The only thing I was not super fond of was the roll the veggie burger came on, but that is just splitting hairs.
Overall come here for really well done bar food or for a comfortable bar. The third floor is great for larger groups of friends and has a couple pool tables.This place was something else.  It has the look of a dive bar but as unique of a menu as you'll find anywhere.  After reading some of the reviews my girlfriend and I decided to stop in for a quick bite for lunch.  As someone who's been in the restaurant business for seven years I can honestly say that the service was extremely friendly and right on point for the entire time we were there.  
The beer list was impressive for such a small place.  Lots of variety in bottles and on draft, and the draft list appears to be rotating as well.  The menu even had a list of upcoming drafts, I thought that was pretty nice.  Long list of bottled beers as well, including larger bottles.
All of the food was unique in some fashion.  We started with the chicken tenders cordon bleu.  Those were flat out amazing.  Sliced chicken breast wrapped in swiss cheese and ham, and then coated in their house breading and fried.  The mustard sauce on the side really completed the dish.  My girlfriend had the fried tomato BLT, which she said was pretty tasty.  Tomatoes and mayo aren't really my thing so I didn't really try it.  I went with the duck quesadilla, which was very delicious.  The duck was plentiful and tasted very fresh.  It was wrapped with spinach, poblano peppers, and grilled onions with two kinds of cheese.  Crispy texture, but it didn't appear to be fried at all.  They covered it with a roasted tomato and dried cherry salsa and a sprinkle of cilantro.  The salsa was unlike anything I've had before.  
I just wish we came for dinner so that we could have experienced more of the menuThis place gets 5 stars for being good at what it does. It caters to those who want a simple bar experience. It caters to those who don't want a simple bar experience, but does want a good time with friends and a quality (veggie) sandwich. My brother chose this place as the starting point of his birthDAY of shenanigans. A few drinks, sandwiches, and stacks of sweet potato fries later, we were all more than pleased and ready to hop over to our next bar. 
Warning: PACKED on weekends. Prepare for a 20-30 minute wait.Excellent Allagash White, and big meaty wings spiced just right. Good Dog, you just picked up the coveted five-star.My beer buddy and I checked out Good Dog this weekend. It was pretty crowded but we didn't have much of a wait and were seated upstairs. For me new to the beer scene, I thought the choices were good. I went with flying fish exit 4 and G went with a stout. After reading a review about the good dog burger, I had no choice to go with it and it was delish! G had the chicken sandwich which looked healthy on his multigrain bun and  we both enjoyed the mix of fries. Reasonable prices and friendly staff.I went there during the weekday at 6PM, it was pretty crowded, there were no open stools at the bar, so my friend had to stand almost the entire time we were there. Great beer selection.I'm partial to the staff due to my cousin being the lovely tattoo sleeved bartendress Erin, but this is a completely unbiased review.   I'd like to tell you that I've tried to whole menu but i really just can't get passed the macaroni and cheese, i mean, the cornflake crust is just ingenious.  I order it every time, and then insist on a bite of my bf's good dog burger and plundering his sweet potato fries with the dipping sauce, i feel like it's Russian dressing or something but who cares, it's addictive!  The staff is friendly and great, the place is always packed and it's warm and cozy.  This place does the old Frank Clemens joint proud.  Can't wait to try PYT.
go good dog!The food and ambience was good, I'm giving it three stars because of how we were initially treated. Three of us went here for some apps and beers before a show we were seeing at the Academy of Music. When we arrived the bar on the first floor was completely filled which was where we were going to sit to grab a few apps so we asked if we could have a table. The host said the table was reserved for people ordering entrées only but that we could go to the bar on the second floor, place an order and bring it up to the third-floor. When we went to do so there was a pretty long wait at the bar on the second floor and plenty of open tables. I went upstairs to use the bathroom and saw that the third floor was just a standing room only, there would be no place to put down some appetizers so my girlfriend asked if we could have one of the tables since we wanted something to eat. The waitress said we needed to go back down to talk to the host, then the waitress walked away and rolled her eyes. Finally we did get a table ordered some drinks and three appetizers. The waitress then said what entrées would we like. I don't understand why they were so persistent on ordering entrées when the entrées are mainly sandwiches which are the same price as the appetizers. Like we didn't want burgers we just wanted to split a bunch of appetizers and apparently that was a big deal. So overall that was pretty annoying and I don't like the way it was handled, we weren't going to be there long and there were plenty of open tables. It was just unnecessary. Now onto the food: the fried brussels sprouts were absolutely amazing, the fried pickles were basic, and a cheesesteak empanadas were good. The sauce you dipped it in was unusual but nonetheless they were good. I would go back and recommended despite the initial annoyance. Our waitress was nice.Their Baked Macaroni and Cheese is mind blowing!! Great place, great food. A little cold because people kept opening the door and they have limited space. Overall, I can't wait to go back!Cramped, dingy, dark, and lots of good beer!
If you like that kind of thing, you'll like Good Dog. 
The food's not the best though. Some people seem to like the burgers, but I wasn't the biggest fan. Whatever though, that's not really the point here.was just here with my gf last week. I love this place. delicious burgers. i don't rate many burgers good. except red robins. sometimes outbacks. fatburger. but these are great to chow on in philly. the city of burgerly love.It was definitely interesting. We went during happy hour on a Wednesday evening. I wanted to sit on the second floor, which was randomly super hot (and I'm not one to shy away from warmth.) Downstairs was fine too, more loud, for sure. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar, and we had to talk loudly to one another (happy hour). I didn't personally like the draught selection-it was a lot of IPA's, but that probably has a high turnover rate. To eat, I got a turkey sandwich on pretzel bread with thousand island (dressing?) pickle slaw & gouda cheese that the bartender suggested. It was delicious, so flavorful, the sesame seeds on the bread and the gouda cheese with the slaw really combined together to make an amazing sandwich. 
My boyfriend got the lamb meatball sandwich with fries. I don't eat lamb, but he said it was good and the tzatziki sauce was really good on it with the cucumbers, onions and tomato. The fries were really good too- mixed potato and sweet potato bar fries, not too salty or greasy. I had a small chocolate cake dessert that has chocolate pudding in it which was pretty good. 
I would definitely go back. So many interesting options.I read about the burgers and needed something to eat before a concert.
The good dog burger rocked and I am VERY picky about my burger.
Aaron my bartender was friendly, helpful, and gets a solid five star review on his skills as a bartender.
Great vibe in the place - I will return.  
Plenty of beers on tap and cans - as well as an impressive selection of scotch.
Not to be missed.I came here because so many of my grad school friends ranted and raved about this place so I was pretty excited to try it.  I usually go to goodburger (which is much better in Manhattan which prob explains why they went out of business) or Five Guys, but occasionally to Butcher & Singer and Rouge.  We had heard about the cheese stuffed patties so we ordered one of those and a meatloaf sandwich.    It happened to be the World Cup so there were a lot of young people who were already done eating, and drinking beer while watching the game.  That was fine and the service was fine but it was a bit rowdy and I'm not a big fan of sports bars.  It seems like on most days, it's not  a sports-bar type place.  There are cute nooks on the 2nd floor where you can have more privacy and the place has both upstairs and downstairs seating.  The pictures of dogs all over the walls is a cute concept.
So we get the food and we were really disappointed.  I like my sweet potato fries more crunchy (they were cut too big and seemed like they had been soaking in oil, not frying) and the burger was not as juicy as I'd like it.  The cheese-stuffed burger really lacked flavor while the meatloaf sandwich had a bit too much.  The meatloaf "patty" was super thin and fake looking but there was plenty of flavor in it.  There is not a lot of extra stuff on the burger except caramelized onions so you would think the patty (especially for $11) would be a lot more flavorful and juicy but we were really disappointed.I love the theme of this place! The dog pictures are adorable and it has a dive bar scene but also delicious food. The cocktails were also great! I ordered the good dog burger and the most awesome part is that they put cheese inside the meat patty. Definitely not the prettiest thing to eat but it is delicious! The cheesesteak empanadas were just ok though.decent bar.  often crowded and loud.  good beer selection, cute bartenders.  my favorite after work spot.Good Dog is everything I want out a bar/restaurant.  They have great beer, great food (way better than your typical bar food), good service, fun glasses, and cute dog pictures everywhere.
Only complaint is that it can be a real pain to get a table/seat at the bar at any normal time to eat or drink.  But hey, that's the price you pay for an awesome place.  Good Dog is a staple.An awesome burger where medium rare is really medium rare.  The fries range from good to super awesome, depending on whether you eat them there or if they've sat in a styrofoam take out container.
It gets loud, and you'll be lucky to find a spot in one of the downstairs booths without a wait, but this is two steps above your typical bar food.BLUF (Bottom Line Up Front): Cheese filled burger is the best. Mix of sweet potato and regular fries is the best.
Paul: Only had the good dog burger. But I like it so much that I just can't bring myself to order anything else.  We moved away in 2010, but every time we come back we always make this a priority.  Also, giving you a mix of sweet potato fries and regular fries is awesome. Why don't all places do this.  They also have an aioli that is really good.
Amy: Ditto. And upstairs they have pac-man!!!!!! Plus adorable puppy pictures all over the place.  Also, the Pac-Man machine has lots of other games on it (like Ladybug - classic).
This place gets packed - fair warningHusband and i enjoyed dinner here! Had the empanadas, good dog burger, chicken sandwich with brie and bacon chutney...and the oreo mousse for dessert. All was very good.  I'd say it's just a tad pricey, but good nonetheless.Came here for the burger, and it was worth the trip.  The fries that came with it, however, weren't that great which is why I don't give the dish 5 stars.  You get a ton of them (a mixture of regular and sweet potato), but mine were a little underdone and soggy.  The burger, on the other hand, was fantastic.  Came with a brioche bun, caramelized onions and provolone cheese.  Nothing too fancy, just a classic dive bar burger, but a good one at that.I really like this bar, I don't know why I am not here everyday. Ok, for starters, excellent selection of beers on tap. Local beers (PBC and Yards and also Weyerbacher) for fairly decent prices. Local beers make for happy patrons. On to the food, we started off with cheesesteak empanada served with a chocolate (and maybe beer too?) sauce. So good, they are chunky little empanada's, 4 on a plate with the dipping sauce on the side. The dipping sauce was incredible. I could taste the chocolate only at first, then the beer flavor started to kick in. This was a really interesting appetizer and I would definitely get it again. Me and my friends all had burgers, and we all asked for different temperatures. Each of our burgers were cooked exactly to our specification. Honestly, the way to my heart is through a properly cooked burger. I know what i am asking for when I ask for med-rare, and Good Dog gave it to me. I added caramelized onions and cheddar cheese and was delighted at the amount of onions and the taste. They gave us another sauce for our fries, I am guessing some type of aioli, and it was great. I love getting different dips for fries because ketchup can get boring. On to my next topic, the fries. a mixture of sweet potato and regular fries. i think the mixture is brilliant. It is nice to get a bit of variety without making a complete switch. Way to go, Good Dog. I am thoroughly impressed.This was the first place my bf and I dined at since officially moving to Philly and the experience is much like how I feel about this city - middle of the line. 
I had first heard about it from a girl in my building who listed it as one of her favorite places in town. We happened to have stumbled upon it while looking for food and gave it a try due to their noteworthy menu (duck pot pie? cheesesteak empanadas? oooh).
Service was a little slow which was not a huge deal. I decided on the salmon burger and my bf got the cajun shrimp po-boy. After a few bites of each we were already over the flavors. Neither really stood out and I think the saving grace of the po-boy was the sriracha they probably put in the sauce. 
I did like how they mixed regular and sweet potato fries so that you never have to make that decision - great move and possibly one that will bring me back to see if my experience was a one-time fluke.The Greatest and Best Bar in the World.  Always an eclectic selection of draft beers.  You are not going to get a Bud Light here.  The bartenders might give you a little attitude- but no more than you deserve.
The crowd is as eclectic as the draft list.  Tradesmen, lawyers, restaurant folk all rub elbows at the bar.
The chef's menu of comfort food with a twist is excellent.  Have the cheesesteak empanadas, the chicken tenders cordon bleu, and the Good Dog burger, stuffed with molten roquefort cheese and topped with carmelized onions, accompanied by a mix of yukon gold and sweet potato fries...Ate here because it was featured on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives. Found a neighborhood bar packed to the gills on a Wednesday night with locals, always a good sign. Food and service was very good. Definitely worth the walk of a few blocks to eat here.We were here on a Saturday night and found it wasn't too busy at all, got seated upstairs pretty quickly. The food is better than your average bar food fare but things could still be improved. We got the BLT, a Caesar salad, the calamari, and the empanadas. The salad was rather basic, but a nice portion. The calamari was disappointingly bland. The empanadas were interesting and the BLT was the standout as were the fries that came with it. Service was attentive and the atmosphere was basic bar-stuff. Could be scrubbed up a bit but nothing gross.I never ever have written a review, this is my first... and I feel that this place absolutely deserved a great review!  I just had the BEST freakin Salmon Burger in my life.. The sweet potato fries, the sauce and just the whole atmosphere, wow!!!!!! im so happy I live around the corner!Even though I am under 21 and my fake ID never works since it looks like I got it out of a vending machine; I go here just for the food. Though it can be crowded sometimes; it has a great atmosphere. All the employee's are really chill and nice. This is where I will be going on my 21st birthday though for sure.Went for a going away party and last night. We called ahead and asked if there was a wait for 8 people since we were hanging out around the corner at a friend's apartment. Walked over, got a prime seat - thanks to the Staff there for allowing us to do that. Totally awesome on your part.
NOT SO AWESOME - Soda/Jukebox. Let me explain. For some reason most people I was with ordered Soda. Apparently, according to them, the soda was flat. After talking with our server he adjusted the soda gun and came out with new sodas. One of those sodas was still flat. Made for an uneasy moment. So there's that. ALSO - my friend has a Jukebox App on his phone. The app links to his credit card so he can play credits from his phone. He cued up a list of songs, was charged for them and the Jukebox played them. Halfway through the third song, the bartender skipped his tunes in favor of some Bruce. There are the only two mistakes on an otherwise great trip.
Get the Good Dog Burger if you're into burgers, and who isn't. It's filled with cheese, the onions on top add a good flavor. I wasn't too big into the fries though. It's not that they were bad, I've just had better.
I recommend trying this place: great beer list as well!I really thought I had reviewed this spot before, but since I haven't, I'll give it a go now.
Several friends and I met at Good Dog last night for my birthday. This place gets crowded fast, but as we arrived around 5:30p we were able to get a table to seat the 8 of us on the 2nd floor. I have to say our waitress - should have gotten her name - was the most accommodating person ever! I wasn't sure how many people were going to show up, but she politely added chairs for us when a couple people arrived late. She also didn't banish us for not having a reservation. A friend or two was miffed that their food didn't arrive lickety-split, but the whole second floor was full of people, not to mention a party of 14 and this gal was one of three people handling the whole area. She didn't mess up our orders and checked on us frequently, so I was happy with the service.
I ordered the grilled cheese with apples and smoked bacon - delicious! I love that the bacon isn't that weak, wilty stuff of many a restaurant, but thickly sliced and cooked to perfection. The fries are pretty great as well being that they're a mix of white and sweet potatoes accompanied by a tasty aioli dipping sauce. I'd say that everyone who ordered burgers was satisfied judging by the silence that ensued once everyone had their food.
I like beer, but I'm not a snob about it, though my ears did hurt a bit when I heard someone ask for light beer. Really? Why drink it at all then? I enjoy the selections Good Dog offers and they have just enough that it makes my decision a bit difficult. Our waitress was very helpful as she was familiar with all their offerings and could help my friends order based on taste preference, etc. I personally stuck to a personal fave - the PBC Kenzinger (say what you will about PBC, but keep it to yourself). 
All in all, a great evening with good people and good food. If you're coming with a large party: call ahead regarding seating unless you plan to arrive before the happy hour crowd. Also don't expect to be allowed to hog the tables on the second floor if you aren't eating - they seem to try to keep those for customers who are dining.Never made it past the hostess, she was so rude we decided to leave and vowed never to return.Things you should know:
 - Good Dog charges $3 for coffee and $3 for soda. 
 - You waitress may attempt to charge you for soda refills. 
 - It's against Good Dog policy to charge for refills. 
 - Your waitress may claim your refill charges were actually other sodas you ordered.
 - Lack of integrity is not conducive to tipping or repeat business.From the service to the food, this place is pretty amazing! I came to this bar a few years back and have been dying to come back to have that amazing White Chicken Chili w/ Cornbread! We're spending New Years here and I got my Good Dog Fix!Stopped here one night to wet my whistle. I was happy with the Good pricing and Good service.
I didn't try any of the food but the pics and other reviews are telling me that i will have to return to chow it down. The crowd was cool, the convos were going and it wasnt uber packed so I was able to breathe and enjoy!
If you're looking for a cool spot to grab a drink (and apparently some grub)Id recommend stopping byI've been here several times and the first few times I went it was awesome! I love the atmosphere of the bar and the relaxed feel of it. 
However this past time I did not have such a great experience. We went with a small group (5 people) to watch the game. It was not very crowded and we got a decent sized table. Our first server was very nice and attentive but her shift ended and we were staying for the game so we paid her and got a new server. 
Our second server was terrible! She was just downright rude. She acted annoyed that she has to bring us anything or talk to us at all. When I started feeling sick we decided to leave before our friends. So, I asked for our part of the check. She rolled her eyes and said "well its one check but I'll TRY to do it". She then took about 25 minutes to get our check together. I have been a server before and I know it takes about 10 seconds to separate a check and print it off. Get off your high horse lady. To top it off, she added 20% gratuity to the check, which she did NOT deserve. I usually tip 20% anyways but if they rude to me then I will not give 20%. But, it was automatically on there so we couldn't change it. I was very annoyed at this. 
The food: it was better the first time I came here. There mac and cheese, which I LOVED before, was just not as good as I remembered. The corn bread was too dry. My friends got some apps and liked some of them but not others. Overall, it was so-so.  A good thing is they have a lot of beer varieties and several options of cider, which I love!This is my neighborhood bar. Meaning, this is the bar I show up in my sweatpants and (politically incorrect) wifebeater. I always bypass the first floor after the obligatory ID show, momentarily stop at the second floor to get the fabulous $3 PBR, and then promptly head directly for the 3rd floor "fun floor." Meaning: pool table, darts and Pac-Man machine. 
It's basically a great place to go if you feel like hanging out and meeting new people without much effort.Stumbled upon this place while in town for the Made in America Festival.
Had the Korean BBQ sliders with the Kimchi. WOW. Kudos to the chef.
Our waitress was also incredibly friendly and took really good care of us.
Will definitely go back if I am ever in Philly.More than one year had passed since I visited the Good Dog before my recent lunch. Good Dog is surrounded by bunches of other good bars, and becomes crowded during the evening and weekends. I know that people rave about the burger, but it's usually not enough to entice me to visit.
The real problem is that I forgot how delicious that burger it. In most cases, it deserves all of the hype. In case you're unfamiliar, Good Dog stuffs their delicious burger with cheese. And there are few feelings more satisfying than biting into a burger and having blue cheese ooze out of the middle. To make the experience even better, Good Dog serves a generous portion of delicious sweet potato fries. My only complaint is that my burger was slightly undercooked, but not enough for me to want to send it back. And while a bun might not be important to some people, I love that the burger is served on a fluffy, buttery roll. The burger and fries was more than enough to fill me up for lunch.
Good Dog understands how to maintain a good beer list. During my lunch I had Furthermore brewery's Makeweight, a Belgain IPA. Having never heard of this brewery, I was really impressed with this delicious beer. There is always a nice mix of local and other domestic beers. Curiously, they always seem to have Southampton Double White on tap.
Service here and atmosphere are average. I recommend visit during the week for lunch, and even then expect a decent Center City rush during your meal. I honestly can't comment on any of the menu besides the burger, because I've never had anything else, and I never will.
Bottom Line: This is a good bar, serving one of my favorite burgers in the city. As long as I'm heading down to Center City for work, this will be one of my top options for lunch. Their fantastic beer list only supports the cause.Great bartenders, great beer, long bar with plenty of seats, fun for all your friends and drunks alike. Divebar so its not fancy, but effective.Great beer selection... AMAZING food selection, I crave Good Dog everyday. 
Spectacular. Definitely one of Philly's finest!This was our third visit, it took us that long to notice they have a 2nd floor (small bar, dining tables) and a 3rd floor (no bar but darts and pool tables)...... We sat at  the 1st floor bar. The bartenders are always attentive.  Good music. Clean bathroom. Good mix of people, kind of a come as you are environment. I like the little funky nick-nacks on the wall behind the bar .
Today, we stuck with the 'Ichabod Pumpkin Ale', we liked that (it's that time of year again). 
Drunken Hummus: very tasty.
Mussels: Very good, enjoyed sopping up the broth w/ the bread.
Crispy Calamari : A slight let down. It only came with rings, no tentacles. The texture was very good, lightly breaded/lightly fried the way we like it. Visibly, the calamari looked like it was going to taste good but it was bland. (it needed a little something, something... not quite sure what was missing)
We like Good Dog and are looking forward to returning.Amazing dive bar with sneaky good food. 
The beer list is fantastic and the prices are very reasonable. Great place for burgers and beers with friends or a casual date night.I was just yelping around when I remembered I had never written about good dog and there bangin burgers!
AMAZING!!!! This is probably the best burger I have ever put in my mouth. Juicy and cheesy and oh so delicious.  The bar itself is great to excellent beers on tap and the service is always friendly.  I usually go there after a drunk Saturday with friends so its perfect to play some pool and soak up the alcohol with a burger and a mix of regular and sweet potato fries.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  Cant wait to go back a feed my burger craving.Sometimes the planets align, the stars shine down and the angels sing, and last night, this happened at Good Dog. I have always enjoyed this lovable pup of a bar, and after traipsing around town looking for a place to watch the Phillies get into the World Series again, my friends and I arrived on the second floor, where the only empty bar table in all of Philadelphia awaited us. Beautiful. 
I can always find a beer I haven't tried yet at Good Dog, and their seasonal cocktails are interesting - sometimes delicious and sometimes kind of the opposite of delicious. Last night my friend tried to order one and was warned off by our waitress, which was kind of her. 
The menu is on the small side but well-rounded, with options for a full meal, dessert or just drinky snacks, and there is plenty to choose from for vegetarians. The grilled cheese (hold the bacon) is divine, and last night I branched out and tried a veggie cake sandwich, which was also delicious, with beet chips and a zesty mayo. The mix of sweet potato and regular old potato fries offers a welcome element of surprise rarely found in that food. 
When I grow weary of the endless shuffling and scratching of baseball or my friends' increasingly drunken banter, I love to just space out for a minute and look at all the dogs. So many adorable dogs. Man, I love dogs. Good Dog. Yes.In a rare moment of utter blasphemy, I did not order the eponymous burger on my pilgrim voyage to Good Dog. I had every intention to, but was enticed by the menu's and my excellent server's description of the Lamb Belly Sandwich.
I shall not atone for my indiscretion. That dish, described as a "lamb bacon sandwich," was one of the more unique creations I've tasted in this sandwich-obsessed city. The braised lamb belly was tender enough to melt in the mouth but boasted crispy, charred edges from a quick kiss of the grill. It harmonized beautifully with soft foccacia that sopped up the juices and brightly sweet pickled onion to cut the richness. Think a BLT but with a decidedly lamb-y funk, far superior bread than average, and those onions in the tomatoes' stead.
My herbivorous companion's veggie burger elevated itself by smartly mimicking the texture of beef and offering solid vegetal flavors. The 50-50 split between normal and sweet potato fries enabled pleasant, absent-minded munching in between sandwich bites.
A conservative but well-selected tap list, intriguing cocktails, and friendly service round out the Good Dog experience. I will return for the rite of passage that is the Good Dog burger, but that astoundingly delicious Lamb Belly sandwich may lead me to err again.Much fanfare had been given on the Internet about the burgers at Good Dog, a bar located on 15th street between Walnut and Locust, especially in regards to their Good Dog burger which comes stuffed with Roquefort cheese.
I opted for their traditional burger, prepared medium - which is how I ask for all my burgers. Medium gives you just the right amount of pink for it to be juicy, but not still mooing. I came during the lunch hour on a Friday, so it was full but not packed and I sat at the bar. And waited. And waited. When I was at the point of gnawing my arm off I was so hungry, my burger finally arrived on - SURPRISE! - a brioche bun! (But that was on the menu so I guess I already expected that. Plus, I could tell by everyone else getting served their food before me.) Their fries came with a side of their housemade aioli for dipping. It was kind of like a watery version of the onion ring sauce at Burger King.
I prepared to dive into this delicious burger, my palate poised to receive the succulent, juicy meat. But, lo and behold after first bite, I realized not only was my burger not even the slightest bit of pink in the middle (it was hard to tell at first in the dim lighting of the bar), but it was dry, overcooked and charred - lettuce, tomato and ketchup used as an attempt to cover up the grill marks. I was starving so there was no way I was sending it back at this point and so, I trudged on and chewed through the meat like a dog chewing on rawhide. I was extremely disappointed. No flavor, just the taste of burnt beef in my mouth. And let's not even get into the brioche bun being used yet again in a completely unoriginal attempt to fancy-ify this overpriced bar burger. ($11?? Seriously??)
Regardless of how busy your kitchen is, the least you can do is try to prepare food to your customer's request. I can only imagine what would have happened if I ordered a steak there (if they even serve steak; I have no clue.) Or if I had some kind of food allergy. (I actually think I did have some allergic reaction to whatever was in their aioli after I left. I've never known myself to have food allergies before, but my throat felt like it was closing up and made it hard to swallow.) I guess they just figured it was better to overcook my burger then undercook it, and that does not a good burger make. Bad dog, very bad dog.I stopped into Good Dog for lunch with some friends after a concert in the Kimmel Center today. It was a mostly sunny day, so when we walked into the place it was distinctly dark and dingy compared to outside. Luckily, we were able to snag a table by the one window on the second floor. We were definitely being envied by the other patrons who got stuck with the tables in towards the bar that were darker and more claustrophobic looking. I got a glass of wine and ordered the BBQ pulled pork sliders. They didn't come with the delicious-looking fries, unfortunately, but since everyone I was with got a humongous pile of fries with their meal, they were nice enough to share with me :) They mix crispy sweet potato and crunchy regular fries together with sea salt and they are awesome. I don't usually like sweet potato fries, but Good Dog knows what they're doing. The pulled pork sliders tasted good and were sized perfectly for me. 
Two of the people with me got the Traditional burger with their choice of cheese. They were a little leery of the Good Dog burger, which has a Roquefort (blue) cheese on the inside. The both finished their burgers so I'm assuming the Traditional burger was a good pick too. My aunt had the grilled chicken sandwich and enjoyed it, but she said she wasn't a huge fan of whatever cheese they put on top. Our server was very attentive and got us everything we asked for right when we needed it. 
Overall, the I thought the food was yummy, the fries were delicious, and even though I didn't indulge, I've heard great things about their beer. This is not the place to go, however, if you're looking for a bar/restaurant that has a lot of natural light and an open feel on a sunny day. It's set up like a narrow, three-story row home, that's more bar-like that cafe-like. All in all, the food is tasty and the drinks are good. I would go back again, especially for the fries!Came here with my Yelp friend and had a fun time.  This is a cozy pub with booths and plenty of seating at the bar.  I ordered a brown ale and grilled cheese sandwich.  I absolutely loved the sweet potato fries, but was less keen on the sandwich, which seemed a bit greasy.  Service was excellent and attentive.  Price for the beer and sandwich was $19, which seemed kind of pricey but is probably average for Rittenhouse.  Overall a cool place to grab a brew and chat.It's December and it was freezing in the bar. I will not be back this winter. Please turn up the heat inside !!Having a pretty good beer selection and a good pub atmosphere is almost always a go-to for me.
The bar tenders were attentive, the prices are reasonable for location but I had one problem, the customers. Ball caps and polo bros to my right, an ex-sorority girl and her shot-slamming friends to my left. So, if you're into that, come here on a weekend! Have a blast! If you like a quieter moment, come here on the... weekdays...? and maybe, hopefully, it's better? Further investigation required and some proper pub fare shall be ordered on my return.
Stay, Good Dog. Sit tight and I'll be back.I visited this place recently, just for drinks,and left quite satisfied.  This place was comfortable and I really liked the vibe.  Our bartender was nice and persuaded me to order the rice crispie treat snack.  I felt like their prices were reasonable. I didn't order food but their menu looked great.  I will definitely go here again.  If i lived in this neighborhood I would probably frequent here more.Burger, why are you so yummy? I came here for a beer and got a burger because my boyfriend's was so delicious! That was after dinner, that is. Good Dog is a great "neighborhood" bar, just a place to relax and hang out. It's usually pretty busy and crowded but that's part of the reason you come here! A great feel and a place to get energized by everyone else's conversation! And eat a burger. And maybe drink some beer.The first time I went here I was too nervous to eat (I was on a first date with a really cute boy).  And that sucked, because my food was really delicious.  I had the melted brie and sun dried tomato pesto sandwich.
The second time I went here, we decided to leave before ordering because our booth had a funny smell and there were no other tables open.  The 3rd and 5th times it was too long of a wait for a table.  But the 4th time was just right (BBQ pulled pork sandwich).    
As I said earlier, I couldn't eat much the first time I went to Good Dog (because I'm silly and get nervous on first dates).  Fortunately, we were at Good Dog where the food is all super tasty but super small.   Sure, you get a plate full of fries... but when I order a sandwich I would prefer more sandwich than fries.  Maybe that's just me? 
But the atmosphere is nice.  I have friends that would go crazy for the cute pictures of the dogs hanging on the walls.  And they have a decent selection of beers on tap. 
Besides, I think it's cute that their website says, "Bone Appetite".
EDIT- Today I went back to Good Dog for a 6th time (Good Dog Burger- super delicious).  After eating, my boyfriend gestures to my plate and says, "You did much better this time." And then he leans back and says, "Oh, and I read your review on Good Dog," and smiles and nods.You can't go wrong with half-priced cans on Wednesdays, friendly service, and incredibly delicious food,
I had the veggie burger with goat cheese (recommended from the waitress) and it was really fantastic.  Great flavor and texture.  The fries are also really tasty.
No complaints here, aside from the noise level - which was above average.  Then again, it is a busy bar/restaurant in a kind of small space.