The sandwich was very good, but personally, I don't like a lot of meat on my sandwich. There was enough meat to make two more sandwiches. The sandwich was very good, on a great hoagie roll, and the employees were very nice.Flat out the best hoagies in the city, unless proven to me otherwise. Fresh, great ingredients, and seasoned to perfection. Anyone can pile lunchmeat on a roll (which GL does) but is the hoagie tasty??  That to me is the difference. My only complaint is that they don't have long fried hots, but that can be remedied by swinging by a good italian deli. Other than that, it gets no better. I've heard the cheesesteaks are the bizness too. Have to give that a try. Nice people there too btw.This small deli packs a big punch with their heroes. 
Our large cheesesteak was able to satiate our hunger after skipping breakfast. It was humongous, tasty, and very affordable. They carry various drinks and even make milkshakes. The outside area has several tables with umbrellas providing shade in a quiet alleyway in the middle of a block, perfect for tackling your gigantic hero with some dignity. Great staff. 
If you are from out of town and are trying to lyft here, just get off in the parking lot when you are close. You will find it inside the block.I was in town for business and tried to stop by another favorite spot, John's Roast Pork, but it is closed on Mondays. I found Gooey Looie's on Yelp, saw the good reviews, and decided to give it a shot. Once I found it, after navigating some very narrow Philly one-way streets, I couldn't have been happier. What a great local spot!! It's a small neighborhood market with a very friendly team working inside. I had a cheesesteak and it tasted amazing. I enjoyed it outside and was amazed at how great it tasted and the size of the portion. I was stuffed! If you're the type who likes to avoid the chain restaurants, you owe it to yourself to try this place.Wow!  This place sets the bar for cheesesteaks everywhere!  Great service and awesome cast of Philly characters!  Cheesesteaks are moist, perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of cheese and tons of meat. Prices are great too. Get onions and peppers on your sandwich; you won't regret it. Oh, don't forget to get the pickled condiments. Secret bonus!  For out of towers, a little hard to find as it sits in a very small strip mall within a residential neighborhood with very narrow one way streets. It resides in the same space as the Prudential Saving Bank so keeps your eyes peeled for it. Way worth the small inconvenience.Just had it the other day..my sis made me try it..she dropped one steak off..fed 3 people and we all were making noises while eating..so freakin good...in fact my sister last night said "I want a gooey looies cheesesteak" hahaa....def a little secret in south philly that needs to be spread around....!!!!!!!! love love love them.Gooey Looies...
I stepped in and felt like I was in a small town somewhere. It has a very old school feel to it. I was there to see what the steaks are about and while many places in Philly are easily forgettable, I'm always going to remember Looie's as the messiest steak I've ever had and that's a bit of a feat. 
That joint was packed with meat... sure. But it was like diffusing a bomb. It was a challenge just finding a good spot to grab because it seemed like either all the meat was gonna fall out or that it would slip from my hand because it was greasy/etc.
It really depends on who you ask. Some people dig that. I could only feel comfortable eating a steak this messy at home and I'm not messy eater. I should've known something was up when the girl at the counter asked me if I wanted forks and napkins... I said "no" and she made a crazy face like "Wow, he's about to get it in!." 
Looie's steak does remind me of an old nuisance deli's steak in West Philly, but without all the negative fanfare. I may end up here again sometime.If you never had a cheesesteak from them before I would go now run. The hoagies are so large you can only eat half. Support your local businesses and try the great food.Cheese steak was good but not anything that is notable compared to my other cheesesteak favorites.   I would go here if I lived close by but I would not personally seek out this place for the cheesesteak experience.Good luck finding the place.  It's tucked inside Pennsport mall, a small strip mall on Moyamensing.  But if you do you will be rewarded with quite possibly the fattest sammich on the planet.  
Minus one star for the lack of wiz, I'm a strong advocate of that nasty liquid 'cheese'.  I'll either provide my own or just suck it up and order extra provolone.  The extra definitely being a necessary request on the 'jumbo' as there is just so much meat that a 'regular' dose of cheese will get lost faster than my sister in a wet paper bag.  
Think you've found the best steak in the city?  If you haven't been to Gooey Louis' you just might be mistaken (no Olivieri pun intended).Amazing cheese steaks! Onions and sweet peppers are perfect. Can't wait to have one again!I've been going to gooey looies since the 90s maybe even longer, and I've always gotten either a great hoagie or as in the case today an excellent cheesesteak....so again another satisfied customer!!..Bon apetitReally disappointed in my cheesesteak and italian hoagie. I'm sure they mean well. The sandwiches were definitely loaded up with meat. Like overloaded. But both were just not good. Doubling the quantity of bad cold cuts doesn't make them good cold cuts. And the cheesesteak ratio of cheese to steak was thrown off since it was way to much steak. I'd rather have a normal sized sandwich that actually tastes good, than a bland one that's more food for your buck.
I was interested in trying a neighborhood spot, but sorely misled by the reviews here. Plenty of better places in the city.Gooey Looie's is a small, family run Bodega style deli. Reading all the reviews I was super excited to try a cheese steak from here. Honestly it was just average. There was defiantly plenty of meat but I think the cheese was lacking and the hero was definitely soggy. Would I come here again ? No.. but it wasn't the worst cheesesteak I've had!STAY AWAY!!  By far the WORST cheesesteak I have ever had in my life!!  The meat was chopped way too fine and was completely void of any flavor.I think I found the best hoagie in Philly! Wow! The proportions...monstrous! Called in an order and it was ready when I got there. Sounds routine, but I've had the opposite happen enough to note when it works as it should. Not sure who Gooey Looie is, but the big guy 'pictured in the photos' had a couple chicks on his lap and was talking bout smacking asses...sounds like my kind of place. LOL! I will be back.If you can find Gooey Looies, do yourself a favor and go.  It's tucked away in the Pennsport Mall, which is not really a mall... but a tiny, antiquated strip mall off of Moyamensing Ave.  If you're weren't specifically looking for it, there's not much likelihood you'd run across its doors unless you lived in the neighborhood.
Luckily for me, I used to live a few blocks from here.  Unfortunately for me, I often had an internal struggle over where to go for a cheesesteak -- Gooey Looies or John's.  John's usually won, but that's not a knock on Gooey Looies.  They have earned their place in my heart (and arteries) for their ENORMOUS amount of meat and cheese and far better-than-average total package.
It's a small deli shop selling a variety of chips, Tastykakes, candy that reminds me of my childhood (bags of burnt peanuts and miniature wax soda bottles full of juice anyone!?!), and hoagies.  If 10 people are in the store at once, it gets cramped quickly -- which it often is.
The guys that run this shop are nice and sarcastic, but not in a belittling way.  They will happily accommodate your specific ordering requests.
And oh yeah, it's cheap!  And again, the cheesesteaks are HUGE!  And delicious!  The way it should be.  You get a real sandwich here -- not a wussy interpretation of one.  Finish the whole cheesesteak.  I dare you to...  I do, but I know I shouldn't.
This is one of the best lesser known cheesesteaks in South Philly.
BEST WAY TO GET HERE FROM CENTER CITY:
Take the 57 bus south towards Whitman Plaza.  Get off at Moore Street.Born and raised in Philly and I've had a lot of cheesesteaks in my day. I had Gooey Louie's for the first time yesterday and it was absolutely amazing. Best cheesesteak I've ever had so far to date! Can't wait to try their Italian hoagie next!Hoagies and cheesteaks are insanely huge, but the line is equally long. I suggest calling ahead to save time. Overall, one of my favorite hoagie shops.I am too critical... so I wanted to visit again.
Lotsa meat, campy charm inside. I was pleased. Bumping up to 3 stars for me.
Go Gooey, go Looie's!Had a chesse steak hoagie it was gd need to go again i  recommend this to anyone from ny down here in philly this is must stop b4 heading back to nyThis is South Philly at its finest, the real deal, genuine article, the big cheese...etc. Please if you are a tourist and reading this...stay away...this is a local only type of place and I wouldn't want it any other way (plus you probably couldn't find it anyway).
Don't ask for whiz...bring cash....stay off your cell phone when ordering...and if you want a shake, order it first from the cashier so it will be ready when your sandwich is. One of the finest and largest Cheesesteaks around. At Gooey's I like it with Swiss, mayo, raw onions, and hot peppers. I'm frustrated writing this because it's making me crave one now.I think this was my first cheesesteak in Philadelphia. I have tended towards sandwiches almost exclusively, but thought this would be the moment where I went full Phil. 
If you're looking for local, this hits the bulls-eye. The little shop has a couple of guys in the back, taking orders by en masse then cooking them all up at once. A small sandwich is pretty much a perfect amount - which is to say huge. I would even prefer splitting a small, that's how big they are. The hoagies are ridiculous sized; If I were going to a party, it would make perfect sense to bring one of these and ask them to cut it in quarters or eights. 
I would definitely come back for an Italian or a Jewish sandwich. Yep, the sandwich is called Jewish. Never seen that before. But I guess it's just another ethnicity, so why can't a sandwich be a Jew? 
To note: You can get on the highway pretty easily from here, so it's a good souvenir for a car ride back to NYC.  I will do this at least 2 more times before I feel comfortable truly understanding Gooey Louie's.I do not understand why people are raving about these cheesesteak I had was ok at best I only ate half and I threw the rest away. I rather have quality over quantity and they do give you a lot of meat! The staff was very friendly but with all that being said I will not be returning to  Gooey Louie's again.Gooey Looie's is a small deli located in South Philly. It is take out only, but there is a courtyard outside to eat at. You must also order before 6:39 PM as they run out of rolls for the day. The taste of Gooey Looie's is nothing special but it is the best deal for your buck in all of Philly, The sandwiches and hoagies are pretty cheap and they pack in the meat to the point where it is overflowing and you may need a fork to eat it. The cheesesteak is okay, there's a lot of chopped up meat with no real spices on it. The best sandwiches are the cold cuts. The Italian is very good as is the turkey club. These sandwiches are the best value for your buck and a whole hoagie is more than enough for 2 people.I've lived in Pennsport for over a year now and I can't believe I just discovered Gooey Looie's (probably because it's located in the unassuming Pennsport Mall, which houses a bank and maybe a dentist's office and some other stuff).  Who knew it was hiding such a gem?
Overall, it's super friendly and got that neighborhood "everybody knows everybody" vibe.  Very tiny- kinda reminds me of the corner bodegas in North Philly we used to get Dutches and Arizona Iced Teas from.  Love the vibe. 
They have every emergency go-to you might need: canned foods, toiletries, etc., but I made a beeline right for the deli in the back.  Most corner stores have typical Boars Head or Old Nelson delis but none serve up cheesesteaks, too.  When you're not in the mood for just plain cold lunchmeat (though based on the reviews, it seems their Italian sub might be the way to go), definitely try the cheesesteak; if anything, for its sheer enormity.  It was close to $9 or $10, but SO worth it (not like the underwhelming Pat's or Geno's).
I opted for a cheesesteak with provolone and fried onions, though I neglected to request salt, pepper, ketchup which I think would have made a big difference.  The cheesesteak was GIGANTIC (we saved half for lunch the next day), the roll was fresh and held up pretty nicely to the weight, and the meat was tender and juicy.  But it was just lacking in flavor and there weren't enough onions on it to boost it up a notch.  I would definitely modify it next time to up the ante on the flavor: whiz, salt, pepper, ketchup, EXTRA fried onions, etc.  Then you'd have a delicious, monster cheesesteak.  It's really about how you customize it, ya know?
It only took about ten minutes after ordering in, but I'd suggest calling ahead and picking it up.  Also, there's a freakin' ice cream/sundae section in front which is great to know and they carry all those great pure sugar cane Mountain Dews and Pepsis.  The girl at the cashier counter was super nice and definitely made me feel like I was a regular.  I will absolutely be back here considering it's within walking distance (though it does have a parking lot, which is nice).
FYI, cash only.Some people love gooie's but I never got a chance to try them. I called in one day to see when they close (another disadvantage considering genos is open 24\7) and I couldn't get past the goon on the phone. Just had a simple question and he replied in a way that made me feel unwelcome.This place was recommended to me by local staff where I was working for the week. Now, it's a regular stop for me when in Philly. The Cheese Steak is great, but my absolute favorite is the Italian Hoagie!!!Big fan of cheese steaks and decided to give them a shot... Fresh rolls tons of meat and reg american cheese... All around a good steak but no cheese wiz which is where my gripe is.. Some hate it some love it but I feel with all the meat u need to load it up with wiz.. Tons of steak and reg american or provolone just wont cut it for me the steak overpowers the cheese by 10 to 1. A damn good italian hoagie though is also on my list that I tried and was awesome. If u want the largest steak in town by pure volume and good quality check these guys out!As a transport to Pennsport I sought a legitimate "spot" for sandwiches. This place is the best ! The cheesesteaks, hoagies, Everything is Great. 
A quick recommendation that most people miss is that they offer sandwiches in 3 different sizes !!! The smallest is $3.95 and is ALMOST the size of a wawa classic!!  I tend to go small and buy a few!!This place has to be one of the better cheesesteak I had in a while. For $9.10 definitely got our money worth. It was so much meat we got an extra roll for $.75 on the side to put some of the meat into. This is definitely one of those hole in the wall place I can't believe I live in south philly all my life and use to go to high school down the street from this hidden gem yet never been here till now. So for those of you looking for a good cheesesteak forget about Geno and Pat's steak which is overrated and don't come close when you compare with this place. You get like 1/3 the amount of meat in Geno or Pat steak. This is a must try place if you looking for a decent steak. A large is definitely enough to share for two.Apparentley, I was a cheesesteak craving fool without knowing it.  
So, ignore the name a little bit.  don't let it sway you from experiencing this source of delectable goodies. (goo and all)  
I love this place.  Awesome rolls, good food, and cheap.  My steak was a "small"  which to Louie means almost the length of a dachsund.  Really though, it's big and just under 5 bucks.  crazy.
You're likely to walk in on a couple of philly guys shootin it over a cup of coffee with the guys that work there.  neighborhood joint.  I dig that in a hoagie shop.  
convenience store/hoagie/steak shop.  Inside pennsport mall.  there's three small tables to sit.  i think they take CC over 10$.  really nice people inside.  donuts and other stuff too.  always parking in the lot.  they brag over their chicken salad but I can't see past the cheesesteak bliss.After 3 years in Philly searching for the best cheesesteak, this is where we found it! Sure, all of the tourists can go to Jim's or Pat's or Geno's....but if you want the best cheesesteak in Philly, this is where you get it. 
No one yells at you or throws you to the back of the line if you're not ready to order. Gooey Looie's is hidden well...in a small strip mall that looks more like apartments (Pennsport Mall). When you first walk in, it looks like a typical convenience store...but look closer and you'll see the small grill and deli case in the back. 
Gooey's doesn't do "wiz". Their white american is melted perfectly..so much so that you'll never miss the wiz. The cheesesteaks are loaded with meat and each bite is delicious. The onions are grilled perfectly and there is tons of flavor in each bite. 
Gooey's is definitely a diamond in the rough and worth the trip.This place was the only good thing my ex ever showed me. This place makes the biggest sandwiches in the world and they are good! They gut out the bread and stuff as much meat as they can...they even charge extra for making the sandwich smaller! The only complaint I have heard about this place is that their serving size is OVER KILL! In this economy, that is a good complaint.
You can serve a small family from their sandwiches...and the quality of the left over food when warmed up is just as high as the first time you taste it.Their hoagies are the BEST. THE BEST. It's one of the places where if you don't eat it in a while, you start getting cravings. Horrible midnight cravings. 
I also tried their cheesesteaks. Can't say I'm a fan though. But don't let that affect you.A gold mine!!!  Yippee!!! Found a great hoagie.  After conferring with my goombas about great hoagies,  I took a ride over to the Pennsport neighborhood to check it out.  The planets must have been in perfect alignment that day, because my car took me right to it. Several different varieties of Italian hoagies, I went with the basic, with "The Works".  Just stuffed with prosciutto, along with a few other things.  Roll was unbelievable.  EVO dripping off the roll, it was pure heaven.   It was great watching my meat get sliced just seconds before it was devoured.  Fresh slicing makes a huge difference.  The guys that work there were happy to answer my questions about what was in each hoagie.  This is serious business here.  Got a table and a Coke and sat down and BS'd with the guys there, a fun start to the afternoon.  Caution - these things are monsters.  I can eat alot, and I could only eat half of the hoagie.  And the big guy in the picture below still works there.  A good man to know, for sure.  Next time I'm anywhere near CC, I'm going backSo delicious. I ordered a small Philly with everything on it, just incredible. Awesome food, fantastic service and yea, GPS will take you the the back door. Just walk around to the front, worth every single cent.Sandwiches the size of a newborn baby.  (No exaggeration)
Always a recommendation to out of towner's looking for a local cheesesteak spot outside of the tourist traps.
Great food, awesome staff.  Wish they were open longer but it's whatever.
Love this place!I'm glad I drove past Pat's and Geno's and came to this local joint.  Best cheese steak I've ever had.I must admit, this was the first cheesesteak I have ever had....and now I am addicted. Had the cheesesteak hoagie with onions....and the hoagie was stuffed full of high quality, flavorful steak. This was exactly the experience I was looking for on my first trip to philly. I saved half my cheesesteak for home later and it was just as good later. This place is a little hard to find, but when you do...yep...well worth it. Just do not think you are going to get to dine there because the place is busy and there is no room for customers to sit down. It's okay....I cannot wait to get back to philly for this...as I have since tried another "top 10" spot and it was good, but made me wish I had went to Gooey Looie's. I definitely recommend this place!Aaahhhhhh Gooey Looies! To this South Philly girl it is a staple of life in South Philly for YEARS!!! Always fresh, always good. There is no doubt that you will have lunch for 2 days with one half of this hoagie. Usually it takes me 4 days to eat an entire hoagie (broken down into smaller sandwiches of course-lol). Fresh meat, fresh seasonings, a bag of chips, a fruit punch hug, and a tootsie roll or footie on the walk home. I absolutely love it! You walk in and you feel like a kid all over again going to the corner store. It's like family everytime you walk in there. LOVE IT! I'm so glad it's still there. You can't get more of a perfect home grown, generational, South Philly Italian hoagie shop than this!Best Hoagie in Philly. The country. 
Don't believe me? Dare you. 
Also, you probably will not finish it. You will want to though.
Cash.All time best authentic Philly cheesesteak !!!! Sautéed onions, hot peppers, provolone cheese (ok I know authentic is technically cheese wiz), and juicy shredded beef! I only wish they served fries.One word. Amazing! This is a hole in the wall...small..convenient store type place, with a deli in the back. The cheese steaks were out of this world. I wish I had gotten 5 more to bring back home to Syracuse with me. Don't miss out on this gem while in Philly!My friends and I were a bit perplexed, apparently it was IN a plaza. At first we were confused but the loving smell of the cheese steaks guided us to the place. Note to folks who look for it: trust your instincts. 
I would love to come back here again. This place gave a LOT of meat and the cheesy-ness was more apparent when you hit the inner parts of the cheesesteak. I would have loved this place over Jim's more if they had more cheese wiz.  but still, the meat as oh so good =9First cheesesteak I've had with provolone and it was very good. There's a ton of meat on there so you have to work your way down to the borderline bland meat to get to the cheese. Once you get there it is worth it. Next time I'll probably ask for extra cheese.
The store itself looks like a mini convenience/deli/ice cream shop so much different than the other cheesesteak spots in the city. Also kind of hard to find.
The cheesesteak was big enough to split between two people and came out to a little over $10.Great little hole in the wall mom and pop kind of place that seems to have disappeared in urban areas. I had a cheesesteak with sweet peppers and onions that were spot on. CASH ONLY.Avoid the Tourist traps...Pats, Genos, Tony Lukes and whoever else....Go straight to Goeey Looies and then write me a thank you note...
Haven't had their cheesesteaks in about 2 years cause I can't spend my life eating Cheesesteaks...but when I DO get a cheesesteak....this is the place!  I have described them before so I will not be redundant...just get there....use your GPS and get there!
That is all!Gigantic proportions here! Buy an extra roll if you get a sandwich because you'll have enough lunch meat or cheesesteak for an extra! Quality of the meats and cheeses is pretty good but the bread could be better. One stop shop for drinks and common grocery items as wellThe Jewish Deluxe hoagie with the works is a masterpiece! Fresh ingredients, great service, and an establishment I ways visit when I'm in town!Being that I live a block or two away from the Pennsport Mall, I've been meaning to come here. Based on what was said in others' reviews, I wasn't disappointed. 
The pizza cheesesteak I ordered with onions and sweet peppers for $5.20 was HUGE and tasty with juices running all over the place so make sure you have a roll of paper towels nearby. They wrap the cheesesteak up pretty well, I think I went through 3 layers of foil until I got to it. Lots and lots of meat! The bread was saturated but it's to be expected, since the sub is so juicy.
The strip mall is tiny. There ARE tables inside but they are only useful if you want to wait inside for your order. They do not take any credit/debit cards. I went on a weekday around 2PM and the wait for 2 sandwiches was not long at all.
I'm glad I finally got to visit this place. Unfortunately, I didn't check their hours, so I'm not sure of their weekend hours.The Italian hoagie is the best $8 spent on a hoagie period. The amount of meat on it is like no other and worth every dollar. I just wish this place accepted credit and debit cards for convenience purposes.Pretty tasty! I only have one complaint and to most it really wouldn't be one. It has way to much meat it was like eating a baby cow. I literally could only eat about 2 bites (though it was tasty). For South Philly think there better than Pat's or Gino's.Is there a way to report reviews as spam??
I'm absolutely offended by that one guy's Gooey Looie's review. 
First thing first, he called it a "sub." Boy, bye.
Knew of it before it was hot? My mother still raves about how great Gooey Looie's is and how my long-deceased grandfather used to take her there as a special treat. It was THE place to get hoagies, and she hasn't lived in south Philly since 1981. The only reason she doesn't go anymore is because she lives in Tennessee now. 
Friendly by South Philly standards? Everyone from the locals to the staff are amazingly warm and greety. On my most recent visit -yesterday- we collectively sang Happy Birthday to Helen.
Lucky for him, we can't report wanna be hipster journalism as spam on the Yelps.
As I told my mom - she squealed when I called to tell her from where I'd just come, my Christmas Eve hoagie was pretty much $8 of perfection, but next time I'll get the smaller version that has half as much meat. I always see the sign for it and think, "what kind of lame would want such a thing?" But now I remember. :-(
Everything about the sandwich is bleeping amaaaaazing from the bread to the super fresh and extra flavorful meats, but...
As Q stated in her review, the only possible complaint is enormity of portion size. I have to hold it like a softball and the bread to meat ratio is way low. All kinds of messy. I'll get the less meat version next time. (It made me totally sad to type that last sentence. Who have I become?)This is more what I was expecting from a cheese steak. Got mushrooms, cheese and some of the juiciest steak I've ever had on this sandwich. The bread was good, too, but unfortunately, no self-serve pickles. I need dem pickles to make the steak sing.Like others have mentioned, this place is off the beaten path- truly hidden in a strip mall with decent parking in front.  
Looie's is truly a grocery store (more like a deli) - not a restaurant with seating.  The store feels crowded if more than 10 people are inside.  They only accept cash!!  No credit cards and no public bathrooms.  So go ready with cash in hand...
Having said all of the above.  This place is totally worth a visit.  It's not very touristy but the hoggies are incredible!!  They really pile the meat on and melt the cheese as the cook the sandwich.
I had the Philly cheesesteak with cooked onions.  A coworker had the same with peppers.  Both were excellent.
Find Looie's, park your car, bring cash, step up- order your sub, pick up some Philly souvenirs (while waiting)- a Philly's ball cap or t shirt for $10 bucks and enjoy one of the best hoggies in the city.  All for $5.50.I eat meat occasionally, but I have always wanted to try a cheesesteak and Hoagie in Philadelphia.  This place was  recommended by Phili residents and I wanted an authentic food experience.   The cheesesteak was prepared with chopped meat, melted provolone cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms.   I also tried the Italian Hoagie and added turkey meat. The meat, lettuce and tomatoes were very fresh and perfectly chilled.  I added peppers. So delicious.  The bread was fresh and  did not overwhelm the sandwiches. Everything is prepared large and with american cheese unless otherwise specified.  So make that clear when ordering because no one will ask what size or what type of cheese.
You won't find this place by driving through the neighborhood.  It's is a word of mouth and cash only establishment.   The location is not visible from the street or even the parking lot.   The price was reasonable. There is one table outside the deli.  The place is very small inside, but there are 3 or 4 very small tables and chairs. Other patrons may be standing close by as they order or wait on their food.  The people working there are friendly.Real friendly staff it what seems to be a family owned convenience store and sandwich shop. 
I went with the large cheesesteak and it was very good and overstuffed which sets it apart from other ones I have had. I will say that the large is monstrous and you really should consider sharing it with someone else. 
Steak was well seasoned and it would definitely hit up this spot which as an added bonus has a parking lot which is out of the ordinary for a neighborhood shop.Best & biggest in town!  Once hooked you cannot resist coming back again & again!. Pure & simple, steak, great rolls, cheese of you choice. My fav is provolone wit sauce!This was my FIRST cheesesteak IN Philly!!!
I have to say, when I got there I was NOT impressed. It's a cramped deli in a ghost-town mall. When we ordered our food, the man told us we had to wait 30 minutes! It was lunch time....come on people!! Butttt....when we did get our food, let me tell YOU, it was a GOOD sandwich. Definitely worth the wait and the price was CHEAP! FIVE DOLLARS for a small sandwich (which was not small btw) that was packed with steak and cheese. Definitely give it a chance!Yelp really let me down on this one. I am floored. This was MI-STEAK!!!  No flavor, cheap meat, average roll. From the reviews, along with the hole in the wall ambiance I thought I has stumbled upon gold. As it turns out It was honestly below average. Go to John's Roast Pork if you want a real South philly steak.My boyfriend was constantly talking about this place but we never seemed to be in the area and hungry when they were open. The stars finally aligned on Saturday and we made it there! I got a small cheesesteak with fried onions, american cheese, ketchup and mayo. The bf got a large with onions, mushrooms, american cheese, ketchup, and mayo. We both got a bag of chips and a drink and the bill was around $20. We drove about 30 minutes to get home and even after the drive the hoagies were still warm. There was a lot of meat and even with the drive the bread held up well. The flavor was good and I was definitely full from the small. Would never be able to eat a large in one sitting even though the bf did! The bread, while it held up well, could be better and I like it when the cheese is melted on top and then chopped in with the meat instead of all on the bottom. People working there were friendly and funny. All in all I would surely visit again!You need to know what you are getting into with Gooie's...
Last Saturday...
12:11 PM - Stop into Gooie Louie's for an Italian Hoagie w/ Hot Peppers, but of course I top it off with a Coke and some chips (as if the sandwich wasn't enough).
12:13 PM - The couple guys and one woman I've encountered that work there are the epitome of South Philly.  Hard working, incredibly friendly, and grateful that you are supporting such a fine local establishment.  Never got any lip, like I have at some other South Philly stops.  Anyway, get my sandwich, which feels like a football.
12:57 PM - Arrive in Bucks County to watch my little brother play Little League.  I munched on the hoagie the whole ride home, nearly getting into an accident trying to tackle the beast.
2:46 PM - Begin my drive back to the city, still chipping away at this sandwich.  Small bites, about 60% done now.
4:12 PM - Take a nap.  Dream of hoagie.
6:38 PM - Wake up, crack open a beer and finish up lunch, which I graciously considered dinner, at this point.  All for under 10 bucks, you just can't beat it.So everyone has heard of Pat's, Geno's and Jim's...which all seem awesome
 UNTIL YOU'VE BEEN HERE!!  This and Chink's are the best cheesesteak places in the city. Even though Chink's is tasty, Gooey Looie's not only tastes awesome, but their steaks are HUGE!!!! $7.25 for a cheese steak or hoagies that would be 3 at Genos. Also the people are really nice and they dont shove you in an d out like cattle at the tourist trap places. 
And best part is the don't have a sign saying "When Ordering, English only!"
Go here it rules.Wow! Certainly was not disappointed for this off the beaten path deli. This little mom and pop shop helped me have the best philly Cheesesteak experience. Cooked to order, meat super chopped and delicious  with the perfect roll and fixins. Dine in for hilarious local entertainment. Super friendly!Never would have found this place in not for the Food Network (remember that $24 in 24 (hours)?)  Great show.  Shame it was cancelled.
Pretty sure this place is the only reason to keep the Pennsport "Mall" open, although the parking lot does mean this is less of a pain in the ass to stop in for a quick bite than most places in the city.  The store is like a 7 Eleven that got old and lazy.  Kind of depressing.  But again (see Paesano's review), the sandwiches coming out of here are amazing.  Other reviewers have commented on the giant cheesesteaks, and they are not lying.  Legit.  Giant.  $8.95?  Sure why not.  Ask for extra cheese as the enormity of the sandwich throws off the meat to cheese ratio a little.  A definite must try.I have lived in South Philly for 12 years and only this year I came to know about this place. I am so glad I found this place. They make absolutely the biggest hoagies in town. I usually order a small hoagie here which would be large in most other establishments. I doubt if there is anyone else who puts as much meat as these guys do. However, I am not a big fan of their cheesesteak. You need to go to John's Roast Pork for that.Best cheestake in Philly. Skip the tourist shops and come here. Great staff and great stakes.Uuugghhh where do I start!!! I couldn't wait to get here to try this place..... And it was everything I thought it would be  I took my 2yr old with me and they just treated him like family (me too) they were soooo nice! What I ordered: a large cheese steak with mayo, provolone, ex ex onions, and ketchup and a large hoagie, turkey mixed with buffalo chicken, mayo, lettuce n tomato, onions, no cheese (for later) I ate the steak there and I was so heavy I couldn't move!!! It was an awesome steak! I ate the hoagie this morning and amaze balls as well! I have to travel back to Philly today(from DE), I'm gonna have to use heavy self control in order to not go back!Huge Portions.  Solid overall cheesesteak. Finely chopped.  I wouldn't go out of my way for it but I wouldn't turn one down.I thought to myself, "certainly a place hidden in this old, run-down Pennsport strip mall can't offer much good - what with their 10 year old Rice-A-Roni boxes and Beefaroni cans gathering inches of dust on their shelves," but let me tell you how wrong I was. Gooey Looies offers THE BEST cheesesteak hoagie I've had in my life. I never was much of a fan of the lettuce & tomato on the classic grilled sandwich, but with their perfectly layered, finely shredded mound of lettuce and thinly sliced tomatoes delicately (I use this word very loosely - really, nothing is delicate about their 5 pound hoagies) perched atop a three inch stack of utterly thin-sliced steak and onion, mayo and american - I simply can't resist.
Their Italian is another irresistible jam-packed delicious pile of comforting cured meats, cheese and the same combination of finely shredded lettuce and sliced tomatoes. You will never, in your life, see as much fresh-cut, paper-thin cappicola, salami and prosciutto piled into a torpedo roll, this is truly sent down from heaven. Their rolls have the perfect bit of tenderness - not soggy, not too hard - but precariously riding the line. Service is always friendly and prices are also very friendly. For an Italian or cheesesteak hoagie in Philadelphia, this is surely the place to (b)eat!!!Excellent!!! Hoagies and cheese steaks full of meat and flavor.
My husband and I will definitely come back!There's a Yelper on this page who says the steaks are the size of a newborn baby. He's not kidding. Don't blink because you'll miss this place. It's in a little plaza/strip mall thing. Hard to find if you're not from the area but so worth it. They don't skimp on the meat at all! I got a large steak with provolone and fried onions and it was REALLY good! The large could easily feed two very hungry people. I ate half of a half for lunch, finished the other piece for dinner and wasn't hungry again until the next day. I love that. My only complaint is the meat isn't particularly well-seasoned. It could use a kick up or two. WAY more salt and pepper and maybe some fresh minced garlic or something. It's not a big enough issue to take a star off of their rating.
It seems like a family run joint. I dig that. There wasn't much talking but everyone was polite and respectful. Luckily, it wasn't crowded at all when I went. That was a plus because I know it gets busy during prime grub hours. I didn't see fries or anything like that. Honestly, I wasn't looking for them. They're located in a mini convenience store so you can grab chips if you really need something to go with your steak but it's so filling, I don't think you'll need anything but a drink. I'll be back soon.Amazing Philly Cheese Steak! I would go back anytime. Thanks guys, need more Large and XL shirts.Hidden little gem for cheap food quick. This little deli is buried in S.Philly and makes obscenely large hoagies and sandwiches for next to nothing. It's a tight little blue collar deli that is usually packed tight on Saturday, so placing your order ahead is the best route. The grill closes at 6 but they'll make you a sandwich until about 7:30, maybe even 8:00. There its quantity over quality (don't get me wrong, the sandwiches are great) and the cheese-steak carries this ability to put you to sleep shortly after.
If your budgets tight, your dollar goes far here. I recommend the tuna, a bag of salt 'n vinegar chips and a lot of napkins.I travel from New Jersey to get these hoagies! 
Gooey Looie's is definitely one of those places you would say " don't judge the book by it's cover" It's a small deli shop with the look of an old convenient store. My boyfriend told me about this place since his mom used to go when she lived in South Philadelphia. First time I went I got a large Italian hoagie.... It was huge! There was so much meat on the hoagie and they used descent meat. The capicola was spicy which I loved and it's hard to find a place that uses the good spicy capicola. It wasn't the cheap stuff. The roll was very soft and there was a good amount of cheese on the hoagie. I could barely finish half of the hoagie! I usually can finish and entire hoagie with chips and a soda but not this one! The other half of the hoagie I took half the meat and put it on another roll. So I made 3 hoagies out of it! 
The second time I went we ordered a cheese steak. As a fan of "Wiz without" they don't use Cheez Whiz so it wasn't the same as a good south philly cheese steak but it was pretty tasty. I had to eat half the meat with a fork! If you like cheese make sure to get it with extra cheese. 
All in all I give Gooey Looie's a 5 star rating for the size of their hoagies, the quality of the meats, and the courtesy of the staff. You have to try them!they got the biggest cheesesteak's in Philly. MAJOR KEY ALERTThank you for the best corned beef specials. Also great service! You two kick ass in a small space, and the lady at the register is on top of her game.Let's just start by saying that I had to create a yelp account just because of this joint. I've been looking every where for a quality Italian hoagie. Oh man did I find it... If you love heaping amounts of fresh quality product well... come here and order anything.  It will be your new favorite place. Trust me.
$8 for an Italian w/everything? Yup... And it's so huge I could use it as a free weight before devouring it (and that applies to anything on the menu).
Won't be going anywhere else for my Italian hoagie I'll tell ya that right now.Happy Birthday Howard!
I gotta say that the the cheese-steak was good, but not, "get in the car and drive past 3 other places to get there" , good like some previous reviews would insinuate. The portions are huge and after finishing my small I was glad I hadn't gone for the regular sized steak. The place was doing a steady turnover and people practically needed sherpas to carry out their sandwiches. 
To know: This place is tiny. Only three little (smaller than the amount of paper they wrap the sandwiches in small) tables and very tight space. Don't count on sitting. 
The real reason I'm giving 4 stars is because of the staff. These guys and gals (did I really just write 'gals'?) were a lot of fun. Going out of their way to be helpful, friendly, etc. Their spirit carried over to the patrons waiting. Everyone was smiling and talking to each other like old friends. The kicker was when an older gentleman mentioned to someone his birthday was the previous day. The guy behind the register overheard that and yelled it to the guy on the grill and before you knew it he's yelling out, "Hey everybody, let's sing Howard happy birthday!" and we did. You should have seen Howard's face light up... 
3 stars for a good steak and 1 big star for making everyone smile on a miserably cold day.It's remarkable that the guy making these sandwiches resembles the very product he's producing.  Seriously, buy any sandwich on a roll and compare.  It'll be like you're seeing doubles.
Oh and good luck fitting that hoagie or cheesesteak in your mouth without spilling the entire contents out.  Yeah, it's just a cheesesteak, but it gets five stars because it's ri-goddamn-diculous.The best cheesesteaks our family ever had. Outstanding food. The staff are very friendly and helpful. If you are not an expert at how to order your cheesesteaks, they walk you through it. Will definitely visit again!I'm just so conflicted. Been going here for years. Even rave about it to out of towners. But for the past couple of visits it been something off.  My hoagies weren't right. My steaks were bland. Mind you I was a hungry pregnant girl so I was definitely hungry. But it's not so bad that I'm giving the food away so I guess if your hungry go here. The portions are enough for two people. So that's a draw for me. I usually take half the meat off. The sandwiches were really good. Maybe the staff is different.There is no seating except outside on community benches with people smoking all around. They also do not accept credit cards.Two words: Cheesesteak. Hoagie. You want this more than their already epic cheesesteaks. They are incredible and delicious and perfect in every way. Also, they tend to be more manageable in terms of size. 
Pro-tip: Call your order in advance so you don't have to wait around for like 10-15 minutes. It can get cramped in the small shop. Although, the dudes that work there are awesome and super nice so it probably wouldn't be that bad either way. Also be sure to mention if you want a small or large hoagie/cheesesteak because, as the sign says, all sandwiches are assumed to be large unless otherwise specified.Most amazing hoagie EVAH! Fresh sandwich, friendly service and amazing value! Will definitely return! Thanks for a delightful meal!A month later, back in Philly I decided to try a some more food of the gods, otherwise known as the Philly cheese steak. While Geno's was horrible, and Pat's was outstanding - the reigning king was Jims on South ST. I decided to try Rick's in Reading Station. We had heard good things about Rick's (who may be losing his lease to Tony Luke's), who is the grandson of Pat (Patty O). After flying all day from LAX, we hustled to make it to Rick's before closing (5:00 pm). We arrived at 4:50, and were told they were closed. Thanks for nothing! Later telling the story to a co-worker, he told me that he was denied a cheese steak at 4:00, saying they had run out of bread. Sorry Rick - you had your chance - no review for you! Our Limo driver told us the best Steak in Philly was Gooey Louie's. He was good enough to pick it up for us on the way to the airport. Oh my god - HEAVEN!!! The best cheese steak in the world. It was inexepensive ($6.00), and huge!!! The flavor of the meet (choped & diced) was incredible. It was piled so high the large bun couldn't hold it all. I ordered Whiz Wit, but they were out of Whiz. They substituted American cheese (white) for the Whiz. I was concerned of it losing some flavor. No reason to worry & from now on I will order American at Gooey Louie's. They put so much cheese in it & mixed it with the meat - that it was just as GOOEY as whith Wiz. It was awesome & so huge - I saved the second half for a later meal. Gooey Louie'sis the KING OF PHILLY CHEESE STEAKS!!!!I got tipped off on this place years ago, and was blown away by the size of their cheesesteak. But for some reason, probably because I lived nowhere close to it, it dropped off my radar.
Now, I live a mile away, and my lady friend and I rode bikes to pick up lunch here a few days ago. We'd ordered ahead, and our food was waiting when we got there: a large cheesesteak, a large turkey hoagie and a corned beef on rye, which came to a refreshing $22 and weighed a ton.
The cheesesteak was even bigger than I remembered it, and was filled with flavor; if it were halved in size, it would still stand beat the pants off of many other cheesesteaks around here. The turkey hoagie was no smaller and also a scrumptious feast, and my lady's tasty corned beef was about the size of a small accordion. We got all this on Monday, and I'm eating the last of it for dinner tonight, on Thursday. There's just so much of it.
A parting note - they don't have bacon. They ALMOST lost a star for not offering bacon. I'm utterly baffled by their lack of bacon. The fact that I'm letting it slide should speak volumes for their food, because let me tell you - I really love bacon.I had to try this place when I began yelping 87 reviews at 4 stars , I figured had to be decent cheesteak place I was dead wrong they sell steak emss not rib eye ,, if u like alot ground meat I'm a sandwich go here not real cheesesteak  place in my eyes and I'm steak guy !!! Ill give it to them they pack a sandwich ,, and I didn't get a hoagie but if I was getting hoagie I go to Ricci or p&s maybe primos if I'm near there !!! 4-2-145 star hoagie....1 star service. Maybe it was the 109 degree heat in the cramped joint or maybe three sweaty dudes working way too close to each other made for some unhappy business owners. I know its big bad Philly, but for christs sake smiling won't cause cancer. 
As for the hoagie, I needed help carrying it out. Immense. As big as a Hillary lie on Sunday. I'll be back with cash this time.I had a regular at the bar where I worked 10 years ago who would regularly bring me Gooey Louies.  
He would come by with a sandwich that weighed more than a new-born. 
I would eat 20% of it, totally satiated.  Over the course of the next few days, I would re-enact Homer Simpson with his gigantic sandwich.  
Pure bliss.I was fairly disappointed with Gooey Louies. I biked down on a hot summer day with a friend, who had been there many times. The location is very odd (it's within some sort of business/outdoor mall kind of thing). The inside of a place is a deli/convenience store setting with not much room.
You head to the back to order your sandwich and the staff isn't particularly friendly nor are they rude. I ordered the cheesesteak, which seemed only appropriate. We sat outside to eat our meals and as I took a bite, i was fairly disappointed.
The meat was kind of sad looking and the sandwich overall didn't have a lot of flavor. I ended up throwing the other half out. I hope that I'm wrong, and that maybe it wasn't the right day so I will try GL's once more int he future.http://railroadrobert.blogspot.com/2016/05/the-cheesesteak-challenge-philadelphia.html?spref=fb&m=1
Gooey Looie's are in a league of their own.  When I say that, I mean Sonny's was a great steak, but this place off the beaten path of McClellan and 2nd are doing something to Cheesesteaks that no other place does.  That's their secret, they know how to cook a steak to perfection without drying it out one bit but in fact it's done so amazingly, it retains all that gooeyness that's makes it so flavorful and juicy and they do it with an amazing white cooper sharp cheese that blows the doors off of American, provolone or whiz!  
I had the privilege of getting the opportunity to share my story with the owner and talk shop and more importantly talk steak!  I shared with him my mission and that it had officially been fulfilled once I ate at his grocery/sandwich shop.  I told him that I was getting them plain, without peppers, onions or anything exotic that would skew my ability to judge the meal for what it is, "cheese" + "steak".  I asked him if the original ingredients that go into one.   The original cheese and what was with the whiz.  It started with American and somewhere along the line whiz made it in there and here we are.  He didn't recommend the whiz, which to me ruins it.  It is alright but too much cheese whiz is just way too much to deal with.  I can't even finish a steak that's topped with whiz.  He did recommend the cooper sharp cheese and on my second visit, I indulged!  He was right!  That is the way a steak should be, so if your ever in area...STOP!!!  GPS this place and go!  They are the friendliest bunch of Philadephians I encountered in my time there and they also have this amazing local dessert called water ice that's a really tasty, post cheesesteak treat.  It quenches without being too sweet.  The prices are the fairest of them all and the staff are the best.    Hands down, without a doubt, thee BEST Philly Cheesesteak out there.   You guys are amazing, keep doing what you're doing, see you soon!
Thanks!
There you have it.  My review.  The best cheesesteak!  I hope you enjoyed the read and get an opportunity to taste the steak for yourself.  Cheers!When I lived in another state I would stop here on my way to the airport,now that I am back YEAH!!!!!!!I'm from California so I didn't know what to expect. To be honest wasn't quite sure how to order either. But they were so kind and friendly they really dumbed it down for us! And as soon as we took one bite something magical happened. And we knew life in the sandwich lane would never be the same! By far the best cheesesteak ever!Yup, this place is the one, you can stop looking for something better now. I got the advice from a local chef that we ran into at a bar the night prior that we shouldn't waste our time with Geno's or Pat's & to just go to Looie's. 
The meat was bordering on excessive & came out steaming hot! The provolone cheese was melted & holding everything together like a sort of cheese mortar haha the hot peppers were just the sliced jalapenos that you would get on nachos & the spicy mustard lended a nice bite to the flavor spectrum. This place is appropriately named because that was one Gooey cheesesteak! You WILL need a fork to not let the meat that falls out go to waste :) the roll it came on was nondescript, it did it's job of housing the meat & soaking up some of the grease. The only way it could've been better is if they seasoned their meat before grilling & toasted the bun, still delicious though.
This place is a hidden gem in the middle of Pennsport Mall between houses, a gym & other small businesses ranging from a dentists office to a nail salon. Get your nails did AFTER enjoying your cheesesteak! Or take a short walk to Dickinson Square park to get the blood flowing after gorging yourself on one of their cheesesteaks! & mine was a small!!Stopped by because the Philadelphians told me NOT to waste my money on the traditional places.. Pats & Genos.. Monster sized Cheesesteak (Don't make the mistake of using the word Philly when ordering - got a little razzed for being from 'Jersey)  Liked the selection of cheeses.. Next time will get extra cheese for the bottom and the top.  Call in your order 1/2 hr ahead! Will be waiting for you when you get there...Not as great as it's hyped up to be. Husband enjoyed his philly but wasn't the best he's ever had. I made the mistake of getting a cheeseburger and it was def a frozen patty. I forced myself through half of it and threw away the rest. Very small and gets crowded quickly. 3 tiny stool-like tables inside and a cold, outdoor patio area so almost nowhere to sit.I love that I can walk here in 5 minutes.  This place is a gem in Pennsport. I have only been a  few times and each time I get the large Italian hoagie.  It's $7.50 and the amount of meat that is on it is ridiculous.  I now get extra rolls and make sandwiches  from the extra meat on the single hoagie.  The staff is awesome.  Really cool South Philly vibe without the obnoxious douchey-ness of some nearby places.  I'm really looking forward to trying one of their cheese steaks.  I can only imagine how HUGE it will be and how GREAT it will taste.   Check this place out if you haven't already, totally worth it.You have to be kidding me with the good reviews of this place. The chopped 'meat" is tasteless and you can't even taste the cheese and onions. Why go here when John's is right down the street...Gooey?  Nah.  Messy, maybe.  Meat all over the place.  This cheesesteak needs to be eaten over a tray, not the front seat of your car while sharing it with your family, like I did in the parking lot of this unusual shopping/business plaza.  Philly is strange.  I just don't get this location.  It reminds me of an abandoned mini military barracks.  So freaking strange.  As for the cheesesteak, I love chopped steak.  I love that these guys are far from being cheesesteak nazis unlike the other joints when you order.Buy one cheesesteak, feed two people.  Feed them well, with delicious juicy steak and gooey wonderful cheese.  I just love it.  The only bad part is it's not open enough hours in the day.Tried every other place that claims to have the best cheesesteak in Philly and no one has topped Gooie's. They have the best in Philly hands down! Order your cheesesteak with the works. So much meat and flavor. Been coming to them since 2005 when a friend took me here. Wish they would expand and come further towards NE Philly!Where do I begin?
I have advertised and testified to the fact that these cheesesteaks need to be the place that all tourists visit for a Cheesesteaks period!  I would drive by Pats and Genos for Gooey Looie's in a blizzard!
The roll is everything and it can stand up to the mountain of steak that they give you!  The cheese melts perfectly and when you open it, you're like "How am I supposed to eat all of this?"  Well....you''ll be surprised!
Just Go! Eat! Be Happy!Its a bit out of the way, but well worth the journey. Nice little shop with the best cheese steaks in Philly, and super friendly staff.We were just visiting Philly for a short stay. One of the bell hops at are hotel recommended this spot as the best in Philly. 
It was a hole in the wall, but as we all know those places have the best food. 
It's cash only which sucked but there is an atm 2shops down. 
We got 2 Philly cheesesteaks with everything on it. They put ketchup on our sandwiches which I thought was odd, but it actually worked pretty good. That was a freaking bomb a$$ meal. Like serious good. 
Definitely worth the drive. 
It's also reasonably priced!!Read some reviews so I had to try.
This place is obscure as once you park your car you walk into a courtyard type pedestrian mall.
Once inside it is pretty much a jack of all trades convenience store with a deli case and grill in the back.
I ordered the small steak without cheese and a pepsi then sat at one of their tiny round tables inside the store!
The meat was literally over the top, no shortage here. Slightly bland but maybe cheese would enhance it for you cheese/wiz lovers.
The roll was tasty but way too thin and too small for the amount of meat.
Not the best steak but glad they offered a small size for us poor folk.
Gooey Looie's: the underdog of steaks.This has got to be one of the best hoagies I've had in Philadelphia! I had the Jewish Special and the meat was stacked through the whole hoagie! It was huge! My fiancé had the roast beef and it was packed with the freshest roast beef! These hoagies were the best! 
P.S. I guess I'm off my diet!! ;)What...In THEE HeLL...Did I...Just Eat???
1 of the best Italian Hoagies ever.
My goodness, From the soft Italian bread to the sweet thinly sliced meats And the magic behind a thick hoagie is how you pack it. AND THEY PACK IT IN TIGHT like a Samsonite.
I'm from Baltimore born and raised and been going back and forth to Philly like it's an aunts house around the corner from me where I know I can get good food whenever she's cooking. At first sight, I was a little intimidated by the Italian hoagie because that sucker looked and weighed a ton when I held it. And for those that think the places to go for good subs and hoagies in Philly are the places that been on Anthony Bourdain or Man vs Food...You're SOOOOO Off.
If the place doesn't have any imperfections then your not getting your moneys worth. The place surprised me but then it didn't because the best food to get is from the most unlikeliest places. And you can tell from their years of operating that there is a pride and love in the food that is prepared to be served to the people. And this is why I love Philly the way that I love my own city, once you get to the core of the root you get a sense of the pride in the city despite the blemishes that are known. There is a love that is undeniable and my theory is you can tell in the food.
Gooey Looie's is definitely that place to go to, to get your appetite nourished. LoLI'm a Philly girl by birth, and even though I live on the west coast now, I still crave Gooey Looie's! Lucky for me the guys will pack up a cheesesteak (and Tastykakes!) all safe for shipping so my dad can overnight a little taste of heaven right to my door!  Californian's can keep their tofu, I gotta get my Goo on!Went in 3/14 around 5:30 for pre Who concert steaks and hoagies, first time visiting.  Not sure anyone would ever find this place unless specifically looking, which is good and bad.  These hoagies and steaks were among the best sammiches I have ever had.  I ordered a steak with everything, which had i known everything included picklets, catsup etc I wouldn't have ordered that way, but I am glad i didn't know because it was delicious and made for 2 very filling meals.  My son ordered an italian hoagie, i stole a handful of the ham and tried it, not sure i have ever tasted ham that good, it had italian seasoning that knocked my socks off.  My other son ordered a bologna hoagie, when the counter guy handed it to me he kind of whispered to me that he had run out of bologna while making it so he took a dollar off the price.  When my son opened the sandwich i realized how he ran out of bologna, he put 3 hoagies worth on this one sandwich(see attached picture).  People REALLY need to seek this place out, the food is as good as it gets if not better, prices are ridiculous for the value you get.  Don't be intimidated, it's a convenience store with the counter at the back, everyone in there was friendly as hell and we were in and out of there in very good time.  I will definitely go back to this place.  I really can't say enough about how good this was.Please just do it. It's the epitome of Philadelphia.  The cast of regular characters, who work the register and the daily= ultimate kindness, but no bullshit.  Their food will surprise even the most jaded of characters, even with condition, and they are always ultimately polite and kind while providing food that exceeds every expectation. I hate to blow up my spot, but please, absolutely, though they don't need the help, support Gooey Louie's.  The food is incredible and it's a great spot with parking.Their cheeseburgers with provolone and spicy sausage sandwich rival their ten pounds of meat ' o' hoagies.I rarely get to eat cheesesteaks and I was first introduced to this place 10 years ago. The first couple years I wasn't able to find it on my own but it's so worth getting lost for. They have the best cheesesteak ever. It was superpacked with really fresh meat and the cheestesteak was actually very flavorful. Those steaks at Pat's and Geno's are nothing. It's really worth trying Gooey's cheesesteaks.Doesn't get much better than this no-fuss, all deliciousness deli/convenient store! Pick up some items for your pantry, a cheese steak with onions and American cheese and an old school pint of ice cream you've never heard of. My hubby and I split a large and it was packed with plenty of steak. Next time, I'll try the raved-about chicken salad!
Read about how to get here, what to look for, and walk right in- the people are friendly S. Philadelphians at their finest!From April  2013: Call your order in before 8 pm for the deli.  And the grill might even close down before that!
Either way, you can't get better than Gooey Looie's; not Pat's, not Geno's, not even Tony Luke's.  Just go in an check it out yourself - and try not to think of all the time and money you wasted going elsewhere!A friend of mine use to bring cheesesteaks from here to work for us all the time. They are mammoth. It takes several sittings to finish one - they weigh, like, 6 pounds!Overall this is a 3/5 for cheesesteaks but 4/5 for the class of cheesesteaks here. It's complicated so let me explain...
Not every steak is alike. Gooie Louie's is the sloppy joe of steaks. It's the triple decker bacon burger with extra onions and mayo of steaks. Of it's "super sloppy" cheesesteak class it's pretty solid and deserving of 4/5 stars.
I called ahead to order here and the phone order taker (which ended up being 1/2 cooks) wasn't very pleasant but not rude. More like Philly rude (abrupt, not overly friendly, slightly rushed). My mom as the southern belle she is wanted salad. No salad, no wings, etc. it's not a pizza shop selling steaks...just sandwiches like steaks, hoagies, burgers.
When I finally got here after using the yelp address which is technically wrong (enter on moyamensing or else you'll think the store is in someone's house) they were very friendly. Small, unassuming location with little dine in room and 2 counters. One for food pick up and ordering, the other for check out. 
The food was good. Huge sandwich, LOTS of finely chopped meat, grilled onions, provolone and a murder scene of ketchup. 
I'm not a fan of finely chopped meat since it mushes up the texture for me especially with so much ketchup. Could have used more cheese so definitely will request extra next time but that's all steaks IMO. Hearty bread, nice light flavor so you can taste the meat vs just seasoning. This is when you want a lot of food, a bit of sloppy indulgence and just a regular steak.This place is one of the better places in Philly to get a cheesesteak and sandwiches. They use provolone by default, not cheese wiz. The service is quick, and the sandwich is full (I mean seriously full) of meat. They really don't skimp out on their portions here. Grab a Tasty-kake or bag of chips and a drink on the way out and you got yourself a meal. I recommend the pizza steak or the straight up cheese steak (onions are a must, guys) and get a real deal taste of the Philly Cheesesteak.In my humble opinion, this place serves up the best Cheesesteak in Philly! It's a little hard to find, and totally unassuming from the outside, but once you take the first bite, you'll know you're in the right place!
No chicken steaks here, just good old beef and at least 1 lb of it at that! The steak is chopped up very small and smothered in cheese. I order mine with extra provolone, fried onions, and mayonnaise. It is a religious experience, and not one to be undertaken lightly. This lunch will carry you through dinner and maybe breakfast the following morning.
Gooey's is cash only, and they close early evening (No late night eats here!) If you are hosting out-of-towners bypass the tourist traps and bring them to south philly for a real authentic experience!Nice hoagies. This is the place to go if you want a real good sandwich.Always enjoyed them. Wish they made chicken cheesesteak sandwiches.Dangerous! Huge cheesesteak!  Will Never go back to Pats Genos or Jim's!Ordered from here the other day. I was kind of leaning on delivery but they decided to hang up on me allowing me the great opportunity to actually enter the Pennsport Mall. It's basically a mini-version of the awkward strip malls I'm used to from having grown up in North/Northeast Philly but a little micro version. Pretty weird.
So, I tried to ask for whiz on my cheesesteak. BIG MISTAKE. The dude was totes rude and was like "only real cheese." WOOAHHH, well sorry bucko. I happen to like whiz in all its artificial glory. They replaced all essence of nature and natural with amazing deliciousness. I got over it.
I don't know why I'm giving this place four stars. The phone service was kind of rude. I went there and was soooo confused by the mini-mart/convenience store that takes up more than 2/3 of the space. I wasn't aware that Gooey's was essentially a deli counter in the back of a convenience store.
There were 3-5 old South Philadelphians there. They were probably talking about me behind my back and under their breath. I felt judgement all around. Yes, I'm one of the hipstery youngins that's infiltrating your native ground. You should be getting over it by now. No? Why not? Right, I'm ethnic to boot. Woops.
To top off the awkwardness, I had to walk to the ATM at the opposite end of this tiny strip mall thing. Why? Because it's straight up 1970's in there and I guess they didn't take credit cards. The judgement ensued.
I've never had more of an awkward time ordering a cheesesteak and I've dealt with Joey Vento and his obnoxious crew at Geno's repeatedly (back in the day, before he became some sort of conservative, obnoxious, moronic patriot that decked out his establishment with more neons than a porn shop in Vegas). Hell, it'd only get more awkward ordering a cheesesteak if I were a non-English speaking, Mexican-born flaming homosexual in line at Geno's with my boyfriend while in drag.
Thankfully, I think it was a Tuesday and I wasn't in that character at the moment and I also wasn't at Geno's.
Back to the point.
Why the four stars?
Well, do you remember in elementary school that really big kid? The one that was either about 3-5yrs older and was held back or perhaps was on some sort of growth hormone as his/her father hated the Soviets and was seeing to breed some sort of super athlete to compete against them in the next Olympics? Yeah, pretty weird right?
Yeah, that's what Gooey's steak is like compared to most any other cheesesteaks in the city. Awkwardly huge, and probably a weapon against the Soviets.
Seriously, I think they kept that thing out back and fed it other steaks just to keep it fat and then warmed it up shortly before I arrived.
Frankly, I could probably buy one of those cheesesteaks and launch it into the Delaware and make my way out to ocean to cross the pond and treat some Brits to perhaps the finest sandwich our country has to offer. Not to mention, I'm a huge fan of Roald Dahl and I can't think of any other way to pay homage. Mikey and the Giant Cheesesteak it is.
Anyways, when I'm on a budget and looking to feed all of my friends/family I'll probably head to Gooey's again, cash in hand and head down to avoid the awkwardness in there.While in philly for the weekend we had to get cheese steaks of course.   We wanted to try something other than the tourist hits of Pat and Genos since we had been there last time.  This was the spot we were headed for after some research. 
Great subs.  The small sizes were PLENTY.  My husband and I both had cheese steaks and my daughter a ham and cheese. ALL were full of meat and great taste.  We were pleased and would come again.
BRING CASH as they don't take anything else.  It's inside a convenient store which being out of town and following GPS we had no idea where it was and GPS took use to the back side (we didn't see it).  But a local was able to tell us we passed it and park in the "mall" parking lot.  No real tables to eat at inside so plan to take back to your place or the car.  They stayed hot for a good bit of time while wrapped for the drive back to the place we were. Service was wonderful and very pleasant. 
We would eat there again.We have been in Virginia for 3 years so the hubby knows if he heads home (Philly) without me he must ... must make the trip to Gooey Looie's before coming home OR ELSE :).   Gooey's is one of the only "real" delis still around to make a true, blue Kosher Hoagie and I make the drive to get it!   Never had a cheesesteak from there because well all I see is Kosher but the kiddos love them!I got the Italian hoagie and it was one of the best hoagies I've ever had in my life!! The meat was high quality and sliced very thin. I also had cheesesteak hoagie and wasn't impressed at all. It didn't have much flavor or cheese on it and the bread was very soggy by the time they finished making it and handed it  to me. It tastes like a generic cheesesteak you would get at a pizzeria.
I would definitely go back for the hoagies! I would recommend giving this place a shot.This cheesesteak lives up to the restaurant's name- it is the gooiest gooey goodness ever.  I got a small with fried onions and American cheese.  I could barely finish HALF it was so rich and filling.  The people that work there are always really friendly and make you feel as if they are really grateful for your business (even though I'm sure they get plenty!).  
It's kind of an odd restaurant, considering they sell detergent and cereal and other assorted grocery items as well.  You order at the "meat counter" and then once everything is ready, you pay at the register.  
It's in Pennsport Mall- the entrance is right off of 2 St. right after Moore St.  They have off-street parking.Outstanding cheesesteak! Lean. Stuffed. Delicious. And they'll let you call ahead so you don't have to stand in line forever. Great place! Will be back!Fattest hoagie I've ever had. I kept hearing how good the food was here and wasn't misinformed. I walked about 20 minutes to get here and it was worth it.  I ate until I got sleepy. The staff was very sweet.Great amount of meat.  Would order extra cheese next time.  Friendly staff. Would go back but there is so many other places I want to try. I am on a quest!Working in South Jersey and crossing the bridge to get what I was told is the best Cheesesteak sandwich in Philly.  I get to a little grocery store and find the magic happens in the back of the store.  Since it was my first time I went for the Traditional Philly and it was DELISH!!!!  Score for the South Jersey locals recommendations.Best hoagies in Philly. They are packed with thinly sliced lunch meat and it is good,Gooey Looies makes a unique and delicious sub. The bread has a perfect chewey exterior, soft interior. Will never get this bread in a chain, ever! Turkey and lettuce on top, rich salami, provolone, and mayo on the bottom against the bread. Yummy!
Ate at Whitehouse subs in AC, similar configuration but am amazed at how much better this hoagie is.
Cheesesteak was also very good. Am partial to Max's though.Gooey's is a bit hard to review because I'm not sure if I love it or hate it. It seems like the quality is not the best but you do get a lot of it. 
I can eat a large by myself if it's on the weekend and I don't have anything else to do and I have to admit that the steaks are indeed delicious no matter how I perceive the quality. Then again maybe I have just become more snobby as I get older. Really the sammiches taste good and thats what matters, isn't it?  
They are famous for their giant hoagies as well. I really don't know how they make any money on them considering what cold cuts cost. Again though, this didn't taste like hand made artisanal deli meat, but who cares?One of the best cheese steaks I've ever had. Definitely in the top 3. They threw in the extra grease for free and plenty of napkins to clean up the wonderful mess afterwards. I just wish I lived closer so I could go more often.DO NOT drive down McClellan Street.
That being said, this place is fantastic!
The cheesesteaks here are sooo good!  The meat is the kind that appears shredded or pulled, served with lightly grilled onions, and the right amount of cheese that invokes "power of cheese" commercials but doesn't drown out the steak flavor.  Meat is plentiful so a small (or maybe the sign said regular) is enough to fill you comfortably while a large can satisfy your hunger beast.  Just don't eat too fast because you'll char your tongue and I wouldn't travel far since it's wrapped in foil and the buns will get very soft very fast.
Google maps sent us down McClellan for a careful 5mph pace of squeezing between the curb and everyone's sideview mirrors.  If you're not from Philly the block has an apartment building looking structure in the center with an attached lot.  The center is accessible via iron gates and that's where Gooey Louie's is at.  Businesses on the ground level, residences above that, a few seating benches in the center (no tables, not designed for eating so please mind the noise level).  Once inside you'll discover a convenience store that happens to sell cheesesteaks, deliciously juicy cheesesteaks with some of the friendliest brotherly love I've ever experienced.
I sense Philly cheesesteaks invoke a lot of debate but if this place isn't the best you've had then it's definitely at the top of a short list.omg!!!! i have not been to this store in years....my husband..i should say, x-husband, we used to get hoagies & steaks (one or the other).....anyways, you could make a 2nd sandwich from the 1st one....this is how much meat they place in their sandwiches. the perfect name!!!!Been there before when visiting Philly and this time decided I needed to bring home a pizza steak. Was I right!! I asked if they could put the meat in a bag and I'd make it when I get to California. Of course they could!!  There were 2 pint containers with steak, onions, mushrooms, and peppers, a bunch of sliced provolone wrapped in paper and foil, 2 little containers of pizza sauce that the airline didn't take from me, and a roll wrapped in foil. I got home the next day, threw the meat in a frying pan to warm it, put provolone on the roll and toasted it, stuffed as much meat in the roll, put the sauce on top, and added some Parmesan on top. OMG, a real Philly steak sandwich!
I had lived in Philadelphia in the late 60's and early 70's and I know what they're SUPPOSED to be. I've tried "Philly Steaks" in California, Florida, Arizona, and wherever they claim to be authentic and am always disappointed (except Lido's in Santa Maria, CA) and I guarantee you won't be disappointed with a Gooey Looie's steak! But prepare to be disappointed anywhere else, after that!
Thanks, guys, for an awesome treat!!If you want deli meat for 3 days and a sandwich on the first, this is the place to stop. As for a hoagie and you get a massive mound of meat and condiments that you'll spend the first minute of you meal simply staring at as you attempt to form a plan of attack for getting what you've just ordered into your mouth.I haven't been here in a couple years, but, I must say they have some of the best sandwiches that end of South Philly.I'm glad I found this place, is a small family operated store. They are friendly and the cheesesteaks are great. Of all the cheesesteaks I ate, Gooey Looie's seem to be the only one that seasons their steak. Try them, you won't be disappointed.Finally got to sink my teeth into one of these delightful cheese steaks.Small mom and pop spot. Brought these back to Va. They double wrapped them for my travel and offered to pack everything sep if i wanted. Lots of good quality, well flavored beef. Soft rolls. I ate and enjoyed every bite. Cant wait to go back. Mouth is drooling now. No area to sit. More like a small convenience store.Excellent hoagies at a very reasonable price. Enough for 2 or 3 regular sized sandwiches.
Truly a hole in the wall but the staff are nice and friiendly.Very good cheesesteak with lots of meat BUT something is keeping me from getting excited about Louie.  I may have had too high expectations.Went there late on a Thursday, I'm the only one in the place. This tells you how good a place is, they probably don't want to be there and would rather go home.  
I order a Cheese Steak.. go to my car....I unwrap it from several layers of foil... steam rises from the sandwich... it was fresh hot, and close to a masterpiece. 
...my windows are foggy.
I will be back. Thanks guys!I love their cheesesteaks. I am so glad my mom hipped me to Gooey Looie's after the west philly Jim's Steaks shut down (which were hit or miss toward the end). However I am happy to say that I have not been disappointed with any of the steaks bought from Gooey Looie'sThe cheese steak with provolone, onions, sweet peppers, and mushrooms was bland. The meat was flavorless, and the toppings all tasted the same (pickled). I also felt that it needed now cheese to balance out the large amount of meat. It was edible, though, and satisfied my hunger.Ok I really don't give 4's or 5's but this place is fucking delicious !! The large cheesesteaks are so packed and so amazingly good when your in philly you gotta try them and they make other sandwiches too it looks like your average corner store but what they make in this place is magic! Please try this place if your in the area.I don't think I like cheesesteaks. I know, this is definitely the wrong way to start off a review of a place known for said food, but allow me to finish. You see, I rarely eat them because sometimes I try and watch my girlish figure so when I do have one it better be amazing. Gooey Looie's? Definitely really damn good and may just make a cheesesteak convert out of me. 
I've actually been meaning to try this place for awhile, but now that I live a few blocks away from it I finally decided to let my inner fat kid out and go nuts. It's kind of hard to find in that it's located within the Pennsport Mall on Moyamensing, but just keep an eye out for people carrying bags full of food that look so heavy that the plastic bag may break. The place itself is also small and unassuming - only one or two tables, a mini-mart, and a grill in the back where you order your food. You can get any of the typical hoagies and grill items, but if this is your first time there a cheesesteak is definitely what you should go for. It's the size of a baby, weighs about the same, and FULL of meet and cheese and onions and anything else you could wish for your perfect cheesesteak. It lives up to the reputation for being massive, seriously. As far as the taste? It's got a pretty good meat-cheese ratio (although I would prefer more cheese because hell, that's all I ever want to eat) that is gooey and yummy and literally falls out of the roll because it's just that filled. The roll does get a tiny bit soggy, but it would be impossible not to after holding all the meat in a cow. 
The people that work there are lovely, too. They are your typical South Philly types with just the right amount of sass to make it endearing. Although they could tell me to go screw myself and I'd still come back for this cheesesteak and other sandwiches. 
In short? Living this close to a place this good is a dangerous and cruel mistress, that's for damn sure. Screw all the other "big name" cheesesteak places - do yourself a favor and fix your cheesesteak cravings here.The real deal. Best hoagies, cheesesteaks, close to home, I can't think of an excuse not to go there.
I find myself covered in cheesesteak when I "finish" the thing. It's how it's supposed to be.
Latest Visit: 11/18These are the real deal in Philly, damn what you see on tv! Find this place no matter where you at in town, it's worth it.Great place good food extra meat on hoagie food comes out just like the picture very satisfied fast service very cleanHuge delicious cheese steak, very recommended. Must try. Cannot go wrong with this place. Place is small but it is a gem in philadelphiaAbsolutely amazing!! We drove 3 hours straight to Gooey Looie's! So worth it!! We were originally thinking about going to Pat's or Ginos but after reading their reviews I started doing some research! So glad I did!! 
I got a small cheese steak with provolone, fried onions,  ketchup and sweet peppers! It was huge! The steak was seasoned perfectly! The cheese stayed melted to the last bite! At first the ketchup seemed like a bit much but it was just the right amount! 
It's a small space! They have 3 really tiny tables so we ate in the car! Make sure you bring cash!The best cheese steak I've ever encountered!! I savored each every bite! The meat was juicy and plentiful, the provolone cheese gooey (hence the name) and the bread fresh and tasty. Fast and friendly service as well, so I'll definitely be back the next time I visit Philly...  Be sure to have cash on hand...no credit cards!This place is freakin tight when it comes to cheese steaks.  They actually mix the cheese and the meat together so you get the perfect bite every time.
Their sandwiches are way bigger, cheaper, and deffinately better than Geno's and Pat's.My FAVORITE cheese steak place!!! It's a bit off the beaten path, Waze and GMaps have challenges getting you there through narrow streets (actually a limitation of GPS.) Well worth the schlep once you find it. You really need to make it a full meal with a Tastykake and a soda. The grill guys are really personable. You get the full South Philly experience here! I will really miss this place for my Friday lunches!I've heard good things for a while here. So recently when the wife and I needed a bite before a concert, and she wanted a sandwich, I suggested this. 
So right down to it. I went for the cheesesteak. She went for the Italian hoagie. 
Right off the bat, these sandwiches are huge. We both ordered regulars, and we knew we wouldn't be finishing these. For the price, they give you great value.
I liked the cheesesteak. It was good. Quite juicy and satisfying. But not spectacular. The roll was a little softer than I like and they bathed it in ketchup. I'm a ketchup on a cheesesteak guy, but this made it more messy. 
But it was better than some others I've had. In fact it has made my top ten cheesesteaks in the city. 
Now the wife really loved her hoagie. She made sure to take half home for the next day. She said in particular that she loved the thick cheese slices and how they complimented the sandwich. I tasted it and I agree. It's solid. 
I'd give the cheesesteak three and a half stars, but the hoagie earns them 4. 
Now my top ten Philly cheesesteaks looks like this:
1. John's 
2. D'Alessandros
3. Philip's 
4. Tony Luke's 
5. Max's 
6. Joe's
7.  Jim's 
8. Steve's
9. Pat's 
10. Gooey Louie's
In case you're wondering, Talk of the Town and Larry's are now out of the top ten. And Geno's will be forever in last place.This was the first place that we stopped at after arriving in Philadelphia. It was a little hidden for someone not from the area. Sort of ood parking. The deli is in the back of this tiny store. They do have a couple of small tables to sit at inside and outside. Our cheesesteak was delicious. Seems popular with steady traffic.. Pretty cool placeCame here on the recommendation of a friend.
 Absolutely Fantastic!
 Large cheese steak was Huge.
  First real cheese steak I feel I have had in philly.
Try this place out.
 Its a hole in the wall joint, so you will have to search it out.I used to live close to Gooey Louie's and knew of it way before this spot became hot. I was shocked when I had heard people in Center City and even tourists asking for this lil' 2fer st. local neighborhood deli. 
Yes they do make some of the best subs you'll taste and for a good deal too. They really pile the meat, cheeses etc. So if you're hungry... get ready for some hefty button-poppin' good times. It mainly caters to a more blue collar/Mummer/construction crowd but all are welcome. And the service is friendly, by South Philly standards. 
I really miss this neck of the woods, so if you're just coming from a baseball game or horrified by your Riverview Theater experience. Pop in Gooey Louie's for lunch or a late afternoon snack and may I suggest you set up picnic at the cleaner, friendlier Tasker Park just a few blocks away from G.L. Enjoy!Meh and underwhelmed are the best words to describe this place. Although, i appreciated the overloaded hoogie it lacked seasoning and flavor. Really wanted to fall in love with the place but sadly i left kinda disappointed. #dontbelievethehypeGooey Louie's is awesome!! I had a hogie from there. It was tasty AND humongous!!! I had enough to save the other half for dinner that night. I gotta go to Gooey Louie's in "shifts". OMG I completely enjoyed the experience.Visited Philadelphia while on vacation in New Jersey and New York. Was looking to try an authentic cheesesteak. Thought about Going to Pat's or Gio's, but wasn't impressed with reviews. Decided on Gooey Loooie's. Had a cheesesteak with the works! Excellent!! Juicy, gooey cheese, pickles, and peppers!! Was worth the 2.5 hour drive!! Service was great!! True deli style place made the experience even better. Met a local who was super friendly while we were waiting!1.5LBS OF CHEESE STEAK GOODNESS!!!
First off, if you're from out of town, don't waste your time at Pat's or Geno's!!! Why would you go there if the locals don't even eat there?!
There's not enough positive things that I can say about this place! The cheese steaks were HEAVY, and you can tell (from both tasting and looking at them make it) that they put a lot of thought and effort into their cheese steaks. These jawns are densely packed with mounds of ribeye steak and provolone cheese lining the bottom of the bread. The meat is so juicy and flavorful, and the melty cheese provides that nice salty balance. 
These things are so effin' filling. It would take 3 sandwiches from Pat's and Geno's to  make up the meat and cheese content of just one Looie cheese steak! And the quality here? The other two can't compare!Whoa, meat overload!  That is all you need to know.
Heard about Gooey Looie's from my coworkers.  Then I saw them profiled on Food Network.  And then I ran into the owner at Lowes and promised him that I'd come by one day (don't ask how that conversation came about).  So today I finally made it over there to try them out.
My first impression was that it was a b**** to find this place.  Dang!  The inside of the store (with the two giant slot machines in the doorway) was a bit dated and odd, but I was there for the sandwich, not the ambiance.
My hubs and I got a large steak with american cheese to go.  Upon opening the wrapper, the meat just poured out.  I literally had to eat half the meat with a fork.
My opinion on it was that it is a good value for the money, meat could have used a bit more seasoning, also could used a bit more cheese, and I wish they also offered chicken in addition to steak.
But all in all, a very decent sandwich and a good bang for your buck.Full Disclosure! I went on a mini cheese steak tour into the city with my friends, and we went to eight total places. My review will reflect my opinion of only a basic cheese steak with choice of cheese, and in comparison to each other. I'll additionally disclose when I went to each place, to consider how full we already were.
Stop 5 of 8. This small grocery store inside a small corridor of business offices epitomizes the saying "don't judge a book by it's cover." The cheesesteak was filled with a ton of meat, and the bread was toasted, but also soft. We got provolone cheese, and, though it could use more onions, it is compensated tenfold by the well seasoned flavor meat. One of the beast cheesesteaks I've ever had, and I highly recommend it!My normal routine is to get a cheese steak on my way back to the airport-- but Johns was closed So I decided to give this place a try.   It's basically a convenience store with a meat counter that makes sandwiches.  Lots of old autographed photos of various Eagles players, TV news anchors, and two of soldiers who the HBO mini series Band Of Brothers was made about.   
The food? My cheese steak was great.  Not greasy and gigantic.  My only mistake?  Getting a large one. A small would've been plenty for the two of us!stopped by at recommendation and ordered 2 cheese steaks. definitely the BEST and largest cheese steaks I've ever had.  Also ordered 2 Italian subs and 1 turkey sub. They are HUGE! Brought them home in the airplane.  Highly recommend. Friendly service.This place has fallen off so bad  the steak i had the meat was not real meat taste like kangaroo meat .it was horrible and I use to love this place but am going pay $7.50 for a steak made with fake meat. When I bit into the sandwich it not real meat. I will not be back don't go here you will be disappointed.I would have rated higher but place so tiny there is no place to sit other than two mini tables and about 4 chairs. However, the sandwiches are very good and very large the people are nice! The cheesesteak was tasty indeed and not greasy!I was in Philly for 6 weeks last summer and got Cheesesteaks at every place I could find. Gooey Looies was by far the best cheesesteak I had! Not to mention it was like 3lbs of food. It's a little hard to find at first (you have to park on the street and walk into the middle of the buildings) but it's definitely worth a stop. Will be back next time I'm in Philly.Do yourself a favor and skip the 2-star, cheese whiz laden tourist traps and check out Gooey Looie's. Drove here straight from the airport as it is one of the top rated cheese steak places in Philadelphia. It did not disappoint, the sandwich was life changing. If you visit Philadelphia and get a cheesesteak anywhere else, you're living a lie.
Hale be the sandwich makers.Listen, this review is like months late. However I CAN STILL TASTE THE BUFFALO CHICKEN HOAGIE IN MY MOUTH!!!! For everyone around this area probably goes on a regular so it's not a new phenomenon for them. For an out-of-towner like me, I was so pleased. The service was good. The guys in there are nice. I'll go back again and again and again. AND AGAIN. AND AGAIN..............and again.Hands down, best hoagies in the city!
Gooey Looie's is tucked away in a small shopping plaza in the middle of south philly. As soon as I walked in the door, I knew the place was special. The front of the store is a small market, and in the back is where they make sandwiches, hoagies, steaks, and burgers. 
I absolutely love their hoagies. They use high quality meat that is sliced to order and thin just like I like it. The toppings are fresh, and the bread is crisp on the outside, but soft on the inside and sturdy enough to hold all the meat they pack into it. They aren't chintzy, you certainly will get your money's worth.
Their hoagies are so good, I have family members in Jersey begging me to bring hoagies from Gooey Looie's every time I visit. 
I have intended to try their steaks and some of their sandwiches, but I am so addicted to their hoagies that I haven't done it yet. I'm sure everything is delicious here. You can tell the owner and management really care about the quality of the food, and they are always consistent.Love their cheesesteaks!! Best I've had yet. The small will fill you up just fine! Lots of meat, good service, easy on the pockets, what more could you ask for?? Try it, you'll love it!It's so good. The cheesesteak is very meaty and chopped up nicely. Do yourself a favorAfter seeing the reviews, I had to get over to Gooey Looie's when my brother-in-law was in town and said he wanted to try a great cheese steak. I know I would not feel good about dragging him to one of the tourist traps, aka Pats and Genos. They just didn't cut it. Jimmys and Ishkabibble's were thoughts, but while better, still were not great. Tony Luke's was in this same ballpark. So, I decided to step out of what I know and trust the reviews.
When I walked into the bodega, my wife immediately chimed, "You sure you don't want to go somewhere else, there isn't much seating here." She was right about the seating. This is not where you go for a sit down meal. It's a bodega, make no mistake about it. But it's also a bodega with highly reviewed cheese steaks, and I was reluctant to tail it out of there to experience average like I had so many times in the past.
Feeling slightly embarrassed by the scenery, I knew two things. My only chance to save faith was to stick it out and show that I had found a gold mine. And, my only chance to finally experience a better than average cheese steak was to stick it through. So, we did just that.
We ordered our cheese steaks, and other things, at the small deli counter. The cheese steaks were piled with more meat than any healthy person could manage eating. With cheese and onions, it was indeed a cheese steak for men.
I took one bite into this glory and knew I had done no wrong. The bread was perfect. The meat was perfect. The cheese and the onions complimented it well. I had finally found a great cheese steak. And, I was able to be smug about it. Yeah, I found this place, I thought with a grin as I looked over and saw others enjoying it as much as I was.
So what, we had two tables not much bigger than my head and I had to sit on a crate since there were not enough chairs. Hey, we got a free water ice for my daughter out of the deal, mainly because she is such a charmer, but also because the guy working it was super nice.
If you want to know why Philly is known for great cheese steaks, this is a great place to start.I have been eating cheesesteaks for as long as I can remember. Since then, I've had many good and many bad but mostly somewhere in between. As with any favorite food, though, I have been consistently searching for the best. I thought I had found it with John's Roast Pork, but then I had Gooey Looie's. I won't get into which is better, but this is undoubtedly one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had, if not the best. After taking a bus, the el, and a long walk to get here my expectations were high and my belly empty. I was a little surprised by what I saw, which was basically a convenience store with a small deli and grill in the back. It was like a super small and run-down WaWa. This did not make me turn away though, because any good foodie knows that these tiny hole-in-the-wall places often have the best food. My friend and I, after hearing how huge they were, decided to split a sandwich. I like onions and she likes ketcup, so we were a little worried about asking for them on the side since some places can be a little unaccommodating. There was no need for the anxiety, though, as they were very friendly and happy to customize our order. And we were certainly not the only ones, as I heard many orders shouted out for various condiments on and off a sandwich. Not only the orders were shouted, though, as I was also delighted to hear their special price on a 10-pack of socks. We received our order quickly and went to pay where the cashier was just as friendly. He joked around and made sure we had everything. After telling him it was our first time rather than being greeted with scorn he simply said that it wouldn't be our last.
Already, this is a 5-star experience and I haven't even gotten to the cheesesteak! There were small tables inside, but it was cramped so we went to eat on a bench out front. The first bite I had was of a bit of meat that fell out (trust me, it will fall out) and it was instant love. Then having the actual sandwich made it a religious experience. Big dripping globs of provolone, pounds of flavorful meat, and a nicely toasted hollowed out roll to hold it all. Pure cheesesteak perfection. I was quite full after only half and was happy to have that walk back to the el stop to burn some calories. We complimented the guys on their delicious creation and they seemed flattered, reminding us to also try their hoagies. I know I will!Their cheesesteak is so good it don't matter what you get on it I just don't understand why their not named phillys best cheesesteak everHad to get one of these cheesesteaks today. It's location is easy to miss as it's tucked away in a little plaza. However you won't be able to miss it when you see all the traffic that goes in and out of the door because of the great food. Got a large cheese steak with everything on it. You have to specify if you want a small or large otherwise you're you're getting a large. Let me tell you, this is definitely one of my top cheesesteak spots in philly from now on. Incredible! With so much meat. Next time I'll actually take a picture to post. It looked so good I forgot to take one this time.This a stop we must do if we are passing by or in the area and we were passing by from up north PA. I'm so glad we found this place a year or 2 ago, its definitely a hidden gem and has some delicious subs. Well the only 2 we always get are the philly steak&cheese and the Italian. Those 2 are so good and fresh.If your looking for the biggest best cheesesteak around I suggest you try here. Forget all the tourist spots this is the place to be. I have lived in south philly for many years and have never been disappointed with the food. Their hoagies and cheesesteaks are phenomenal and HUGE! You definatly can split one among 3 people they really pack on the meat! The cheeseburgers are pretty good too. One of my favorite neighborhood spots and always 
will be!The listed address is tricky because it leads you to the BACK of the place, but just walk around and into the plaza past the gym and you're there. Gooey Looie's is small, and reminded me more of an around the way deli/convenience store. This place must be famous stomping grounds because there were many autographed photos of notable visitors. I walked in and the staff wasn't really the warmest--no 'hey, how ya doing' or 'how can I help you'--so that kinda dampened the initial vibe. I still proceeded to order a cheesesteak (American cheese, fried onions, SPK=$9.70) to go, although they do have a small table and chairs in there if one wanted to stay. Forget Arby's--Gooey Looie's has the meats! Because of this the meat to cheese ratio is off and I was left slightly disappointed. The meat and onions could have used some more seasoning as well. I struggled to eat the whole thing in one sitting (I had to take a 15 minute break after eating the first half though) and overall it was decent but didn't hit all the flavor notes I had hoped for. I came, I saw, and I conquered!This place is literally a hole in the wall! But my my what a hole it is. The feeling you get when you walk inside is unsettling because it looks merely like a small neighborhood bodega. Then the surprise hits you. A small deli counter with an abundance of choices.
We went looking for cheesesteak and that's what we found. It was the most unbelievable thing I've ever consumed. Fresh from the bread to the meat to the caramelized onions mixed in. AMAZING! 
No wonder this place has been here for 30+ years!
Here's to another 30 years!The hoagies here are so loaded down with lunch meat that it is ideal to eat them open confronted. Great quality and great incentive for your cash. Extraordinary store nourishment.It's a mom and pop convenient store type spot that's confusing to get to. My GPS led me to the back door which looked residential so I confused. This establishment should try putting a sign on their back door stating go around to the front for us folks not from Philadelphia.  I got a Philly cheesesteak and it was good though nonetheless. they don't do cheese wiz ! A little disappointed about that but the philly was still very good and definitely "gooey" if you are looking for a more wet sandwhich.I went to Gooey Louie's for the first time today! It's a small mom and pop shop located in the middle of Pennsport Plaza. On the menu is a Jewish Special. When we asked what it was, we were told provolone cheese, corned beef, and pastrami. We laughed and said "that's not kosher." 
I ordered a Corned Beef special, and my partner ordered a cheesesteak with fried onions and pickles. We waited about 7 minutes for our order to be prepared. It seemed like a lot of people normally call ahead to place orders. While we were waiting, a handful of people came in to pick up their order that they had called in. While we waited, we browsed the chips and each picked out a bag.
Something to note- They only take cash. They do have a card scanner for food stamps. They do have an ATM on site to withdraw cash if you need it. 
My partner didn't specify the size of sandwich, so he was given the large one. If you want the small, you need to specify. 
Overall, the food was delicious. There wasn't a ton of cheese on my partner's cheesesteak. When looking at it, it didn't appear that there was any, but he claimed there was.  He did end up adding more cheese when we got home.I picked up a few hoagies on a friend's recommendation, and I feel obliged to unload the word 'titanic' in reference to them (it's one step above humongous). Had to be a pound and a half of meat in each. They were delicious as well, but it was the size that really stood out. If you eat a whole one in a sitting you have a serious problem--or you will soon. 
They also do an awesome job of "travel-packing" the hoagies for later. If you don't know what this is, you'll be delighted to find out. 
By the way, Looie's is not easy to notice from the street. It's hidden in Pennsport Mall, which is the weird little shopping center off the corner of Moyamensing and Moore. Except for the sign, it doesn't look like a shopping center, even after you're in it. *Yet it is one.*Probably the most filling, most satisfying cheesesteak I even had, period.Drove a long way to get here on a recommendation. Its a dive looking deli in a small gated plaza, the deli was packed with people and they were working on a large order for delivery/pick up. As soon as the owner saw that I was still waiting after 10-15min he asked what my order was and got it to me quickly in between pre-orders. 
I ordered a few different sandwiches and they were great! Hoagies and Cheesesteaks were both huge! And tasted great also!!
Now would I drive 30-40min again to get? I would if I was in the area.
Great neighborhood business!!Don't let the name scare you away- this place is legit! Did you say authentic cheese steak? Then you need to be here- This half grocery/half sandwich shop is not far from Rocky's famous statue! Yo Adrian!
Just remember to bring a big appetite, your cholesterol meds, and cash- these cats are so cool they don't even have a credit card machine.My friend Frank came through town and got a word-of-mouth recommendation for Gooey Looie's from a woman at a gas station. It's pretty far south and I had never heard of it, but I went with some friends for what I was told was a) the best cheesesteak in philly and b) a liquid laxative. The large hoagies are HUGE and the small's are also pretty huge. I asked the guy what he recommended for toppings and took his advice: fried onions, ketchup, and mayonnaise. Be careful with your first bite because this meat is hot! My friend got "the works" which included jalapeño peppers. The atmosphere in this place is unique like nowhere else. The crew that works there obviously runs deep; a true Italian joint. I've heard good things about the water ice but I myself did not try it. The Pennsport Mall courtyard is a beautiful place to sit and eat a hoagie. Very affordable, cash only. The food was filling but did not make me sick.Delicious is about all that matters!!!  A dear friend recommended we seek this place out  on our Philly venture.  So glad we did!!! 
Best philly I've had!! Cooked to order, your sammich, your choice.  The bread was a so soft / WOW! With a nice  crust!  
Not to mention toon the people filed oomph right after  us, do we definitely arrived at the perfect time!!  Greaat sErvice and nice folks works here too!A petit family-owned hole-in-the-wall that serves amazing hoagies. 
I ordered the large cheese steak. The meat was saucy with the perfect caramelized onion ratio. It was so tasty that I ate it all in one sitting :D
The store was tiny and sold stuff you find normally at a corner store. It had considerable locale* traffic during brunch hours. Estimated wait time was 15-20 minutes, but it was worthwhile.
*I knew they were locales since the customers speak with heavy Pennsylvanian accent. Mind you, Californians like me enunciate XDI was told to try Gooey Looie's when i visited Philadelphia.  The recommendation was everything that was said. Tbe service and food was awesome.  Next time i come to Philadelphia i will be back.Like the small cheese steak. So much meat it was falling out! Small, 4 seats - outdoor seating available. Neighborhood deli/steak shop. GREAT PRICES and GOOD FOOD!
Off Street Parking available!!!!
Cash only
ATM available 
Lunch special 
Water ice
Soft pretzels
Limited household supplies like Mom & Pop DelisI stopped in Philly for a day to do some touristy things on my cross-country road trip and of course, I had to get a cheesesteak! I didn't want to go to a place downtown that's geared towards tourists, so I stopped a man in a security outfit street who looked local (he was!) and he directed me here. Small, hole in the wall spot in a little store. There were a bunch of locals waiting for their food. Everybody who ordered sounded like they'd been their a million times. Some of the orders the men behind the counter knew by heart. I just asked for a classic cheesesteak with all the fixin's. It was absolutely phenomenal! If I am ever back in Philly, I will come back here. It was such a relief coming to a place like this after being stuck in the rat race of the tourist attractions downtown. Highly recommendOrdered a cheesesteak and an Italian hoagie both were excellent the Italian hoagie is definitely worth the trip thanksOne of the Philly Cheesesteak spots that was a must try and I'm glad I did. Great hole in the wall spot and it wasn't packed, which was surprising even if it was a weekday. 
The actual store front a little grocery store in a small Plaza. The staff pays great attention to who hasn't ordered and which order belongs to whom and are extremely friendly.
The cheesesteak itself is great if you like your steak finely chopped, which I do because it allows for easier chewing. This spot is either number 2 or 1 on my list and I will be coming back the next time I'm in Philly.If you want a sandwich, smokes and aluminum siding all in one shot, then this is your place. After hearing for weeks how good their cheesesteak was, I broke down and tried one. Sorry to say, it disappointed. The meat was too finely chopped and just poured out of the sandwich with every bite. It was very dry. The cheese wasn't very tasty and the roll was horrible - and not greasy (this IS supposed to be a PHILLY cheesesteak after all). Overall, it just didnt have that greasy taste of a traditional Philly steak. I wouldn't even rank this in the top 20 for Philly cheesesteaks. It is however a good alternative to Wawa or Subway or other mainstream sandwich shops.
Side note: If you're looking for a BIG cheesesteak, this is it. It definitely lacks flavor compared to the professional cheesesteak guys, but it is much bigger. Its quantity over quality for sure.
 I do LOVE when people say that Genos and Pats are for "tourists". It cracks me up. Everyone wants to make it sound like THEY have this special knowledge of where the "best" cheesesteak is or the best "this" and the best "that" is. Genos, Pats, Dalessandros, Jims and Steves Prince of steaks are the gold standard in the city. There are other cheesesteaks that come close, or give them a "run" for the money but get over yourself and come back to reality.