I am shocked this place is so well-regarded.  
1. They ran out of bread.  Who the hell runs out of bread?  I had to eat my lame pepper steak in a tortila.  Worse - the staff was annoyingly jovial about the issue and said "Oh, we always run out of bread."    Well, if you always run out of bread, DEMAND IS CLEARLY HIGHER THAN SUPPLY - ORDER MORE!    Now, I am no Wharton graduate, but this should be obvious.
2. Beside the bread issue, my pepper steak was below average.  Just kinda 'bleh'.
3. Also had the chance to try the 'chimichanga' which was flat out disgusting.  It tasted like all the ingredients (beans, rice, etc) were bathed in dirty dish water before being added to the wrap.  Horrible.
I eat meat, but I also love creatively done vegan/vegetarian stuff.  I've been to Horizons, Red Bamboo, etc. . . and this place really doesn't hold a candle to anything like that.There are two schools of vegetarian: those that embrace vegetables -- from beans to greens to grains -- and the 'meat substitute' kind.  Lately, restaurants have been trending toward the former, but Govinda's is squarely in the old camp.
Perhaps faux-meet vegetarian can work, but it doesn't at Govinda's.  My "burger lover's" wrap contained a soy-based "meat" with a pungent after taste.  It was so unappetizing that neither I nor my companion could finish it.  The other dinner, a "meat"ball sandwich, was at least palatable, but only barely so -- with generous camouflage courtesy the cheese and tomato sauce.
The French fries we shared were greasy and soggy.
(We did eat in the quick-serve area closer to the corner of Broad & South; the dining room was closed for renovations, and perhaps that menu might be different).
Can meat-substitute vegetarian restaurants work?  It has been done successfully -- the Horizons restaurant comes to mind.  But for me, this sort of place gives vegetarianism (and veganism) a bad name.  Implicit in eating here is a sort of compromise: the food tastes weird, and to the degree that it's editable, it's because it's been smothered in cheese, as in each of the items in our order.
Rather, a better (and tastier) model for vegetarianism is to embrace all vegetables, and create delicious dishes, not poor meat substitutes.  Beans, cous-cous, hummus, yellow rice, bell peppers, asparagus, green beans -- all can be ingredients in delicious dishes.  
But Govinda's takes the other approach -- vegetables are just along for the ride.  Until restaurants like this one get the message, vegetarians/vegans are doomed to the stereotypes; we're going to have to keep answering the question "how can you eat that stuff?" and "if all you can eat is salads, don't you get hungry?"
So, in sum, the ingredients were reasonably fresh, but the faux meat was revolting.  Go elsewhere.I wish I could give this place a better review, as the 'chicken' cheese steak is great. However, the service here is sooooo slow that it makes me reluctant to stop in. Even when I tried calling ahead, I still found myself waiting. 
Be prepared to wait.Love this place, staff seems to change often so service can be hit or miss but food is great. Highly recommend you try vegan or not.So I was really excited to eat here after reading the reviews and it didn't live up to the hype for me. It was pretty good food, not terrible but the atmosphere was just too crowded and dingy for me. We wanted to eat at the fine dining part but I wasn't really sure how to get into it so we just walked into the "to-go" part. There really isn't much room to stand if there's a line and it's really tiny, there are as few seats on the other side but not that many. 
I got the soy ham and egg salad wrap on a chili wrap, I'm not gonna lie, I thought it was real ham and when I took my first bite I thought it was amazing. After eating more and more, I started to not like it was much, I think the ham had a different after taste since it's not really ham. I think the idea of eating the ham again made me a little nausaus. I don't think it's because of the food but just me over thinking it. My boyfriend got the Golden Tofu wrap (I think) with a wheat wrap and I thought that was really good. The rice in it tasted really good. We had gotten the chicken nuggets as an appetizer but it came out half way through our meal so we weren't that hungry to eat it. It tasted and peeled like real chicken, crazy! I'm not a big fan of BBQ sauce, which is what they give, but overall those were pretty good. We got ice cream as dessert and it was good! I loveeeeee mint chip ice cream and they had just that.
I know you're thinking so why 3 stars? It's more for overall appearance along with food. I guess I can't expect too much in Philly to be spotless but it is what it is. It was just a little too small and crowded for my liking.Excellent food and service. Only reason they lose a star is because the ambiance is lacking.So I had hi hopes for Govinda's because the reviews are great and I love a good vegan-friendly place, being a vegan myself. Unfortunately the food did not live up to my expectations. I ordered the golden tofu wrap on the spinach tortilla, a brownie, and a samosa. The wrap was supposed to have peppers, tahini sauce, rice, and soy cheese along with the tofu. All that was in my wrap was rice, a creamy sauce and tofu. The brownie and samosa were fine, but since I came for dinner, I am pretty sure they had been sitting out all day. Also the cheesecakes are extremely over-priced and were just tossed into the freezer, many upside down. The food is priced pretty good for vegan food but it felt unorganized and messy.3 and a half star average? Really? So it's between 'A-OK' and 'I'm a fan'? So, what does that make it? 'I'm OK'? How very humble of you, Philly.
Well, I have to say that you're more than OK. I was overwhelmed by your warmth. I'm not talking about the summer heat, but the 22 responses within 12 hours to my 'Veggie Cheesesteaks?' talk thread a week ago. You guys are awesome.
And why not when you have places like Govinda's to eat? This place is 'the dog's', as we say in England. I'll leave it to you to see what that means.
I had the Chicken Cheese Steak and was blown away. I think I checked three times just to make sure I wasn't breaking my rules and actually eating meat. It was soooooo delicious. And at just $8 is great value. I loved the veganaise sauce and the vegan cheese... there really was nothing I didn't like about it.
The best thing about this place for me is its self-awareness. I really got the feeling that they know what they are and they're fine with it. They don't pretend to be anything more, they aren't so pretentious to jack up the prices because they know they make awesome food, and they sell delicious extras like funky juices and massive cookies.
I'll definitely be back when I'm next in town. And I'll be sure to go anywhere else Philly Yelpers recommend!!!Ok so I'm from Connecticut but all of my family lives in Philly so when I visit I make it my mission to go to Govindas. This place is my first stop when I'm get there and the last when I'm going. I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything when I get the chicken cheesesteak and I always get a couple to go. Make sure to get it in a hard roll, the wrap is good but the roll is better. Also try a couple of their donuts, they're better than non vegan ones!as a vegetarian living in center city, sandwich options are severely limited. philly just does not seem to be a sandwich town. instead, we have to make due with hoagies, subs, whatever you call them. 
govinda's is the go-to place for vegetarian and vegan friendly fare. but i have to say, i've become a little disappointed over time. 
i used to rave about this place, but recently i've noticed that portions have gotten smaller and prices have gone up. i realize that shadow inflation is happening all over the place and our corporate media is afraid to talk about it, but it hurts even more when prices go up while quality and quantity go down. 
when i am in the mood for fake meat sandwiches, i get either the pepper steak sandwich or the chicken cheese steak. others have described the latter in detail, so i won't go into it. the former, however, is equally tasty in a completely different way. the gooey, saucey fakey meaty concoction lights up your taste buds and glazes your fingers into something even a veg might contemplate nibbling on. 
sometimes i also get the chicken fingers, which are inappropriately named. i don't know what to call them because they're somewhere between a finger and a nugget. maybe chicken mini fillets? anyway, for fakey chicken they are tasty, but somewhat overpriced at $1/mini fillet. when i say mini, i mean it. 
golden tofu is recommended by others i've eaten with, if your compelled to like that sort of thing. i am not. i suck at tofu. 
desserts are of the vegan variety and even though i hear good things, i can't bring myself to eat $6 dairy-free desserts. damn wisconsin upbringing. 
finally, get a tattoo in a visible location before eating here if you don't want to feel out of place. this advice is for the two of you that live in philadelphia without a visible tattoo.Can only judge the Veg Chicken Cheesesteak. A little bland. But I'd be willing to try it again now knowing the taste. Adding lettuce, tomato and mayo, along with changing the bread might have given me that authentic taste I was looking for.Amazing vegetarian chicken / pepper steak cheesesteaks are available here as well as other vegetarian items.  Located on Broad and South it does get a little noisy with street traffic and does seem to take some time to prepare the food, but it is well worth the wait.  They just started doing breakfast but I have yet to try.  GTG is definitely worth checking out vegetarian or not.I got to ha vegan cheesesteak and I really liked it. They were pretty disorganized though and messed up someone else's order when I was there. There was also no print out menu to look at which might be nice. Overall a good experience though!This place has the best fake meat! The vegetarian cheese steak is my go to. I'm not even vegetarian/vegan but I will stop by every time I pass it ! I'll also crave it. When my vegan friend first brought me here I got the vegetarian chicken cheese steak and I was concerned for her because the fo meat tasted so much like chicken I thought it was real! Def recommend to vegetarians and meat eaters who want to try something different! The staff is also very friendly and accommodating!I'm a vegetarian by day, dabbling in the more arcane art of veganism while I ponder yet another dietary change. So I'm going to get my Yelp on about the vegan buffet. $15 gets you the all-you-can-eat routine. But it's the execution that makes it worth the high-ish price.
The salad is, well, salad. But it's the dressing that wowed me. Made from scratch, it's a well-seasoned blend of creamy and woah-there-buddy-I'm-not-THAT-creamy. It makes a salad that is otherwise your typical pile of leaves into a fun dish. And don't be ashamed to dip it in the sesame-seed-crusted bread they bring you. Yes, it's a little over the top, but the dressing and the bread love each other and who wants to stand in the way of love?
Moving on, you have a choice between basmati or organic yellow rice. You've got a rotating choice of four entrees - I prefer the kofti, which they do very well. I also like that the buffet trays are small - it means the food is always fresher. Bigger joints tend to have these huge buffet trays that just sit under heat lamps for hours and by the time you get there, much of the food is FUBAR. Not so at Govinda's.
Oh, and you've got some kickass squash soup to try, too.
Which brings me to my feelings about soup, feelings upon which I feel I should elaborate before continuing to report on this ballin' buffet.
I don't believe in soup. I believe that soup is merely a beverage masquerading as a food. Stew is a food, a hearty dish that weighs more in substantive things like potatoes and carrots than seasoning and broth. Soup is a beverage that is heated up and does not contain anything for which you need a fork. It can confuse he stomach and the mind and is not to be trusted in a dark alley late at night.
So yes, I'm something of a soup hater.
But read carefully: the squash soup Govinda's offers with the vegan buffet is glorious. 
At first, it sneaks up on you, presenting itself slowly with a creamy but not overly rich texture and a sweet, unique, nutty taste. But then a spicy note shows up and says to your tongue "Hey, bet you didn't expect to meet me in here, did you? Well, BAM! Here I am." It's not spicy-spicy, but just a surprise end to wonderful spoonful.
Now, the vegan buffet doesn't include dessert. But they've got more vegan cake selections than a, uh, vegan cake convention.
I went for the Cookies and Cream. It's a chocolate cake with a vanilla frosting, containing the requisite flecks of Oreo-like cookie and sporting the half-cookie in it's cap. It is more moist and rich than anything anyone has ever done with cake. It made me long for the invention of the mythical VeganMeter (which is my idea so don't go getting your infringe on!) to confirm that it is, in fact, 100% vegan.
My friend got the brownie-topped cheesecake. Little brownie cubes atop a potently delicious slab of cheesecake? Excellent. Oh, and it's also vegan. 
My eyes soon grew larger than my stomach, but the waiter had no problem bagging and tagging my leftovers for the trip home.
Now, let's talk atmosphere. You can eat inside, in a dimly lit, well laid out dining area, with plenty of room around the tables. They were almost empty on a Thursday night, but they apparently suggest reservations, so maybe there's something I don't know. 
You can also sit outside, as I did. Nothing to rave about as far as ambiance, but I have no complaints. The host and the waiter were very attentive and engaging (thanks to the waiter for being so adamant about the squash soup, otherwise I probably would have never touched it).
I have yet to try the to-go section of the menu and the establishment, but perusing the menu and watching the smiling faces of patrons on that side of things, I'm encouraged.
Govinda's vegan buffet is well worth the walk I need to take from Center City West to get there.To go review:
I really would like to start this review with 5 stars, but we are going to have to trim that a little. Minus one for prices, you're a take out joint with sit down prices. I've heard you've raised them, which makes me even sadder. I'd like to say I'd take another star off, but I can't find an exact reason to. Your employees have never been rude to me, although you do dish out the stink eye when you're not left a tip. You deal with my many changes and the wait time isn't terrible considering you make everything in front of me to order. 
I love whatever "chicken" you use, especially in the chicken burger. I've had the chicken cheesesteak wrap as well and I can get down with the cubed style. Whatever pickles you use, they remind me of the ones growing up and I'd like extra please. 
Now that I'm writing this, I'm contemplating revisiting in the near future. New to Philly? Regardless if you are a carnivore or vegetarian- it's worth giving this place a shot.I would not eat here!!! When we walked in the place was disgustingly nasty. but since we were there we decided it would be safe to get ice cream. we got our ice cream and went to pay for it. we had a 25 percent of entire purchase online coupon that was good until august 3rd 2016 so a month left. they refused to honor the online coupon so we paid and left. i will never return to this place and highly recommend no one else does. If i could select less than one star i would.I just went to Govinda's for the last time. I used to come here all the time and recommend it to every single vegetarian/vegan I knew. I have literally eaten dozens of chicken cheesesteaks from here. My wife and I stood at the counter for 5 minutes tonight before the guy at the grill bothered to tell us they were closed. This was at 9 pm. They close at 11 pm. This is posted on the door and is available online. This is the 4th time we have been turned away more than 1 hour before they closed. If you want to run a business, do it. If you really don't care whether or not people come to your business, open Govinda's.This has become one of my favorite take-out restaurants.  I love their Chicken Cheese Steak with Soy Cheese!  It is so good you'll think they put real meat in it!  I also tried the Golden Tofu Wrap but I was not impressed with it as it had way too much rice and not enough tofu.  I ate in the restaurant once and I would not recommend it.  It is too small, no wait staff,  and the tables tend to get dirty with food bits from previous customers.  Good for take-out though!Govinda's and I go waaaay waaay back. In 2008, I was living in Chicago for almost a decade when I decided to get back in touch with my "skipping high school to hop a bus from Harrisburg to hang out on South Street" day trip enthusiast roots in Philly. I booked a fight, a hotel, and planned: hanging out in Philly as an adult with money from my big girl job was going to open up a whole new side of the city. Woo!
But, first things were first: where to get a seriously good vegetarian cheesesteak? Not only did I feel inauthentic for growing up near the city and never trying one (kind of tough after voluntarily giving up meat at age 15), I was so sick of Midwesterners familiar with Philly's forever cheesesteak rivalry asking me about my favorite cheesesteak place and having NOTHING to say about it. If I could find a place that could sell me something similar and soy or wheat gluten-based, I could finally belong to this weird society of sloppy meat sandwich eaters, even if it was in a once-removed kind of way. I would have loved to respond to "Jim's or Gino's?!" with some obscure name, in true hipster fashion, as I was. Govinda's would do.
And I think this was the first time I ever seriously used yelp to recommend me the best vegetarian cheesesteak in Philly. I searched for a little bit, but over and over, Govinda's was reported to be the best. So, on the list it went! I would later work this into some evening plans and experience one of the best vegetarian sandwiches of my career as a vegetarian.
The thing I enjoy the most about Govinda's vegan cheesesteak is the balance of ingredients. It's just enough cheese, just enough mayo, and the "chicken" to bread ratio is great. The texture is there and the taste is decent for being a meat substitute product. Now that I live a few blocks away from Govinda's, I realize how diner-y the place is itself. When I was visiting and, a few years later, very, very new to Philly as a resident , I used to shyly order my food and go hide in the back dining room. Now that I'm over that awkward newb phase, I realize, that the front part has a really comfy seating area where, in most places, you can watch the magic happen on the grill. There's a pretty nice view of Broad and South from there , too. 
Have I tried anything else on the menu? No. I'm mostly interested in/have the budget for finding the perfect vegan cheesesteak in Philly, and I continue to return to Govinda's over and over again. It's been a fun hunt but, as of now, this is the place to go! I love having them live down my street, even if I'm just walking by watching college students bond over wheat gluten and soy. Sincerely. I heart Govinda's!This is a vegetarian place that makes food that looks and tastes like meat. "Chicken" cheese steak - arguably better than the real cheese steak, very satisfying, flavorful, good portion, and doesn't have that greasy, fatty taste that makes you regret eating it afterwards. I was blown away the first time I had it and definitely wanted to go back again. 
This is not the vegetarian place where you can see and taste the vegetable. I have no idea what went into making my "chicken". Just have to trust it. 
The biggest downside is the wait time. They typically only have two people working and it takes foreveerrrrr to make the food. No matter you are dining in or having it to go.  Impatient customers seating around the counter is a common phenomenon. Be prepared to entertain yourself for 20-30 min. Or call in advance to put in your order. I should have done that....The staff there is very friendly though. So chatting up one of them is a good way to kill time. ;)Long time repeat vegan to-go customer here with the real deal... Food is as great as ever!!!... Service staff is consistently courteous, helpful but often "new here." Keep in mind it is a cafe so one can see why to-go ordering is preferred by reviews online. Order food 30 minutes before pick up. Prices were raised as of this post. I ordered over the phone and saw the lunch combo meal's price of $6.50 freshly erased from the board. I was told my two combo meals were $9.00 each (thats a half-sandwich & fries). The cake slice is now $6.00 not $5.00. They didn't have new menus reflecting that price increase or the price increases for all the other items. For now one should ask the price of items before ordering as the board, print menu and online menus are currently inaccurate.I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian and I always make it a point to stop here in addition to one of the real cheesesteak spots. Food is food, and if it's delicious then it's delicious.
The vegan chicken cheesesteak is a really solid sandwich. I actually look forward to it every time I'm in Philly. I get it with really light vegan mayo, just barely spread on the bread, because I can't stand actual mayo at all. But the vegan kind at this place in a very small dose adds a nice oily richness to the sandwich that I love.
The fries are fresh cut and really good too, especially with ketchup. I finish it all off with a Hank's root beer, which sometimes they have available and sometimes they don't, it seems. But if they do, I say get one.
Place is recommended for both vegans and non-vegans.A Chicken Cheesesteak with neither chicken nor cheese (nor steak) is a pretty solid option at Govinda's eve for a meat eater, although next time I will opt for real cheese. The vegan desserts are good too, especially the moist Carrot Cake.  I am thrilled to have a place that I can take both vegans and omnivores and everyone can eat in harmony.AMAZING. Govinda's is simply amazing!  We have been there several times after finally making the hour long trip to the city to try it.  It is now our favorite food establishment ever...period.  We're a veg family and it's so nice to go somewhere that we can order anything on the menu worry free!  Everything we've tried is so delicious.  The food is abundant and fresh, and the prices are just fine.  For the takeout section: my favorite food is without a doubt the Seafood salad wrap.  Oh WOW.  It's pure heaven in a huge soft overstuffed wrap.  How can it taste that awesome yet NOT be real seafood?!?! I I also tried the fish sandwich and that was nice.  My husband, like most reviewers loves the chicken cheesesteak.  We ate at the fine dining section once.  We chose the buffet for $15. That is a NICE price if you ask me!  The food was delicious!  There were about four entrees on the bar and several rice dishes and we received a nice salad with really unique and tasty dressing.  One of the entrees was a tofu in a golden sauce like the wrap in the to-go section.  I found that sauce to be about the best thing I ever ate and found myself putting it on EVERYTHING!!  We ate upstairs and found it to be very quaint and quite romantic!  Highly recommended.  I can't wait to go back.  I just can't wait!Chicken cheesesteak with soy cheese: 4.5/5
The seeded roll was great, and the cubes of chicken had a fantastic texture! I wish I had to options of subbing the peppers for onions, though.
Ham and egg salad in spinach wrap with soy cheese: 3.5/5
It was filled well (almost burrito-like), and tasty. However, that ham did have the notable "fake-meat" ham taste, but it's still good.
Prices were a little high, though..Delish vegan/vegetarian food here!!! The 'chicken' cheesesteak is SO good!!!! You would have no idea it wasn't chicken if you didn't look at the cubes of textured soy protein. They do a beautiful job of seasoning their soy protein so it actually tastes better than the real thing! A winner!!Tasty and flexible. We arrived close to closing and they were out of certain vegetables but made some great substitutions. 
Update your website! I was really looking forward to a full meal...not just a sandwich. But what you came up with was delicious.Not a vegetarian but friends bought me a veggie chicken cheese steak, incredible so filling. honestly if i didn't know it was veggie i would have though it was chicken, very well flavored. great soft hoagie wheat bread for the sandwich as well.The food is hands down the best tasting vegetarian option that's easy for take out. They have a nice edition to sit down to eat with a nice view of south street and the people that walk around. 4 stars because the wait time for 2 cheesesteaks and an order of chicken fingers was 45 minutes. It's 8:30pm so a late dinner with maybe a handful of people still here. The cheesesteaks are always a hit for me and never a miss. The chicken fingers are something new in trying since my brother is in town. Lots of options to choose from and completely vegetarian which is nice.First time here & the food was so good! It was date day & my partner brought me here for the chicken cheesesteak & fish sandwich. When we arrived we order and got some recommendations from the staff. My first thought was that this place needs a an update for sure but it's usually the small places with the best food & I wasn't wrong at all. 
My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5 
Parking availability: 3
Business Energy Cleanliness : 3
Bathrooms: yes, 2
Staff friendliness : 5
Seating Space: 5
Service: 3 
Of course, I ate my partners fish sandwich first before even touching my chicken cheesesteak. Haha . The fish sandwich was so tasty although could have used a bit more soft . I definitely think they could work on presentation of the food. They didn't have much drink options for us to chose from so we shared a all natural hibiscus juice which was amazing ! 
I can't wait to come back & hopefully try something else because their vegan options are amazing & everything on the menu looked amazing . If you're in the area definitely check this place out !Unfortunately there are not many fast food vegan places in the city.  Govindas is one of them.  I have eaten here many times during my adult life and must say that last night will be the final time.  Not that the food doesn't taste good going down, it just doesn't taste good coming up.  Worst indigestion ever - it's fast alright.  Go here if you're dying for some grease, don't trick yourself into thinking, I'm eating vegan, this is healthy... It's not always.Let's be honest, their vegan chicken cheese steak is out of this world! Get it on a whole wheat wrap with vegan cheese and soy mayo -- to die for! I also love that they have Vegan Treats, but I am not sure why they don't order more because they always sell out within a day or so. 
Now, what keeps me from giving this place five stars is the service. Want to call in an order? Well, sometimes you have to call 10 or more times before someone finally decides to answer the phone. Even if you do get someone on the phone, they usually put you on hold for five minutes or longer. It does seem like they might have perhaps hired some new staff, though, because it's been better the last few times I was there. 
Also, they serve dairy, which is very annoying because I have had dairy cheese accidentally put on my vegan cheesesteak on more than one occasion! While they have always fixed the problem, it's very annoying when you have to go all the way back. They have a sign that says they deliver, but whenever I have asked about it, they told me they don't. 
Also, the atmosphere in the kitchen area is really disgusting. Dirty and dingy. Also, there is no air, so in the summer everyone is sweating, even the people hovering over your food on the grill. Also, there always seems to be a long line and moves at a glacial pace. To summarize, the service and atmosphere suck, but the food is so good, I keep going back!On a Friday evening, ordered a golden tofu wrap. Staff were extremely warm and friendly. My only complaint is the long wait: about 15-20 mins. But when my food arrived, it was tasty, warm, and generously portioned. I'd go again for a quick, casual dinner or to order food to-go.I've been to this place several times, each time seemingly worst than the last. Philadelphia is a great place for vegetarian and vegan diners, and for whatever reason they all seem to love it here. The food itself isn't incredibly inventive, just traditional soups, salads, and sandwiches but with vegan meat and cheese substitutes. I'm never wowed by the food, especially for the price. This spot's worst quality is definitely the service. I went in on a Wednesday afternoon, with only one customer ahead of me. I order only the chicken quesadilla and sit at the counter, anticipating a 5-10 min wait, considering how simple of a dish it is. Boy was I wrong. Another woman comes in, who seems to be friends with the cashier and cook, as both of them stopped working to talk to her. She places an order and quickly receives her food. Then I see the cook start a quesadilla, so I'm not too peeved that my order got pushed back. The quesadilla sits on the counter for a few minutes before I ask if it was my food, apparently it wasn't so I continued waiting. Finally I received my chicken quesadilla, after waiting a little over half an hour. The wrap was dry, the vegan chicken had a weird wet, rubbery texture, accompanied with a sprinkle of cheese. Worth the price? No. Worth the wait? Hell no. 2 stars because the cashier wasn't a total jerk. 
TLDR: Philly has great vegan restaurants, this is not one of them. Take your time and money elsewhere.Why do people love this place so much? I mean, the sandwiches are okay, but they're a bit expensive. I remember going here a couple years ago when they listed what was vegan and what wasn't vegan. I guess they stopped doing it because they made everything vegan OR because people were shocked that half of the things weren't vegan. 
Honestly, I only go here for the Vegan Treats cakes. 2 stars for the amazing cake they get on Thursdays!Just an update: I LOVE their rice and beans here. Best I have found in the city.  Basically, it's a Chimchaunga (yep, I have no idea how to spell that ~ but I think you know what I'm sayin' ;) ) without the wrap. If your down with gluten, flour, breads and such then wrap away! You on't be sorry, it's SO Good! :) FINALLY! I have a GOOD 
go-to spot in the city for Rice and Beans :)I don't even like real chicken anymore.
Please just try their vegan chicken cheesesteak so you can die happy, too.
Came here around 9pm last Saturday - they had run out of rolls and I was worried.  Will we miss out on the complete culinary experience as a result? 
Even as we surreptitiously sneered at the adjacent lady grinning down at her 3 huge empty rolls, the aroma wafting through the air and the arrival of our steaming wraps snapped us back.
We each had a different wrap flavor (wheat, spinach and chili) and were all swept off our feet. You can choose your cheese too: mozzarella or soy. I was overtly glad I chose soy as the mozzarella made it too hot to eat immediately and I could pleasantly devour while I watched the others perform the open-your-mouth-for-steam-to-escape charade.
Service was very pleasant.  And although I have yet to try anything else on their menu, judging by the absolute perfection of their "chicken" cheesesteak, I have high hopes.As a born-again vegetarian (as in, I started eating meat because I got lazy) who is increasingly leaning toward a vegan diet, I have to give my love to places like Govinda's. Dedicated to offering delicious non-meat meals and desserts, Govinda's is a breath of fresh air-- especially in a sea of bland tofu dishes from restaurants who try to accommodate the herbivores but fail (I won't mention any names). On a nice sunny afternoon, my boyfriend and I made our way to the Gourmet-to-Go section, and the first thing I thought of was another Yelp review, in which someone said their place was too cramped. It wasn't very busy, but there were a few open tiny tables by the food prep area, nice outdoor seating, and a cozy little dining room that screamed "quaint," in a good way. I'm pretty sure that seating was for the to-go side as well, but I could be wrong. The food itself is very affordable-- boyfriend ordered 1 pepper steak with cow cheese, and I got the "meal deal" (not advertised on their in-store menu, but advertised online) of half a chicken (soy)cheese steak and a cup of chicken salsa soup for a whopping total of $16. Both were totally delicious-- I savored each bite, and wiped the soup bowl clean with the comforting, hearty whole-wheat roll (by the way, who said their bread sucks? I loved it, and love that they offer non-white bread). The ingredients all tasted fresh-- perfect non-spongy seitan (it's hard to get that right), just the right amount of seasoning, melty casein-free soy cheese and non-oily fresh green peppers on a fluffly whole wheat roll. The soup was extremely flavorful too, with a good balance of chicken to corn, swimming in a warming tomato broth with just a touch of spice. We would've sprung for dessert, but completely cleaned our plates and those desserts are kind of pricey, anyway (a birthday splurge is in order next month, though).
So. To summarize:
A is for affordable
B is for Better-than-most veggie options at other restaurants (okay, I'd also say Govinda's is better than most restaurants I've tried in general-- I'm still in post-vegan food coma bliss)
C is for chicken cheese steak! Delicious!
Go there and be prepared to have your taste buds wowed, and your mind blown away by how good vegan dining can be.Hit or miss with both the service and food.
First, attempting to customize an order may put you on a staff member's murder list. Last time I was in I just wanted to order a platter as a sandwich instead of with rice. Roll in place of rice, that's it. Staff was confused, unwilling, unfriendly. 
Next, you might get schmimed on sandwich goodies.. the first time I came here I got a lot more "chicken" and an extra inch of roll than ~8 months later. 
Dessert counter is awesome -- on a good day. If it looks picked over, it's probably 6 days old and the coconut cake that could once melt on your tongue will now make your salivary glands literally cry for more moisture. I think Thursday is Vegan Treats delivery day, so claim that vegan peanut butter cheesecake before the weekend is over. (Because it will cost way too much to settle for a day under perfection.)
If you want the best veg cheesesteak in Philly, try Blackbird. (Or get a cheesesteak BURRITO at Cantina Dos Segundos!) But do get the chicken cheesesteak here, because it's still worth me coming back for. Plus Govinda's has been a veg staple longer than most, so it deserves some cred.Mannnnn soooo gooooodddd!!! Went here last weekend with the drunken munchies and let me tell you this place doesn't disappoint! TRY EVERYTHING ON  THE MENU! SERIOUSLY! I've had a few of their menu options and everything is awesome. Almost everything is vegan, however, make sure you ask for vegan cheeses as they also serve real cheese. I recommend their "meat"ball sub. Its a favorite of mine and the last time I went they ran out of rolls and instead made my sub into a wrap... I'm probably going to always order it that way because it was outta this world. Oh and did I mention, its CHEAP!!!! So for those of you who are being health conscience or those of us who have committed to vegan/vegetarian and are broke, eat here best bang for your buck in the city.Good, affordable vegetarian food in Philadelphia. We always make a stop when we're in town.Oh my gentle Jesus. I moved from the Philly area to Chicago a month ago, and I'm reviewing Govinda's in a fit of homesickness.
I've never eaten in here; my boyfriend and I always picked up or had it delivered, so we ordered from the to-go menu. There aren't enough positive adjectives in the English language for how much I love this food. I'm a vegetarian, so I didn't go for vegan cheese or anything (even though I'm sporadically vegan), because I love hot gooey melted cheese, because I'm human (not to knock vegan cheese; I've eaten it and enjoyed it as well). That said, here's what I ate the numerous times we ordered from here:
Philly Chicken Cheesesteak--ridiculous. 
Ham and Cheese Hoagie--my go-to. I love this sandwich. 
Fish Sandwich--how they do fake fish justice is beyond me, but if it tastes like this I'll take it. 
Seafood Salad Wrap--again, this is so delicious and fake how? If I could eat anything meat again, it would be seafood, so this was a fantastic discovery.
And the grand finale, for our fall-of-the-Roman-Empire-type days, was a side of twelve fried scallops and cocktail sauce. Oh. My. God.
Here's what makes Govinda's so perfect: it's vegetarian comfort food. Because there's nothing like unwrapping that foil and biting into a hot, cheesy, greasy miracle, and why should non-carnivores be deprived of this? And this stuff tastes pretty genuine--and when it doesn't, it's still delicious. I was never not in the mood for it.
And I have to give them props again for that non-seafood. Bravo, Govinda's. Bravo.I went to this place for the first time today and LOVED it. I will admit I had pretty low expectations just judging on appearance outside and inside, but the food did not disappoint. I wanted to order the chicken burger but they were out of buns so I got a chicken quesedilla instead. I'm assuming since we went there around 8 that's why they didn't have rolls, which was a little annoying but my quesadilla was awesome. I chose a spinach tortilla which turned out to be really good. My friend ordered the chicken cheesesteak and loved it as well. The only reason this place is getting 4 stars not 5 is because there were only two people working and the line was pretty long. Putting that aside.. I will definitely be making frequent visits to this place.The food is great but despite what Yelp says, they do not deliver.  Take out is a definite but delivery is a no go.  Their Yelp page def needs to be updated. Oh yeah, the chicken cheese steaks are really good.Kind of a grimy place with questionable cleanliness and staff that's not quite all there.  All of the dishes feature faux-meats, which were a bit bland and very greasy.  I tried the "chicken" cheese steak, the "kofta" sub and fries.  The chicken steak was okay... I'm not sure if it was seitan or tofu or some combination of the two, but it was edible enough.  The Kofta "meatballs" tasted like bulgur wheat or some type of grain packed into meatball shapes... meh.  Very mediocre, not very clean, and nothing special if you don't have dietary restrictions.As much as I love Govinda's, and love it way more than Gianna's, there's nothing as good as the chicken cheesesteak here. I I love their cheesesteak so much, that nothing else on their menu compares. It's a little sad, really. I will try to order something else when I go in and just be horribly disappointed. It's terrible, actually. And I don't believe it's just horrible by comparison to the cheesesteak, it's just not that great. Even the regular cheese steak on the menu, is just OK, regularly, not compared. Then it's just blah when you do remember how sensational the chicken cheese steak is.
The service is alright, the atmosphere is lacking, but you're really there for the food. Right?
5 stars for the chicken cheesesteak, 3 stars for everything else. 4 stars wins.Used to come here 10+ years ago and it was  fire but starting to feel like the care of Govinda's has fallen by the wayside. The guy taking our order seemed like he could care less...being on his phone was more important than taking our order. Wouldn't call this "fast/casual" more like "slow/gross."  Bathrooms are gross. The only saving grace is the 'chicken' cheesesteak...if you can get it while they still have bread. Was only offered the option of a cheesesteak on a wrap, which I wouldn't really consider a cheesesteak....also, it was so dry that I'm not sure there was actually 'cheese' on it.  The fries were soggy and bland. The more things I try off the menu, the more I believe the chicken cheesesteak is the only good thing they can make. #dobetterI'm not veg, but I do like alot of veg food. And I love Govindas. I've been here more times than I can count and each time I leave with a smile on my face. If I order take-out, I find myself almost running to get home and dig-in. 
Obviously the chicken cheesteak reins supreme but I haven't had one thing yet that I don't like. The chicken quesadilla and chicken nuggets are runners-up. Not to mention the delcious vegan sweet treats they have for desert. 
You go Govindas!I'm really glad that this place exists but my BBQ seitan sandwich was a 3/10It has been way too long since I last wrote about Govindas. It has had multiple changes which has improved the speed at which orders are given and even the quality of the food and atmosphere. The only change I don't like is that they don't serve Vegan Treats peanut butter cookies anymore; you can still get Vegan Treats products, just not the cookies of my dreams. However, I understand it is a price issue, and I appreciate the owner worrying about my bottom line.  Anyway, thanks for being a gem in this city full of wonderful vegetarian and vegan restaurants.The food is great here. Chicken cheesesteak  wrap is my favorite. However, service is s bit slow and I've been to places in china town with better interior decor. Also be warned: both times I've eaten hear the food has given me terrible gas that could clear a room.No frills atmosphere, but clean. Somewhat busy, but staff managed it well on a Sunday afternoon. Food came out in under 10 minutes.
I had the Chicken Cheesesteak with vegan cheese/mayo on a seeded white roll. The bread was fantastic: chewy bite, fresh tasting. I really enjoyed the faux chicken as well, diced with all sides seared. The vegan cheese lacked flavor and the vegan mayo wasn't too tasty either. I think the sauce could be improved: I found myself dreaming of a salty, cheezy nooch-based sauce that a huge ladle full would do wonders for this sandwich.
Overall a decent place in Philly that I'd likely visit again.Govinda's Gourmet to Go used to be a favorite of mine. They seem to have changed hands recently and made a lot of changes. Some for the best, some not so much. They now accept credit cards and the decor is much more inviting. 
However, there has been a definite change in the way they make their chicken cheese steak. It's still good, don't get me wrong, but not as good as it used to be. They also stopped putting Heinz ketchup out on the tables. A big disappointment for me (a ketchup fiend). 
I'll probably be craving Govinda's a little less in the future.Chicken cheese steak is OUT OF THIS WORLD. I love it on the wrap with veganaise. The food is fresh and warm every time. Soups are also good, and dependable. Desserts are ENORMOUS and vegan, quite tasty.
It's great to have such a conveniently placed vegan/vegetarian place in center city. If it was a little closer to my work I'm pretty sure I'd have Govinda's once a week.
Just be warned: be prepared to wait a little while for your sandwich. This place always has lines, but you'll quickly see why. It's possible to come in here with only a little time to spare, but you might want to be prepared just in case they're busy.Vegan Chicken Cheesesteaks are the best that you can find anywhere, they have the BEST vegan cheese ever, it is more of a sauce but is absolutely AMAZING!!!!
They also have awesome vegan Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream, it does not even taste vegan, it is so gooooooooood.
If you like cake, they have a selection of cake from the Vegan Treats bakery in Bethlehem, PA these cakes are out of this world. 
Their food is simply amazing, you don't need to be vegan or vegetarian to go here, all my friends I've taken here whether vegetarian or not love the food here!!!!!!!The vegan chik'n cheesesteak makes it a five-star place (but stay away from the french fries, they're soggy and gross) and the Vegan Treats desserts are literally icing on the cake (try the peanut butter bomb - so good!)  I like the chik'n cheesesteak in a wrap best but it's also good in the regular roll.  Since I go to Govinda's when I'm craving the chik'n cheesesteak, I haven't tried many of their other items, but friends dining with me have told me the Kofta Ball sub is really good.Albeit from the insufficient supply of pecan rolls from Vegan Treats, this place is the source of many things delicious!We were overwhelmed by the menu and starving and wanted to order it all! Unfortunately we couldn't. We had the "chicken cheesesteak " and the "fish sandwich " and shared a large order of fries. So the chicken cheesesteak was amazing!! Very well seasoned, definitely worth trying! The fish sandwich was not my cup of tea! Not a fan at all!!! Not sure if the wrap threw it off but there was a bad aftertaste. I just ended up eating the inside but still wasn't crazy about it. The fries were incredibly greasy!! Like let me get some paper towels to blot- no the whole roll please greasy!! We would go back for just those cheesesteaks. The service was good and we got our food within decent timing! We'll be returning next time we're in the area.I must start by saying I am nowhere near a vegetarian or a vegan! My vegetarian friend and I were out one night and he suggested we stop here for chicken cheesesteaks, I was skeptical but agreed to go for the experience. This sandwich was the best I have ever had. I completely forgot I was not eating meat since it was soooo tasty. I sometimes dream of it lol!  Since then I have been back multiple times.this place is awesome.  with the following caveats:  the food is not healthy,  the counter staffers are usually slow, sometimes they run out of desserts and that makes me sad.  its like a philly staple and i've been coming here since before i even moved to philly so this place has a special spot in my heart!LOVE the cheesesteak wrap with soy cheese. I didn't like the meatball sub though. Now I just always order the cheesesteak wrap! My bf really likes the chicken salad wrap though. YUM!Dirt is vital for proper plant growth.
Earth-shaking botany is way down on reasons why people visit Yelp, so there's no need to overdose my floral background/talents.
I just know - I went to university for a while - that nutrients (nitrogen?) and other yecchy stuff comprise excellent qualitative dirt. 
Probably in the old times, seventy-six years ago, you could eat a decent pile of materielle and not get sick... you might even feel good about it.
These days, who is so certain about anything?
Thru continual research over and under Philadelphia, I have been noting several intriguing sub-varieties of dirt. 
The exact data are to be published soon on my website blog. Please trust that most species are unhealthy - a couple are downright carcinogenic, a few severely poisionous, several quick-into-the-mud pasture piles.
Please don't panic. 
Not all dirt will kill you, nor others on your lists... you potentially murderous lot, you know to whom I refer... I  feel the behind-the-click violence ionizing en masse here - I mean on Yelp - and soon...
(this is logical as there exists no obvious way to berate, vote down or castigate viewpoints and the atrocious reviewers behind them)
do keep that to yourself!
That's all besides the points, I guess. Few people would use dirt to dispatch someone.
So I ate yesterday at Govinda's. 
research notes:
*  Prep areas, tables, servers and receivers of food, floors, bathrooms (sic) possess layered colonies of dreck - fourteen original flavors, never sampled before in this area... a Galapagos for smudge Beagles
*  yellow-tooth lighting, warbly tables, unkempt containers of cooked and raw vegetables, or masses of grey chunks pervade the atmosphere
* overarching lack of sensibility, confused spicing and stuck-smiling servers may lead to dearths of gastric pleasure
 (the acid rain outside tasted much better in comparison)
* Cashish did get absorbed into the collective sponge behind the counters without apparent hesitation.
Thank the lord of your choice for Wild Turkey - smart person research has determined the brown flow to be antidote against many harmful bacteria, virus, mold and spore - I do suggest, I implore you to bring a jigger or two and ingest it immediately after any Govindan maneuvers
Fundamentally, I still believe in dirt - it provides a home for beautiful vegetables and fruits - each dignified and amazing in taste, texture and life, respectively
However, distorting nature to fit one's preferred kingdom seems egotistic, wasteful, hypocritical - non-natural
Imagine a citizen claiming to be "pro-life" took a doll or mannequin-baby and smeared fake blood on its surface - solely to make some awful "point" or whatever
Exactly
Most things dig a proper place in this world, cliches as well. 
mock meat is herbicide 
products of this good Earth deserve proper sanitation
do we need another cult to further muck up our perilous spiritual/culinary situation?Omg I finally found a vegetarian friendly spot, where EVERYthing is vegetarian. Okay, let me back up. I went to Philly for a concert and while driving, I spotted this place. My friend looked it up and saw it was all vegetarian. I though woah. Even the shrimp....even the shrimp. Before we departed Philly, we stopped by and since I've been a vegetarian for 6 years, I was kinda wanted something kinda resembling a cheese steak. I ordered the chicken  cheese steak on a sesame roll. Eh. Bread was too chewy but I could taste the potential. My friend loved her shrimp wrap and because of that, I'm willing to give it another chance. In fact, Im even willing to try most of the menu. 
Where this place loses a star (besides the chewy bread) is the fact my friend had a discount deal and I the cashier didnt wait for us to pull it up for our discount. We'll use it next time....The chicken cheesesteak might be one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten in my life.I love this place. The food is excellent and besides being close to my house it is opened during times that are convenirnt for my schedule.  The rice dish with greens was super and the deserts are even more delectable.Solid veg place with a decent cheesesteak (I prefer the rainbow pepper steak to the chicken, personally). The Indian food is not stellar, but it's flavorful enough. Mostly what I like about this place is the number of options; it's refreshing, as a vegetarian, to find a menu full of reasonably tasty things I can eat.
I'd say it's a bit overhyped, but I do like Govinda's, and it's a reliable stop if I'm ever craving fake meat!SLOW
in the time it takes to have your sandwich brought to your table after you order it, you could leave the restaurant, walk to whole foods, buy the ingredients, go home, make it, and come back to the restaurant.
and this is when there's no other customers in there.The only thing I have ever tried here is the chicken cheese steak. And if I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life, it would be Govinda's chicken cheese steak. I heard about this amazing sandwich through friends and when I finally tried it, my mouth exploded. The peppers, mozzarella cheese, & soy chicken are perfectly fried and tossed right into a crusty roll. I ONLY reccomend eating this sandwich on a roll. The wrap gets too soggy & doesn't have enough substance to it.
I'm not even close to being a vegetarian & I love it here. I will definitely branch out into other menu items as soon as I get over my love for their chicken cheese steak.i was having a bad day and then i saw govindas now sells pizza. my vegan slice was hot and delicious and even though it was $4, i was not hungry after. maybe a little salty. i drank like 8 cups of water when i got home.
they really could lose the dairy option and make it 100% vegan. it's not the 90s. i would bet they would do better if it was all vegan!Govindas is totally a "mature vegetarian's Gianna's," but they really need to expand their menu.  Be prepared for a very good meal when you go there, but don't be ready to see many options.  The quality of the food leaves you wishing there was more.
*****EDIT******
I've decided to update this review and add a fifth star.  Upon further visits, I've concluded that Govinda's selection is alright and I simply wasn't giving all of the menu items a chance.  I had previously ignored soup and chicken tender options, wrongfully assuming that they'd be out of the can in the case of the former and out of a Morning Star box in the case of the latter.  I was wrong.  The soup was homemade and the chicken tenders were amazingly original.  They even came with a halfway decent BBQ sauce.
PLUS -- Govinda's keeps relatively late hours on the weekdays, especially for a small, takeout restaurant on South Street.  I can't remember off the top of my head what time it closes, but I'm pretty sure it's around 11pm (I don't want to give an exact time that's wrong and mislead people, so let's just say it's late).
Govinda's is a five star pleasure for your health and taste buds; that's a hard take to accomplish.Oh, Govinda's Vegetarian - I am in Cheesesteak heaven! 
This was the ooiest, gooiest sandwich I've had in YEARS! My faith in true-blue veggie comfort food has been fully restored & I'm still dreaming of your deliciousness 
In Philly for the long weekend & knew I couldn't leave there w/out getting a cheesesteak but I wanted the best & didn't have time to mess around ..... enter Govinda's 
It was super hard to decide b/t the Chicken Cheesesteak or "regular" cheesesteak b/c people seem to absolutely rave about the chicken.....but I was here for a traditional cheesesteak darn it, so that meant no chicken! 
Huge sandwich! Pepper "Steak" had marinated chunks of "meat" with peppers & cheese all grilled up together - mixing all the flavors & getting it all melty & gooey.... on a sesame seed roll which was likewise soft & just grilled for a bit to heat it all the way through to add to the gooiness 
Also chose a PB & Choc Chip cookie - there are stacks & stacks of yummy cookies sitting evilly by the register & I couldn't resist.....seemed to be a vegan-hybrid kind of cookie.  I noticed there were no eggs in the ingredients listing but there were choc chips & since it didn't specify carob, I assumed they were the real deal.....which was just fine w/ me!
Impression of the cookie?  Very large & very tasty..... but should have eaten it soon as I got it - it was super soft &gooey & mushy but got crumbly as it sat around (I ate it once we got to the airport)....but who doesn't like to enjoy dessert first anyway!
Staff was nice as could be & although it was like 100 degrees in there, they were smiling & helping out this funny couple who just couldn't for the life of them understand how this place could be all vegetarian 
But with choices like Chicken Cheesesteak & Pepper Steak, who can blame them! 
Govinda's in def on my list as a must-stop for all future Philly visits!!!Amazing.  I can't even say how nice it is to sit outside in the biting into a hot "chicken" cheesesteak sandwich while drinking a cold fizzy something-or-other and making plans with friends while peoplewatching fellow G2G customers and foot traffic on broad and south.  Highly recommended.  If the weather isn't nice be warned, if you want to sit inside 1)its really hot 2) there are only a few tables adjacent to the counter, so its kinda crowded.First off I LOVE THE FOOD at Govindas. Their Chicken Cheesesteak might be the best vegan mock-meat sandwich in Philadelphia. Their other items are good too, especially the Chicken Quesadilla, but the Chicken Cheesesteak is the star on the menu. They also have amazing vegan deserts from VeganTreats.
The only complaints that I have is the service grinds to a halt once a few people are ordering food. Some days I have waited almost an hour for a sandwich. Also the desert portions are a little small for the price.
I definitely recommend that everyone tries their food and get the vegan options on your meal, they just taste better. You should expect that you will have to wait or that the hipster running the cash register might silently judge you, but the food makes it worth it.I was very disappointed in this place. I read all the great reviews and made my way there one weekday evening for a take out dinner. I ordered the dinner plate. 
I was told that the plate was rice, kofta and subji - they tasted terrible. The rice had no taste or flavour. There was some kind of stale and sour taste to the 'subji' which was a glorified name for cabbage and cauliflower they seem to have boiled in turmeric and vinegar. The 'kofta' I'm not sure what it was made of but it had the texture of soya balls dripping with water and coated with a very sour but otherwise tasteless tomato sauce. The only thing also smelled pretty bad. My attempts to refurbish this with yogurt and sriracha sauce (which works most of the time) were also unsuccessful on account of the weird smell. 
I had the dinner plate for $12 and this was a colossal waste of money. I actually threw out 85% of this 'plate' and went hungry that evening.The food was wonderful and the stuff is on my phone service was good the atmosphere is OK you purchase the food and you sit down but one thing was an awful thing will have three kids with us 2 our infant And one toddler we were freezing it was so cold in there probably like 58 or so it was extremely cold in there we had to have a codes it was really uncomfortable to eat because it was so cold maybe in the summer is a lot better looks like they have a problem with the heating. I do recommend the phone it was interesting my first time meeting at the restaurantthe first bite i had of this chicken cheesesteak made me sick.  it was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO realistic, and i heard good things, but wow... it tastes like chicken!  without being greasy/nasty, the fake chicken is moist, unlike other mock meats i've had.  it is seasoned perfectly, making this sandwich extremely crave-worthy.  i like it so much that i can never bring myself to order anything else when i go anymore.  
however, the kofta sub is incredible... indian spices in a meatball-style sub with marinara...
i'm so glad this place exists.We order take-out or delivery (when it's available) from here quite frequently. I've never had anything that's bad (though, the fries tend to get a bit soggy if they're not eaten immediately). My favorite is definitely the Sabji Wrap, which I really could eat once or more a week and be satisfied. Very filling and delicious. Joel likes the chicken cheesesteak, which I think is just OK. Even my carnivorous brother enjoyed a sandwich from here, so you know it's good. Definitely worth a try, especially on nights when you just don't feel like cooking dinner.Vegan chicken cheese steak is the way to go here but make sure you get the mayo...which makes it not vegan...or else it's as dryas the Sahara.  Skip the oily, limp fries.  Take your own water and save $2.  It's run down but best vegan cheesesteaks in Phillygovinda's is the equivalent to vegan crack...the chicken fingers make my arm pits sweat and i must admit i have a thing for their sloopy joes..my only complaint is that they always run out of the blue bubble gum jones drink....the cream soda is okay but it's all about the blue stuff...Personally I was overwhelmed a little too greasy. I guess it's necessary when you have a taste for something that feels like fast food but overall the experience was not for me. Nor would I be particularly interested in staying in eating inside the restaurant.Stay away from the sludge over at Gianna's...these are the best veg cheesesteaks in town by a country mile. A Philly vegetarian classic.As a vegetarian, I'm used to only having to pick among 2-3 choices at most restaurants. At Govinda's, I was completely overwhelmed at how many (delicious sounding) choices I had. Luckily, the cashier was extremely friendly and knowledgable about the menu and could recommend various dishes for me. I had a "cheese steak" with fake meat, mozzarella cheese, green peppers, and bbq sauce on a sesame roll. it was to die for. We also got the quesadillas, which were quite similar to the sandwich, only on quesadilla.  I liked the sandwich more. Relaxed, grab and go, or you can sit outside. There's also a bar-like table inside. I think they are renovating the main restaurant.We ate at the gourmet to go side and it was fantastic although there aren't many items on the menu. Everything is vegetarian and most can be made vegan as well.Without fail once a month I get really upset about the amount of animal I consume. Destined for change I flock to Govinda's. I've been in a rut getting the 'cheesesteak.' Now of course it is NOTHING like the wonderpile at Jim's, for better or worse. But it is not bad, in fact it's really tasty, and I don't feel guilty for a week after I leave the place.Oh Yelpers. I wish somebody had mentioned the samosas before I ordered. I got them as an afterthought when getting the chicken cheese-steak and korma sandwhich. 
These other things are yummy.
But the Samosas. I feel like they shouldn't be as amazing because this is more of a fast food place (almost?) not a fancy indian restaurant.
Alas -no matter the source- I want more of those samosas. Every damn meal. yuh-um.
Anyway - Govinda's I'll be back.I've been going her for about 15 years. It really used to be the best place around. I don't know what happened but it's not the same. The food has gone downhill so much.  We got the pepper steak sandwich and the fried fish sandwich. There was barely any filling on either sandwich. The soy cheese was barely there. Both "meats were minced so fine that they were indistinguishable between the two sandwiches. There was barely any gravy on the pepper steak. I'm sad to say I can't spend my money there anymore. Aside from the lackluster food it took about 45 mins to get the sandwiches after we were told they'd be ready in 15mins.Consider Govinda's a lesson in how meat is a completely useless food group.  
OK so a little backstory:  I was raised eating meat, but at about 14 years old (and after disecting a baby pig for school) I began a life-long journey into cruelty-free living.  Now, as a vegetarian for a really really long time, I've bought and made tons of over-priced meat substitutes of various permutations of tofu, seitan, tempeh, and textured vegetable protein.  I can safely say that I have NO IDEA what the people at Govinda's do to make their fake meat so freakin delicious.  Who knows, maybe they were blessed by the yogic gods due to their extreme non-violence practices and given the modern day version of manna to serve to well-faring Philadelphians.
Oh. and did I mention that this is a Jain restaurant?  I don't have official confirmation of this, but if you look at the menu there is a marked lack of garlic and onions, and they use spring mix instead of whole lettuce heads.  Talk about ahimsa all the way!  So badass!
Other than the fact that you'll probably have to wait for what feels like a hungry eternity to get any kind of food (I mean seriously, 15 minutes for samosa? I can see it right there and you don't even have to heat it up!), what you get in the end is totally worth the wait.  
You have to try the classic chicken-cheesesteak (I like it in a wrap with tomato and spring mix) or the kofta sub (veggie meatballs with marinara).  And save room for their Vegan Treats cakes and cookies.  You really haven't lived until you've had a vegan whoopie pie and a slice of peanut butter bomb cake.
In the United States, 7 billion chickens are killed per year.  Seven billion.  That's 19 million per day.  And people eat their carcasses.  So make the choice and go forth and eat, the non-violent way!love the lentil/split-pea soup here. it's only like $3 and you get bread with it. great on one of these semi-winter days. love the vegan chicken cheesesteak just like everybody else, but it can be filling. i really don't have any complaints; this place is bangin'. just typing this makes me wanna go there right now.This place has some BOMB chicken cheesesteak and those fixins are just hella good.  Them peppers were spicy and delicious and just perfect. And the fries too.A solid choice.  I always get the sabji wrap for dinner or the lunch platter with sabji and golden tofu.  Tasting and filling.I will preface this review by proclaiming my love for the vegan chicken cheesesteak on a chili wrap, as well as my gratitude for their selection of baked goods from the vegan treats bakery, however, my love-hate relationships with Govinda's is beginning to weight heavier on the hate side. 
I can acknowledge the thousands of reasons that inspire their less than dazzling counter-service, however, my past "to-go" order experience has left a salty (or should I say, greasy) taste in my mouth. My boy and I  ordered our pre-reqs: two vegan chicken cheesesteaks. An hour had passed. He called to find out, "the food is on the way." An hour and a half passed. "Still on the way." Two hours. I, late for work, ran into the place to find our food hadn't left, the delivery boy had a busted tire, and no one thought to give us a heads up, or an apology. 
My boy recently placed another order for delivery and received the wrong order twice. 
I know I will keep going back, though I have been putting my energy to tinkering with my own recipe at home, minus the grease. So far, so good.Super delicious! Their food is seasoned to perfection. The lemonade is the bomb-diggity, their carrot cake to die for! Great service, super friendly individuals, and extremely welcoming. Thank you Govinda's. :) 
2 thumbs way up!Govinda's had one shot to impress me, and one shot is all it took. I can slap a five-star rating up there with confidence because I would eat that same vegetarian cheesesteak over and over again if only I could.  Trust me, I think about it more often than I care to admit. I guess I should try to be a cup-half-full optimist and declare it best for my health that I live thousands of miles away, but if you are anywhere in the vicinity of this place AND a vegetarian or vegan, it really is necessary that you stop by.
As an ovo-lacto vegetarian who eats mostly vegan, I was in search of a quintessential Philly experience and opted for a gooey cheesesteak with real cheese. There was some sort of amazing gravy thrown in, and the fake meat had a wonderful, unexpected seasoning. I was really pleased that there were vegan options, and woefully eyed the dessert case full of vegan goods that I would have loved to sample if only I had some room."Oh my!" It is a first thing I say when someone mention Govinda's! What a lovely vegetarian /vegan place! And not just that. It is also hipster place with amazing service! The guy behind #bar was so cool ! friendly , funny and he looked like he loves what he is doing! I had "chicken" burger and mint lime and both was so delicious ! I am really sorry we was there last in philly before leaving to NYC. Who loves vegan burgers and is in a Philly, this is one from the mustsee places. In case I will visit Philly again, I am lookingforward to visit this place again. Thank youI have to hand it to Govinda's, they truly make the best vegan meats I have tried thus far!
My boyfriend got one of the "chicken" sandwiches as a wrap, which I would recommend above the "steak" sandwich I ordered (though the steak was good too!).  They offer both dairy and vegan cheese to appease vegans and vegetarians alike. The sesame crusted roll my steak sandwich came on was bakery fresh, soft on the inside and crisp where it should be.
So what makes the vegan chicken so on point? It's all about the TEXTURE. Not rubbery like seitan can often be, or spongey like I have also experienced in vegan chicken steaks. 
Side note:  though I didn't try any of the deserts, they do have a variety of delectable looking vegan treats (cakes, cookies, pies, etc.)... Plus, the staff was down to earth. This place has soul.Delicious vegan ! Kind of a sandwich- shack hole -in- the- wall, but served us well when traveling and looking for vegan.   We had the #1 : 'chicken' cheese steak (great with hot sauce) and the spinach salad. We were very happy. Will definitely visit for lunch when returning to Philly. Staff was very nice.convenient/healthy/goodhours/yum.
they run out of fries though which is sooooo sad!
try the chicken cheesesteak. wow.Govinda's To-Go is an unusual little place, but the staff is friendly, their sandwiches are delish, the portions are generous, and they carry ridiculous amounts of Vegan Treats' goodies (cookies, buns, donuts, cakes).
Warning: the yummy chicken cheesesteak explodes upon first bite, so keep the napkins handy and take care that the entire contents of the sandwich doesn't wind up on your lap.We only had the ice cream here, no other food. We'd been told this was a great spot for some dairy-free ice cream, but were sadly misinformed. We got the pistachio, and it was grainy, artificially colored, and tasted artificial/bad. We threw most of our eight-dollar (!) cup in the trash. 
I can't comment on the rest of the menu. The food sounded interesting and quirky, and a helluva lot of frying was going on, on the griddle.  Maybe that's a good thing.
As far as the ambience goes, the place was seriously depressing;  old, run-down decor and dim lighting. I'm not rushing back in this lifetime.I wonder if the 4/5 star people have been going to the same place. Govinda's is dirty, slow, inevitably out of multiple major ingredients, and really just the worst restaurant I think I've ever been to. I live around the corner and I really wish I could love this vegetarian standby, but I just can't think of one good thing to say about it - food, service, ambience are all poor.best vegan chicken cheez steak in philly!35 mins for one sandwich (and its not crowded) and the place is dirty, lots of flies, unbussed dishes in the table next to me for 1/2 hour, broken glass door taped up, no ambiance (no pictures hanging etc), The veggie chicken cheesesteak and fries is good - but I asked for sesame roll and got wheat. Also, at $12 it's not with the wait. I used to like it here, but they are understaffed and /or don't care.If you're new to this vegetarian world like me and really really miss cheesesteaks and sandwiches this is def the place to go. Service was great, they guy working explained everything and gave great recommendations. Prices are fair and the food is good. I'll definitely be back.being a baltimore transplant, my first vegetarian dining experience in philly was at govinda's. since that day, i've ordered either the chicken cheesesteak with real cheese, or the chicken nuggets. i'm normally an adventurous eater who likes to try everything once, but these menu items are so perfect that there's no reason for me to branch out. pricing is consistent with the nicer vegetarian spots, but i don't have that heavy greasy feeling in my stomach after eating, like some of the fast-food style veggie restaurants leave. we go here about once a month on average, and will continue to do so. sometimes the wait is lengthy, sometimes there is hardly a wait at all, beverage selection is a little lacking, but i typically order to go. this is my go-to recommendation for veggie cheesesteaks in the cityThis place is right around the corner from my house, and has been on my list for a while. I'll be honest, I was a little put off my the appearance, but I'd heard such good things, I looked past it. Look past it! I had the "chicken" cheese steak wrap and French fries. When I ordered, and the guy said it'd be ready in 7 minutes, (which it was) I was psyched. I walked in and was greeted by a lovely welcome song from one of the guys behind the counter. So fun! The wrap was so good! I was a little curious how the fake chicken would be, but I was really into it. The cheese (I opted for mozzarella, but vegan cheese was an option), peppers, and other toppings made it all come together. Extra points for having different wrap options- I chose spinach. The fries were a little plain, but they weren't super greasy fried, which was wonderful. I'd absolutely recommend and will definitely order again!I'm normally not that into meat-impersonating vegetarian food, but Govinda's has completely changed me on that front.  Their chicken cheesesteak is incredible.  Everyone I've ever gone to Govinda's with has loved it.  Though the seating is fairly casual and it's a little narrow around the counter where you order, the food makes it well worth it (and it's pretty darn healthy to boot).Hey you! Wanna feel healthy? Wanna feel like you can eat a piece of chocolate cake infused with coffee? Wanna feel invincible on a cold winter's night?
Then come on down to Govinda's Vegetarian.
I can't promise excellent service. I can't promise table cloths and candles. I can't promise romance and Sinatra.
But what I can absolutely guarantee you is some delicious vegetarian food and some kick-ass desserts (and not in the Nicolas Cage sort of way). 
The subji wrap is just what it proclaims to be: an assortment of Indian marsala seasoned vegetables that are as yellow and saffrony as any Indian restaurant could make Aloo Gobi. When these veggies are stuffed inside a chipotle wrap and doused in hot sauce, it makes for a wonderful Indian-meets-American-healthfood meal.
And damn. That chocolate infused cake. It was layered. There were many layers. It made me incoherant. The cake was moist...so moist that I, in fact one who uses tosses the cake and opts for the frosting...even partook in the cake part. (Of couse, this was probably aided by the fact that there were layers of thick chocolate frosting ganache on either side.)Wow! Have I seriously not written a review for this place? I thought I had because I've been here so many times! It's soo good, and the staff are awesome friendly people! I have had their famous cheesesteak and whatever sauce they're using--it's rockin! I also really like the quesadilla! It's huge and not greecy at all. For all my vegan friends out there, you can pretty much sub soy cheese and veggie meat for every plate :) It may be my fav!
For dessert they get the goods from Vegan Treats! The shipment comes in on Thurs around 12noon ish--don't quote me on the time though. I love that place! They get quite a variety from them-including vegan donuts--but don't expect the best stuff there when u show up a day or two after the shipment. The best stuff can be sold out THAT Day! So get it while its hot!
Service is a little slow, but to be fair they're making it fresh for you! Just make sure you have some time on your hands when you go to eat there!
I recommend for all vegans and vegetarians alike!!Very happy to support any and all vegetarian restaurants...but I might make an exception for this one. Person working the counter was very cold and unfriendly. I ordered the "tuna" wrap..Took almost 20 minutes to come out even though there was only one other customer in the restaurant! As for the wrap.. I have very low standards and am not a foodie by any means. I eat pretty much anything as long as it's vegan. But this wrap was beyond disappointing and I ended up throwing half of it out because it was just so gross. It was DRIPPING in oil, literally soaked through the bag. I have never seen such a greasy wrap in my life. The tuna substitute tasted like the way cat food smells. It was absolutely repulsive. Left my backpack smelling like old cat food for days. I've heard great things about their cheesesteak but after this experience I think I will be staying away. So many other vegan places to choose from, like HipCityVeg or V Street...!!!I'm no vegetarian, but wow. If all vegetarian food was this good, I'd be one in a heartbeat. Amazing flavors, really cool atmosphere, and great prices. Do it.Vegetarian porn pretty much sums up how I feel about this place. I wish it wasn't within walking distance to my house. I'd probably have a lot more money. Their "chicken" cheesesteak is indeed one of the best in the city, despite it not being real chicken. My favorite dish is the "chicken" quesadilla. They serve it with barbecue sauce and it's absolutely scrumptious. The only reason they don't have 5 stars is because they don't have fried onions and they're my favorite addition to any sandwich/ Mexican dish. If you're a vegetarian, hell, even if you're not you gotta check this place out!I had the philly chicken steak wrap which was delicious and also a somosa which was excellent. It all went well with good conversation and explanations from both the cook and the owner. Recommended!My husband surprised me with my very first Mother's Day dinner here a couple of years ago so Govindas will always hold a special place in my heart! He, unlike me is not a veg-head and even he enjoyed it! Very much so! 
We first walked into the downstairs take-out section which I hear is pretty darn good. I see retry thought to myself "this is where you're taking me for a social dinner?" We then realized the actual sit down restaurant is upstairs! It was pretty typical of a small BYOB, cute and quaint with exposed brick walls and candles. Sweet. 
The menu was pretty creative and they also had some I giving specials for the night. We shared the bok Choy wrapped scallops with horseradish tomato emulsion which very good and what was even more amazing was  how they were able to mimick the texture of scallops exactly. I had pan seared duck with sauteed kale and some kind of Thai inspired pea-nutty sweet potato. So incredibly delish and very much like the real think. So much so I had to ask just to make sure. 
We also shared one of their fruit smoothies which great! 
Prices weren't outrageous probably around $17/entree.  
I would definitely recommend it for any vegan/ vegetarian to try as the city does have some vegan gems but they are a tad rare at this time.
Located further down the south end of Broad Street so it's very easily accessible. Street parking was easy to find. 
We had our new baby with us and they were very accommodating to her and our carrier. 
I have been meaning to try the take out which I think is what most people go there for, their Indian inspired buffet! A whole vegan buffet! Wow!Let's give this one the right perspective from the start.  I grew up in the Philadelphia suburbs near a Mom and Pop pizza joint whose heavenly aromas blew on the wind right past my door.  To this day I am a pushover for pizza and cheesesteaks.  Sadly, my choices on the latter are kind of limited out in Indy - good effort, but not the real deal.  So I make a point of chowing down on one when I make my annual trip home.
Recently I watched the documentary "Forks Over Knives", so I am transitioning to being a vegetarian.  I queried vegetarian food and came up with Govinda's.  It is conveniently located near the Broad Street Subway station, so I did not have to walk in the heat.  My daughter and I got there and thought it looked kind of run down but decided to give it a shot.
I am glad we did!  The counter person, whose name I wish I had gotten, recommended the Chicken Philly Cheesesteak.  My daughter and I decided to split one.  The counter person offered to have mozzarella on one side and soy cheese on the other, which was awesome because my daughter is far closer to being a vegan than I will get (soy cheese just does nothing for me).  The "chicken" was nicely seasoned.  I think the menu said they use hing.  I love the end flavor of hing, and mixed with peppers and cheese on the kind of roll I only dream about in Indy, wow!  I high-fived the counter person for his recommendation and I think my need for a cheesesteak has been satisfied.  I want to come back and try a few other items the next time I am in the city. 
Final note:  don"t try to replicate the food unless you can tolerate hing in your home.  End taste is great, but you need to keep your container in another container because it permeates your entire spice cabinet otherwise.  Just let the nice folks at Govinda's cook for you!Maybe this is where I should start with, "As much as it pains me to say this," but it really kind of doesn't pain me much... except for the part that I used to really like Govinda's and its former vegetarian goodness...and I love vegetarian restaurants...and I used to recommend this spot to my outta town veg friends...and I can't do that anymore. Well, maybe it does gimme a little pang, after all.
 This review is a long time coming though, after more than a few past visits that ranged from lackluster to straight up sucky. Oh, I'll go with the this thing, "I'm not angry, I'm just disappointed." 
Used to dig the "chicken" cheese steak, but lately it's been incredibly greasy, strangely bland and simply off. For those who've been wondering if the sandwiches have gotten smaller? I'm nodding my head, "yes." And I could even deal with that small $8 sandwich, if its contents were all that. 
Customer service, for one thing, is typically sour. I can ignore the non-smileys for the most part if the food is where it's supposed to be, but as I've been rambling, nope. 
You know, I said "sour," but really, on our last visit, attitudes were more like...filled with contempt? And that's before we got our food! (Hmm, what's that last spice there? A hint of contempt?)
There's no discernible line, or method for ordering at Govinda's, most times... and I'm used to that. I've been there before, of course.The two 60-ish yr old ladies who walked in that day though, apparently had not. I saw them absolutely ignored when they asked questions, literally ignored. Glares, then backs turned to em? Very uncomfortable. Oy! I swear if I hadn't already ordered, I probably would have just left after seeing that weirdness. If only I had, right? 
On our last visit, the Saturday afternoon before last, our last straw sandwich was the kofta ball parm sub. Just fine in the past. This time we were served up the near equivalent of sauce and cheese topped charcoal briquettes on a nice seeded roll. Not a little burnt. Black. Now anyone can see that that's not how they're supposed to look. Oh, or taste. Inside the kofta were tasteless, orange and dry. 
They were so bad that we actually started laughing. It was a rueful laugh. Then my husband compared them to lookin like sun-dried hippo sh*t, and we laughed for real. 
We didn't really see the point in bringing it back, complaining up a storm, or whatever. We just decided to finally learn our lesson, for once. We just really won't go back. When food is really good, you know how you may hear a person remark that "you can taste the love in it." I'm thinkin that Govinda's done run out of that.Even meat eaters can appreciate how delicious Govinda's is. The "chicken" cheese steak is as close to the real thing as possible.Everything was vegetarian, and the vegan items were clearly marked. I ordered the vegan duck. There was way too much duck and hardly any sides. There was sliced yam instead of mashed; it was fine but it would have been nice to know about the substitution. My friends ordered the lasagna and a dinner salad which both looked delicious and fresh. The strawberry short cake was light, creamy, fresh, and the thin layer of dark chocolate encasing the entire cake pushed the desert over the top into decadence. The staff were friendly; I would go there again for the buffet or a different dish.I had my first Govinda's chicken cheesesteak - and it was pretty good. I don't know that it was as good as I expected after reading the reviews - or after having been a regular customer of Govinda's when they had the full restaurant next door.  The entrees and salad. At that the restaurant used to offer were clean tasting and delicious - the cheesesteak and the restaurant in general had a greasy vibe. I know most cheesesteak places have that greasy smell but I guess I just wasn't expecting it and was underwhelmed. 
That being said I would have another "steak" here - I have definitely adjusted expectations. It wasn't bad.While waiting through Irene this past weekend a friend and I stumbled into Govinda's. We were starving and soaking wet from walking around in the hurricane rain. Since I had heard many rave reviews about this place I suggested it to my friend. When we arrived we noticed that they had already closed up for the night, but they were all still inside. Once the people working there saw us standing outside, they unlocked the door and let us in. I cannot tell you how much we appreciated that! The staff was super friendly to us and made really helpful suggestions. 
Now let me just say that I'm a ravenous carnivore, and the majority of  vegan foods I've tried, I've hated and they've made me super sick(I think you know what I'm talking about) because I'm not used to it. Anyway, I ordered their vegan chicken cheesesteak on a wheat roll. I got it with reg mayo and mozz, because I didn't know if my stomach could handle an all vegan sandwich. I wasn't expecting much from it because of previous fake meat trials, but DAMN! It was delicious! I couldn't believe it wasn't chicken. I kept doubting it the more I bit into it. It was cooked perfectly and wasn't greasy at all. Another huge plus was that it didn't make me sick.
I'm only giving Govinda's three stars, because I haven't fully experienced their menu yet. But I will most definitely be going back to have some more yummy treats. If all vegan food tasted this good, I might rethink my love of meat ;)I've had dinner in the restaurant and the Gourmet to go side!  This is on eof my facorite spots in philly.  And, I'm not a vegetarian, but I do love vegetarian and vegan food and dessert, and tricking others!  I took my cousin here for "shrimp and scallops"  and he thought they were the best he ever had.  When I told him it was vegan, he didn't believe me!  
The chicken cheese steak wrap is the best, the steak rolls are too tough for me/, nut friends love it too!   And the sticky bun is enough for 4 people to share!  I do agree that its best to call your order ahead of time though, because it gets crowded and busy quick!  The only bad thing I ever got was the house dressing for a salad....not sure what its made of, but it tastes horrible to me!Absolutely love the vegan chicken cheese steak spinach wrap cant go wrong trust me, a must go to everytime im in townVegan chees steak sammich, period!
Cool place to chill at after skating around the city, wouldn't take a date there necassarily.Ridiculously good. I've tasted the chicken cheesesteak, the chicken salad sandwich, and the fried scallops and shrimp, all were fantastic. But the price kills me. 9 dollars for 9 small pieces of fake seafood? Whyyyyy :(WOW.  I generally maintain that if it ain't meat, it ain't dinner.  But I took the advice of my fellow Yelpers and gave the chicken cheese steak a chance.  I'm shocked at how great it was.  Brilliantly flavorful on a dee-licious sesame seed roll.  Plus it was HUGE!  My fear of walking away from a vegetarian joint hungry is officially assuaged.
PS.  I don't know what that picture is all about, but Govinda's looks more like a corner diner.Let me first say that I have never written a bad review, and this one is way bad.
I just had to go and try the chicken cheese steak and chimichanga after reading mostly positive reviews, and  can honestly say that I have never had food that tasted that bad. I wanted to brush my teeth before I finished my meal. The reviews are right, there is a dirty feeling about the place.
I waited about 20 minutes for my order to be placed after them telling me they were out of fries. The place was nasty, as in flies crawling on the bread and everything open. The whole place needed a visit by "Mr. Clean."  The cook wiped off the counter and threw the rag on my cheese steak. When I said that I was not eating that, he defended his action by telling me the rag was sanitized, at this point I am thinking maybe I should have him wipe off all my food with this rag as it would help kill whatever the flies left there.
The cashier was super nice and the cook did remake my sandwich but I will never eat there again. I still have a bad taste in my mouth 3 hours later.Yes, it can get busy and the service can be slow.
However, the food is delicious.  Vegan and vegetarian options galore.  Really, a paradise for junky herbivores.
Highly recommended for a casual lunch/dinner.  If you get a sandwich plus dessert, it's $12/$13 per person, so it can get expensive.
FUN FACT!  Come Thursday evenings to get the best selection of desserts.  They re-stock them every Thursday night and are often out of most stuff by Monday.I order from here quite frequently or stop in from time to time.  People are friendly, but the service can be sloooooow at times.  otherwise I have nothing but good things to say.  Prices are very reasonable.  I am neither vegan nor vegetarian, but still love it.  My top pick: start it off with the Chicken Salsa soup then Sloppy Joe with mozzarella cheese.  Yum.We stopped in here for a quick lunch and got the platter and chicken cheesesteak. The platter had Fried matzo balls which were burnt and dry, curry tofu which was creamy but not much flavor and the cauliflower curry which was the best thing in the platter but still just eh.  Chicken cheesesteak was really good for faux meat and i appreciated the organic green tea :)Govinda's made me like philadelphia.
I have eaten on both sides of the establishment and havent been let down.
The "fine dining" side is lovely for a romantic date-BYOB!!! (yay!).  I have had several amazing things-particularly sticking out to me was a type of "seafood" salad appetizer. 
Some nights they have a buffet which is good, but of course not the same as the fine-dining nights (particularly special occasion stuff like valentines day where there are courses and such which are mind-blowing).
The desserts are fantastic (& vegan!) 
On the To-Go side I have nothing but raves about the food, but the service and setup are kinda "eh"....
its very small, so when it gets packed be prepared to be squished & bumped.... also, i think maybe there should be another person behind the counter. things get a little hectic.
nonetheless-i love you. i love you. i love you.Each time I walk by Govinda's, I say a little prayer:
Dear Lord,
I thank you for this day
An appetite, food to eat, and Govinda's vegetarian chicken cheese steak.  
AmenI can't believe it has taken me this long to write a review for this place.  
I've been a vegetarian for three and a half years and I still cherish the day I discovered Govinda's.  The chicken cheesesteak is simply amazing.  I usually get regular cheese but I have tried the soy and it's actually quite good...it has a cheese-wiz consistency.  The sesame buns are great but they are very filling so I think I'm going to start ordering it on a wrap.  The chicken salsa soup and the split pea soup are good.  I think we have noticed that the fries are sometimes soggy.
The sometimes less than stellar service and the strange atmosphere don't drop my rating because the chicken cheesesteak makes up for all of this.  
Oh, one more thing: I bring my carnivorous friends here all the time and they end up leaving pleasantly surprised and pleasantly full.So I never had any sort of cheesesteak before becoming vegetarian so I have no idea how authentic or not they are, but I thought it was okay, not the best food I've ever eaten.  I have been to Govinda's twice now and didn't have anything I would go back for, except the ice cream, which they do not have anymore, since they had a fight with their unreliable NYC supplier.  This is sad, as the vegan kosher ice cream they had the first time I went was amazing.  No one I went with either time had anything that was worth returning for either.  I want to like and support vegetarian places, but I also like eating yummy food, and if I can get that at a non-veg only place then I will.  I may try going back for the vegan buffet, but maybe not.Currently sitting in the restaurant with a bunch of people. We have all been here over an hour and haven't gotten any food yet we all ordered the same thing.  I really hope the food is good but I highly doubt it is worth the wait.  I had really high hopes, I'll stick it out only because I've already paid smh..... will probably avoid coming back here til they higher more staffYet another fantastically popular and delicious vegetarian restaurant.  I am hooked on the pepper "steak" and chicken "cheesesteak."  The pepper steak has the house gravy on it that is so delicious.  What is that stuff??  No matter, it is fabulous.  You can get soy cheese or mozzarella, and they have a variety of wraps or a roll to get them on.
The "chicken" tortilla soup was great on a rainy day, comes with lots of bread and a bowl would fill me up.  Tasty.
A huge range of vegan desserts always tempt me, and they cut HUGE slices when you buy them.  My newest favorite is their Chocolate covered Strawberry shortcake.  Chocolate + Strawberry + Shortcake = Happy Deann.
The only problem I ever have is the wait.  It is so popular I often have to wait awhile in line when I go there.  The best thing to do is call up and place your order ahead of time, although you may have to wait on the phone while they deal with the hoards of people staring at them.  It's still worth it, and is much better than waiting in the line to order.  You still have to wait in line to pay but at least your food is waiting for you when you call ahead.This is a great restaurant for someone who is looking for vegetarian and vegan food. The chicken cheese steak was good. I tried the sabji and rice as well. That was great as well. I had a huge Oreo brownie which was vegan and simply out of this world. And now the best part..
The people who work here are very good humans -Al and Salima. 
And Harry bhau who is the owner is absolutely the best. He is such an amazing person. You can talk to him and ask him about his roots and early inspirations. Great soul !I ate here on 6/1/15 for the first time, became a pescatarian 3 years ago. Had a taste for a cheese steak it was very good considering I haven't had one in 3 years.To be completely honest I love this place, but the chicken cheesesteak don't taste how it used to... Still delicious though but not as flavorful.. The people that work there are ALWAYSSSSSS friendly... Always super nice... It's kinda pricey but I love it.I eat at this place farrr tooo offteeennnnnn.  I go to UArts so it's a two-block walk for me while I'm workin' in the studio so it's perfect.  I like that they take credit too, 'cause I never carry cash.
Let me just say that I'm not even a vegetarian - I love meat.  But this place just is so amazing.  My favorite things are the Burger Lovers' Wrap with mozzarella and the Chicken Cheesesteak on a wheat wrap with vegan mayo.  They are a bit pricey ($8 or so) but so worth it.  I crave them all the time.  I find myself eating food from other places and thinking, "I should have just gotten a chicken cheesesteak from Govinda's..." 
They did just recently get a new cook though, and he doesn't seem to be wrapping the food so tightly, so all the goodies tend to fall out and you get all messy, but whatever.  I duntgivvafuck.  Still. so. good.
Oh and don't even get me started on their desserts.  Cookies, brownies, cake, pies, sticky buns the size of your face, I COULD GO ON.  AMAZING.
One thing I do wish they could improve upon was there drink selection.  They usually have a few kinds of Nantucket Nectars and this weird ginger beer stuff that's "ok" but that's about it.  
Overall, a must try.  I always get gourmet-to-go because I never have time to sit and eat, but I've been meaning to try their sit-down restaurant.  I imagine it's even more heavenly.I've eaten here a few times now, giving it as much of a chance as I could. The first visit was ok. The Philly cheesesteak was not that great but better than other veggie versions I've had. The second time I had a chicken sandwich. It was pretty good. The problem with this place is that it has obviously changed hands a few times since it started. The last time two times I went in, I asked for a menu so that I could plan fo later. They said (both times, weeks apart) that they were having them printed and "would be here by the end of the week." The last time they had wiped the menu off the board and the guy couldn't tell me what they had. While I was in mid-sentence "ok, can I get...." someone walked up behind me and the guy behind the counter asked them for their order. Rude. I walked out. I won't be back."Chicken cheesesteak" was great.  Had it with vegan mayo, soy cheese, in a spinach wrap, and it was creamy, warm & tasty.  Great comfort food.  Thanks for the tip, Yelpers!
"Pepper steak" was solid too.  
But I prefer the chicken cheesesteak's texture and taste.
Service was friendly and helpful.  It got busy when I was there and service did seem a bit slow, but understandably so.My best friend was in town today, and she is a vegan, so I'm glad I had somewhere to take her for lunch that she enjoyed. We both ordered the chicken cheesesteak, although she got the soy cheese and I got mozzarella. The taste was delicious and the sandwich was huge; I couldn't quite finish it. The shop is a little dingy/no nonsense, but what it lacked in ambiance it made up for in taste. However, a few hours after we left, I was feeling a bit queasy...so probably won't be back, especially since I felt like it was also a little pricey for what you end up getting.LOVE this place! Yummy chicken cheesesteaks, great veggie sandwich, burritos are so big and desserts are deslish!I want to give Govinda's a 3 or 4, but after going there, I can't let myself do that. The place isn't too well-kept: the inside is cramped, which is sometimes really good! However, here it is just a turn-off. The menu isn't huge, again, something I don't automatically find too bad, but here it's bad. The food itself was pretty good. I got a "meatball" sub. In fact, from the food alone, Govinda's may warrant a 4, but the place itself is just not appealing. The clientele were snobby, obnoxiously pretentious hipsters (what did I expect... I'll stick to my sushi places frequented by cougars and gays), and the slightest hesitation with ordering was met with stares. The inside was very dingy and even though the food was GOOD, it wasn't anything spectacular. It's a shame that one of the few all-vegetarian places in Philly is a huge disappointment. Oh well, I'll stick to finding random vegetarian options off normal-themed restaurants!Literally the worst experience ever! I called ahead of time to ask about Vegan pasta options because I was on my lunch break at work and trying to save on time. The girl who answered the phone said there were none. When I asked if I could just get the lemon basil pasta with no shrimp she said there was none of that either. I tried viewing the menu online but the website is down. So I just took a chance and went to the restaurant anyway. When I got there I asked for a burrito and the same girl who answered the phone and was no help asked what kind of wrap. So I reply "whelp, what are my options" I ended up requesting spinach wrap. Paid for my meal and as I am waiting the cook tells me there's no spinach wraps. Literally starving and am getting no vegan help! Wtf! So now I'm out of time on my break and had to go. Literally just got my money back. This place is so unprofessional. No one offered any other vegan options. Where is the customer service?! In the middle of center city! I am not impressed!You come here for the food, and the food is awesome.  I was hooked on the "chicken" cheesesteak until I tried the "chicken" quesadilla, and I've never looked back.  Even now, I still wonder each time if they are secretly using real chicken.  By far the most realistic mock meat I've had. (BTW, vegetarians/vegans who don't like food designed to resemble meat in taste/texture probably won't find much here.)
Only complaints: they seem a little understaffed on occasion, and I wish it were closer to Rittenhouse!
(Note: I have only gotten Govinda's To Go, never sat down at the restaurant.)A friend had been telling me about this place for  two years & I finally made it there. Mam was I upset that I didn't take his advice sooner. Nothing in this place is healthy but it's amazing! It's great to find a vegan/vegetarian cheesesteaks & cannoli's. Go to Govindas now!Always a fan of Govindas and Gourmet to go.  Its constantly some quality vegetarian/vegan cuisine.  Just be careful if you have food allergies because they tend to put extra things in their food that aren't listen on the menu board.  This wasn't a problem for me, but it was for a friend who bit into a sandwich with "extras".
Make sure you go early - although they keep late hours, they tend to run out of rolls.If I could only go one place for the rest of the year if would be Govindas hands down, I am never disappointed, I mean I always get the chicken cheese steak, I want to try something new but it's just so good and can't not get it every time, I will one day though and I know it will be just as delicious. Every vegetarian/ vegan should go here!Vegan. Chicken. Cheesesteak. 
...Made possible.
So amazing. I ate here for the first time a few days ago and am looking forward to coming back to take advantage of yet another chicken cheesesteak. 
The staff, when I went, were friendly and prepared the food promptly after ordering. The space itself is casual and the food is reasonably priced.
I've been dreaming about the food since I left, and I'm excited to come back again!(vegan) Cheese steak used to be excellent, but inconsistency is creeping in. The soy cheese is flavorless at times, and the 'meat' can be pretty dry as of late. When it's good, its the best in the city, it's just doesn't meet that mark often anymore...
I agree with some of the negative assessments of the staff's performance, definitely the worst service of any vegan/vedgie place in the city. The one cook will stop cooking to chat up friends, on an already super long wait."Chicken" cheesesteak was delicious! What wasn't so good, however, is the incredibly slow kitchen. No urgency in churning out orders. Waiting for one chicken cheesesteak took 30 minutes with very few orders ahead of me. I would return but if it's remotely busy, save your time. 
UPDATE: updating my review to a 3 star. Insanely slow here. Needs new management. The girl behind the counter is miserable and rude. Inconsistent sandwiche sizes too.I continue to go to Govinda's frequently but again today I felt the need to Yelp about it.  Govinda's: I love you and I hate you. The food is awesome - I live for the chicken mcnuggets or whatever faux name you give them. I dream about the desserts that you get each week fresh on Thursday at 1:30 from Vegan Treats.  But, the managment needs some relationship counseling.  If I don't arrive on Friday, the desserts are decimated. If I don't call repeatedly, I can't get through the phone lines.  
Today, I called ahead and asked for chicken fingers, fries and that most delicious peanut butter cookies for pick up.  When I arrived, I was told the bad news: no chicken fingers, no cookies. Dreams shattered again.  I think I am in an abusive relationship.Ambiance leaves something to be desired.
Staff was EXTREMELY pleasant and helpful, from greeting me with, "how can I make your day better?" to offering suggestions as this was a first time visit.
On his recommendation I tried a "chicken" sandwich with mozzarella, lettuce & tomato & a tiny bit of mayo. I wanted onion too but they don't have those (weird).  The bread was really, really good, fresh & pillow-y soft.  The cheese was melty and good. I wasn't a big fan of the chicken and was told it was "the best thing on the menu". I'd give it one more shot but wouldn't get the same food again. 
These stars are mostly for the service.As my friend and fellow Yelper Aria S. would say, this place is kind of jank. I know this sounds a bit picky, but although the food was decent, the atmosphere of the place just turns you off (and I got this vibe just from picking up the food, couldn't imagine actually dining there). Okay, fine the chicken cheese steak wrap that my co-worker got was on point, but the golden tofu wrap I got was pretty bland.
Also, you expect more Indian options but sadly, there aren't that many at all. If this place opted for a renovation, I'm sure it would garner another star.Homeless people wouldn't eat this salty discussing garbage. 
Rude staff, unprofessional, and extremely demeaning. 
Wow! I knew this place is slow and inconsistent, but  the people have always been nice. UNTIL NOW. I ordered my usual pick up last night, a grilled veggie wrap with chicken. I get home and open the bag to a sloppy, wet, slimy, mess. A homeless man wouldn't eat it. 
I call govindas and kindly explain the situation and a man on the phone who sounded like he was on drugs told me to come in the next morning for a "credit". Also, he couldn't even finish a sentence when trying to explain what was in my sandwich because he obviously has no idea. No problem.
Next morning, I walk in and give my name and a brief idea of what happened.  A man named Matt and "just a high school kid" are behind the counter and he told me to leave because they were busy setting up for the day and to come back when the manager is present. As I was leaving, the "high school kid" (matts words) gets on the computer and says,  "what did you order last night". I proceed to tell him my order and Matt comes back and says sternly, "he is just a high school kid, we are very busy now". He starts telling my to leave. 
I was shocked and walked out.I loved Govindas!
Delicious vegan Philly cheesesteak.
Awesome vegan shrimp Caesar salad. 
Wonderful fried samosa. 
The atmosphere is cool because it feels somewhat rugged. 
The staff answered out two-gazillion questions and let us see the ingredients when we were curious about the faux meat.Food was not as good as expected. Won't recommend. It's not much on the Indian side. Food is cheap but taste is not as good as expected.So far the food is good. But inside the interior need renew. I agree some people said need to improve interior because look dark and not clean. I believe this store will more busy if they improve interior. keep it up.Great service. Staff was receptive to my gluten-allergy and cleaned the grill before use in addition to offering me rice over the traditional order's wrap. Chef was very thoughtful in arranging the presentation of the zucchini on the dish after completion. If you're looking for a lotta love with your food, slide through to Govindas.My boyfriend and I went back and forth on the meat part because of the textbook definition of what "vegetarian" is. Finally we tried it and both had the chicken cheese steak. We were told it's imitation meat, honestly the main difference I felt there was the meat was lighter (weight wise) than regular meat. There was no huge difference in taste and texture. I never thought I could be a vegetarian, but if the selection is as good as the chicken cheese steak I'll have no problem switching over. My only complaint was the guy taking orders did seem irritated with every order he took.I am a vegan and have been to Govinda's a couple of times before, exclusively to pick up dessert. Today I decided to try out the food options and had a "Chicken" cheesesteak, which appears to generally be wildly raved about. The "chicken" was actually some of the best meat alternative I've ever had; however, the sandwich as a composition was rather underwhelming. My sandwich was on a wheat roll and it came untoasted; I would have rather had the bread toasted, but the option was not extended to me. Additionally, the only items inside the bread were the "chicken," a few pieces of green pepper, soy cheese and mayo (which were indistinguishable by taste or consistency in the sandwich).  "Chicken" good; sandwich mediocre. I would like to try the "chicken" in a different item, however; perhaps on a salad. In five-star news, the dessert is amazing and, unbelievably, completely vegan. I believe the dessert is shipped in from a vegan bakery, so I can't give Govinda's any direct props, other than for selling them at the store. 
I would echo other reviewers' commentary on the food wait; Govinda's To Go is "fast food," however, with only one person ahead of me in line, I waited about 10-12 minutes for my sandwich. I read another Yelper's review that suggested ordering ahead for pickup, so I may try that in the future. 
I've never dined in here, but the dining room isn't very impressive. The restaurant touts the enticing title "Govinda's Fine Dining," however, the "fine" qualifier may solely refer to the food and not the ambience. 
Overall, I'm not totally dissuaded from eating here again and I would try other items on the menu. Of course, I would never hesitate to return for the dessert.I never really thought I could be satisfied by a vegetarian meal (well I guess I do eat pasta a lot.. but not when I go out to eat!). That all changed when I ate at Govinda's. I went with two of my lovely friends and we all went for the buffet. I had two bowls of amazing butternut squash soup and the other stuff they had on there too.. there was something with broccoli and chicken-tofu and this other thing in a great sauce... everything was really amazing and all for $15 - slammin deal! I would come back here in a heartbeat and I heard their cheesesteak is amazing too. I actually went to bed thinking that I could be a vegetarian.. but by the morning I realized how much I liked meat :) sorry!If you're vegan go here! Chicken cheesesteak?? Unreal!
The guys who work there are so helpful and always pleasant. One employee  gave a sandwich to a homeless man one night I was there. Very sweet. 
Service can be painfully slow but this can be avoided by calling your order in ahead of time.
I'm addicted.I love the idea of Govinda's but the execution just isn't there. I've been here 4 or 5 times and almost every time they run out of something major. Like not having rolls for a sandwich or peppers for the cheese steak. They don't tell me until after I've paid and then waited for 25mins. Don't go expecting fast service. They are super slow. It's doesn't matter if there's 5 people or 500. It's always just one guy on the grill trying to fill all the orders.I wish I could review something besides one single item menu, but alas: Why bother with anything else when you've found perfection?
I'm referring to Govinda's vegan chicken cheesesteak -- I've been a vegetarian for the past three years with no regrets, but I'll be damned if this thing doesn't hit me in a place long forgotten by my former meat-loving self. Tender, chewy, oily, cheesy, crunchy-carby, and warm. I'm salivating just thinking about it right now. There's nothing I crave more on a cold Philly night than one of these.
You can't blame me if I don't have anything to say about anything else on the menu, besides the fact that I've heard the tofu burrito is great and that the meatball sub is shit. I tried one of the cakes when I was drunk, and I recall something that tasted vaguely ashy (as I find a lot of vegan cakes tend to taste -- I think it's the frosting?)
Sure, sometimes the service can be maddeningly slow, but I have no problem waiting in line for that god damned cheesesteak. Holy cow.I dream of sabji and kofta balls on a regular basis.  
The lunch special can be ordered any time and it is a great deal - seven dollars for your choice of two entrees over a bed of rice.  Can't beat that. 
Govinda's is getting more and more expensive.  That's why I recommend trying something other than the veggie chicken cheeseteak which will run you upwards of eight dollars (it's good, but maybe I'm just used to veggie chicken because it wasn't all that mindblowing for me....).
That being said, I feel like Govinda's is quality food and the secret ingredient is Hare Krishna love.  So you can't really go wrong.Horrible place, never eat there if you are about yourself and other beings. Because they only care about making money and employees that work there will prove it. They don't give a fuck about anything other than themselves.If i was a rich vegan- i would eat here all the time. I'm not rich, and I'm not a vegan- but man if I was, I think I would eat here all the time- i do eat here pretty often- but it is on the pricey end of the spectrum. I love their 'chicken' cheesesteak- with soy cheese- a whole wheat roll or wrap- some veganaisse, and peppers. Ask them to add tomato and lettuce- and it is just a heavenly sandwich. 
The desserts they serve come from Gianna's and they are delicious- but more about those @ my gianna's review.
The clientele, a lot of angry vegan hipsters- but normal people eat here too. Not to say there's anything wrong with an angry vegan hipster- just be aware. The seating area isn't the greatest so I usually grab mine and go eat it in a park somewhere nearby or at home. But the food stands for itself- the chicken cheesesteak- peppersteak- quesadilla, french fries- are all delightful and definitely worth it.
As for the angry hipsters. just wear an ironic headband or some boat shoes and try not to upset anyone- ok?I'm always greeted immediately by the most pleasant cashier. The food is fresh, fast and the portion size is perfect. I highly recommend the "chicken" cheesesteak .Govinda's Cafe (Gourmet to Go) is downstairs and the main Govinda Restaurant restaurant is upstairs.  Fancy upstairs, casual downstairs.  I've heard good things about both.. though I've only been to the cafe, so this review is for Govinda's Cafe (Gourmet to Go):
Govinda's Cafe- Gourmet to Go-  is a hip, cool Philly cheesesteak joint... there is an atmosphere of fun here.  The best part is subtle:  it's all vegetarian!   Their cafe features vegan and vegetarian soups, sandwiches, and other deeelliccccious items. I can't rave enough about them.   
They offer soy or regular cheese on their sandwiches, as well as flavored tortilla wraps instead of bread.  Tip: go for the soy cheese and wrap on your sandwiches for a tastier edge.  I find the chicken versions to be tastier over their other meat soy renditions.  The items are grilled fresh on the spot-- and each cook adds their own touch:  I find each one has their own "specialty"-- they make one or two items more standout.  So one item can be extraordinary one day-- and the next just good.  Therefore, you have to know the cooks and their niche too.. to get that extraordinary touch.
Their sandwiches are unreal.  Most items are large portions-- perhaps even large enough for two for some.  Their chicken cheesesteak is so much like the real thing- my favorite.  You cannot tell it's not real chicken.. it's so tender!   They have a range of sandwiches, each having its own fan base... i.e. tuna, pepper cheesesteak, ham, etc.   Some rave over the Subji Wrap, which is more of an Indian style veg wrap.  Others rave over their Chicken Salad sandwich- it's really super good.  They even have an awesome chicken Mexican quesadilla.  It's really an international type grill.
Sort your selections and choices as you would in any non-veg place:  it's not all necessarily healthy, non-oily, yoga-happy stuff (though some items are).  It is a good decent place for good decent grills, which just happens to be veg.   The place draws quite a crowd, so do be prepared to wait at times.  It's a sure shot winner, each time.
..............................................................................................................................
Update several months later:  Still fantastic sandwiches.. I go there all the time.  One thing though.. I noted recently that the portions (sandwiches) have perhaps got a bit smaller lately (?!).. not too happy about that.   Aaah.. inflation.. :(  . 
I recently tried their new platter dishes, which they added.. and definitely prefer their sandwhiches over the platters.  I hear they will be adding this/that.. sometime... but I still think their orignal grill stuff is the star.  My mouth remains happy as the sandwiches keep getting tastier and tastier.  I tried their ham and cheese (soy) hoagie just yesterday.. it was unreal.  A winner.
..............................................................................................................................My friend is Vegan. I am a mild meat eater.
He ordered the Chicken Cheesesteak. He loved it.
I ordered the Chicken Quesadilla (fully knowing it was going to contain fake chicken).
I enjoyed my meal despite the fake chicken and would happily go back and try something else!
Great for those who are looking for a vegan friendly spot that also has tasty options for those who are scared of vegan friendly cuisine.  Next time I am getting dessert...Best place to get a vegan cheese steak in Philadelphia, even if it is a chicken one. Plus having vegan treats peanut butter cookies....I'd go every day while I was in college asking for them until they were back in stock. So Good!Thanks fellow yelpers for this one!  I would've never gone before reading the awesome reviews.  We came here for one thing...the chicken cheesesteak.  Mission accomplished.  I've had "beef" cheesesteak from other vegan places and having the "chicken" option was a real treat.  The texture was just like how i remember chicken to be.  The peppers were great.  The sandwich itself was phenomenal.  I got mine on a sesame roll and it was very filling.  I couldn't even finish my sandwich.  I did however indulge in cow cheese but no mayo.  The bf got his on a wheat roll and he stated his roll was softer than the sesame.  I will definitely be back when i'm craving a cheesesteak!Had my very first Vegan chicken cheese steak and I have to say it was pretty darn good!My friend Meei Ling told me this place rocks - she eats everything through fish but her hubby is strictly vegan so when they find a good spot it is a golden moment.  What wasn't so golden was the Golden Tofu Wrap - bland.  My friend ordered the Sabji Wrap which I had a bite of and it was delicious.  We had a really long day of work with clients and needed a bite before I packed my bags for a flight the next morning and Maoz @ 1100 was closed and Minar had yet to re-open their doors at the new location.  Luckily at 10p Govinda's was still open!!!!  The staff was pleasant, offered recommendations to us newbies and totally understood when I asked him to stop giving me options as I was feeling a bit burnt out after my day.  Looking forward to trying other items on the menu.The food is good, but not enough to justify wait time and service. I've been here twice, and every time the wait time is longer than usual (for any place that I've been to). I order the more popular, regular items. One would think it would be a quick turnaround/cook time. Anyway, still like their menu. I'm a sucker for vegan junk food.The best vegan philly chicken cheese steak.  Ever.  
Foil wrapped and delectable.  I miss you govinda's.Aside from awkward seating on the first floor, Govinda's is a shining star among vegan restaurant options (please keep in mind that my opinion is based on a deep relationship with NYC veggie spots).
My fellow diner and I started with the "Ginger Soy Chicken Satay with Balsamic Strawberry Sauce".  This, I highly recommend.  If not for the simple soy chicken tasting so delicious, at least for the strawberry sauce that you could lick off the plate if it wasn't considered so inappropriate.  This was followed by the most expensive salad on the menu... which was actually a very generous portion.  The plate overflowed with pomegranate, walnuts, and other lovely seeds and greenery.  And although we had to wait a good amount of time for the entree, the "Grilled Spanish Mackerel with Chickpea Mlange, Walnut Orange Sauce" was well worth the wait.  This seaweed based dish is beautifully arranged, with just the right variance of goodies to accompany fo-fish.
And finally, the item that deserves its very own paragraph... the "Peanut-Butter Bomb".  This is no ordinary baked veganess.  It is just perfect in texture, taste, and presentation.  To ensure that this is hands down one of the greatest vegan desserts I've tasted (ranked highly next to Candle Cafe's infamous Carrot Cake), I admit that our sincere devotion to the cake led to an obnoxiously aggressive and intense eating behavior until every crumb on the table was eaten. it was just so damn good...Govinda's is banging and their service is good too.I've been hearing about the wonders of the chicken cheese steak on the roll (NOT THE WRAP!  DON'T GET IT ON THE WRAP!!! ) for years now, and I finally got to partake!!
I have to say, I agree that this is a wondrous sandwich.  The "chicken" was spicy, firm, tender, and flavorful, in tiny, bite sized chunks.  The roll was light, airy, and yummy.  Since I'm obsessed with cheese, I got the real (vs the vegan) cheese and I declined the fake mayo, even though it's vegan, the idea still freaks me out.
I think I am now definitely a member of the cult of the fake chicken cheesesteak and I will start evangelizing it to the rest of the population, as is my duty.I am a huge fan of the vegetarian cheese steak! I think it actually tastes better than the real thing. I like to get the vegan cheese, peppers and broccoli on my "steak". I do wish there were more toppings but I can definitely live with what they have. The bread is always fresh and they give you a great amount of seitan on your sandwich. I like that it's a small business and the employees are very pleasant and don't mind engaging in conversation. It's a perfect stop on the way to shopping on South street or for dinner when I am headed home. I usually go when I have a taste for the Vegetarian steak, but I think I am going to check out some other items on the menu.Uninterested servers and some weird textures. The chicken cheesesteak was good, but the "chicken" could be a little less chewy. I'll probably go back because it's quick.I'm not a vegetarian, but I don't eat a lot of meat and I have an appreciation for vegetarian cuisine.
A friend recommended the cheese"steak" here, and I decided to give it a go.  I should have realized that I had been duped when he ordered his as a wrap.  My sandwich came on what tasted like a grocery store roll, totally lacking flavor and texture.  I mean, one of the best things about Philly steaks and hoagies is the bread, you'd think a vegetarian place would get this right?
There's a shockingly small selection of things actually made with vegetables here (processed soy food does not count).  I'm not a big fan of imitation meat, so the other things I've tried were from the few vegetable and cheese based items--I don't do vegan cheese.  The quality here is poor, both in the ingredients and preparation.  I think that most of the love for this place is from two-bit vegetarians who don't actually like vegetables and trick themselves into liking TVP.
If you want to splurge, get an eggplant parm or something at a real sandwich shop, or look at Sarcone's extensive vegetarian menu.  You won't have to fool yourself into thinking it tastes good, and you may even work in some green vegetables.I've been looking at Govinda's To-Go menu for months. It's just far enough from my office to make it a bit of a walk but if I feel like moving quickly enough, it's not so bad. Today, I decided to treat myself to my weekly lunch-out a day early. I walked to Govinda's in the sun at a relatively fast pace and ordered a chicken cheesesteak on a sesame roll, with soy mayo and soy cheese. The service was fast and they accept credit, WHEW. I hustled back to my office with my sandwich and dug in. The sandwich absolutely lived up to the hype.
The sandwich artist dug out the meat of the roll, which I definitely appreciated, leaving just enough inner-softness and the crunchy, but not hard, outer sesame-seed shell. So good, so good. The chunks of "chicken" were delicious - flavorful and not that wet, stringy shizzle I've encountered on veggie chicken cheesesteaks of yore. They tasted close to what I remember chicken tasting like, only softer and way better. The green peppers were crisp, tasted fresh, and were portioned just right - not too many, but enough to still have presence. And the soy cheese & soy mayo combo was perfect. A little sloppy, but not messy, and just wet enough.
I only ate half, the other half is bundled up for dinner. I'm wary of the bread becoming soggy, but I am hopeful yet confident that the roll will stand the test of time.Pros: Veggie and vegan food, desserts from vegan treats, ice cream, service seems more efficient from previous years.  
Cons: staff turnover, a good amount of processed foodTasted good going down- unfortunately, I got food poisoning from something I ate there.  Blah (literally)Best veggie cheesesteak, no question. The "chicken" nuggets are good too. 
Be patient when you go, it will take 5-15 minutes for your order to be ready. Worth the wait!Chicken Cheese steak and Indian Sabji wrap are the bomb diggity. If you like the small take out/diner atmosphere this place is great. If not, well, too bad, its still great. Plus they get delicious cakes (especially the PB Bomb) from Vegan Treats. YUMi've been going to govinda's for three years now, but have only been a vegetarian for one year.  before i went veg, i ate meat almost every single meal and swore by it, but govinda's was the only place i'd eat fake meat.  i've only ever gotten the "chicken" quesadilla, but every time i go it is amazing. large portion, delicious, and definitely worth the price.  i cannot comment on any other dish they serve but judging from my friends' reactions, the "chicken" cheesesteak is also to die for. AWESOME vegetarian comfort food in a city that sometimes thinks "vegetarian" means quinoa and vegetables only.
however, i do refuse to give a full five stars to govinda's because from working in the industry for six years, i can tell that the main man himself (the owner) is a little bit of a jerk.  being a veg for the past year has made me well aware of the high price of fake meat, so i don't even contest govinda's considerably inflated prices.  what i DO contest is their lack of staff.  i honestly feel bad for the people who work here, because almost every time i go they are SO busy, and i've never seen more than one cashier and one cook working at a time.  this makes the very long line move extremely slowly, and probably somewhat affects business.  the staff always seems so overworked, it is no wonder that other reviews have mentioned their attitudes or unwillingness to smile.  they have no time to be nice!  mr. govinda, whoever you are, you are clearly making lots of money off of this very busy place.  try to come off of your high horse and share some of your profits by hiring/scheduling a few more people on busy nights.  remember that it is these cooks and cashiers, not you, that ultimately make the food delicious.  also remember that if you do spend some of your precious profits on scheduling an extra person or two, it will make the line move faster, please customers better, and will ultimately be more lucrative for you in the end.I still love Govinda's but lately they've been running out of rolls all the time! I must say that there is nothing like a vegetarian chicken cheesesteak on a hearty roll. Wraps are for wimps and barely hold up.Sometimes trying to be vegan or vegetarian is tough. Some days you simply want a cheesteak  and fries, especially if you are born and raised in Philly. Govinda's makes the best vegan steak I have ever tasted.My boyfriend and I arrived around 9:25 on a Sunday  according to google they close at 10pm on Sunday's. When we arrived the the cashier was super nice even though there was a lot going on and more customers coming in. It was the cook however that made my first impression on this place not so good. He was very rude and in a rush and kept yelling to the cashier to let the people behind know that they are closing and no more orders. Then when we finally got to order he said he was only making chicken cheesesteaks.... which were okay he was definitely in a rush to make it because it didn't taste as good as I thought it would be def was missing some flavor. I would love to go back but maybe I should be hours before they close so I can have decent service and food prepped rightUnique place: American food style combined with some Indian food flavors. That is what the the foods I have tried remind me of. It is pretty good here. Vegetarian foods and they even have chicken. I wish there was more parking whenever I am there. Otherwise I might eat here more frequently.Luv this place, no complaints bout the food or desserts yet. Always Yummyyyy, but hate long wait n long lines, n take out section is small n cramped. All time fav is the chicken chzsteak n chicken salad hoagie, just wish they had my fav, onions. The thing i hate most is trying to find parking. OOOoo, n best to get takeout, not alot of room to eat in.I miss this place. Boston doesn't understand vegan food like Govinda's does. The chicken cheesesteak is unbelievable. As a meat eater turned vegetarian turned vegan turned meat eater, all incarnations of myself, carnivorous and otherwise, would gladly put a bullet in a man for just one single bite of a Govinda's chicken cheesesteak.
That's a lie. I wouldn't kill anyone.
But seriously.Love this place never fails me the food is the same every time I get the mock chicken wrap with spinach wrap Mayo, cheese, pickles and sweet peppers deliciousI always want to give vegetarian restaurants a good review. They're hard to find and I want to help the veggie community. But, the Govinda's needs to help themselves first.
I ordered a couscous salad, which promised to be paired with season vegetables. Instead is was a lump of couscous with some broccoli and peppers mixed throughout. Given this is summer and a vegetarian restaurant, they could have done better. 
My sister ordered the "duck", which had a satisfying texture and decent sauce, but couldn't even be charitably described as resembling duck. The promised whipped sweet potatoes were instead sliced and in small quantity.
Desserts were rich and satisfying. The cheesecake was dense and the chocolate peanut butter cake was moist. Not to bad for vegan baking. It would have been great with coffee, which they mysteriously did not serve.
The real issue was the service, which seemed constantly mystified as to who we were and what we ordered. First, they never recorded my sister's duck order properly. It arrived late, much like the excuse. Waiters would wander around the room wondering who ordered what at what table until we flagged them down to get our dishes. 
This confusion extended to the bill, where they charged my card for another table's orders.
I hear Govinda's take out sandwiches are worthwhile. I can't say the same about their dining room. Avoid this restaurant and stick to Horizons instead. It's the same price, but the quality is infinitely better.And now they have a pizza/buffet section!!!!! I cannot wait for them to open this weekend. I stopped in for a preview of the pizza and WOW. I literally wanted a slice of each (but the way my un-summer body is set up....) So I had a slice of the cheese w/ seitan chicken and of course it was da bomb! Just like I did with their vegan steak I fell in love at first bite.Food tasted different this time I'm pretty sure. Chix chzsteak didn't have as much green pepper, n bread was chewy like it wasn't fresh. I ordered Chix salad hoagie too, didn't look or taste the same, was all faux Chix n mayo, no chopped veggies like it used to have. N had fried shrimp for the first time, wasn't crazy bout it, especially texture. Hoping next time I go, food is better.This place is amazing. The customer service was great and the food was amazing. I ordered the chicken and beef subs, hibiscus tea, carrot cake and cinnamon rolls. Everything was amazing. I will definitely come back again.