Great atmosphere and quality service. Featuring an interesting weekly menu with savory gelato. Large wine options. Amazing desserts. Best cheesecake ever.From making the reservation to getting the check. Every step of the way. A-mazing! We drove 4 hours and it was so worthy.The one time I ate at Gran Caffe L'Aquila I was there for 3 hours. It's right next door to Nordstrom Rack and looks unassuming from the outside, but once you step inside and go upstairs you realize just how huge it is (great for large parties)! The menu is seriously extensive and mostly in Italian, which makes it a bit overwhelming, but the waiters are extremely knowledgable and more than willing to help out! I ordered the zuppa de pesce and the pear/cranberry salad, which were both delicious, but the highlight of the meal was definitely dessert! They bring you a huge platter with every dessert available so you can take a look at everything before you order, and their gelato is award winning, so don't miss out on that!This was the best meal I have had since I was in Italy. Everything was fabulous and made with fresh ingredients. I can not recommend it highly enough. We ordered small plates to share and saved some room (barely) for the wonderful gelato. Very good choice of wines as well. Nice environment apparently recreated from their restaurant in Aquila before the earthquake displaced them.this place is beautiful!!! its so cute! a client of mine told me that they have the best gelato in the city and its a must try. Nutella, and banana gelato was orgasmic. go good. i tried it all and it was all so good. must try!!!It's always a great time here. On this occasion I did not eat, I just went for a few drinks and a lovely chat with a girlfriend. 
She order an iced cappuccino that she said was lovely, and I had a lemon granita. The granita was quite sweet for my buds, but after squeezing actual lemon into it...it was perfect.
The staff is always friendly and attentive. They have a great selection of food, drinks, and Italian gelato! 
From prior visits the salads are very good, I also had the gnocchi once with mushrooms! Truffle fries are yuk as well. This is definitely a great date night or just a good time with friends. Enjoy!!Loved it. The staff is really friendly, especially Matteo, our server. Things to get: the octopus and the Hillary Clinton beer and the cappuccino. Things to avoid: that mosaic sushi thing. The restaurant overall is great for a date or just a place to chill with a coffee. Dinner for two comes to about $50 because even though the individual dishes are cheap, you will want to try more than one and then they will add up pretty quickly.I'm so glad I accidentally stumbled upon this place on my way out of work yesterday. I don't think my life will ever be the same again. 
As someone who grew up in Europe, I get a bit nostalgic at times, and I could not have been more excited to find out that a piece of Italy has made its way across the Atlantic Ocean and nestled itself on Chestnut Street between Sephora and the music store. 
Entering this establishment, I was greeted by (a hostess, but also) a delicious looking assortment of gelato. I hear some flavors are spiked, which I'm really excited to try. If it weren't so cold outside, I would have been compelled to clean out this entire gelato section myself. However, since it was cold and I already had dinner, I decided to add a nice finish to my evening by sipping some hot, aromatic Italian coffee along with bites of their delicious pastries. 
Though I wish I could have sampled everything, I only got to try the lavender panna cotta and white chocolate bread pudding. However, both were heavenly and well-balanced in both flavor and texture. You can be sure that I will be back to try every single item at this establishment - whether it is for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a late night glass of wine. Very solid execution in product quality, concept, and service.Words cannot even begin to describe the amazing quality of the food made here.  From the appetizers to dessert as well as drinks, everything I have tried is house-made and quite amazing.  I commend it for its simple flavors that are well executed giving much respect to each ingredient.  It's flavorful yet not overdone in terms of complexity.  You'll understand when you try ANY of their dishes (I would highly recommend any of their gelato-paired pastas -  new yet exciting and delicious experience).  Desserts are beautifully done: lavender panna cotta, tiramisu, and not to mention the best gelato in town.  The ambiance is lovely with soft yet modern interior designs and meeting the needs of both dine-in customers as well as coffee enthusiasts.  Though service is subpar for what is expected from a restaurant this caliber, its special menu which features a city each week will make up for it.  It gives a chance to see the chefs represent a new flavor profile and better expose yourself to Italy.  So the next time you're in the area, take the chance to taste a bit of Italy and grab a panini, pasta, white peach sangria, or a chocolate mousse.I've only had espressos here but they are fantastic and can be ordered so many ways on the menu. Gelato here is good too, as are the interesting Italian desserts.Top notch service and authentic European dishes. Great coffee and beautiful/tasty deserts. 
One of my favorite things to do is stop in during my lunch and get their sorbet-it is amazingly good and they have some interesting flavors.Went with my cousin who lives in the city last night, this is her new favorite Italian restaurant.  All our food was delicious - try the Pera salad, wonderful! And the grilled octopus (which I always order when I am fortunate enough to find it on a menu) was very well prepared. A scoop of gelato to end the meal is a must here, we shared one lemon and one chocolate - both were superb. Loved the atmosphere in the restaurant upstairs, and our server Samantha was one of the best I have ever had the pleasure to meet. All around, well worth visiting and revisiting.Maybe we went in with high expectations based on all the yelp reviews or maybe because we're vegetarian, this place just did not live up to our expectations.  
The service we got from our waitress was meh.  It really felt like she just wanted to sell us the most amount of food and drink as possible without giving much service.  Her attitude was I'll get to it when I can not I'm gonna take care of it right away.  
Now on to the food.   We ordered the tambo, which is sautéed hot peppers.  They were spicy and had good flavor.  A good simple dish.  
Then we got the gnocchi and risotto as our main entrees.  These were the most flavorless dishes I have ever had.  There is nothing more to say.  Just blah!
The last and best thing we had was the gelato.  We got the amaretto and bacio.  Both were very good but the bacio - delicious!
I would skip on having a meal here but definitely come in to have some gelato.  It's worth the trip.I'm not a fan of Italian food. I think it overrated and bland. 
Gran caffe l'aquila is the only restaurant I will go to. Absolutely love this place. Best gelato I've had. I use to think capogiro was good. After having the gelato here, capogiro is just mediocre. 
The coffee here is amazing. Roasted in house. I used to buy coffee here all the time. Now I just buy their beans and grind and brew at home.This restaurant is all facade. The gelato is mediocre and the service is HORRIBLE. I called ahead to make sure they were open. All I wanted was a cappuccino, so they said the kitchen was closed but we could come in for espresso/cappuccino and gelato. When I got there, they tried to push us out saying they were closed so I explained that I had just called and that all we wanted was gelato and espresso. So they told us it was ok. We all pick out our gelato (if you want two flavors you MUST pay for a medium--why can't there be two flavors in a small??) then we go to order cappuccino and the staff has to walk to the other side of the bar and come back to awkwardly tell us that they "shut the machine off and cleaned it out." We asked for cappuccino TWICE AHEAD OF TIME, yet it was still too much for them. Then the woman at the register was rude, slammed our change down on the table and said nothing. The rest of the staff was awkward, pushy, didn't know anything, and didn't know how to say a simple "excuse me" when I was in their way. It was a weird and unpleasant experience. To top it off the gelato was truly terrible for $6 for a medium...basic flavors, but none of them are rich the way gelato should be. The sorbet was too sour. The place clearly isn't run by real Italian chefs, and the fancy image does not fit their crappy gelato and terrible service.While visiting Philadelphia I ate here once and treated myself to their gelato twice! 
The service was excellent and provided excellent recommendations based on my diet and preferences. After a delicious meal, it only got better with gelato and coffee.The next day I treated myself to more gelato and coffee. 
This is a nice place.First timers here. We came for restaurant week, and actually ordered from the restaurant week menu (not something that we would usually do!). The restaurant week menu was great, and the regular menu a little overwhelming (HUGE menu!). 
Here's a quick break down:
~Apps:
1.Caprese Salad: Freaking heavenly. You would think this would be a typical caprese salad? Hell no! So much better. 
2. Grilled Octopus: Much smaller than the app from the normal menu (comparing from photos in other reviews), but delicious non-the-less.
3. Boar Meatballs: Omg. Can I eat these, and only these, forever and ever? Yup. They were THAT good. With a bit of spice.
4. Sulami Sushi: This was my least favorite of the apps, but okay. Probably wouldn't recommend.
~Entrée
1. Papardelle: Holy moly! Meat heaven. This meal tastes a trillion times better than it looks. A bunch of delicious meat slow cooked in ribbons and ribbons of pasta....yes please. Entrée winner for us!
2. Veal Braciole: Hubby's choice of entrée. Tender, cheesy, and delicious - his description of the meal.
Okay, so we were both happy and full, with delicious wine and beers accompanying our meal. Then, comes desert, which = gelato heaven.
~Desert: 
Four flavors that we tried & loved!:
Me: House Roasted Coffee & Dark Chocolate - O.M.G. for real!
Hubby: Pistachio & Nutella - Legit, he said. 
Great meal, great service, great night. Will come again to order from everyday dinner menu for sure.Wow - this dining experience is by far one of the best in Philly and the food is absolutely out of this world.  I can't get my wife to stop raving about the rigatoni with sauce made from yellow tomatoes.  Immediately became one of our favorite restaurants and I know we will be back soon.Looking for dessert after dinner; saw a lady holding a cup of ice cream and figured the shop should be near by. The many flavors of gelato smiled at us when we step in. Immediately a friendly staff with an Italian accent behind the counter greeted and gave us sample of 4 different flavors of sorbet to taste. Soooo delicious; wish I could get them all. I got the mango and lemon, my daughter ordered the blueberry and banana. I wished I'd discovered this place when we first arrived Philly. I would recommend it to anyone and I will definitely return every time I come to Philadelphia.I don't think I've ever had a gelato I didn't like, but I also don't think I've had a gelato I LOVED until I went here with my little sister to escape the humid heat. With two stories, it can get a bit noisy downstairs so we cozied up in the back of the second floor with just our table and one other: Stefano Biasini. As we learned, he's a world famous gelato maker, and it's not hard to see why. 
First, Cannolo. The crunch of cannoli shells meets lightly sweet gelato. Perfect combination of chocolate, ricotta, and sugar. YUM. I paired this with an Italian dessert wine (some of my favorite dessert wines), and it was sensational. 
Second, the gelato sandwich. I forget the fancy name on the menu, but it's essentially a layer of favorite gelato between two pieces of brioche bread, dusted with powdered sugar. The Chocolate Burger, we called it. Suffice it to say, our sweet tooth's (teeth?) were satisfied. I've since been back with coworkers.. and I'm cultivating a following. :)I should add my companions who enjoyed our meal at L'Aquila were visitors from Italy.
Also the other day I followed LaBan's chat where he was shredded for his review of this restaurant.
I challenged Craig (via email) to report the rebellion in his Thursday print chat section. He assured me  he knows Italian food yet some time ago he posted a video of his recipe for spaghetti and clams...with butter. 
LaBan knows as much about Italian food as Chef Boyardee or The Olive Garden.
The danger is this charlatan has a following of ill-informed Winkies who fall for his charade. Good places fail because of an appraisal based on his prejudices and mood.We are not familiar with Philly as we live near NYC but thank goodness we found this lovely restaurant on Yelp. I recommend making a reservation ahead of time because this place gets packed. The space is super trendy and romantic. Everyone who works here is extremely friendly and accommodating. Our waiter (dude with the ponytail) was great. He started out by telling us the history of the restaurant, how it won best cafe in Italy, best gelato in Philly etc...very impressive. He also made recommendations for every course, which helped a lot since we were not familiar with their products. We started out by ordering the smoothie rosso, which is strawberry, raspberry, Apple, and yogurt gelato. Amazing. Then we got two appetizers, the arancini (rice balls) and the pepper caponata. Still drooling over the rice balls...omg. What I was surprised about was the olive oil that came with the bread. Proves to show how using a quality product can really change something so simple. My entree was the half chicken. It came with potatoes and asparagus. As with everything else, it was cooked and seasoned perfectly to preserve the juiciness of the chicken. Finally, for dessert, our waiter told us we could not leave without trying the gelato. At this point, I was stuffed. But I powered through and ordered the milk gelato (sounded the lightest) and a cortado. My goodness I cannot describe the creaminess of the gelato. Just incredible and really lives up to the hype. Cortado was great too. They roast the coffee beans there so you know they know their coffee. We ended up staying there for hours since we ordered so much, but never felt rushed or obligated to leave. We truly enjoyed our experience here and encourage everyone to check it out!My wife and I wondered in here on a friday night around 8pm without a reservation. We got a window seat right away with a nice view of chestnut street(place was busy)
For appitizers we had the buffalo mozzarella caprese style. There is nothing like fresh mozzarella and then paired with fresh tomatoes and basil, this was a great dish
Next we ventured outside of our comfort zone and had 2 meal with gelato pairings... Now this sounds weird i know but i promise you its worth it... We had Torta Granchio which was a crab cake that was cooked perfectly and a dollop of roasted peper gelato. Great pairing and the creamyness of the gelato helped cool and almost act as a hummus to the crabcake. We also had butter noodles with with a garlic buttery gelato that was the special and also delicious. The wild boar meatballs were also a hit.
The gelato is where they shine, my wife said it was the best she has had outside of Italy. Thats about as great of a review as you can get when it comes to gelato.  Cant wait to come back here!Excellent food to share or not!  Everything we ordered, from appetizers to dessert was delicious.  Best  gnocchi I have ever had.  I also had the crab cake with red pepper gelato which was yummy!  Atmosphere was homey and inviting.  Would love to transplant restaurant to a place with closer parking and an al fresco option.  I would also suggest that you make a reservation.  Highly recommend!No A/C, place was superhot in July. We ordered iced cappuccino that was not even cold and tasted as regular coffe with milk. On the top of that they brought sugar instead of syrup. The presentation was as italian as a cheeseburger from McDonnals: a long glass with straw!Had lovely lunch with my fiancée in this beautiful restaurant.
I have to admit, their menu was a bit intimidating and very tempting to buy everything just to try it, but after long consideration, we decided on our course meals.
Appetizers:
Pepate Di Cozze (peppered mussels)
Polipo (octopus with lemon-like dipping sauce that was too strong for my taste)
Entrees:
Linguine Granchio (Crab Linguine)
Spaghetti Vongole (Clam Spaghetti)
Desserts:
Gelato (Crème Caramel and Pistachio)
White Chocolate Bread Pudding (with an interesting cinnamon-like base)
They were incredibly delicious and the portions were just right! Not too much and not too little!
I loved the appeal of this place. It was upstairs, gorgeous decor and seating, and a bar. Very classy and wonderful for date nights and/or bringing the family for a fancier dinner (possibly special occasions).
Let me just say, we both left fully satisfied and treated very well.This is a new treasure on Chestnut with just about every kind of Italian delicacy, from gelato to wonderfully rich espresso to sandwiches to actual entrees.  We stopped in for an after-dinner coffee and absolutely loved the full-bodied espresso and creamy gelato.  The latte (caramel) is great, as is the always classic Straciatella.  They also have a Nutella flavor as well as mango and banana.  Prices are extremely reasonable with an Americano costing $2 and a small gelato $4.50.  We didn't get a chance to try the actual dishes but they looked delicious and I can't wait to taste the grilled octopus when I return!  The seating and ambiance are great, and it's perfect for a casual date or catching up with friends.  There is something for everyone!I went to Gran Caffe L'Aquila for lunch however I just ended up ordering desserts because the menu was confusing. I got a bruschetta, tiramisu, cheesecake, 3 flavors of gelato ice cream. I loved their desserts and ice cream selection. The service was slow considering I got mostly desserts however our server was nice enough to walk my friend and I through the whole menu multiple time! I, also happened to go at a very awks time of the day yet the place was busy! I would say def give this place a try specially if you're 21+ and are able to drink! They have a beautiful selection of drinks wines and cocktails!Great food, great atmosphere, and servers that care! We came in on a whim walking down Chestnut with no predetermined destination, and were amazed by excellent service and food alike! We split the swordfish and a ravioli gelato thing and both exceeded our expectations. The coffee was also excellent! Everything was above par and we spent about $60 for two people, splitting two entrees and an appetizer of caprese salad with coffee and iced tea as beverages: cheaper than we expected. My father is hard of hearing and we initially were seated in a place where it was not quite too loud for us to be able to speak but was not quiet enough for our liking. We asked to be reseated to a quieter place and were catered to. I am 100% satisfied with my experience and will likely be back. I also walked away with a nice pound of coffee that I thoroughly enjoyed and they even ground it for me! Thank you!I am so grateful that the management reached out and apologized about my first experience here. We gave it a second fair try and were totally blown away by the food and attentive service. 
The best part was simply the food. Our prosciutto dish was incredible. The waitress recommended the pera salad which did not disappoint at all. I am obsessed with the quality fresh ingredients and would order this again in a heartbeat. The lamb skewer dish was my favorite. Amazing flavor and served on super delicious bread. I was raving about the perfect bread's fluffiness, "bubbles" and flavor for awhile-- this definitely would make Italy proud. The duck was also very good but I prefer mine a bit more charred if I had to nitpick.
Service (warm and friendly) definitely made up for last time. Gelato was just as magical this second time around. Definitely still the best gelato in Philly. Only thing I wouldn't recommend was our fresh squeezed juice that had way too much lemon in it. It was unbalanced and felt as though it was about to bore an acidic hole in my stomach lining.Excellent food!  Our host knew the owner and he gave us a sampling of appetizers and entries.  Really authen
tic dishes that were made from ingredients from Italy.  Flavor was light and delicately seasoned.  Potions were large enough for sharing with 3-4 people without being overwhelming.  Great service and knowledgeable waiters  one of the best gelato we have ever had. 
Definitely on par if not better than the food we had in Italy this summer!This restaurant is definitely one of a kind. Interesting dishes, such as ravioli paired with truffle gelato!! They have the best hot chocolate you will ever taste. It isn't that crap that you buy at Walmart and mix with water. It's actual European style melter hot chocolate. Also they have new menu items every week, influenced by a different city in Italy.Best gelato ever. I can't get enough of the Coco and Rum. But there are a lot of good options and no one I know has ever been less than satisfied with their choices. You can also get takeout gelato to make sure your fridge is always stocked. 
I haven't dined here yet but I will update my review once I do.I've eaten here several times for dinner and often just gelato. It never disappoints. 
For dinner, I love the tour through Italy and the focus on one city a week. I've had a couple of dinners with savory gelato. It seemed strange, but was quite delicious and unique.  
The menu is large and overwhelming, often a sign of a restaurant that has list focus. Not so here. Everything we've tried has been amazing. 
Don't skimp on dessert!  All of the gelato flavor are amazing.Excellent classy restaurant! The food and atmosphere is perfect for a date night or anytime you happen to be craving authentic Italian food. The carbonara with bacon gelato was delicious. Of course since the gelato is on top the dish is not as warm as most but the flavor is amazing. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone coming to Philadelphia.Visited while on a business trip to Plilly.  Wonderful!  Great food, great atmosphere,  very attentive and friendly service, and Gelato.Been there many times and love it - simple, outstanding food with emphasis on quality ingredients.  Cannot go wrong.  Reminds me of excellent meals in italian villages.Great Italian restaurant! They start you out with bread with infused olive oil and parmesan. We then ordered the "meat/fruit roll" that had strawberry, prosciutto and rice and it was SO good! I ordered the spaghetti type dish and my friend order to gnocchi- both very good, I liked the gnocchi better. 
MOST IMPORTANT- get then gelato!!! Tastes like its straight from Italy!
Also I would make a reservation because its really crowded, we made one a day in advance and had to sit downstairs( more cafe vibe, next to the coffee bar and gelato).This place was such a great find! Needed a last minute reservation for my birthday and stumbled upon this restaurant while browsing through Yelp. 
The whole experience felt like I was in Italy! Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the restaurant's history and menu. Friendly and approachable. Attentiveness at its finest. 
Cappuccino was THE best I've had in a while. Bruschetta was fresh. Portions were fair. 
For entrees we opted for the gastronomical side of the menu. It was the most interesting combination I've ever tasted at a restaurant. The savory and cold gelato paired well with the hot entrees. Try the carbonara and ravioli because they were amazing. The portions aren't so big though. 
AND DONT FORGET TO TRY THE DAMN GELATO. 
The best gelato I've had. Coconut rumThis place is a hidden gem! Right off Rittenhouse but very down to earth. We went here on the recommendation of an Italian friend who said this was the only place in the city he will eat Italian food because it tastes like home. This restaurant imports a lot of its ingredients from Italy to give it that genuine taste. Even the pistachios for their gelato! They have large and small plates on their menu but some of the large plates are huge and very share-able. We got 3 small dishes, two desserts and two drinks for a very filling meal for only $60! Def try the lamb skewers with pancetta, the mozzarella is out of control, grilled octopus, peach sorbet, nutella gelato, and the egg custard gelato (tastes like flan)Appetizers taste WAY better than the main course (or at least the pastas). The desserts were delicious!!Seriously amazing.
I wish I could end the review there but you probably want details! My boyfriend and I came here on a whim after looking for dessert. When we stepped in, we weren't sure if we should leave or stay because the ambience was so.. fancy. I LOVED IT THOUGH. 
Their Italian desserts were delightfully presented, and they tasted amazing. After looking at their Yelp, I ordered the Lavender Panna Cotta without having a clue about what Panna Cotta is. My boyfriend tried their berry gelato, and for a drink, we got their blueberry smoothie. Although their smoothie could've used more sugar, the rest was basically flawless, in terms of presentation, taste, texture, etc. I loved every aspect about the place, and their desserts.
I plan on coming back here as much as I can to try more of what they have to offer! It's seriously amazing, and I bet it'll be heavenly in the day time when there's sunlight in the room.Consider making a reservation for this gem. I called early afternoon Saturday to get in for two that evening around 6:30. Host explained he could get us in at that time in the downstairs area, but not in the dining room upstairs. I was fine with that because it was our first time. My family grew up in Italy and has raved about the food and authenticity! 
The downstairs is where the gelato, coffee bar, other pastries, sandwiches and such are. Generally an area where you can come in and out more quickly than having a sit down dinner, which is what we came for. Aside from that, it is a very pretty ambience. Italian music playing, many songs I grew up listening to which brought me back. 
The waiter explained that each week they chose a region of Italy and create dishes pertaining to that region. One thing I particular looked forward to was the knowledge of staff pairing wine and food as I heard that's what they do. Unfortunately, our waiter did not suggest any wines after we said we were ready to order, but unsure what wine to choose. Our waiter educated us on the man who travels around to hand pick each wine for the restaurant, only to walk away giving us a few more minutes to decide on our own. Hm. 
Ok now for food! Began with classic Italian starters of arancini, rice balls with beef, sauce, peas and cheese, and fritto misto, basically fried calamari with additional fried shrimp and zucchini. Both presented nicely and well cooked. 
We had to order our main dishes with gelato pairings. We went with the ravioli with the back and white truffle gelato and crabcake with red pepper gelato. I was happy with both dishes. My boyfriend thought the ravioli was more al dente than he preferred, but I actually enjoyed the texture. Truffle is very distinct in this dish, so you have to like it if you're going to appreciate the combo with the gelato. I thought the cool gelato complimented each dish nicely. 
For dessert we ordered the brioche gelato sandwich with tiramisu gelato and the sfogliatelle. My boyfriend loved the sandwich and I really liked the texture and taste of sfogliatelle with ricotta filling. It is not a particularly sweet dessert, but very tasty. Only complaint was that the sfogliatelle was supposed to come with whole milk gelato, but it did not. I did realize it after it was served to me, but I did not say anything to the waiter because I suddenly wasn't sure if I was mistaken. Later I checked the menu and they did in fact forget to serve the gelato with my dessert :( Also ordered espresso ristretto, which just means it is stronger. Don't be surprised if it looks like a sip of coffee in a regular size cup. This is the traditional Italian way. 
Service was fine, but nothing too great. I am wondering if it would be a different experience in the actual dining area. 
Overall, the food was delicious. The gelato is out of this world (we sampled a few more on our way out) tremendously full of flavor, but what else could you expect from the gelato champion?! I'm already planning my next meal and brunch too!Very good food, professional service and high class ambience. Maybe not $$ rating in price but worth a little extra for a quality dinner.Had lunch here today and it was amazing!!! It was truly a real European/Italian experience. We ordered their famous (gold standard) prosciutto meat board, the hot peppers, and bruschetta as apps. The prosciutto was so so good. My favorite app by far. I ordered the rigatoni pasta and truffle fries. The pasta is all hand made and it was delicious! Then of course we had gelato for dessert. I had the amoretto and highly recommend it! 
The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because we went during work, and although we basically had a 3 course meal, the waiter was slightly slow to get our orders/clear our plates in between courses. So it ended up being a 3 hour lunch which was a little too long. Otherwise, our waiter was great, and super helpful! Just a little slow...no other complaints tho!The service was terrible. I wanted just soup and coffee . But the girl in the counter wouldn't even help me to see if I can have a single table at the back. Brought the soup but just left it there in the counter for me to figure it out. So I grabbed one at front. No one offer water or anything. The pastries at the display had little tiny flys on top . I just didn't felt welcome. So I had my soup (it was good but the piece of bread on top was old) I paid for the soup and didn't  get the coffee. Thank goodness I was by myself.This place is wonderful: gracious, knowledgeable staff, beautiful space, and the food! Amazing. I've never had burrata that was so creamy, and if you enjoy spicy food, go for the long hots small plate ("tambo" under the menu section, "sfizi caldi").  I can't wait to go back and try their coffee and desserts.I was very excited for this to open and I'm so glad it did not disappoint. 
Everyone seemed so nice, the hostesses, the manager (who gave me a complimentary glass of wine when he noticed that my date kept me waiting) and the server. 
For dinner I tried a few different items, some honorable mentions: the gnocchi and the meatballs - WOW! 
I'm an Italian immigrant so I do compare Italian restaurants to eating back in the "home country". This was definitely authentic and I cannot wait to come back for more!I got chicken Parmesan as a main course and taste was so weird. But I really liked the desserts there.It's a very nice Italian cafe/restaurant. They have the most amazing home made ice cream. It's always a lot of people and very friendly staff. I always feel welcome here!Fantastic place - great ambience, courteous staff, and comfortable chairs. A little pricey, but unquestionably worth every penny!Stopped by in the morning for an espresso to go. Walking in, I was really impressed by their gelato and pastry case (which was filled with the most delicious-looking croissants). I felt that the barista wasn't very personable, and I had even more critical thoughts about the espresso. I didn't find anything too special about it. While it wasn't too acidic or bitter, it was on the watery side and lacked any crema. 
I don't think I'll be coming back soon for another espresso shot, but I plan to update my review for their gelato and dinner menu!This review is based solely on my experience and the desserts. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. I had the straciatella and Nutella gelato and iced cappuccino. The gelato was pretty good, however not creamy enough and a little too sweet. My boyfriend had the tiramisu and mint expresso. Loved the espresso, however the raspberry syrup in the tiramisu sorta messes it up. On the other hand, the minute I walked in, I noticed the beautiful decors and as I try to record a video of the place, one of the workers behind the counter immediately started giving me the death stare. I had to answer my phone and my boyfriend noticed that she made a complaint to the manager. As we were leaving, she approached my boyfriend and asked him to tell me to delete the video because she doesn't like being on camera, which I completely understand, however I felt that it was very rude of her to automatically become angry at me and complained to her manager. It wasn't as if she told me first and I completely disregarded her. I loved the ambience of this place but I gotta admit that really ruined my mood.Such a great Italian restaurant. Deserves 10 stars to be really honest. Huge menu. We sat upstairs in this super comfy, adorable couch and table, which was great to have my 2 year old daughter at. What I really loved were the shareable portions, aka you're able to actually finish the plate of pasta without feeling like you're going to fall over or keep leftovers that will sit in the fridge for a week. The wine menu is also a mile long. We settled on a carafe of delicious white peach sangria and another more expensive red to accompany the meal. We ordered meat and cheese to start and it was delicious. Our waitress was extremely thorough (I would include her name but I don't remember how to spell or pronounce it- sorry). She went into detail for every single dish and wine and it was everything we expected and more. The food was really delicious and the pasta was perfectly al dente. Another great thing about this restaurant is the gelato menu. It's the first thing you see when you walk into the restaurant which is such great marketing. I ordered the coco and rum gelato which was delicious, it really tasted exactly like a piña colada. Overall such a great experience and I will most definitely return here the next time I am in Philly!The ricotta cheesecake tasted like a Clorox wipe. Really disappointed. We also got the bread pudding and it was decent but really dry. I don't know about lunch or dinner here but I can certainly tell you their dessert blows.I was recommended to come here by a co worker who is good friends from college with the owner. The place is great! Very authentic feel in terms of atmosphere, architecture and the staff's attire. Our waitress was very punctual and helpful with menu options.
The menu has a lot of options and can tend to be overwhelming but that's only because all of the options are great! They tend to rotate specials based on Italian cities and culture from the regions which is really cool.
Everything was very well prepared, brought to our table on a good time frame and was exceptionally fresh.
I would recommend this place for anyone looking for an authentic Italian restaurant in the city.Y'all, the gelato is incredible! Absolutely get the sampler for dessert, you get to pick 5 flavors for the price of a large and it is a great way to try the best gelato of your life. I also the carbonara and it was delicious, creamy and had the perfect amount of pepper. Honestly though, I barely remember it after the gelato.I went in for a lunch with a friend.  I have been to Italy many times so I was excited to try it.  Sadly, the service was so awful I was so p*ssed off that it ruined my experience.  I had a soup and sandwich which were both ok (nothing great), the Parma panini was very little meat and cheese and ALOT of bread.  I did not stay for coffee or dessert.  I needed to leave, I was so aggravated.  Not sure if I will be back. Which I was one of the people below who enjoyed it.  Poor service seems to be a theme though.I came here with a close friend after hearing that the food was excellent, and that the restaurant staffed a number of internationally renown professionals. We came around 7p on Memorial Day. We found the menu inaccessible, but I chalked that up to my nonexistent familiarity with Italian--in any case, our server, Greg, took his time thoroughly explaining the menu and was overall attentive and fantastic. My food (mini ravioli stuffed with veal paired with savory gelato) was remarkably delicious, and the raspberry sorbet I had for dessert was excellent. Giving this place 4 stars out of 5 because, while the food and service were superior, the menu was unwieldy and the ambiance needs some work. For an upscale establishment, the interior felt sort of corporate-generic, like I might have been in an Olive Garden.I ordered delivery from this restaurant. I ordered two pasta dishes and gelato. When the food arrived via a delivery service, there was what appeared to be a half eaten sandwich in the bag with our pasta dishes. I called to let the restaurant know, and was put on "hold" where I could hear the front hostess asking someone about the issue. I overheard that person explain that he had seen one of the server's brother eating a sandwich earlier. When the hostess got back on the phone, she attempted to explain this away, and I interrupted her, telling her I had just heard the story, and gross! She said "I'm sorry but we are busy. Is there something else we can do for you?" I was appalled. No offer to comp an item on the menu? No offer to make it up some way? Not even a real apology? Poor business practice all around. I won't be giving this place a second chance.Found it on google search for italian coffee philadelphia.   It does not disappoint! Great find! Full bar, food&wine choices great. Tons of coffee, tea, fresh pastries and desserts- you cannot go wrong here.  It pretty much rules.Great Italian restaurant in Center City. Its set up to look like the restaurant in Abruzzo, Italy.  They ship ingredients straight from that region of Italy. Regular menu is good and every week they have an additional rotating menu highlighting different regions of Italy.  The dinner is great, portion sizes are right on, extensive wine list and fabulous gelato- our server said the gelato maker is ranked #2 in the world.  We will be going back :)My friends and I got to Gran Caffe around 8p and the hostess told us to seat ourselves at a table. It was the end of the night so the place was not packed, with empty stools at the bar and empty tables. we sat at our "usual" table, which is right across the bar. We noticed waiters and waitresses passing by, carrying trays of foods and drinks. Some of them glancing at our direction, even the bartenders were, but no one stopped at our table to even acknowledge our presence as customers.
20 minutes have passed, and we decided we have had enough waiting time. We put our coats on and leave. Right before we walked out, we informed the hostess that not one staff has even walked up to our table, to which she replied, with no apologies whatsoever, that we should've gone over to the bar ourselves if we only wanted coffee. We were seated at a table like you told us to. What made you assume we wanted coffee?! At 8p? What if we wanted a variety of desserts and drinks, per usual? And am I supposed to get my own order and grab it myself too? She made it seem our fault for not taking the initiative to be acknowledged in the first place. AS CUSTOMERS. Yup.
At a place like Gran Caffe, I expect actual customer service. Such a shame. I have recommended this place to friends and have frequented this place one too many times, but now those times are now a distant memory.
Thank you for the good times.Very impressed with the hostess , he really worked hard to make sure we were seated even though we did not have reservations.  He also has a great sense of humor and could be a character from Saturday night live.
Please try the spaghetti infused with BACON gelato!   Very unique but worth it.   You will end up not feeling fatigued and sluggish after a meal here.  They serve you just enough to feel satisfied but slightly hungry.  Perfect!   
I had the veal ravioli infused with garlic butter gelato!   It is very cold and the. You dip your hot pasta on the cold gelato and get fireworks.    
They served plenty of bread and the waiter was excellent.   Seating is great and the bathrooms were really clean. We would definitely come back .Wow! Came here for lunch without any expectations of what I was getting into, but what a great place! First of all, the interior is gorgeous - tastefully decorated, and the seating area on the second floor feels refined without being over the top. Our server, Francesco, was great - told us the story of the restaurant and was patient in answering our questions about the menu. 
I ordered pasta with yellow tomatoes and garlic, and I was glad that I ordered something so simple - I was able to really taste the flavors in the sauce, without too much else going on in the dish. Didn't have room for gelato but I wish I did; maybe next time. 
Another thing I appreciated about this place - appropriate portion sizes (the proper Italian serving sizes, that is)! I believe the menu is designed for sharing, but my group each ordered our own main course, and I thought the size of that entree was perfect. 
Was a little bit on the pricey side, especially for lunch, but I liked the food and experience so much I'm inclined to say it was worth it. I'll be back with my Italophile family - they'll be happy to find a little taste of Italy on this side of the Atlantic.The food here was good (even though I thought my duck breast was a little over cooked), but the gelato was amazing. Definitely recommend this place to all!this was a real nice place to go eat. I was there for a business meeting it was kind of loud to talk. I am rating my experience on the service and food. 
I had: 
Octopus (Polipo) appetizer = 5 out of 5 - I have never had such a soft octopus with a nice crisp outside. Definitely will have it again
Duck on sweet sour sauce with side pasta = 4 out of 5 - Over all wonderful just was not all that into the pasta. 
Service = 4 out of 5 - the only thing they tripped on was that the food was not available so they substitute wild rabbit with Duck. Still the food was incredible. 
Am I coming back and recommend to others = For sure.I had been there once and I would never go back. The service was horrible. The waiter was not there most of the time. I ordered a carbonara, and it was extremely dry. Also, the carbonara was not hot at all, seems like it has been sitting aside for awhile. I was so disappointed. I made a reservation to go to this restaurant for my birthday and carbonara is my favorite pasta. I did not enjoy my experience at this restaurant. I did not have fun on my birthday.Greatest restaurant i'd ever been to in my 18 years of existence. Every morning since eating there I wake up and wish I was at the Gran Caffe L'Aquila. I go to sleep and wish I was there. Best restaurant in Philadelphia.An expensive place for some high quality gelato. $7+ for two flavors. Is it worth it? I guess if you like gelato it might be.
It's against a restaurant with seating for food, drinks, and other desserts. There is room for seating and standing.Delicious coffees, desserts (especially the gelatos.)
Entrees are very flavorful and delectable, top recommendation is the pappardelle al ragu aquilano with lamb, chicken, veal, and pork in a tender meat-mix (medium size portion, however good for splitting with two.)
Recommend for a date or a night out.Very authentic italian and good quality food. Ambiance is pretty high-energy and our waiter had great presence and charisma. We had a group of 6 and were quickly seated as soon as we arrived (Thursday night 7:00 pm).
Appetizers were excellent, roasted half-chicken wasn't as fresh and moist as I would've liked, but everything else compensated for that. Dessert was great.Good food. Awful staff. I've been here seven times. Someone has messed up my order three times, not brought a check or gave me my credit card back after 15 minutes twice each time requiring me to ask the waiter for it, and today the woman at the register for the first time when I bought gelato sat there talking to her co-worker holding my credit card while I waited there for a minute staring at her waving my arm and saying 'excuse me' to hand it back to me so I could leave. Have spent over $700 here the times I've been here in total. I'm done trying to give this place that could have a lot of potential my money.  Have met the owner twice in my times there, I hope he reads this at some point so his establishment doesn't lose anymore customers.Such a beautiful restaurant/coffee shop! My boyfriend and I stopped by to grab some coffee and it was delicious. Will be going again before we leave phillyHad a wonderful lunch here! Want to give 4.5 stars, because it was all so good, except a bit bland on the gnocchi. I should have gotten the pepper and cheese added to the top, and that was my fault. Service was impeccable and I'd definitely go back!This place is FANTASTIC.  They are known for their gelatos and they are excellent.  they even have savory types of gelato served on main courses.  We were a large party and the servers and one of the managers spent a lot of time with us explaining their  Caffe's background, their menu, their gelatos and the wine pairing.  Definitely go there for dinner!Great place to come for restaurant week.
Buffalo Burrata Mozarella Caprese Tasting
grilled octopus - very tender and flavorful
Papparadelle al Ragu Aquilano - I wanted a tomato sauce and this satisfied that craving.  
Pistachio/Amaretto Gelato - I'm not a sweets person but this might have been my favorite part of the meal
I would go back for another meal and definitely for the gelatoOne of the best Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, in my opinion.  I stopped by for a quick dinner at 4 pm on a Tuesday and got seated immediately.  The interior is clean and modern looking.  I don't really care about tables or interior designs much as I emphasize on food quality, but their tables have pockets on the sides to place purses, small jackets, phones, and misc. stuff in.  That definitely solves the awkward "stuff your crap on this chair/side of the booth/on the floor".
I had the Fritto Misto appetizer, Linguine Al Granchio, and Gnocchio.  Each and every dish tasted like real Italian food.  I mean yeah, I've never been Italy and my Vietnamese household certainly don't make Italian food on the regular, but my taste buds don't lie when comparing to other Italian restaurants and having Italian dishes from Italian immigrant friends.  Oh and they give you unlimited bread and such.  
If you are someone that wants more meat on their pasta dish, I'd suggest Pappardelle al ragu Aquilano or Tagliatelle Alla Panna. Otherwise, ask your servers.  They are more than happy to describe you dishes and give you recommendations based on what you want, especially if you're overwhelmed with the menu.
Whoever my server was (long hair, beard, brunette, male), you're awesome.  Overall, totally recommend this restaurant.If you like great Italian food like do many others in philadelphia, don't go here. Decor cheesy and food tasted like a typical suburban restaurant...just average. Most entrees were coldWow.  This place was just absolutely amazing!!!  I wish I still had the menu with me so I could remember some of the names of the dishes but can't !  I really just wanted to give this spot 5 stars for everything!  Food, Service, Ambiance.  Their menu is so different from your typical Italian spot.  
Finish more next time...I would like to say that if Zero was an option, I wouldn't have given this place a star. I guess the one star should be given to the hostesses because that was the only good thing about the place other than the gelato. My friends talked highly of the gelato here so I decided to give it a try. I was in on Friday night sitting by the gelato bar which isn't too far from the host stand. Being that I used to be in the food industry for years, I pay very close attention to how the place is run. I am not sure how this place still has a full staff. As I was enjoying my gelato, which is pretty good. I witness something I didn't think would exist in a beautiful place like this. A pale heavier set male (probably) the manager was giving the hostess instructions but he carried himself as if he owned her. The rudest one can be. After he was done, the hostess had a look on her face like she is about to walk out in tears. I wanted to say something but it isn't my place so I ended up here on Yelp. I probably won't be back to this place anytime soon. I've been on both sides of the table and doesn't take a whole lot of common sense to treat people the way you want to be treated. I guess common sense isn't very common anymore. Props to everyone under his management.Come for the gelato - it's simply the best. It truly lives up to its name. Have dinner somewhere else - except for 1 dish (lamb kabobs) the rest of the party were unimpressed with the food, and the service.Update: Leadership at the restaraunt reached out to apologize and offer remedy to the experience. That speaks volumes!
The service was so disappointing. Waitstaff was inattentive and brought out the wrong items (A shot of espresso instead of hot chocolate) and did not even remove it from the bill. When we pointed it out, the waitress just said, "Oh, I thought you said..." Ummm, no. Didn't drink it, and still paid for something we didn't want. She sort of made fun of the way would pronounce things, "What? do you mean..." not being Italian speakers, and that always makes for an awkward experience. The pasta was good, but I'd never go back.I parked and immediately noticed a new kid on the block.  God damn am I glad I came in!  
Cappuccino is amazing.  According to the owner (these guys just opened last week), they started this place with a guy who was voted #1 cafe in Italy before an earthquake wrecked the store.  Normally I'd scream bullshit, but I think these guys are legit.Fabulous after concluding an early night out for cappuccino, gelato, and conversation. Great environment and helpful servers. I will definitely be back. My friend in the red heels said it was worth the extra city blocks on her sore feet to skip Starbucks and go for this treat of a place.Great place, great service, and excellent food!
We showed up pretty early in the evening and were welcomed and seated right away. The menu is a bit overwhelming at first if you don't speak Italian, but our server, Shane, was very friendly and happy to explain and recommend dishes to us.
We only ordered from the tapas menu, and the mozzarella with tomatoes and prosciutto was INCREDIBLE! Definitely my favorite. 
My wife ordered a Nutella martini, which we found out is no longer on the menu. But the bartender, Damian, did a fantastic job of concocting one anyway! He actually made two different versions, and when the first one was just okay, he swapped out the second one which was absolutely amazing (It included homemade Nutella gelato). 
Apparently the chef here is actually world famous for his gelato, so make sure you have some! Literally any flavor and you'll be totally happy.I can't say enough good things about this place.  Its an upscale coffee shop and Italian restaurant but not your typical Italian restaurant. The food is delicious, there is enough variety to find something different (and interesting) every time you go. The servers are friendly and very helpful with interpreting the menu.  It's a little pricy BUT you're in the downtown of a major city, that's what you get.  This is going to be my "go to" place for a while.The gelato here is INSANE. Kinderino and Bacio are everything you never knew you wanted in your life, promise you. Can you marry desserts? I would and we would live a great polygamist life together...for about three seconds and then I would be a widow because there is no way I could not eat them. Pastries were also pretty good. Price were a bit steep but I wasn't mad at my bill once my belly was filled with this places great offerings.This restaurant is awesome. I love fries and delicious ice cream. Ice cream I chose lemon and vanilla.I will come again.Really good Italian restaurant.  I tried their Carbonara and it was really good! My favorite is the Spaghetti Alle Vongole. I also tried the Tagliatelle Alla Panna but it had to much cheese so it was okay.Odd location for a full restaurant, which is upstairs with cafe on street level.  Service needs help, likely because owner/ manager has an attitude. Lucky for them, the food shines so we are happy to ignore the service deficiencies.
Had dinner at upstairs dining room - tapa styled menu.  Loved everything.  The lamb skewers were delicious- generous portion too!  The mixed mushrooms were cooked and spiced perfectly.  The octopus was tender and flavorful.  The pasta al dente and tasty.  The gelato - the dark chocolate and the coconut- YUMMY!  Cappuccino perfect!  So good that we returned the next day to enjoy another cup at the street level cafe to start the day.  
Will return.My family and I went here for my 21st birthday and al lI can say is that it is the best restaurants I have ever been too. The server we had was spectacular; he constantly checked up on us to make sure we were satisfied and he would help us order our foods/drinks based on what we liked. 
The food was also some of the best Italian food I have ever eaten. I all got a bunch of small plates and shared it everything.
All in all, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone. It is amazing.Horrible first experience. A group of us went in on a Sunday night after dinner to eat gelato, and from when we first walked in, the two workers behind the gelato counter stared at us. They were not friendly at all, and another worker that came up to the front of the restaurant gave us nasty looks. The hostess was not welcoming at all, and gave us looks, telling us to leave. The gelato is mediocre, for the service, it wasn't worth it. Service is very important, no gelato is good enough to endure bad service.Went there for lunch with friends. We sat outside, which was kind of nice, but prefer to do that on a less busy street - although lively and entertaining to people watch. The food was great. I had the Bologna Panini. I went in to take a look at their selection of Gelato, which by the way, in my opinion, is the reason you go to this place. Many people stopped in just for the Gelato, which is DELICIOUS, but I digress. I went in also to take at look at the interior, which is nice and cool place to lounge for a little bit as you enjoy your gelato. The service was so-so (I think due to one particular server), but I'm always about the food anyway, which can trump questionable service any day if good enough.Really an exceptional culinary experience. From the bartender to the food, this was a treat. Highly suggest to everything from a date night to a group of friends. The prices were reasonable and the food had brilliant flavor. Enjoy!Was in the mood for pasta and saw that this was a new place in the area.  So happy we stopped by!  The service was excellent.  The server explained the menu and also gave great recommendations based on some our questions and preferences. 
The cheese plate was delicious as was the mozzarella and tomatoes; the tuna tartare was very subtle and perhaps I am used to a little more flavoring. But the gnocchi was excellent as was the carbonara with savory gelato.  
To finish we had the pistachio and coconut gelato and I must say it is some of the most delicious gelati I've ever had.  I don't generally like coconut because it's too sweet, but this was pretty amazing.  As others have said, the pistachio gelato is the one to try - truly tastes like you are eating pistachios!
I definitely will be back to try some of their other dishes as well as their other desserts!Service... Poor service on a slow day. I waited 10 minutes for a smoothie. 
Taste.. . Actual smoothie is delicious. It was the one with mango and papaya. Yum! 
Overall... 3 starsThe food, perfect. The gelato, somehow even better. It's like you're at your own Italian grandmother's house and she's cooking just for you.Had very high expectations due to the Yelp reviews. The ambiance and space was nice but the food was sub par and not quality. Only good thing was the gelato. Probably won't be back.What a place!! Where do I start? Damien the bartender that greeted us at the upstairs bar explained the whole menu including drink and some wine recommendations. We then started off with these veal stuffed olives that I coukd have just been given a bowl of and a beer and watched football!! They were unbelievable. We had a salumi sushi of sorts( go there and let them explain) and some grilled octopus. Everything is small plates so easy to share. Now go with lamb skewers with a mustard gelato and throw in the wild boar meatballs and now we are warming up!! A few more negronis and proseccos and bring on the spaghetti carbonara with bacon gelato( hot and cold)  finished the meal off with a strong double espresso that was delicious and a gelato sampler( spoonful of 5 gelatos) go with the pistacchio. I cant wait to go back 10 more times and try everything on the menu.As a true Italian and New Yorker, I always feel sceptic in eating at an Italian restaurant outside of NYC. My wife and I travel to Philly once a year for business, and have never found an authentic Italian restaurant here...until now. 
The smell of espresso coffee and the ambience of an authentic "bar Italiano" drew us in for breakfast with "cornetto e cappuccino". The Best cornetto and cappuccino we have had outside of Italy EVER!!!!
We were hooked, so we had to try a panino for lunch. AMAZING panino with prosciutto, mozzarella and arugola! We had to try dinner!
Long story short, for that week in Philly, we were having breakfast, lunch, coffee/gelato breaks, and dinner there, everyday!
The staff is very friendly. I found a "paesano" of mine from Palermo, Andrea, who was great! We felt like we were at home, or having a meal at a friend's house. I believe Stefano was the name of the chef, was extremely friendly.  
We cannot rave enough about this place!!!
We wish Grand Caffe L'Aquila lots of success! May God bless this business! We now look forward to many more trips to Philly. 
Suggestion: How about a branch in NYC? :)
Ciao! G&GO local é muito agradável. Garçons gentis comida muito boa e sorvete de yogurt excelente! Melhor só na Itália.The food is delicious and nothing like any other Italian restaurant. The gelato and coffee is better than anything I've ever tasted in Italy!! All around an amazing modern Roman restaurant.It's my favorite coffee and dessert but not service. It's so confusing if I should do my own self serving or wait for the full serviced. Many times I have been to this place I barely got a good service from either waiter or waitress. I sometimes think if this place is races. It seems like no one care if we walked in and asked for the coffee, not dining. I also have seen the food preparation from the semi open kitchen setting that cooks put tongs/ spatulas in the trashcan and used the same tongs/ spatulas  for the food to serve the customers. I felt so disgusting. I am not confident if I want to dine this place.I brought my family here when they were visiting and we had a great time! We tried a bunch of amazing food, wine, and had great service.  Our waitress was Aggie and she was amazing! She had great suggestions, I think i took every one of them and was not disappointed.  My family is already talking about how we are coming back next time they are in town!Found this gem on one of the busy streets of center city! It seems small from the outside, but once you go in, the restaurant itself is long and has a couple of floors..it is a whole new world inside. You feel like you've stepped into Italy and could fool yourself with the great decor inside. The menus are also in Italian, which immerses you more into the italian culture. 
The gelato is the best in philly in my opinion. I come in here for gelato sometimes because its just too good to pass up. 
Came here with a group of friends. All the food we got here was good! My dish Carbonara- the spaghetti with the bacon infused gelato. It was really good, however a bit salty bc there was a bit too much bacon (I know I know..how could this ever happen?) But the bacon/pasta ratio - the bacon overruled the pasta. My friend got the Tagliatelle alla panna, which was also very good! The only con would be that the dishes are on the smaller side. 
For dessert, we all got gelato and we all was satisfied! Best gelato ever! 
This is a great place to bring people that are visiting out of town, or just to have a nice lunch date with your friends. Its nice enough to bring people you want to impress, but not too fancy that you have to feel burdened. 
Stop by at least the gelato while shopping and roaming the splendid streets of Philly!Decent place, good atmosphere. A bit pricey but the food is delicious. The only down part I found is they don't have hooks under the bar so you have to put you purse (and a coat) on the floor.Great, fresh, creative food. 
Excellent service.
A rare gem.Incredible.  Authentic.  The pappardelle and chitarra pastas were insanely good.  Terrific wine selection (Sella & Mosca Cannonau di Sardegna by the glass!).  Best coffee in the city.  Unspeakably delicious gelato (go pistachio or nocello). The staff is genuinely hospitable and warm.  The kind of place that will make you consider moving closer so you can visit every day.Aghhh where do I start... I went here with a group of 6 women that are usually very picky. We got to Gran Caffe accidentally by walking around in the city and got attracted by their beautiful first floor interior. But it got even better as we went upstairs where we had our lunch. My favorite part of the whole experience was getting served by such a great, friendly man- Mateo:)) He was smiling the whole time while he was serving us and made us feel very welcomed although it was our first time dining here. He could talk about the food menu and wine menu all day which made choosing entrees a lot easier. Most of us ended up having salads since it was a very hot day out and enjoyed every bit of it. Gelato was absolutely delicious as well and I will make sure to be back for some more. Mateo showed us the true meaning of outstanding customer service. Ask for him when you next dine here, you'll have an amazing unforgettable experience!I just ordered to go for the first time at this place. I work across the street and was so excited to try it for the first time! I wanted to treat myself to lunch today so I just walked in and ordered one of the gelato pairings with pasta. I ordered one thinking it was vegetarian and I came back to work and realized it was a dish with meat and it was completely wrong. On the menu it said all cheese with a yellow tomato basil gelato. The gelato was truffle they gave me, it was  very good, but the completely wrong dish. I called to let them know and they put me on hold for 15 minutes. I decided to instead walk back in and let them know. The manager said that the dish that I ordered was no longer on the menu and that I could order something else. I waited another 20 minutes and they gave me a new pasta dish. 
As someone who works in the customer service industry as well, I would think they would offer me gelato or maybe a discount on my next visit, but nothing. 
It's a shame because I would be going here if the service wasn't so terrible because I work right across the street. For a new restaurant the service is completely unacceptable to the Philadelphia restaurant industry.Came here at 10am on a Sunday - just a few other patrons, beautiful trumpet instrumental music playing. Easy access for the stroller and plenty of space for it next to a table (for those who are at this stage in live you know how valuable this is!!)
Super relaxing. Great service.This is probably one if my most favorite Italian restaurants in the U.S.!  The staff are very kind and helpful -- most being from Italy.  My suggested menu picks:  start off with the blood orange martini.  You won't be disappointed.  This has become one of my favorite drinks.  Also try their pasta paired with savory gelato.  I have tried the carbonara with bacon flavored gelato as well as the tortellini with truffle flavored gelato.  Both are excellent but if I had to choose one, I would pick the carbonara dish.  Their pasta is so obviously home made and cooked beautifully al dente.   I've also tried their soup and pear salad ... you cannot go wrong with either as an appetizer.  Finally, the gelato for dessert is to die for.  My favorite is the Bacio which is made from dark chocolate, milk chocolate and hazelnuts.  My mother is from Turino and they have managed to recreate the gelato which tastes exactly like the amazing chocolate from this region!Went here for a work dinner. We got cheese, salume, prosciutto, and rice balls as our appetizer. I got the linguine mussel clams pasta, which was cooked perfectly al dente! The gelato was delicious at the end for dessert. The service was good and atmosphere was lively. Highly recommend!Such a cute find in the city!
They have two levels, a Gelato place on the street level and a dining area on the 2nd floor. We arrived around 3-4PM and were seating promptly. Employees are dressed in black and white outfits, the decor was themed and the menu was huge...maybe because they had a large wine/alcohol selection. 
We ordered the Spaghetti Alle Vongole (w/ clams), Linguine Al Granchio, Paccherio con Datterini Galli. The prices were reasonable for the overall experience. I loved my Paccherio con Datterini Galli dish, the Spagettii was pretty good, although the pasta was a bit undercooked, and the Linguine was good, but definitely not my favorite. 
For desert, we got the Sfogliatelle (pastry filled with ricotta) and the Creme Caramel. The pastry was a bit dry and I didn't really get the flavor of the ricotta.
5 Stars for great pasta! And great service!Gelato review
The best! Beats Capogiro too in my opinion! The portions are also generous and the waiters are all really friendly. 
I always get the chocolate gelato because I'm a simple person but their Nutella is really good too! They let you try the flavors before you buy too! 
The Gelato is on the first floor- buy for there or to go! 
Super cute date place too- will definitely need to check this place out again for lunch and brunch!Almost overwhelming menu as everything you'd ever want from Italy is here...but when it's delivered to your table, it's nothing you'd ever want to eat.
While looking over the menu, we ordered two mixed drinks; Negroni and an Aperol Spritz.  The Negroni was too heavy on the vermouth and had a full orange slice (a proper Negroni has a burned orange peel to bring out the oil in the skin).  The Aperol was missing the prosecco and bubbles.  We sent them both back and asked to have them removed from the bill, and ordered wine instead.
I started off with the prosciutto de parma and speck alto adage pgi plates.  Both were served in identical fashion, thin strips laid over a salad and on a wooden cutting board.  The salad had a purplish and thick dressing on it, resembled a balsamic like flavor, but way too sweet and overpowering for the light side salad.  It also had green olives in it that didn't fit the flavor profile.  At $9.50 per plate, this was way overpriced.
The "Salumi Sushi", I had the Friuli dish, prosciutto and strawberries wrapped in a roll and then sliced down like a sushi roll, a balsamic reduction in between.  Not a bad dish, but at $11 for the dish, it was again a little overpriced.
The Fritto Misto was average, but not what I was expecting for an authentic Italian restaurant.  The calamari and zucchini were good, but the shrimp were the really small previously frozen kind and ruined the dish.
The mozzarella dish was buffalo mozzarella, we chose "caprese".  It was 1/4 of a ball of mozzarella, then cut into 4 smaller pieces and placed at the corners of the plate while a tomato/green olive/pine nut mixture dominated the center of the plate.  At $11, I expect a whole ball of mozzarella (a ball of buffalo mozzarella costs $6 wholesale).  Huge failure here.  Just go to Di Bruno's down the street and get a full cheese serving if you're after a cheese plate.
Next up was their "ROME" special of the week.  The waiter explained that they picked a different region every week and featured dishes and wines specific to that region.  I opted to try the Spaghetti Carbonara.  What I received looked good, except for a scoop of bacon gelato on top.  The pasta itself was slightly overcooked, missing that slight "thickness" that properly cooked pasta in Italy has.  Maybe they're just using cheap boxed pasta instead of making it fresh?  The sauce was too much egg and not enough liquid, maybe by removing the bacon from the dish, they lost the bacon fat which kept the sauce thinner?  Combine the cool pasta temperature and the cold gelato on top, this dish was a huge failure.
The parmigiano ravioli also came with gelato on top.  This was supposed to be yellow tomato with basil but it tasted like some form of mango (and way too sweet).  Again, the cold gelato on top of the lukewarm pasta was an unpleasant combination.  The ravioli's were also overcooked and I'd swear they were a prepackaged and previously frozen pasta.  We ate one bite and left the dish.
The meal at this point was so disappointing, we skipped the post dinner espresso and the gelato they're famous for.  The check came to a shocking $180 with the tip, and we would have been hungry except for the pains in our stomach from the unpleasant meal...
The interior space is very nice looking.  We were told it was made in Italy, and then shipped here for assembly.  Impressive...but what would have been more impressive, and more effective, would have been to bring over an actual Italian chef instead of serving what tastes like pre-packaged pasta and foodservice prepared foods.Phenomenal lunch.  Multi course meal with bruschetta with mozzarella, speck w olives, cheese board, pera salad and carbonara with bacon savory gelato.  Followed up with dessert and coffee.  Pistachio gelato is the clear winner!I'm from Atlanta and I got the recommendation from yelp. Come to Philadelphia once a year  always during restaurant week   January to be specific. Ouch. Only thing that makes it pleasant is the food. I was very impressed with the service and the foo.  I got the  mortadella sushi, the boar meatballs, then  ravioli   Which came with truffle gelato.  when the ravioli came it was like what the heck is this. she said to mix it  around like you would large chunk of cold butter .  Was one of the most amazing raviolis i've ever had. For dessert I had the cherry gelato and pistachio gelato.  The flavor I would've  not normally ordered  but it was recommended  and Amazing. If you're in Center City this is a must go to the restaurant.Stopped in for coffee and dessert, my cappuccino very good , but my cheesecake was okay. I guess I didn't expect it to be warm, but the gelato made up for it !!! Our server was also extremely welcoming and helpful to recommendations on the menu.Place is fantastic. Came in with a party of 5. Upstairs seating gives you a european feel. Great food, excellent drinks menu. Most importantly, loved the service. Every employee seemed pleasant, professional and happy to help. Keep it up guys. Compliments to the management ans staff for creating such a solid environment. Have been here a few times before at the first floor part of the restaurant, and will definitely come back for more food and gelatos.I would love to give this place 5 stars.  The food is great and the gelato is amazing!  While the portion sizes are small compared to "normal" american size entrees, I actually find the size perfect.  The only complaint I have it the service is at times a little slow.  If you have no place to be, then it's not a problem.  So, just plan accordingly!  You won't regret it.Very good food, completely chaotic service and environment. Three of us had dinner last night based on the positive previous experience of one of us. I think the kitchen really has its act together, but the front of the house does not do the food justice. The layout is confusing, with the host station directly in front of the take out gelato. We were taken upstairs - the place is huge! and seated. Our overly familiar waiter took our drink orders, then corrected them. Told us that we really didn't want the two glasses of Pinot Grigio; he could do better for us. When our drinks were delivered, he didn't tell us what we had been served nor the cost. He then disappeared. We had to ask the manager to find someone to take our dinner order. The manager sent an assistant manager who could barely write down our order. Bread arrived, without any olive oil. Olive oil arrive but the vessel was so jammed with rosemary and other delicious things that the server couldn't even pour it. First part of the order arrived and was wrong. That was sent back. The food that came was very good, but I'm sure that the slog from the kitchen across the first floor, up the stairs, and across the second floor had a negative impact on our pasta dishes. That being said, the gnocchi were delicious.
No one ever refilled our water, checked our bread, etc and no one ever cleared our dishes, brought us a check, etc. We had to ask another server to find our check.
On our way out, we considered sharing our experience wtih the manager, but at the very moment we were going to do so, we saw him climb onto the serving counter and help himself to a spoonful of gelato, and jump down again. Anyone who would behave like that in a restaurant full of customers clearly doesn't really care about their experience.
Great pasta; delicious gelato but really disappointing service.Had a great experience here about a month ago or so. Tried their Italian beer to drink and it was decent. We started with some bruschette, which I certainly recommend. For the main course I got the pappardelle al ragu aquilano. This was just pasta with veal and chicken. It was really good, but the portions are too small here and the taste sort of reminded me of chef boyardee. My gf got the gnocchi, which was fantastic. Deff get this. For desert we got some gelato and that was really good as well. About a $100 dinner tab for a couple of drinks, an appetizer, 2 courses and some desert. A little pricy for the amount of food you get, but they definitely deliver on quality. The only complaints I had about here was the dinner bread they serve is not great and the portions are small. I would recommend this place for italian food though. Also, I should mention the server. He was super friendly, attentive and did an excellent job. He did have a thick accent so it was a little hard to understand him, but it was not a big deal.OMG. Definitely something to add to my list of Philly favorites! I wanted to eat everything on the menu!!! I have a feeling I will be coming here often.Very helpful and knowledge wait staff. Fun. Great food and drink. A lot of choice. Top notch.Excellent Tagliatelle Alla Panna. Attentive service. Reserve in advance or try to find space at a bar.The atmosphere here is amazing. So relaxing and comfortable. 
Delicious food --loved the chef's specialty.Il miglior risotto allo zafferano mai mangiato. Zafferano dell'Aquila e gelato allo zafferano top.Had a very enjoyable lunch. Surprised at the decor and Italian inspired ambiance.   Wait staff was friendly, helpful and efficient.  Reasonably priced and exceptionally fresh food.  A+!!!This place is like being in Italy. The food is unpretentious and well done, but the service is very lacking.
We sat for almost twenty minutes before we flagged someone down to get some service.  Once we got their attention things were a little better, but the staff needs quite a bit of training to be at the same level as the food.
It's a nice place to stop in for a drink and a bite after work or on the weekend. I will certainly give them another try to see if they've worked out the links in their service.We dined here on a Saturday night, unknowingly during restaurant week, which should have probably been disastrous but surprisingly was not.  Due to a slight hiccup in our seating, we ended up at the upstairs bar for about 10 minutes. This gave us an opportunity to order a bottle of wine while waiting for table. Had a solid baby Brunello which followed us to the table. With four of us we decided to order a few small plates and sides to start.  Calamari zucchini and shrimp lightly battered and perfectly fried, sautéed mushrooms, roasted pepper caponata with Burrata and a mixed salad was a great way to start the evening. I can only tell you that I had a pappardelle with a mixed meat Bolognese that was outstanding. My dinner companions all had wonderful things to say about their mains. One was a vegetarian and she found the menu to be more than accommodating. Overall a really outstanding experience with great attentive service. We will be back.To date, I've been here five times (their restaurant in the upper floor, not the cafe in the lower floor) and left each time with nothing but satisfaction. Their weekly themes are a pleasure to see, allowing guests to eat their way across the cities of Italy.
While the whole of their food offerings are excellent, they shine most in their gelato pairings. They have a subset within their menu in which they pair their dishes with servings of gastronomic gelatos that they've created to heighten the flavors and bodies of dishes. Their lamb skewers with mustard gelato are a treat, with the coarse texture of whole mustard seeds complimenting the meat. Their carbonara is elevated with a scoop of bacon gelato, which gradually melts into a a thick salty sweet sauce that gently coats the pasta. Their fresh raw oysters are complimented by a mohito gelato that adds a creative twist to the usual lemon juice that's used to add a slight acidity to the shellfish. 
In addition to their gelato pairings, I've found their meat and cheese servings to be excellent. Though they do serve high quality traditional meats such as hams and salamis, they also have a number of unique offerings: one of which I can remember was a very pleasant beef prosciutto. The rest of their assagi (analogous to Spanish tapas) dishes are also worth trying, notably their Sicilian octopus which has been the most tender octopus dish I have had to date.
Their wine menu is definitely worth looking at, as they stock an impressive library of imported Italian wines. I was never one for Italian wines, but I have yet to be dissatisfied by any of the suggested wine pairings given by the host.
For dessert, you can't go wrong with ordering one of their coffees or espressos to drink along with their gelatos. I haven't had a gelato at Gran Caffe L'Aquila that I was displeased with, but their rum infused gelato is one of my favorites.We had a wonderful meal and Matthew was a great waiter. Friendly and informative staff, lovely selection of entrees, spirits and gelato. Nice atmosphere, too. I've been in Philly for a week and had lots of good food but this was my favorite.Had a wonderfully relaxed first date here two weeks ago. Very private and quiet atmosphere. Great coffee. The menu has something for everyone. 
The date went so well that I left my phone behind. When I returned to pick it up, the restaurant was beginning its Friday evening dinner rush. Darren, the manager was super accommodating, as was the honest server who found it.Finally tried the pasta in the upstairs restaurant and was very very happy with the Tagiatelle with cream and speck and the Mushroom Gnocchi.  Both are made with a cream sauce and the pasta is incredibly tender and the toppings ratio just right.  The speck was flavorful and crispy and perfectly balanced by a sprinkling of fresh peas.  The crab linguine was solid but the cream-based pastas were definitely the highlights.  The bread presentation with an individual plating of EVOO, pepper, and Parmesan was also great - plus the panne was incredibly soft and fresh with a flavorful crust.  Of course, the desserts were amazing.  Try the banana bread pudding with fior de latte gelato - the pudding is tender with a crispy crust and a great combination with the creamy gelato.  Service was fantastic and among the best in Phila.  Definitely a must-visit!The food here is cheap and good. Waiters and waitress are nice. They introduce every customers with the history of the restaurant. Wonderful restaurant!Absolutely the best coffee in philly. Such a great way to start the morning. Love everything about this restaurant coffee entrees and gelato.I've been here a handful of times, most recently this weekend.  I love Italian food, but the menu can be overwhelming for those who don't speak Italian or know what they want. It's not of those that has tons or words all too close together and half in Italian.  My parents were overwhelmed and I had to sort of narrow it down and explain options to them. Also, vegetarian options were hard to identify, though the waiter was a help when we asked. 
The portions are small for the price, given the atmosphere downstairs.  I don't like wearing jeans and pumps and playing $17 for 3.5oz of pasta.  Appetizers are delicious, but also small so order enough. This is the only restaurant I've been to recently that when ordering 4 appetizers didn't quite have enough for a party of 8. 
The food is delicious, and if you are willing to venture outside of traditional Italian dishes you will find some new gems. But you may need to hunt to find them.Decided to stop in for happy hour to check out this new establishment on Chestnut. We went straight to the upstairs bar and love the decor: cozy yet sophisticated. Warning: bar front is low-you will bump your knees
Bartender while fairly new to the array of wines offered was friendly and unassuming. The wine was delicious and pricing very fair for Center City. My one -1 star is for no HH specials, there are simply too many great happy hour spots to return to one without.
Despite that, I will certainly be returning to try dinner as all the dishes looked delicious and had great reviews from everyone around us.One of the best restaurants I have ever been to. First off, the service was phenomenal. Everyone was super friendly, never wanted for anything. Second, the food was to die for. We had an appetizer of the eggplant bruschetta, which was undoubted the best bruschetta I've ever eaten in my life. For the main course we split the gnocchi and also a plate of their carbonara. Definitely did not disappoint! Way above anything I was hoping or expecting. Lastly, we had gelato, which was mouthwatering. Absolutely would recommend to anyone coming to Philly!  Best Italian I have had in as long as I can remember!This review is soley for service and gnocchi.
Service was top notch, both of them really friendly and great/ easy to talk to -- had some great conversations about culinary school, and our ridiculous healthcare / tax / student loans.. etc system in America.. and everything in between
The gnocchi -- dare I say.. one of the top 3 gnocchis I've ever had in my LIFE? I'm sorry I don't mean to overhype.. but I love gnocchi. I almost always order it at every restaurant that offers it, usually ending in disappointment. But this one was well executed. Really soft, melt in your mouth pillows, in a nice creamy cheesy sauce with mushrooms -- simple -- but what's not to love.
I only wish I had room for gelato.. but there will be a next time! :)I am not pointing any fingers or calling any names but the GM Darren should be flipping burgers at Burger King (if he is capable of such a task) not manage a beautiful place like Gran Caffee L'Aquila. His actions reflects upon his personal interest which has no logic or legitimate reasonings behind it, not for the greater good of the place. I vouch to never step foot into this place ever again, Even if I had to use the bathroom... I'd rather shit myself.The food was delicious, the drinks were crisp and the gelato was perfection. Unfortunately, we were unable to enjoy any of it because the service was awful. Our server forgot our order, things were late and he seemed to just not care. There wasn't a manager in sight to even ask if we were doing alright. He was a great talker and quite the entertainer. He even gave us a 5-10 minute history of the restaurant and lay out of the menu, but that did nothing to enhance our experience because we waited 10-15 minutes for drinks we ordered and then we had issues with food coming in at different times, forgetting dessert orders and then coming 10 mins later. Finally, the icing on the cake was that he brought me a drink I forgot I had ordered because it was nearly 20 mins before as we were getting our check.I ordered takeout via PostMates so just upfront this wasn't an in-house dining review.
We got the cremia or whatever the Ceaser salad is called here, which basically tasted like something you would get pre packaged out of those plastic containers at a cafeteria or to-go kiosk at an airport, not bad but just very average and honestly below average for a place like this. We also got the eggplant bruschetta which was interesting and unique but not something I would order again you have to really love the taste of eggplant I think the flavors are very strong so I would recommend this to anyone who is big on eggplant. The mushroom gnocchi which was made well and smelled amazing but tasted a little bland and heavy, plus it was a super small portion my wife is from Europe where potions are generally about 1/2 here and even she was surprised at the small size, and finally the caprese sandwich which was probably the best of the bunch but even that was just average, I've had much better at small little local places or even just wrapped up for takeout at the Italian Deli. Also, they gave us a few pieces of bread but no olive oil or herbs or anything to dip it in, which the previous Italian restaurant that serves this we ordered take out from did include in the take out order. I'd probably give it a 3.5 if it was more reasonably priced but the cost dropped it down to a 3. I'm typically a generous reviewer and don't like giving 1-3 on yelp either since I know how it can effect a business, so I don't give this rating lightly.Best Italian place I've ever been! The gelato is to DIE for and the portions were just the right size. We had an appetizer, two meals and two desserts for less than $70. So worth it! I'll definitely be back!Soon after sitting down, the waiter loudly yelled at a bus boy for the whole restaurant to hear (something about a dish not being plated correctly). This definitely ruined our appetite.   The food was okay at best, but not good enough to make up for the pompous staff.My friend recommended this restaurant awhile ago so we decided to try it for Valentine's Day since we usually eat Italian. We arrived earlier than our reservation but were seated anyway. Our waitress was very friendly and patient. She spent a lot of time going through the whole menu with us and answered questions and offered suggestions since I was indecisive as usual. 
My husband and I both ordered the sgroppino drink with lemon sorbetto, mint, prosecco, and lemoncino vodka. It was delicious and refreshing. Usually I have to get a different drink than my husband so that way I can steal some of his drink and drink mine, but I'm glad we both the same thing this time because it was too good to share. 
I got the agnoletti al tartufo as my first dish. It was melt in your mouth pillowy soft. It was delicious, and the truffle gelato melting on it added a nice creaminess to it. My husband got bigoli pasta in a duck ragu, which was really good as well. 
I got the duck flambé as my entree. I really liked the blood orange sauce that came on the duck. It did seem slightly overcooked I think however. I'm used to it being cooked medium or medium rare and very tender. This duck was somewhat hard to cut into with my knife and was on the tough side, and looked like it was cooked medium well. It was good but not the best duck I have had. The potatoes and asparagus that came with it were kind of bland too, and some of the potatoes were burnt. My husband ordered the veal saltimboca and really enjoyed his dinner though.
For dessert we each got 2 scoops of gelato. I got the cherry mixed with dark chocolate, and he got dark chocolate mixed with the valentine chocolate strawberry flavor. It was very smooth and creamy, we both really enjoyed it. I also got a cappuccino with caramel, but I liked my husband's espresso with mint and cocoa better. I'm making him try to make me the same thing with our ninja coffee machine this weekend. 
We both had a great time and enjoyed our meal. If we came back I would probably stick to just pasta and gelato.OMGOSH. BEST GELATO EVER. I'M NOT EXAGGERATING.
their food is amazing too, but i think the gelato is where this place shines. 
2 other friends and i all audibly reacted to the pistachio gelato. the taste is different from other pistachio gelatos but so good. the cherry was good too. 
food wise... really delicious. 
black truffle gelato ravioli was a delicious experience. having gelato on pasta. try it!
grilled lamb skewers. yum. well seasoned and cooked so it's juicy and tender.
meatballs were good too, but didn't blow my mind (i don't think a meatball really can)
the free bread is on point too. basically most food here is bomb.
So.. check this place out for good italian food, but DEFINITELY stop by for dessert gelato if you are nearby!Local indicatomi by a lady known street in which I asked for information, as the best coffee in town, I went with my family and indeed the coffee, which for us must be strictly Italian espresso, and 'incredibly good occasion we had the pleasure of meeting one of the owners, Michele, who was very friendly and helpful in explaining what he wants to be the GREAT COFFEE L'AQUILA, a place where the pursuit of culinary is the host, so much so that we went back again for dinner tasting their specialties the black risotto with cuttlefish with their ice cream on top, and I must say that I consider it one of the best three dishes I've ever had !!!! Congratulations to Michele  and staff members !!! Thank youI stumbled upon this place one night when me and the boyfriend wanted coffee. We decided that their prices were too expensive for a simple cup of coffee so we went to a starbucks , however while we were there we sampled a few flavors of gelato, vanilla caramel and chocolate hazelnut to be exact. The taste and texture of just those small samples is what brought me back. EACH and EVERY time I go back the gelao taste just as great. Sooo delicious. Ive never been one to eat geloato before, I was more of a regular ice cream and water ice kinda girl, but seriously I'm converted. By the way this place serves better gelato than that other gelato place whats its name???? Doesnt matter. Ive been to both locations 20th Walnut and 13th and Samson and it still doesnt compare. Either way, just try it!!!! You WONT be disappointed.Came for a long lunch. Desserts are ok (not super authentic as they make it sound), gelato is to die for. Lunch meals and main courses are meh... a little on the sweet side
Service was good. Waitress did good to sell and up sell - well trained. Food arrived promptly. Never waited more than a few minutes to get anything.
Overall an ok Italian experience. I'd return for gelato but not for food.Our party of 8 dined here for a business lunch yesterday.  We had a 12:30pm reservation and were seated immediately at a long half-booth by the window.
There is a more casual cafe downstairs, but the main restaurant is upstairs, where we were taken.  The dining room is broken up into various sections, with varying decor in each, but the lovely atmosphere ties it all together.
Our server was excellent -- very sharp, attentive, and friendly.  He had a warm personality, and did an outstanding job taking care of our party.
The menu is vast, with many great Italian dishes and beverages to choose from.  I recommend perusing it ahead of time if you are able to.  (I always try to do that any time I dine somewhere different for the first time, but regrettably did not get the chance before this visit!)
Food was fresh and tasty.  Everything was the perfect temperature, nicely and cleanly plated, and just the right portions.  Prices were not outrageous.
Our table shared multiple orders of Tomato & Basil Bruschette and Fritto Misto -- both of which were delicious.  My entree was the Linguine al Granchio, which was a bit heavy on the tomato and light on the crab, but good nonetheless.  For dessert I had the refreshing Pesca e Mango Gelato (peach and mango sorbet).
Restrooms are located at the back of the restaurant.
This was a positive experience, and I am looking forward to going back!How cute is this place!! An adorable Italian cafe and restaurant for coffee, pastry, gelato, and food lovers, in general. We stopped here for lunch today and had a great experience. The service was so personable, although a little bit on the slow side - pretty authentic European if you ask me. 
I ordered their special Roman Egg Drop soup and soaked it up with the delicious house bread. Both were complimented with great olive oil, parmesan cheese, and fresh cracked black pepper. We split a lavender panna cotta for dessert and it was just delicious.
I have to also mention that this cafe is BEAUTIFUL and really clean and appealing.
I can't wait to come back here all of the time for the affordable coffee, beautiful pastries, and mouth-watering Italian gelato (some of which is infused with alcohol yay!).Atmosphere was great. Service was excellent. Food was good. Portion of food was small for the cost. Don't expect to be full from a $50 meal. This is more like an high end appetizer restaurant with mostly dessert style dishes. They have a large wine collection. Gelato is what they are known for, so that is a must have. The gelatos were smooth and rich with flavor.Umm, so I'm not at all sure about the glowing 5 stars for this place, especially for dining. Quick story: me and a colleague meet here after work. We started with Happy Hour, then stayed for dinner. The Happy Hour servings were satisfying, so I won't harp on that. Dinner however was not. I ordered the lamb skewers, which seemed as if they'd been sitting under a heating lamp, waiting for some sucker to order them. Said sucker was lucky enough to have the first one at lukewarm, but the others were already near frostbite by the time I finished that one. 2nd offense: I watch enough "Chopped" to know that lamb should be cooked to medium temp. Someone in the kitchen apparently missed those episodes, because I was served thrice cooked lamb. The meat was so tough I struggled to remove it from the skewer. Not wanting more of a workout, I saved the other half for my sweet pup. Fastfoward an hour... poor thing, her chiuaua chops didn't fare any better. At first bite, she glared at me, but continued to chew. Getting nowhere fast, she spit the lamb out, which by the way was still undisturbed, and started to paw at it for a few minutes until it was edible (now why didn't I think of that). 
The moral of the story: save the $16 and buy your dog a less expensive bag of treats instead.
4 stars for the Happy Hour mussels. -6 for the tougher than rubber lamb. Sorry Mary.My boyfriend and I went to Gran Caffe for our Valentine's Day diner, and it blew us out of the water. I ordered the clams with pasta and he ordered the duck with potatoes and both dishes were superb. We split the shrimp appetizer and caprese salad. They were FANTASTIC. I would love to come back here with a group of friends and order lots of stuff on the menu. The desserts were also AMAZING. The head chef is the reigning gelato champion of the world and the gelato was creamy and wonderful. There are also other desserts that can be paired with the gelato and, because the head chef also does the gelato, there are savory gelato options that can be paired with entrees. I highly recommend this restaurant. The inside is gorgeous and the staff is funny and social, but also timely and professional. Great restaurant. Great food and great service.A taste of Italy in the center of Philadelphia. But calling it a "taste" does not do it justice. Gran Caffe is a fully immersive experience that transports you to a caffe in Italy. Gelato from a gelato master, coffee that puts everyone else to shame, and every ounce of food made with the flavor of Italy. Not to mention that the staff is exemplary. Do yourself a favor and try the ricotta cheesecake and feel your jaw drop. You'll be back here for sure.Posto eccellente così come il cibo, oggi ho preso cotoletta alla milanese e risotto allo zafferano con il gelato allo zafferano dell'Aquila! Pazzesco. Prendete  anche il Caffè aroma Napoli che e' la ciliegina sulla torta!A terrific place marred by indifferent and often dismissive service  at the coffee bar.  Love the "European" feel but not the "European" service. Mars what is really a gem.Everything is delicious and service is top notch! To add, price is very reasonable. Our server was Carlos, he was welcoming and attentive. We had the clams as appetizer, the sauce was simple and delicious! Then we ordered pastas and main course. The rigatoni was memorable.The server was very short with us for showing up near close and the hot coco was more like a soup of a melted Hershey bar.. neither a beverage nor delicious.. I also had to put alot of sugar in my coffee to make it bearable.. not the evening European cafe vibe I was hoping for.I had dined in the downstairs before but ate upstairs for the first time and was very impressed with the great selection of Italian foods.  Dined with a table of four and was very enamored with the uber attentive waitstaff and the delicious food.  Loved the gnocchi, the carbonara, the linguini with clam sauce and the crab pasta.  Didn't have room left over to try the gelato so I will have to come back at another time. Once you get upstairs the ambiance is very inviting but suggestion to management to romanticize the very uninviting industrial looking steps leading up to the main space.Wonderful food, service, and atmosphere at upstairs restaurant area.  Make sure to get the Barrata Mozzarella with prosciutto and tomato.Go elsewhere, don't waste your money & time at this establishment.  Worse service ever & they are racist here.  If your are not blonde hair & blue eyes, they will stare at you giving you & your entire party the nastiest look.  Worse experience ever.  Can totally relate to those 1 star bad reviews on here for this place.I have to start by saying that other than a big love of all things Italian and the fact that I stalked this place as it was being built, and hope it remains successful, I hold no stake or stock in the restaurant even though my raving review will make you think someone paid me to say these things. I tried to cut this short but just couldn't so stick it out, read on, and enjoy Gran Caffe'!
Since the Caffe' opened in December, I don't think I've missed a week (it is conveniently near my office)  so I've tried a lot of food, beverages, and desserts on the menu and I can't say enough about it.
When you walk in you can completely suspend reality and pretend you are right in Italy. The decor is gorgeous and it is set up downstairs just like an Italian Caffe'. The upstairs elegant dining room continues the effect with Italian books on the shelves. Then when you take a sip of espresso, you will really think you have flown to Italy! This coffee, in my opinion is the best in America...imported and roasted right on the premises.  The Italian wine menu is so thorough, extensive, and varied and the prices are amazing for Center City. 
Now on to the food. This is true blue from Italy Italian. No fettucine alfredo here!!! The food is so fresh that I've tasted foods here that I can otherwise be a little leery of eating. I haven't had a bite of anything that wasn't delicious. There is always a weekly special menu highlighting a certain town in Italy. Everything is so unique. A couple of my favorites were the Florentine steak (served on a cutting board-very creative) and the pici which because it is hand rolled it is very hard to find on a menu here in the US. The pasta is all hand made in house and incredible. I also had a Food Network moment with a warm melon dish where my tongue was tasting the whole spectrum of flavors which I always thought was so funny on those competition shows and now I know it can happen. I can't say enough about the time and care put into the recipes and the execution.  On the standard menu the gnocchi melt in your mouth and the zuppe di pesce makes one of my friends want to stand up and applaud the chef! The eggplant parmigiana is perfect. The crab cakes are also a treat. Then there is the gelato, made by the World Master (really, no joke). This gelato is better than any I tasted in Italy. Each type is so saturated with fresh flavors that you think you are eating the actual food it is named after. The pistacchio tastes like the actual nuts, the fondente tastes like a delicious dark chocolate bar, you get the idea. So many flavors to choose from also. It is truly an art.
The wait staff work hard and do a great job in a big place with 2 floors to serve. Shout out to Rob, Matthew, Taka, Agnieszka, Sam, and Luciano is at the bar! You can even come here for cultural classes and an occasional Italian karaoke night. So, if you need a moment in Italy and can't get there right now, head over to Gran Caffe', you won't be disappointed! Ciao.I don't drink coffee so can't comment on that product. It's a good venue with indoor and outdoor seating. They have pastries and gelato. I tried the cannoli, which was ok. I she'll was crispy but I didn't love the filling. I was going to try their hot chocolate until I noticed that a cup cost $6.50. Prefer Tremi Brother's cannoli but overall it's a nice cafe to stop into if you are in the area.The concept of gelato paired with the dish is ingenious. The carbonara did not disappoint. Thr Caesar salad and mussels were good but guess their specialty is the gelato.   Service and ambiance are good.I absolutely love this place!  It's got a fun neighborhood vibe, great food and cool staff.  It's become my "go-to" restaurant.  My only complaint is that they're not on open table.  Highly recommend!!This place is a gem. Delicious food with a menu that changes often while retaining a core group of dishes. 
Pasta made fresh, coffee roasted and ground, gelato hand made. Yum. 
Reasonable prices, polished staff, great location.   Liquor is a bit pricey - $13.50 for a premium vodka martini. 
Come early if you like a quiet meal. Place fills up around 7 and gets noisy.
Don't know what Matt E's gripe is about. I have traveled extensively in Italy and used to live in Little Italy in Manhattan. Still dine there frequently. I just had the paparadell that he found inedible and with a sauce from a grocery stores shelf. I found it to be delicious as did my wife. I believe his opinion is a small minority.Fantastic Italian atmosphere, 4/5 as the bar stools are really awkward against the bar. Otherwise, fantastic.I have eaten several amazing meals here. The service is always friendly. Admittedly, sometimes the service is slow. The food more than makes up for it though. I always order off the weekly menu and I am never disappointed. The deserts are to die for especially the lavander panacotta. We always have a great time because we are never in a rush when we go. Take your time, enjoy the food and drinks, and bring good company and you will always leave happy!Chiming in on a review that I came across for this establishment about racism. I visited on June 9, 2018 and chose this since it was in close proximity to my hotel in Center City. I met two ditzy hostesses that body checked me in the weirdest manner and led me all the way to the back of the restaurant after telling them I wanted coffee and a snack. It was around 11AM and there were only three parties in total sprawled across the restaurant. Strike 1: what makes you think I want to sit in a dimly lit area when it is bright and 80 degrees outside?
They told me to go all the way in the back, so I oblige since I'm hungry. I wait and the blond waitress with a bun refuses to acknowledge us. She glares and looks pissed and angrily questions, "Do you plan to order or something?" Strike 2: she watches us sit, stares at us, refuses to initiate conversation, sees us looking around for a menu, senses our confusion, and when she does approach us, she gives the nastiest attitude. Sorry for thinking you could serve me? Like what?
We tell her we're waiting to see a menu. At this point, she questions why we didnt get one. I'm baffled at this point. Instead of giving us one, she goes to the hostesses only for one of them to come back to make a point about getting coffee? It was intrusive, and only added to my level of discomfort. Strike 3.
The waitress returns and throws a single menu at us. A single menu for two people. Strike 4.
This was the most uncomfortable experience. Everyone there was white and my skin is tan. It was cold and uninviting since the moment I came in. I left after she threw the menu. Before leaving I had taken a look at my surroundings. The people at the bar were conversing with the patrons seated there. The hostesses were nice to lighter skinned people. Our waitress just didnt want to serve brown skinned people, since it's apparently so beneath her. 
I called to speak with a manager and was interrogated so much before I finally was able to. The people working there realized how big they screwed up, and the hostesses were prying so hard to figure out who I was and why I need a manager. Ned, the manager, apologized and told me to give them another chance. After reading the lower ratings for this place I am certain this place needs to address why its staff treats darker skinned people so poorly in comparison to its caucasian customers. 
Its 2018. If you're still branded as a racist in America then I wish you luck, but you are not going to see any good come out of this.We knew we were in for an amazing meal when the waiter started off with a brief history of the restaurant. Also, there's a gelato champion who prepares the gelato! There's a bar on the first floor, and the fancier tables/seating is upstairs, which is where we were seated. They have a large selection of smaller portion dishes for sharing, as well as full entrée sized dishes. 
For dinner, we ordered the Tomato & Basil bruschettA, Paccheri Con Datterini Gialli, Pappardelle Al Ragu Aquilano and the Zuppa di Pesce. Every dish was so flavorful! The portions were on the smaller side, but worked out for us because we were saving room for dessert :) 
We ordered the Paccheri as is (no meat or seafood added), and the sauce was delicious! The Pappardelle was a little heavier, with more meat in the dish, which was SO tender. The Zuppa di Pesce's mussels were delicious and so fresh! We were so content with our dinner! 
For dessert, we tried the Caffe (coffee) gelato and the lemon sorbet gelato. We also shared a Tiramisu. I only ever had gelato once before, so I didn't have much to compare this to, but the gelato was so soft and not too creamy (which I really appreciated). The Tiramisu was one of the best I've tried.
All in all, excellent service, amazing food, and I would 100% go back when I'm in town!
Also, all the waiters wear fedoras which we thought was adorable.Coffee was okay... But their Desert was miserable. I felt like eating uncooked pasta. I told a guy about its weired taste and he did nothing. It might has been so long after being cooked.As we walked in with our baby stroller i felt so unwelcome.  There was a table with a baby in tow nearby.  It just seemed we were looked down upon.  I refused to let it bother me and opted to try a dessert item.  The tiramisu was just so-so.  I've had a much better one (if not the best) from Nomad in South Philly, yes from a pizza place.  The space makes it seem as though you've traveled to Italy, nice but tight.  Maybe i'll give them another chance.So this review is not on the pasta with the savory gelato, which is an interesting concept. I will need to return and try the crab cake with gelato, as well as the pasta with gelato. 
This review is on the gelato alone. Though I still prefer Capogiro Gelato for their greater variety of flavors and taste, this place has quality ingredients. I ordered the Kinderino, which was filled with Kinder chocolate love. I thought this flavor was a little on the sweeter side, but it's Kinder. The Desire had good vanilla flavor with maraschino cherries. If you're a fan of those preserved, sweetened cherries, this is the flavor for you. I wasn't blown away by the gelato here but I have to say, it's creamy, smooth, and I can taste the quality ingredients.
Savory gelato and Italian desserts for another day.Fun vibe! The decor, food and wine are wonderful! My server was very knowledgable and attentive! Great place for dinner, drinks, espresso and especially gelato! Very delicious! Owner even stopped by my table!I honestly do not understand why this place has the reputation and rating that it does. The meal i had here was immensely dissapointing, bland, and uninspiring. From start to finish, each dish failed to taste even somewhat satisfying. I would compare the quality of food i had tonight to olive garden...or worse. I had their special entree, it was beef over risotto, which is apparetly highly regarded, and it honestly sucked. The appetizers were mediocre. The calamari tasted like italian take out, and the veal stuffed rice balls contained no actual meat, and tasted amazingly bland. I would not recommend this place to anyone. The only reason why I am giving it 2 stars was because our server Ken was very nice and I am thankful for his service.This restaurant is definitely not what you expect when you see it from the outside. It looks like a small coffee shop/bakery, but it has so much more to offer. Once you get inside you'll notice that the space is huge! It has a gelato window in the front and a very long bar in the back with high top tables. There's also an upstairs with a ton of seating and another bar. 
There's a lot of items on the menu, from grilled octopus and burrata to different pastas, chicken, veal, and desserts. 
I most recently came for happy hour and had some prosecco and a creme brûlée. 
I would definitely recommend checking this place out! I think it has a lot more to offer than what people expect when they first see it.I love Gran Caffe. They have a beautiful atmosphere, their service is great, their pastas are amazing, their selection is HUGE, and their dessert gelato is incredible.  Their award-winning savory gelato is definitely something you should try if you consider yourself a foodie. Their sfogliatelle as well as their ricotta cheesecake are definitely desserts for the books - I still think about them sometimes. By far, the best Italian place I've been to in Philly - hands down.We had a great dinner here! Excellent wine selection, the burrata was to die for, and don't even get me started on the pappardelle with ragu. Follow up the meal with gelato and you won't be disappointed. Will definitely go back!This was just a great experience. Our waitress, Andre was amazing. Food was to die for. The staff was the most pleasant.The sweets are amazing! The ambience is really casual and inviting, it has this cozy and authentic feel to it, it's a most like walking into a coffee bar in Milano but with a touch of American service style. The espresso wasn't as good though. So only four star for me.The past two visits to Gran Caffe, I will rate 5 stars.
The third visit, which was last night... maybe like a 1.
I took my father based on my good experience with the restaurant.
I gave 2 stars for the attentiveness of my server and the gelato.
The spaghetti alla vongole was nothing like what I had 2 weeks ago. (My second visit)
It was literally slathered with oil. Gross... we were wiping our mouths after every bite.
Portion of the Carbonara was about a size of a child's palm. $15.6 for a pasta
that barely fills a belly of a petite diner should be unacceptable, considering the portions were vastly different when I visited the restaurant early March.
I understand yesterday was a busy night for the restaurant,
but for this price range, the presentation of the dishes (inconsistency in quality, taste, drastically reduced portion) were unacceptable.
There was barely a chance to voice our concerns.. the place was PACKED and the servers were literally running around so I felt a bad. 
Very huge disappointment.I've been to Italy before and have had authentic Italian cuisine and this place gets pretttty close. The portions are just the right size - its perfect. The staff seems to know their Italian regions pretty well - I was impressed to say the least. Three things that stood out to me: cheese board, olive oil that was offered with bread, and the gelato. These has some of the most delicious and rich flavors - I loved it. I think the gelato might be better than Capogiro!!In town just for a couple days and wanted to check out some Italian food. WOW what a great pick! Appropriate ambience for a cafe/bistro. Very nice and friendly service and great food. My wife a their lunch sampler menu and was very happy. I had beef short rib over pasta special that was amazing. They are very creative with their use of gelatos in their menus and they are very good. Save room for desert!!!!1Decided last minute to eat an early dinner here with a friend on a Saturday. The ambiance is nice and cozy. I got the savory gelato carbonara. I kind of expected it to be more than just carbonara, but that was my own fault! We both got gelato for dessert and were both in awe with how amazing it was.  
On another note, this place lost a star because of the awful outfits the waiters have to wear. Great service and extremely informative, but I just felt bad for them wearing the ridiculous fedoras. Felt faux-Italian more than anything else. 
With all that being said I would definitely go back, would love to try more on the menu.Sat in the cafe for dinner. Probably would have been better to sit in the restaurant, but that was our choice and can't fault them for that. The food was very tasty with good portions for the price you pay. The dishes are made to share which is great because you can sample a lot. Their gnocchi was FANTASTIC! And as an after dinner treat, the Nutella frappe was great. Coffee was awesome, gelato was awesome, THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!! Great service and food. A definite return venueFood was OK, portions are small.  I call this fu-fu Italian food, not real Italian food.  The gelato is more like ice cream then real gelato,I've been here twice. First time was an early afternoon where I sat at the bar with 
Y friend and had wine and tapas. 
Second time was for dinner on a busy Friday night. They were both great experiences. Service is excellent. Every staff member has a nice/strong personality without being invasive. 
The food is amazing!!! When I come back, it'll be for dinner because there's more food! Great atmosphere!Loved the decor, very cozy place.  Great service with knowledgable staff.  Ordered a bottle of wine and a handful of shared dishes.  The gnocchi and eggplant parm dishes were stand outs.  Everything was very good though.  Did not get to order one of the pasta dishes topped with gelato, I think I need more time to wrap my head around that concept, maybe one day... Also, usually no wait for a table so let's keep this place between you and me ;)So inconsistent. One night I find myself raving about this place and then the next time I'm there I have a completely different experience.This place is absolutely DELICIOUS! Had a great time here eating amazing food. My friend and I came around lunch time on Thursday and it was not too packed, but there were still a decent amount of people. The hostess seemed a bit disorganized, so we waited about 15 minutes to get seated because nobody was manning the front stand. Everyone was so nice and hospitable though, so it wasn't a big deal. 
1. Get the lamb skewers! Literally amazing. They are a bit on the salty side, but the skewers are so tender and so flavorful. Definitely my favorite dish out of everything we ordered.
2. We also ordered a prosciutto dish that had olives and some type of cracker underneath. I wasn't a huge fan of the olives (I don't actually like most olives) but the prosciutto literally melts in your mouth. Everything at this restaurant is so good! 
3. I got the bacon carbonara. At first I was a bit confused about why there was a dollop of gelato in the dish, but it somehow works! The pasta is great and again, a bit on the salty side, but still delicious. 
4. I ordered a glass of the moscato which was also fantastic. Not too sweet but still so flavorful. For dessert, I got the amoretto gelato. It had a nice texture and taste like some kind of cookie- would highly recommend. You can go up to the gelato counter and try any of the flavors, just ask for a sample! I tried several and they were all delicious. 
The menu is huge and just from what we ordered this time around, I will definitely be coming back to try new things. Just watching the plates come out of the kitchen, there are so many other items at this restaurant I want to try. I would HIGHLY recommend coming here. The atmosphere is pretty casual, but in a way that you can still take a date here and it would seem classy. Our order of 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, a glass of wine, and a medium and small gelato came out to be around 85 USD, which I thought was a pretty fair price considering HOW MUCH food we ordered, the large portion sizes, and how amazing the food was !! 
The only true complaint I have is that the tables in this restaurant are so tiny!There are four kinds of people writing reviews for this place: People who think Olive Garden is a real Italian restaurant and use "al dente" to sound sophisticated, people from New York who'll probably tell you Vetri (not affiliated with this restaurant, but Cucina Vetri was named the best Italian restaurant in the country over NYC restaurants) can't cook, people who give one star for bad service who I don't think have really been here because I've been here probably seven times and not had one bad experience, and people who appreciate great food and the unique dining experience.
The worst thing that's ever happened to me here is we had to sit at the bar because it was THAT busy. This caused the service to be semi-slow because the bartender then became our waiter, and he was tending to a group of 10 or so people crowding around the bar. All is forgiven because the food is always top notch.
We always get a lot of small plates and share everything, although one small plate (while tasting others) is usually pretty filling. The bruschetta is the best I've ever had, the lamb skewers ($14.9) were a steal for the amount you get, and the pappardelle is pretty great. I can't say enough good things about the food here.
The gelato is to die for. You can get it in one or two pound styrofoam containers to bring home, or get cups and/or cones to have immediately. I highly recommend eating in and getting one of their delicious capuccinos to accompany it. My favorite is the fondente (70% dark chocolate).This place was awesome!
I went here after my wedding with my husband and wedding party for drinks and appetizers. Everything was super yummy and the service was great! The pear looking things were my favorite, although not something I would normally order. The service was great and the place was clean. 
I would definitely recommend this place for drinks and parties.I am literally obsessed over the vibe of this place. It's got a coffee bar, bar for alcohol, tables for laid back lunch and dinner and a bakery with literally THE best gelatos I ever had. Their 2nd floor also has another bar and tables for people who wants to be away from the crowd on the 1st floor and wants to have fancy dinner. 
Owner is from Milan Italy, and also owns restaurants in Italy. He adds gelato toppings on few of his dinner dishes, which is what he is known for. At first, you would think..ew, what an odd combination, but it seriously is the best thing you will try. My boyfriend tried the lobster ravioli, paired with gelato topping and it was absolutely delicious.
I tried the gnocchi pasta, and although it was delicious, I wish it was a little bit more saucy than what it was. 
For desert - definitely try their gelatos (over 20 different options). You don't need to go there for dinner to try their dessert as they have a bakery downstairs with all the desert options, and you can sit on the 1st floor and try their wine and cheeses or deserts and coffee. 
Service is excellent, and ambiance is perfect for people of any age. I will definitely return back!Service: 
Very good. Knowledgeable servers.
Ambiance:
Very nice. Deceptively large dining area on the 2nd floor.
Price:
Moderate.
Food: 
Truffle fries $4.70 - good 
Cappuccino $3.90 - good 
Veal + pork ravioli with truffle gelato $18.90 - NOT good. Not good at all. Here's why: Pasta was either too al dente or not fresh. It was tough and had no chew to it. The flavor of the sweet gelato and truffle oil over cream sauce and meat raviolis made me gag a couple of times throughout my meal and could not finish. This is a tiny dish by the way. Coming from someone who eats rather large portions of food and could not finish the tiny plate of food means something. I felt that I would have been remised if I didn't say anything to the server - which I did. 
I want to say that it may be my lack in taste of good italian food, given that so many people are writing such rave reviews of this place and the veal + pork ravioli w/ truffle gelato dish in particular. But I think gelato on top of pasta is not a good idea. You can judge for yourself and let me know if you agree/disagree.I'd only come here if I HAD too. But I wouldn't be upset this place isn't bad. Isn't GREAT either. 
I do enjoy the fact they have late night dessert and coffee. Id recommend this place more for dessert than dinner/lunchGreat place to grab lunch. It does say they have an outdoor space but it is just about 2 tables. And it's on the main chestnut street so with the traffic and the pedestrians it's not very relaxing 
I had the aperol spritz which was delicious and orangey tasting as well as the gnocchi. The latter was truly delicious and they can do both vegetarian and meat options for you. Gnocchi can be difficult to make and so I appreciate a job well done. I would also definitely recommend the pistachio gelato. 
The space is clean, has great straight lines and is well laid out. They have some interesting lights over the bar as well. Ill be back!