A lovely little brunch spot.  Came on a Saturday morning around 11 there was a 20-30 minute wait. No problem we went to go sit at the counter.  The bf and I got the red velvet pancakes and kitchen sink. Both were huge and delicious. Would like to come back and try other items on menu.  And it's cash only but no problem there. There's an ATM inside.It was "ok". I've heard a lot of good things about this place and finally decided to try it. I had the chicken and waffles and was not impressed at all; the chicken desperately needed to be seasoned. I'm not exaggerating, the chicken had ZERO seasoning. The waffle was just...well, a waffle...nothing spectacular. My biggest issue is that everything was very bland (on my plate). My fiancé had the shrimp & grits benedict (it was the special this morning) and he really liked his, I liked his too. There were a ton of plates that came out that looked good, mine just wasn't one of them, unfortunately. 
I may be willing to come back for the red velvet pancakes though, they looked amazing.Monday lunch was filled with people! That was a good sign.
Pressed tin ceilings and walls....minimal decor 
     - clean/green/white and bright.
Friendly service. Yummy food.
I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese combo (always a comforting dish.)  
The sandwich description on the menu: cheddar, provolone, bacon, sun-dried tomato spread, and jalapeno relish.
The bread was very thick, thus NOT allowing the cheese to melt to the bread.  Very thick, not really melted cheese.  The jalapeno relish was just sliced large pieces of jalapeno (no relish).  The bacon was very tasty.
Overall the sandwich was OKAY.  It had great potential!!!
The soup was good - but if the sandwich was a little more melted, I could have dipped it in the soup like I normally do.  It just kept falling apart.
Cute local joint.Located in south philly, the restaurant was somewhat difficult to drive to from the suburbs.  We visited this establishment mid-week around 12 noon, so the side street parking was ample.  We ordered the eggs benedict and the breakfast burrito.  The eggs benedict was doused in hollandaise sauce, and the herbs overpowering, although the eggs were cooked half decent enough.  The breakfast burrito was full of mexican flavor and plenty greasy, probably great after a long night of drinking.  The entire experience was mediocre at best, for which the food was easily forgettable.Delicious, Fresh and Innovative... .what's not to like.  Did I mention DELICIOUS.  Good Luck Gettin a Table!!This place is totally legit. Almost perfect!
Huge, amazing menu with tons of great brunch options. Full lunch offered too. Healthy plates make an appearance for sure with a whole area designated to salads and vegan options, and then there are meals labeled "The Kitchen Sink" or "Chicken and Waffles with a million and one add-ons". You get the idea. Total cult-following.
Cheap, inexpensive, and the orders came out quick. 
-1 star for the irritation in our hostess' attitude when our table of 6 changed to a table of 7. They were planning on pushing two tables together anyway that easily sat 8, yet she was a total B about it and told us the wait would be another 30 mins. This is only after we asked her "How long will the new wait be?" and she responds, "I don't know." When your first interaction with someone is them being awful, it can easily make you not want to ever return. Rude. 
Other than that girl though, I think this place is top-f'n-notch. All other servers were sweet, knowledgeable, and on top of things. So many delicious meals were eaten this day and with prices like theirs, it really makes it hard not to want to eat here everyday.I went on a chilly Sunday afternoon around 2:45pm. They close at 4pm, so we made it just in time. It's BYO. The wait was only 5 minutes for two of us, and it was warm and cozy waiting in the large seating area. The tables are cute with plants, and the energy is happy and upbeat. The staff was very professional and friendly. The food was great! I ordered the Mexican chicken Benedict and my husband had the veg version- both were fantastic. The coffee was nice and everything was very fast. The side of fruit was beautiful and came with quite a bit of fruit! We ordered french fries just to try them, and they were hot and good. The one weird thing was that the potatoes with the veg benedict were not hot- just kinda warm. Otherwise fantastic experience. Cash only.I don't usually give 5-stars to a place I've only been to once, but since I know I'll be going back and will likely be impressed again, they're getting all my stars! One thing that drives me crazy about brunch lately is the wait time and the exorbitant prices. That being said, there are ways to avoid both, so I expect most places to recognize that and make amends. 
Green Eggs Cafe seems to have found a happy medium by offering a bar service (which most diners have- get a clue people!) to those who don't care if they have a table setting. They also have a, gasp, waiting area with couches and a tv. Insanity! The place was bigger than most hot-spots, too, so eat your heart out Sabrina!
I found their menu refreshing. If I'm going to pay $$, I better not be able to recreate this dish at home. I usually get eggs benedict or juevos rancheros or an egg dish, but when my eyes settled on peanut butter crunchy french toast, I put the menu down and tried to keep my heart from beating out of my chest!! Yes, please! I also ordered a side of bacon and although I ordered it crispy, it was late and not crispy. I should have ordered the chorizo because it was very tasty and in a patty form. The best I've had in quite a while, and I love chorizo!
There were a bunch of other things I wanted to try. My friend got the grilled cheese & tomato soup, along with a cup of hot chocolate- all of which I want to try. Also, the fried oyster po'boy, corned beef reuben benedict (sweet Jesus!), vegan shephard's pie....seriously, worth the wait.What can I say except the food is absolutely amazing here.  Don't go here if you are watching your figure though because portions are huge and calories are unknown :) Defiantly made for sharing which you will absolutely want to do because it's hard to decide on one dish.  I will say though, be prepared to WAIT.  You will WAIT to be seated on a normal day between 20-45 minutes and then WAIT about another 20-30 minutes for your food to arrive once you order.    If you are inpatient or extremely hungry and cannot take the WAIT, I recommend that you either arrive here as soon as they open to avoid the WAIT or just go somewhere else.  You can however go to the bar area and get coffee, cappuccino and pastries to make your WAIT a little more tolerable.  They also DO NOT accept credit cards which I think is absolutely ridiculous is this day and age but there is an ATM on site.
All in all this place is defiantly worth the WAIT and I will defiantly go here anytime I want to indulge.  I did however take 1 star off but that is merely for the WAIT because time is money and none of us want to lose that :)Upon first entering the Cafe, there's a cozy lounge area complete with faux fireplace which leads to the counter.  I imagine if GEC ever gets super busy a la Sabrina's, there the possibility of loading up that area with tables.  I enjoyed the decor overall...the colors are all found in nature, which totally appeals to me.  The cafeteria-style dining room felt huge but cozy.  
Food was delicious!  I ordered the stuffed french toast, and I, as I say when I consume food quickly, HOUSED it.  It was enough to fill but not over-fill me on this extremely cold day in winter.  It was stuffed with blueberries and cream which I'd love to somehow incorporate into a future wedding plan...jrg ordered the pancakes, which he described as "good", but he didn't house it.  He wanted them to be fluffier...however, he indulged in the excellent slab bacon, cook rare, just as he likes it, without his request.  He also ordered the potato side which I helped him finish because they were perfectly seasoned.  YUM!
We'll definitely go back to see how this fledgling business in our 'hood with a stated commitment to using local ingredients and other eco-friendly practices grows...Im sure there's a ton of people who'll disagree, but I've had two of the favorites- the Kitchen Sink and the Creme Brulee French toast and though the presentation is always nice and large enough to feed 2-3 people, the dishes are just ok in my opinion. The kitchen sink has everything you would want in a breakfast explosion of biscuits, sausage, eggs and other things, but it was kind of bland and just way too much (which i never say bc this girl can eat). The french toast was too sweet, but i think the maple syrup might have put it over the top (but my opinion is a bit biased bc I had it elsewhere and it blew me away) Service is always really friendly and prompt and the decor inside is really nice- clean bright and simple. Still a great place to maybe take out of towners, just not my go to spot.Love brunch.  LOve breakfast.
I love it even more when it tastes good, doesn't suck in anyway and isn't full of dumb pretentious shit that some hipster printed up because they know it's hot now.
This place looks awesome inside and I don't know how they can afford all the dead space but I don't care.  It was so nice to be inside waiting for a table.
I KNOW that was money they could have squeezed in there for other tables but the set-up was sweet AND I could get a cappuccino while I waited and sat on the edge of a couch.
Nowhere near me, but I will go here before almost any other breakfast place because of these factors alone.
Thank you for not being a greedy bastard Mr/Mrs. Owners...Huge portions, excellent food, and decent service. My only complaint is that there is often a wait, but that's to be expected in a big city when the food is that delicious.
My personal favorite is the short rib benedict, but I've literally never tasted anything that I didn't like from there. And if you're into sweet breakfast, the pancakes are HUGE (and delicious).A really great place with high popularity which means they have some hard and fast rules. Such as 1) cash only 2) no split checks 3) automatic 18% gratuity for bills over $75. 
It's very easy to go over $75 here. The drinks and food add up quickly. If you look at a pancake option on the menu and think to yourself "well I can just make that at home for pennies" then you should stay far away from this place. There will always be a line because this is for people who are committed to The Brunch Experience.
I went with two others and together we ordered a carafe of pineapple juice, a glass of cranberry juice, hot tea, and a coconut bombon. The pineapple juice was pretty thick and heavy, more like syrup, and could have been chilled. They served the tea in a fairly small, thick white mug with lemon slices and the bag separate but offered free refills on the hot water.
For food we had the Short Rib Benedict with cheddar grits, the Lox Benedict with rosemary homefries, and the Chef's Burger with spanish fries.
They serve the lunch and breakfast menus all day and have a separate page of specials available. Both Benedict dishes came with homefries but you can pay a $1 to switch them out for cheddar grits which are a shockingly dense amount and well worth the extra dollar. 
The Short Rib is really more like a pulled-pork brisket with two poached eggs on top. It was very tender and very flavorful. I would definitely recommend getting the hollandaise sauce on the side to control the taste. The burger was absolutely enormous and incredibly delicious. Spanish fries, which are fries topped with sauted onions and jalepenos, are delicious and came in a staggeringly generous serving.
It's a ton of food, we all had leftovers to take home. We were never rushed which is a good thing considering the almost 70 minute wait. I would go back but only with people who understand that a long wait and high prices are part of the experience.Holly benedicts! The chicken & waffles benedict with a maple syrup and hot sauce hollandaise is out of this world! The cheesy grit side is a perfect addition. Honestly, all of the benedicts are perfection...eggs cooked perfectly every time! 
My last trip to Green Eggs I was in the mood for something light and summery...the crab, shrimp and bacon salad with a fresh sneeze berry lemonade was the perfect choice. Honestly one of the best salads I have ever had, the dressing was light allowing the deliciousness of the shrimp, crab and bacon to shine through! In addition to the amazing grub served, the friendliness of everyone who works there makes the brunch experience worth repeating every weekend!Cute and cozy breakfast/brunch spot. Parking can be difficult and it's cash only. The wait can be super long, esp on the weekends. Youll usually get a nice waiter unless youre unlucky and get the lady with the glasses and RBF. We've been unlucky the last two times. 
I wish they had variety, like different specials on rotation.  One can only have nutella french toast and red velvet pancakes so many times. I get the kitchen sink or the breakfast burrito which is always pretty good. They do have a couple vegan options as well. Note, they do not have almond milk which is so weird to me...only whole, skim, and soy. Most of the time, this is what deters me from enjoying a cup of the La Colombe coffee. 
Our food...I got the breakfast burrito this time. Was so so. Cant really mess that up :). My bf got the country fried steak sandwich. The steak was sooooo salty. He usually likes his food on the salty side so I know if he said it was salty, it was super salty. He ended up just eating the egg on top with the bun and gravy. If it were me, I wouldve sent it back but hes not the type lol. Anyhow, id rate this as our least favorite visit. We'd probably only come back bc it's really close to us and the food is decent.don't know what other people are complaining about. sure, the wait is long on the weekend, and the service can be a bit short, but the menu is fresh and original and not as overpriced as sabrina's cafe. try the quinoa! unbelievable!The unique choices for breakfast and lunch is what makes this place different than other diners or restaurants.
You definitely will leave their full or with a to go box.
My only complaint would be parking is really tough.  We ended up parking on Broad Street and walked down which was only a five minute walk.  So if you go, planning on walking for a few minutesGreen Eggs won my heart! My friends and I were seated quickly, though I wouldn't have minded waiting longer with the hot coffee and comfy couches offered. We all ordered something different, two sweet and two savory dishes as well as some bacon and porridge to split. Well, we all ended up sharing some of our orders because everything was absolutely irresistible. I felt obligated to get the Philly-style Eggs Benedict since I was home from school in Baltimore, and even though it seemed like a strange combo it all worked magically. Yep, cream cheese, pretzel, pork, and poached eggs all work together well. Overall this brunch put us in the mood to go take on the city by which I mean sit around in the Book Trader.The place has good food but it's just dang near impossible to get a table.  This place could double in size/staff and still turn people away.  If your friends want to get together for brunch, be prepared to wait outside for an hour for a table.  The food IS good, but i dont know if it's worth the trouble!Been coming to this green eggs location for a while now, always get the cream chipped beef over toast, but came in today only to find out they don't serve it no more.!  not good.I had heard about this place via Thrillist  because of it's 'eco-friendly' stamp of approval & was really excited to check it out. When we got inside, there was no hostess podium (is this a new trend?) only a take out counter all the way in the back where I asked if we could get a seat. The place is big, and was almost completely empty except for like 15 employees/friends lounging around the back area, not sure what thats all about. It was also really quiet with the exception of a quiet TV (music anyone??).When we got our drinks & silverwear it was sort of grimy. Soap scum on the glasses & tableware ehh.. turn off.
Beside that, The food was great! I got eggs Benedict & my friend got the orange goat cheese salad. I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt since it just opened up but come on.This restaurant it not the cheapest but surely worth the price. Everything I've had is amazing. The smoothies are fresh and the service is great. Our server Brittany was fantastic.READ ME!  READ  ME!  READ ME!
Please stay away from their lunch and flavored ice lattes!  I ordered their short rib panini with sweet potato fries and it was not acceptable!  The flavor of the meal was pretty much non-existent.  Their ice Nutella latte was horrific. 
The result of eating there?  I was in the bathroom for "who knows how long" soon after.Very cool spot. Can get busy. CASH ONLY. The french toast I had were very good. Huge portions. I'd eat here again if I came to town.Just about tried every french toast special they all rule.  If you are really hungry try the red velvet pancakes (or share they are megahuge).  Today i tried the lunch for the first time a cheese steak w/fries it was excellent.
The eggs benedict are great as well.Great place! Food is amazing, and the coffee is free flowing. Marcella and Angelica gave excellent service with equally amazing smiles. This is a prime spot.Cash only with an ATM on site.
I've been here multiple times and usually try something different each visit. I have yet to be let down. The food is incredible and the friendly staff operates with a sense of urgency. I usually finish my plate fast so I can start stealing my wife's food. If I had to choose a favorite I'd probably go with the Shrimp & Grits Benedict.Love, love the brunch. You can't go wrong with whatever is on the specials menu, which is where I traditionally order from when dining here. The boyfriend has tried the breakfast burrito and the eggs Benedict. Both very good. I'm in the French toast camp because I like a dessert for breakfast!  Kidding, but I do enjoy a sweet way to start a lazy day. They had this dulce de leche toast deal that was awesome. As was a strawberry delight I had another time. I have also come here for lunch and loved the club sandwich. Portions are huge, so bring an appetite or bring home leftovers.  Either way, its all good. FYI... CASH ONLY.Truly a treasure.  The outside looks just as warm and inviting as the inside.  Everything on the menu sounds so good, it is a shame that I can only choose one dish haha :P  No worries because I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu.  This time I tried the smoked salmon benedict.  So delicious!  The egg was poached to perfection and the smoked salmon was shaped in a pinwheel with herb cream cheese in the middle.  A must try!Fearing long lines, we bunny-hopped out of the house early for our annual Easter brunch at Green Eggs. Our plan succeeded and we snagged two seats at the granite counter. There we ordered our traditional holiday French Toast: Ricotta stuffed French Toast for my fiance and Creme Brulee French Toast for me. The Creme Brulee French Toast was monumentally delicious, and I particularly adored the contrast between the slightly tart berry compote and the silky smooth creme Anglaise drizzle. Sufficiently rich and filling that half of the order came home with me to enjoy later. I surmise that my fiance's French Toast was equally delicious inasmuch as he virtually wordlessly inhaled it :-). BTW, Green Eggs also makes a mighty fine cup of La Colombe coffee. Truly worth the pilgrimage to South Philly or No. Libs.  Hey Green Eggs people, we need one of your outposts up here in Lower Bucks County!Came by for the first time to celebrate our anniversary with brunch. Casual decor, waited about 25-30 mins upon arriving at 12:30pm. We brought champagne and ordered oj for mimosas. Waited a bit for service but very nice waitress. Ordered eggs Benedict and the red velvet pancakes. All delicious!!! Big portions. Will be back!The only thing disappointing about Green Eggs is the long wait! I am a huge fan of all of their Eggs Benedict dishes especially the short rib. Despite how busy they are, the service is always great too. I need to fake a sick day soon to get there on a weekday when the wait isn't nearly as long!Hello Philly !!! It's your boy. This place is awesome!!! Service, food & atmosphere is great. It's gets a huge thumbs up. Get there early because the secret is out & it can get crowded but its worth the wait. Portions are very generous & worth the $ check this joint as soon as you can. ( This is a cash only restaurant) there is a ATM on the premises.I'm so happy that Green Eggs Cafe opened in my neighborhood.  This is the closest thing so far in Philly to the cafes I loved in Seattle.  Only time will tell how the neighborhood receives it.  There is definitely potential to be a 7 day option and not just weekend brunch.
So far food has impressed.  Items like grilled cheese, grits, chicken salad, bagels are exactly what you'd expect.  Portions are large and prices reflect this.  I've gone twice and seems like half the folks order the Kitchen Sink (multiple breakfast items cooked together and served on a skillet) and can only finish half of it.
Espresso is unpretensious and fairly priced but slightly burned in my two americanas.  I hope they work that out.  Expect to be asked "How do you take your coffee?"  Cane sugar arrives in brown cubes.
Service is brisk and friendly.  On a slow afternoon, staff was chill and relaxed.  Cozy, relaxed neighborhood cafe.  Leave your attitude at the door.
Likely won't become a destination like Morning Glory or Sabrina's (this is a good thing) Green Eggs is a welcome addition to South Philly.I found out about this place on Foursquare after a friend of mine went.  It's way off the usual path for Philly brunch, but well worth the trip.  If you're craving traditional brunch, creative twists, and you're hungry as a horse, this is the perfect place to go.  And BRING CASH (they don't take cards).
We decided to bypass the wait (40 mins at 12:30 on a Sunday for 2) by sitting at the counter.  Looking at the menu, everything looked fantastic, and I couldn't decide on what to get.  The BF opted for the Creme Brûlée French Toast, and I eventually went with the Kitchen Sink (although I was really really hard pressed between that and the Steak and Eggs).  When the food arrived, it looked larger than life.  Seriously, the portions here are enormous, and we could have probably split one dish.  But upon diving into my oversized skillet of scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, biscuits and gravy, my mouth and stomach were immediately sated.  Everything was delicious and savory.  I had a small side of sriracha with my food just in case the eggs and veggies needed an extra kick, but no hot sauce was necessary.  This dish stood well on its own.  As for his breakfast, the French Toast tasted EXACTLY like the flavor it was cooked to emulate on the menu.  That's the sign of good brunch.
I'll agree with the other reviewers that the service could use some work, and that's probably my only negative.  Otherwise, this is definitely a welcome addition to Philly's brunch repertoire, and absolutely worth the long waits (although the counter is a great option for those who don't mind and aren't coming with a big group).  I'm so full I don't think I can eat for the rest of the day.I've eaten at their other locations before and always found it to be above average...but today the kitchen  knocked my socks off!  Their menu is extensive...and so it was difficult to choose. Fortunately, there was a bit of a wait (not too terrible for Saturday at 11 am in South Philly...25 minutes) so we were prepared to order by the time we were seated.  My eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I had two eggs over easy, multi grain toast, cheesy grits with shrimp, and the silver dollar pancakes.  I am a grits conoisseur, and these were divine.  The pancakes...now, they  were the best I have EVER eaten.  I  know it's just a PANCAKE, but they tasted a little like a cupcake...they were sweet and light.  
They offer Sprite Zero on the menu, although it wasn't available, so I had diet Coke, which was a bit flat.  No biggie.  The service was excellent...particularly for a place what was SLAMMING... our food was delivered quickly and HOT.   We will be returning ...great job Green Eggs!This place would be great if not for the inconsistent service.  The food is typically good, but it occasionally arrives cold.  On one visit I'd agreed to eat food that I hadn't ordered because the runner confused my french toast with another table's.  I notified the server, but it was too late to correct the error.  I figured what I'd received was similar and I don't like wasting food so I told them not to worry about it.  I was charged the $3.00 price difference for my trouble.Oh. My. God. Breakfast here is to die for. Everything was on point!! Red velvet pancakes, chicken and waffles and steak and eggs. Plus our waiter was awesome. Two thumbs up!!Yeah. I'm feeling this spot. I'm skeptical of a place that franchises, but I ripped the hell out of that kitchen sink platter they offer. Best part? No carbs in the entire plate. No, wait. I'm kidding. But it's fantastic, so go.I like this location more than the city center one. First because its BYOB and secound, because the ambiance is more quaint. I LOVE the food here! They always have new things to try. They have multiple types of eggs Benedict including a chicken and waffles one *drool* and a Korean short rib one, both to die for! They serve breakfast till 3 pm, great spot for brunch! Vegetarian and Vegan options available! (watch out! Cash only...)Oh...Green Eggs. 
I remember my first experience ever in this place: I ordered the Lox omelet and it came out without a shred of lox in it.... that was a bit humorous to me at the time and of course my waitress was super sweet about it and I felt even more inclined to smile and wait, knowing it would all be worth it once it was back in front of me.
Oh sh*t, was I wrong! My omelet returned in a few, only now it was cold and stuffed with cold lox in the middle... gross. I should mention that this was probably within the first few weeks of their opening and the concept of losing the 8dollar omelet may have been hard to handle, but really, a COLD lox omelet?!?! 
Anyway, I returned, keeping in mind the fact they needed some time to work out the kinks. 
My second visit I decided on Pancakes!!!! Who doesn't love pancakes?!? Of course I had decided I wanted them stuffed with strawberries and chocolate chips, the way I would order them anywhere! To my dismay, chocolate chips are not something they will stuff a pancake with, nor will they stuff the pancakes with anything! My strawberry and blueberry pancakes arrived TOPPED with fruit, not STUFFED. Maybe you think this is nothing to get upset over, but for me, it changes the WHOLE PANCAKE EXPERIENCE COMPLETELY!!!  I wasn't happy, but I ate those sad plain looking pancakes...and never ordered them again.
Fast forward a few months later and I returned once again to see what they were really made out of. 
This time I went with my brother and best friend. I ordered the roasted beet salad, my brother wanted the turkey club, and my friend built her own omelet. We also got an order of french toast to share and to satisfy my burning curiosity: the quinoa porridge. I enjoyed the salad and my friend had no complaints about the omelet, my brother however was a bit appalled by the state of the turkey on his club. He pulled off full slices of "meat" which consisted of more FAT than turkey and I was sure glad it wasn't my mouth those slices of fat were all chewed up in...grossssss! Oh, and those french fries....YIKES....so soggy, something must be wrong with their fryer. 
Anyway, to finish off-- the french toast was delish, the quinoa porridge was creamy, totally unique and amazing! 
I hardly mentioned service, cause there was nothing to boast about, and I'm pretty sure the rumor is the servers are "first-timers" without prior experience, and it's pretty obvious. I mean look, these ladies are sweet, all but one that's got a sour puss face all day, but sh*t, when the crowds push through personally, I'd want a solid staff to man my joint is all I'm saying. 
I'm still not totally sold or appalled, but I do hope they pull it together and work it out.   It is in the neighborhood and all. 
At least their coffee has always been on point.Pretty disappointed by my latest experience at Green Eggs Cafe. Don't get me wrong, I love this restaurant and will definitely return but this is my first bad experience. I ordered something simple, creme brulee french toast and a side of grits with the scrapple chips. I was told a 15 min wait for the food. After 15 mins had gone by and still no food, I didn't mind waiting longer because they were super busy for the holiday. During my wait I seen people who ordered after me at the counter get their food. I guess they don't cook by order number, maybe they do the dine in orders first before take out. I don't know. After a long wait of at least 40 mins I am handed a bag that was most likely sitting there for a while. If my order was done, I should have been informed immediately. But, they have the same person working take out and the counter for dining in. I checked the food in my car and it was FREEZING COLD. I literally only walked from the restaurant to my car parked in front. I couldn't believe it. Instead of going back into the crazy busy restaurant and waiting another 40 mins for food, I took it home to eat. The food was horrible. My creme brulee french toast was not garnished properly and it didn't have any vanilla anglaise on it. The grits were inedible. Seriously, they were hard, clumpy, and gritty. I had to throw them away. I am not satisfied at all with Green Eggs Cafe today. In the future, please check all of your take out orders before leaving the restaurant. I called and the manager was very nice and properly addressed the issue. I just don't have the time to go back to the restaurant today since I have work tonight.Green eggs is the perfect place for brunch with a large group. They have a large menu with a mix of lunch and brunch options to keep everyone happy. Also, they do a good job at quality control. The food is great every time that I go. My favorite part of green eggs is the latte selection. The peanut butter cup latte is amazing! Its like drinking a Reese's cup!I go here a few times a week. I've had the Chicken & Waffles Benny, the Creamed Chipped Beef skillet. I've tried to order the Red Velvet pancakes or the Creme Brûlée French toast, because they look delicious as they pass, but I just can't. I always get the Kitchen Sink. And it's always awesome. And sometimes I finish it there and sometimes I finish it at home later. The service is great, staff friendly, fireplace is nice in cold weather. Awesome place.Great Place! Service and food are wonderful... Only downfall is that it's always crowded but they try to seat you fast. It's a frequent for me.Coffee's good, service is excellent. Pork Belly Benedict hit the stop. Good value brunch!
Came here on Friday morning and there was no problem getting seated. Hip atmosphere. Just landed on a red eye from California and I feel like I never left. Vegan options, soy milk, etc are all cool things to have on the menu. 
Fair warning, it's cash only a la California. ATM inside.Food is great. Sometimes portions are small like they are running out of potatoes towards the end of breakfast. Stock more potatoes, they're cheap as hell dudes. Had the hangar steak and eggs. Super delicious, probably my favorite steak and eggs to date.   My wife had Italian eggs Benedict special which was thick cured bacon with poached egg and Brie on English muffin. Very tasty, especially with the Brie.  The bread piece of " Italian Benedict" should have been something italian though. Like fresh toasted sarcone's bread or something south Philly style like a pretzel. Which they do serve with Philly style Benny with pork loin which is also rad. Could do without the cream cheese though. AGAIN I'LL SAY THIS IS CASH ONLY. which is just awful. This place makes money hand over fist and they're worried about credit card fees?!  BUT they do have an ATM on suite that they will gladly take one of your dollars to let you use. They tricked me again into thinking I could use credit cards because they still give you the check in a gosh darn AMERICAN EXPRESS check holder. (see pic 47) I mean c'mon, think of something else to use like a glass or paper clip and post card like many other places. Stop reminding me that you used to accept credit cards and now you're to cheap to have them.This is a great breakfast and brunch place in South Philly! I enjoyed everything the two times I have come but there is room for improvement to make it a 5 start spot. The food is great but the service is inconsistent. 
I recommend these as my favorite dishes: 
Shrimp and Grits 
Crab Cake Benedict (go for the potatoes with peppers and onions on the side!) 
Lox and Bagel Plater 
Chicken sausage side 
The only con was the long wait for a table if you don't have a large party. I went with just one other person once and waited over 40 minutes for a table but we had the best service and a wonderful meal. 
I returned and was with a large group of 6 people so we were able to make a reservation but we still waited about 10 minutes for them to set our table. No big deal waiting but the service was way off that time. It took so long to just get re-fills of water.  Both visits were on a Sunday afternoon but the first time I was there was much more enjoyable! I guess it really was worth the wait in that case.Place was great but make sure you have cash since they don't take CC's. I'll definitely be back when I'm in Philly again !!I had a terrible experience here just this morning.
My grandparents were in town today, and I suggested we go to the Green Eggs Cafe for a late brunch.  I asked the hostess how long the wait would be for a group of five and she quoted me 20-25 minutes.  After waiting outside in the cold for about 10 minutes or so, I finally asked if there was a place to sit down.  (I had noticed that their original waiting area was now filled with dining tables).  She pointed out a side waiting room, and about 15 other cold people followed our party into the warm waiting room.  I guess the hostesses didn't feel the need to tell anyone about their new waiting area.
After about 35 minutes of waiting, I went back outside to check on the status of our table.  She said that two large tables were finishing and about to get their check, she quoted another 10-15 minutes.  As I went back into the waiting area, I noticed a group of 6 waiting.
Another 15 minutes pass, and I go back outside AGAIN to see whats going on.  Just as I'm asking, the table of six that came AFTER us was just getting seated.  When I inquired about the "second" table that was finishing up their meals, she said she didn't know what I was talking about, and that there was no other table.
At this point, we had waited for about an hour with two elderly grandparents.  I went up once again to inquire about our table, and at this point the hostess had a major attitude.  She raised her voice and was claiming that this wasn't her fault and she couldn't help us.  We were so frustrated by this point that we left and had a wonderful brunch at Hawthorne's cafe!
Overall, the two teenage hostesses were extremely rude and unhelpful.  I've worked as a hostess at a busy restaurant before, and the hosting staff is the first experience you have in a restaurant.  If you can't have a friendly attitude, it isn't the job for you. If the service inside is anything like the hosting service, I recommend that everyone walk right by this place.First time here. We were told the wait for two people would be 20 mins but the counter was first come so off to the counter we went.  Service was great even on a busy Sunday afternoon.   I had the crab cake Benedict with scrambled eggs instead of poached, delicious. My husband had the cajun shrimp and grits, which he really enjoyed. We will definitely visit again.When food is so good there are no words. We shared everything and it was all pretty good except for the chicken and waffles. The lemonade is fresh squeezed and the berry lemonade had fresh cut berries not just syrup. The girls had soy vegan latte and raved about it. The seasonal pumpkin cheesecake french toast is worth the trip. I am so satisfied. I recommend a walk around the block if you et a chance. The neighborhood is amazing.O to the M to the G. I could not have had a more lovely brunch experience. I am not going to say it wasn't totally packed but we got coffee while we waited. They said 30 minutes and it was impressively...about 30 minutes. The coffee was like silk going down my throat and every molecule in my body happily took it in. We ordered and I decided to get the RED VELVET PANCAKES. Um, this was like a half a sheet cake of 3 fluffy pancakes with thick layers of mascarpone cheese in between them plus chocolate chips. It was a square from heaven. Seriously. I could only eat about 10 bites. I took the rest home and enjoyed it on no less than 6 separate occasions. Now if only they could make their kitchen sink item vegetarian...I called this my favorite philly breakfast spot but I would NOT say the same after today. I went in this morning Sunday May 14th, 2017 Mother's Day at 8AM hoping to get take out to bring home to my mother and family. I ordered 2 creme brulee french toasts, 1 pecan pie french toast, 1 kids french toast, 1 steak and eggs, 2 sides of bacon, 1 side of eggs and 1 creme brulee latte for just over $90. The manager who took my order at the bar was NOT very friendly or courteous when taking my order and gave me an especially hard time when ordering the kids french toast telling me I cant order it if I'm older than 12 but I have a 4 year old at home. When I asked how long the wait would be for the food he said 10-15 minutes but it took over 30 minutes. When I came in to check on the food after about 15 minutes i asked the girl behind the bar who was preparing coffees how long it would be for the food and she looked at me and completely ignored me and said nothing. Wow I thought this is not the customer service I am used to. So I left and came back another 15 minutes later and the manager told me it would be right up. I asked for silverware and some extra syrup since I got so much french toast. He checked the boxes before putting them in the bag which I appreciated except that when I got home one of the sides of bacon contained 3 pieces while the other box contained ONLY one slice of bacon. The syrup that he added to the bag was actually vanilla extract and it had spilled all over the food. I expect better customer service when I am paying over $90 for breakfast.Come hungry because the portions are generous. I ordered the Kitchen Sink. I couldn't believe my eyes when it arrived at the table. The menu description is spot-on. The food arrives quickly and is very fresh with a nice balance of distinctive flavors. I took the left-overs home and enjoyed five more meals for the rest of the week. Don't worry, this is a breakfast that will keep you contentedly going throughout the day even when it is sized down into a manageable portion.I'm glad to see I'm not the only one with mixed emotions when it comes to Green Eggs. I was really excited about this place opening up because it's in a great spot and its beautiful and sunny inside. My food is generally good, but my service has been less than stellar the three times I've been there. 
Food: The first time I went I got the kitchen sink. It was delicious. I will generally like anything with well-seasoned sausage gravy over it and this was no exception. It comes in a skillet and is visually appealing as well. 2nd trip got the eggs benedict which is a favorite of mine in life. This one was a little disappointing. My eggs were poached just how I like them, but the english muffin was soft and the hollandaise was weird. The hollandaise was at the same time too sweet and too salty. How does that happen? 3rd trip was the Quinoa porridge which I can't speak highly enough of. So flavorful, just the right amount of filling, the berries were perfect. Loved it. The coffee is decent, but the boy at the coffee counter is ALWAYS on his phone which drives me crazy. And always overfills the cups. I shouldn't get scaled getting coffee in a mug. I do really like that the sugar you're given is "raw" cube sugar. I personally hate the little packets, but hate white sugar more. 
Now service-it's meh every time. The first time I went the stickers were still on the bottom of our salt and pepper grinders which is gross and weird to me. I shouldn't have to peel the sticker off the bottom to be able to use them. I know you're new, but come on. Our server was nice but really nervous toward us. The third time I was there our server was nice, but too busy and I ran out of coffee. The second time I was there made me so angry I nearly left. I still kind of don't know why I didn't. I thought I was meeting one friend for brunch at noon on a Sunday. I figured there'd be a 15-20 min wait. It turned out I was meeting one friend and three of her friends. So alright, table for 5 on a Sunday there's going to be a wait. I get that. The hostess told us 20 mins, so we got coffee and got comfortable. We ended up waiting for an hour and 15 mins. That's just ridiculous in my opinion. Then when we finally got seated it was in the back room with a table of kids and parents from NJ next to us. And a bathroom in there. Want to ruin my brunch experience? Sit me next to kids. And after waiting for that long I was certainly less than happy. 
I really want to love Green Eggs, I really do. Aesthetically I love it. My food has been generally really good and always correct. But the service throws me off so much. I just think I shouldn't run out of coffee and that you should let me know if the wait is going to be an hour and 15 mins and let me decide if I'm staying or not. Don't keep telling me that I'm going to be sat in "just a minute" if I'm not going to be. 
"Meh. I've experienced better." is exactly how I feel.This was the worst brunch experience ever.
The food was served cold and too salty. The servers never checked on us and on the food or refill our glasses or make sure the food is good. 
After waiting 40 min to be seated and another 35 min to get a cold served food we had to hear from a rude manager (Gabrielle) that insisted that this was our problem since we ate the food instead of trying to fix the problem or take responsibility of the bad service and food. Never again.3.5 stars: the service was a bit slow compared to the other locations in the city. I tried the vegetarian Benedict II, buffalo chicken mac and cheese and the green machine smoothie. My favorite was the green machine smoothie. Mac and cheese had a strange taste and I didn't like the sauce they put on the Benedict plate.Fantastic eco decor. Service was attentive and polite - just the right level of friendliness and interaction.  And the food? AMAZING! I actually got the Smoked Lox Benedict (labeled as Atlantic in the photos accidentally though).  MMmmm they were generous with the Nova! Each bite was even better than the last.  The kitchen sink was an absolute stunner for me.  While it looked like one hot mess, it certainly tasted scrumptious.  When I come here again, I'm ordering the kitchen sink so I can indulge in it more! Breakfast is stellar here.  Give this place a try - it's a knock out.I lived around the corner a few years ago and constantly went for brunch and started to love it even more after I started working there and saw how well they treated me and fellow co-workers. I believe they change the menu seasonally but specials change every other week. Highly recommend grabbing an early seat as the place fills up fast.Came here today with a friend. We waited a while for a table, but for good reason. We ordered one savory and one sweet dish and shared both. The short rib Benedict was AMAZING! It was one of the best things I've probably ever eaten. Also, the crime brûlée French toast was delish. The service was friendly and the food exceptional. I can't wait to come back.I love that this place is in my neighborhood, but I think it needs some work for it to stay in the neighborhood.
Nice inside with cozy fireplace area. Staff is friendly and fast. 
Menu was disappointing. Driest turkey sandwich: stale bread, lacking flavorful bacon, schmear of pesto, and no mayo. Club sandwich was large enough, but it was not good. The sweet potato fries were greasy and soggy.
Our water glasses had soap scum and a mysterious chunk of something brown at the bottom beneath the ice. Scary. 
I'd go back to give this place another chance, but the dishes need a good scrubbing first.One choice item...
Creme' Brulee french toast 
 Eat here it is a definite win. Fresh tangerine juice, great service, and great food. Did I forget to mention Creme brulee french toast!!! Oh yeah baby take a bite of that goodness GRACIOUS  and tell me you didn't have a foodgasm!I definitely prefer the South Philly Green Eggs Cafe to the Washington Square West location. The service was SO much friendlier (& I didn't mind the tattooed Hottie McHotterson host who kept smiling at me one bit).
This may also be an upgrade because the Vegan French Toast SO much better than the Vegan Chicken Cheesesteak that I ordered at the other location. And the Hashbrowns w/ Rosemary, YUMMY!
The portion size was almost too much for me, but I ate it all anyway! My only gripe is that we paid $15 for a small carafe of orange juice. Yes, it was freshly squeezed, & yes, we can accept that that price might include a corking fee for our Prosecco, but it still seems a little excessive.
All in all, a great brunch. I'd go back!This place is so cute! I went here with five other people and we sat at a long wooden table in a quaint nook with green walls. The waitress was super friendly and our food came out fast. 
I was really tempted to try the pancakes --especially the red velvet -- but I went with the lox Benedict and a fruit cup. I was thrilled with my choice! The salmon was fresh and the eggs were prepared perfectly. All it needed was just a little hot sauce!There's a reason this place is packed for brunch. The food is excellent, big portions, and the staff was incredible. I expected a long wait, but we were seated after just a few minutes. Our waitress was attentive and friendly, and there was another waitress who checked on us more than once who wasn't even our waitress. One time with her tray FULL of drinks, she paused quickly at our table to ask us if we were doing ok, before unloading her gajillion drinks at the table behind us. Everyone was really great at their jobs. The food and drinks were really great, and I couldn't believe it all came out to around $40 for two people (with sides and two drinks each in addition to our brunch entrees.) I had the Eggs Benedict and home fries, with a side of mixed berries, and it was all delicious and HUGE. Very happy with my morning here.Favorite breakfast spot on Sunday mornings.  Everything is always fantastic, food, service & atmosphere.  The only problem is that I can't get here more often.Good Food, Bad Service ultimately leaves this place as a totally average, "probably-don't-need to-go-back" brunch spot. We arrived on Sunday morning with a few out of town friends and were told we could immediately be seated outside, which was awesome considering the line. It took a long time for someone to take our order and every time our waitress could be bothered to talk to us, it was with disdain and contempt. God forbid we ask for extra hollandaise sauce (which we did!) They served three of us and swore up and down that the fourth dish was on it's way out-- so we politely waited for our fourth dish to be served -- 15 minutes later our meals were cold and my husband was pretty  peeved. The servings were large and the food was tasty. The "kitchen sink" was pretty good, although the biscuit was dry. The veggie benedict was yummy- although as mentioned before, I wanted a little bit more hollandaise sauce than was given. This place shines on it menu and the execution of the food met expectations to an extent, but unfortunately, nothing truly blew us away. Also, it's cash only which is just kind of annoying.
Bottom Line: Give it a try and hope you don't have our waitress. Worth a try if its not your first choice, but not a primary go-to spot given Philly's growing list of breakfast winners.Slowest service I have ever had. I've been there 3-4 times before and had no issues previously. Today, everything was off. Quoted a 30-35 minute wait, was 50 minutes. Once seated, it took 14 minutes to get coffee. Our server came to the table 3 times in the over 1 hour at the table. Two entrees came out at once and the third entree didn't come because it was made incorrectly. We were told it would be a minute for the other entree to come while they fixed the mistake but it took 15 minutes. By the time the third entree came, the other two people were 75% through their meals. The server never even knew there was a problem ( the food runner fixed the problem), he never asked if everything was ok. When the manager eventually asked how everything was (the server still hasn't), i told him and he just gave an insincere sorry, saying "We're busy". It took another 15-18 minutes for the check after we were all done. My 15 year old actually said, "We're being held check hostage". 
All in all, not what I've come to expect here.Aside from always having to wait 45-60 minutes to be seated, this place is an awesome brunch spot. They are creative with their menu and have many options for vegan and meat eaters alike. I recommend the kitchen sink with the gravy on the side (you can control your likeliness to get a heart attack this way lol). Their creme brulee french toast is also a hit! You will wait a while but its worth it.Mmmmm I love this place!!!! Everything is reasonably priced, they always have yummy specials, and I love that they send you a text message when your table is ready. The food is consistent and really good!! I have to try the "kitchen sink" which seems to be the ultimate breakfast served in a skillet. 
Order the cheesy grits for the table...you won't regret it!!!!Second time here..i had the red velvet pancakes..great but i could of did without the cream filling in between them which is very heavy and i didnt understand the chocolate chip in the pancakes..i got my eggs over easy but they are cooked in oil so i didnt like that and they we're oddly wet. The scrapple I assume is homemade and its tasteless, I would of preferred the one from the package. My husband got the shrimp and grits skillet..he absolutely loved it. He did not favor the chicken sage sausage, which is also homemade..we expected links or patties? But it was a blob of blah...not appealin and it does not taste of sage or anything for that matter. Nutella latte taste like a regular latte nothing special, the peanut butter cup latte taste just like the nutella one..basic..and it wasn't hot. I didn't find out that the chocolate whip cream was out until i figured she made the wrong latte. It would been nice to find that out upon first ordering. It's pretty weird sitting at the counter. The waiters walk by back and forth with the most unpleasant looks on there face..usually when you lock eyes with someone you shoot a pleasant eye and smirk..but nope they looked liked they were thinking of a master plan to end the world..Idk it was kinda creepy...but all in all Chelsea was a good waiter. But she didn't ask me or my husband was we satified during our meal nor when my husband gave back the sausage that practically was the entire piece and didnt want to take it home same with my scrapple. I would go back. My first time was good..this time was ok maybe the third is the charm.Best breakfast in Philly, period.  Yes, I've tried them all.
The crème brulee French toast is life changing.  The omelets are some of the best you'll ever have, all ingredients are super fresh.  The coffee selection is awesome - espresso, cappuccino, Café Americano are all excellent.
I live 45 minutes outside the city and I'm here at least once per month. Its that good.  
Only downside, there's a pretty long wait on the weekends, so get there early for a quick seating.
Also - make sure you go to the Dickinson location.  I've been to the one on 13th and it's a mere mortal by comparison...Great service and great food! The servers and host were very accommodating and very quick to get us anything we needed. Everyone was very friendly as well!Nice brunch place. The "Kitchen Sink" was too much potatoes and after a quarter of the way through it, it just tasted like cardboard. The steak, I heard, was exquisite.Great Brunch Locale, but make sure you sign in on their waiting list first timers!  I love their tea (so good) and their funny waitstaff.  Their food, all around, is very good and I can't go wrong taking a friend there or suggesting it as a meet up (I know it will have something to suit my vegetarian friends too).Just like the caption says when i pressed the one-star button: Eek! Methinks not!
Terrible service, rude, cold coffee, greasy meals and attitude from the manager when I complained about it.
Not worth it. Average food, overpriced and service with an attitude. Never again.Green Eggs Cafe has seriously good brunch. We were there last november and had to wait outside in the cold due to the lack of proper waiting area inside, but the food was amazing and we are willing to go and wait again in the cold!
We had the short rib benedict (flavorful and the braised short rib was not dry!), the creme brulee french toast (so good!!! I'm definitely ordering this again), and a side of bacon-jalapeno mac & cheese ($5 well spent!)
Too bad we don't live in the area and can't be regulars, but we know where we'll be going for brunch whenev we visit philly!Local and fresh! This place is located between residents so parking was not easy and seating was about 10 minutes. However, the food was on point! The chicken and waffle had me flying off my seat - sweet and crispy - You get the point - Phili best breakfast spot! Especially when the fruits and juice are fresh :). Lastly leave your credit card at home because they only accept cashSo, after a long break of not coming here (I'd had come way too many times for comfort and was sick of it!), I decided to have spontaneous brunch with the bf here. Instead of ordering a usual breakfast dish I got a sandwich (california chicken panini ~$14), which was actually very tasty. The chicken wasn't dry and the salad was good except I think they put too much dressing on it. I definitely got a bigger portion that I expected. The panini had alfalfa, aioli, tomato, and avocado. yummy.
The side bacon, sausage and croissant all tasted like a heart attack. Literally the moment I put any of them down my throat I felt my body slowing down and almost stopping,  as if I were becoming heavy or a statue. The taste wasn't the best either for the price and it just felt so unhealthy. I prefer Chhaya's "unhealthy" sides because they feel less greasy and taste better!
The chicken and waffle eggs benedict comes with, of course fried chicken on a waffle topped with poached eggs and a side of potatoes. It tasted unhealthy too (duh), but I only had a bite and I enjoyed the eggs. I know from experience that I don't like to get potatoes cause these places always try to fill you up on excessive carbs!!
For the sandwich alone, I give it 4 stars, for everything else, 2 stars. I would rate my previous experiences as 3-3.5 stars but this review is for this particular occurrence.Went on a Sunday.   Even with reservations, we were standing and waiting for over an hour.  Staff seemed burnt out and unaccommodating. 
It was hard to decide what to get because most  of the menu looks good - but everything we ordered took forever, some was over cooked, and most came out cold.  Had a really hard time getting coffee refills, and no one got their (cold) toast til they were already finished with their meal.  
Definitely wouldn't recommend.One of the best brunches in town... A lot of variety on the menu! The shrimp and grits is  amazingggg good! Never was a fan before of grits.... But they really know how to make delicious!
Coffee is La Columbe... You can never go wrong with that! The south Philly location is my favorite b/c it has one of the best services!Must visit whenever I'm in Philly. My husband said its the best sausage gravy he's had..better than any in Texas (where he's from)..creme brulee stuffed french toast, crab cake eggs Benedict and kitchen sink breakfasts were a..mazing!This place. THIS PLACE! Clean, quick, HUGE servings! The bar is a great place to eat or you can lounge for a table. The servers are great and real. 
We came from San Diego and overseas for a reunion and had planned to go to Ippoliti's but they were closed and right down the corner from here. SO GLAD we came inside! 
Gluten free options, vegan options, and MASSIVE menu with MASSIVE plates!!
GO HERE!!!Food was very good! My Friend and I got the Lobster Mac and cheese and it was Great! There was a wait but it wasn't too long.I went there today and I love their go green initiative. They also buy all their ingredients locally. I went around 9:30 AM on a Monday and there was no wait. I was surprised! I got the creme brûlée French toast and it was amazing! Not too sweet but it is a huge portion. Prepare to share or bring half home. I loved the fresh berries on top with a sprig of mint for that added flavor.
 I had the grits as well and it's never as watery as I like but that's okay, still good. I wanted fresh squeeze OJ but their shipment of oranges didn't come in yet.Maybe try going on a Tuesday or later in the day to make sure you get that fresh off the farm freshly squeezed OJ ;) Overall, the place is nice with friendly staff.We have been coming to Green Eggs since it opened.  Unfortunately, the overall quality has gone down hill over the years.  We have been visiting less frequently than before, and during our previous visit in January everything was well below expectations.  When we read that they hired a new chef and the excitement they seemed to have about him, we decided to return.  Today, we were sat and given dirty menus that were old and the laminating was peeling from the corners.  Our server was beyond unfriendly and never cracked a smile the entire time we were there.  When our food was delivered, my husband's coffee was empty.  No one ever filled it throughout the meal even though we watched our server stand at the service station staring into space the entire time we ate.  My waffle was so cold that the butter didn't even have a chance of melting and the cold syrup didn't help anything.  I never send food back, but this was inedible. We flagged down a server walking by and told him.  He got the manager who took the waffle away and asked if I wanted a new one made, but never apologized.  After my husband finished his food, we sat for sometime still with no coffee and no server.  Finally, I waved to our server who was still staring into space.  She turned her back for a few minutes and then when she turned back around, she proceeded to drink her coffee at the service station.  It must have been nice to have coffee at breakfast!!!!!  After we finally got the check from another server, no one ever came back.  When we left our server was hanging out at the host stand gossiping with the manager and host.  This was a terrible dinning experience and it felt more like an iHop than a quality cafe.Small place as expected and we had a hard time finding parking but it's a pretty comfy atmosphere. The food is absolutely delicious and the staff was friendly and caring. Despite the prices generally ranging between 11 - 16 for entrees and 2-5 for sides I'd say it was kinda worth it. I wasn't crazy about how each meal doesn't automatically come with sides but I still had a great first time experience. I had gotten the apple pie French toast with a side of bacon. Overall, I definitely recommend this place for its great food and dedication to go  green but be prepared to pay an arm and a leg when the bill comes.I am dead out.. In love with this place! Everything that comes out of their kitchen looks, tastes, and smells wonderful! Huge, generous portions are what you're going to get so arrive hungry!! The breakfast menu is my fav, however lunch is equally awesome!!Heres a pro-tip for green eggs cafe: 
Add pesto eggs to your menu. Then you can actually have "Green Eggs" on your menu, and they would probably be amazing... duurrrrh!
Green eggs is pretty good though - I've tried the kitchen sink and the creme brulee french toast. both were very very delicious. Coffee is good too, but the ice coffee was more like diet ice water, with a coffee twist.I've always wanted to check out Green Eggs because of the hype and I finally had the chance to do so this morning! I arrived around 11am and only had to wait about 5 minutes before I was seated (table for 2). The customer service was exceptional and they all seemed really friendly! 
I ordered the crème brûlée French toast and it was absolutely amazing! The portions were huge and it was just the right amount of sweetness, definitely not over powering! Totally recommend trying it out for yourselves!Great food and service, nice place for me and my girlfriend to have our Saturday brunch. Only drawback is that it's cash only, or we would come here all the time. Definitely suggest u to try the lamb sandwich hereThere's a lot of Sunday brunches out there I want to try, but I do keep coming back to this one every so often.  I've liked everything I've tried, portions are big, and I've never had to wait too long for a table (although I think I usually just sneak in under the rush a bit on the earlier side).  Tiramisu french toast, although more dessert-like than anything, was reallllllly good.  Their specials are always enticing and I love their wide selection of "benedicts."  Friendly staff and a nice relaxing breakfast/brunch atmosphere.  Will continue to use are our "go to" brunch spot.
Oh, and I'm typically one who gorges on breakfast (give me all the bacon, eggs and greasy delicious breakfast foods you can think of!) but seriously, the quinoa porridge is SO good.  I've only had it once, but I debate getting it every time I'm there.  Must try it.Always a hit! My favorite breakfast place. Never ordered a bad dish and the servers have always been great. If you come at the "wrong" time, you may have to wait a while but it's worth it. Can't remember leaving this place without being full and often we have to take food home. Every time I bring someone in from out of town, they love it.I always get the Smoked Salmon Eggs Bene's...delicious.  Next time I will be getting french toast because I am craving it right now.  Its always packed inside.  There is a super hott waiter named Pat so make sure you get a look at him and tip him well.  
Only 4 stars because the menu says they have a rooftop garden for their veggies because they are a "green" company.  A friend of mine used to work for Green Eggs and has told me the rooftop garden does not exist.  Except if you count the basil and rosemary in the potted plants up there.  
Revise your menu "Green" Eggs!Based on my experience from the past year 
Food : Great ! I had a favorite dish that included shrimp and grits . Unfortunately , I can no longer find it in the menu . It was amazing !! They have now replaced it with a similar dish . It is more of a shrimp "kitchen sink" like dish (mixed with everything). I ordered that dish when I went for my sister's birthday . Funny story . I am okay eating fully cooked shrimp , but my shrimp that was in that dish were not fully cooked and I had an allergic reaction . I was very upset because the reaction happened fast and I was just so upset since shrimp takes only about 3-7 minutes to cook (not even, depending on how it's cooked). Anyway , I don't frequent as much because the experience just isn't the same.
Service : A bit unorganized. Could be better. 
Overall : Will go to on a slow day (Tuesday or Wednesday) for a quick lunchAfter moving to South Philly I was a little concerned about the food I would find. As a Center City guy I treated South Philly like a novelty, going there only to find the cheapest and wettest of Chinese. So when I found myself living on 15th and Dickinson, I was suddenly lost in a world of mini-markets and gunfire. 
Thankfully, a friend of mine brought me to the east side of broad street, which is a completely different world somehow. We found this lovely little place only a few block away and, quite frankly, I had a great time. 
It's a clean, tidy little place with smiling tattoo'd servers everywhere. They don't take cards, which is always a little off-putting, but their ATM only has a .95 fee, which is unheard of and wonderful. 
I ordered a cafe mocha to begin with (which was delicious though not completely different from every other cafe mocha), and ordered an eggs benedict with smoked salmon. It didn't take terribly long for the food to come, and was just enough time to finish our drinks. I immediately fell in love even before eating, though, when the waitress asked if I wanted hot  sauce with mine, which included sriracha. If I had a dollar for every time I've wanted sriracha with my breakfast in the city and couldn't get it, I'd have all the dollars. 
Anyway, the food was fantastic (came with a bowl of fresh fruit with powdered sugar) and was extremely filling. I considered taking some of it home, but realized that taking raw fish home in 90 degree heat is the worst idea, so I forced myself to finish it and live uncomfortably but happily for the rest of the day. 
Their specials looked ridiculous, I'll have to try their snickers french toast next time.You should eat here.  
This was another that I really wanted to check out while in town based on Yelp reviews.  My husband read about Sabrina's in the news so we went there first.  Then, while in the Northern Liberties I saw the other location; not aware there were two we ended up here.  
Glad we did, we were sat right away and the ambience here is apparent as soon as you step inside.  It just has a clean, natural, wholesome appeal.  
I was all french toasted out from Sabrina's, plus, I heard they have home made chorizo, so it was eggs and pork for me.  Too good for words.  I cannot have enough pig and when it is chorizo that is about 5 times the pleasure.  
They get two thumbs up for a great experience, I even forgive the slow coffee refills because it was just so tasty.Love the food here.  Outstanding customer service.   One of my favorite restaurants in Philly.What I hate about places like this is how crowded it is every time I try to come go with friends. The food was okay when I went. I still need to try more of their menu before really reviewing on that area. As far as the inside decorating, it is something unique, but isn't WOW.Food was delicious. You have to try their red velvet pancakes! Service was a little slow but we will still be back!I suddenly come here a lot. No booze. Bread pudding for breakfast is called "French Toast Brulee" and is a lot like sex. Sit on the sidewalk in the narrow alley and it feels a little tiny bit like the Mediterranean. I never ever thought I'd say that about Philly.I went again today for a friend's birthday. (See how I give chances?) She'd made a reservation for 12:00. We weren't seated until 1:00 and then we were two seats short. We were told they would bring seats as soon as they were available. Our waitresses got snippy with the birthday girl when she complained. Again, my meal was run of the mill. It was good, but nothing I couldn't get at any other brunch place. I'm over it.We enjoyed this cafe a lot! Tasty food--the biscuits were light and gravy...fantastic! Service was good to!The ONLY reason this isn't 5 stars is the service.  It's just okay.  The food is simply AMAZING!  The creme brulee french toast is to die for... as are the omelettes and the rosemary potatoes.  We were able to get a table outside, which was perfect.  We walked over on Saturday around 11 a.m. and were seating very quickly.  But that's where the good service ended.  Our waitress was friendly enough, but not at all attentive.  Our water glasses were empty before our food... and she never refilled them.  We finally flagged down a bus boy.  He walked literally two feet to the outside station to pick up the water pitcher and refilled our glasses.  She never checked on us, and then just dropped off the bill without asking if we needed anything else.  She had all the tables on our side (4) and only two others were filled, so it wasn't like she was slammed.  
But now... back to the food.  Everything we saw coming out of the kitchen looked delicious...and we are already planning our trip back to get the Philly eggs benedict and the kitchen sink!  Food = GREAT  Service = ehOverall, great brunch experience. I had the cheesy grits (minus the scrabble) which were creamy and delicious with finely cubed sharp cheddar on the top, which melted it's way into the grits as I devoured the yummy, and slightly sweet, veggie sausages.  Dining partner had the tuna nicoise salad which had a generous portion of seared rare tuna on top, his only complaint that he would have liked more (or some) dressing.  Food was very reasonably priced with generously sized portions, service great, atmosphere 5stars- super sunny spot with plants on each table and that irreplaceable south philly charm.  Also, the 'green' part - their mission to use locally grown, sustainable foods, even growing their own herbs on the roof garden...love it. I will definitely be back with a bigger appetite to try the peanut butter french toast!Wonderful staff and experience every time! Green eggs always has large portions, so I almost always end up with some leftovers. I would have to say this is my favorite brunch place in Philadelphia.What a shit show.
My boyfriend and I were excited to try Green Eggs Cafe after numerous friends saying how good the food was. Well, no one ever mentioned the service... And I can see why. We walked in and grabbed a seat at the counter after being told it'd be a 15 minute wait for a table-- we were hungry!! 
We each ordered a breakfast burrito. I, being a vegetarian, ordered mine with the vegan sausage rather than the chorizo that came in it normally. The waitress asked me if I wanted it totally vegan, I said no, just sub the vegan sausage- I don't eat meat. My boyfriend then ordered his burrito with bacon instead of chorizo (sausage makes him sick). She nodded and went to put our order in. 
When the burritos came out and were put in front of us, I asked the food runner which had the vegan sausage in it (obviously, so I didn't take a bite of my boyfriend's bacon burrito). He said, "oh, one was supposed to be vegan style?" I said "no, just with vegan sausage instead of chorizo.... " So he took mine away, saying it would take them a few minutes to remake it. I look down, and there is a side of something still sitting in front of me. I ask the waitress what it was and she didn't know. I smelled it and realized it was a side of vegan sausage. My boyfriend's burrito came out with the chorizo and a side of bacon. We told the waitress about it, and she dumbfoundedly looked at us and went to get the manager. 
The manager came over to us, and she and the server tried to understand our SUPER COMPLICATED order. They spent a few minutes basically trying to tell us that we were wrong in ordering. (a huge customer service no-no.) Getting frustrated, I said to her, "Clearly there was just a misunderstanding with the order. Can we just fix it please?" She then shot me a dirty look, cutting me off with "LET ME FINISH." So after a few more minutes of explaining how we wanted our burritos (one with vegan sausage, one with bacon-- really difficult, I know) -- she huffily took the remaining chorizo burrito and the two random sides away. 
When our burritos finally came out the right way, they were handed to us by the manager herself. She snippily said as she put them down, "Just to let you know, we don't make modifications like that here, but we did it for you this time." My eyebrows went up, as I recalled the "Vegan Option Available" symbol that appeared next to the burrito on the menu. "That's strange," I mumbled, to which she put her hands up, saying, "I'm just following policy." Strange, usually policies that strict in nature are mentioned somewhere on the menu, so innocent vegetarians and those with food allergies know to eat elsewhere. 
So, in a nutshell, if you're looking for a friendly neighborhood brunch spot, I suggest you try Cantina or POPE (on the weekends) --- the food there is just as good if not better, and at least at those spots you're treated like a friend, not an intruder. 
We will never go back to Green Eggs Cafe. I suggest you follow suit.last week, i had a perfectly pedestrian brunch at green eggs cafe. i was impressed by the design -- it is like an oasis in the heart of south philly. bright and airy, and i like the brick bar and sidewalk outside. 
but the food was simply satisfactory; probably not worth a special trip if you are not in the area. 
i sampled the peanut butter crunch french toast, which is described as "Brioche Texas toast stuffed with whipped crunchy peanut butter and Philadelphia cream cheese served with blackberry jam coulis." sounds delicious, right? somehow, i left that meal raving only about the blackberry jam. the peanut butter seemed like a mousse-type, whipped version with peanuts in it. i love peanut butter, but this just lacked a rich peanut butter flavor. the cream cheese was a nice addition, but it was pretty thick. 
mr. h tried the breakfast burrito, which is a brunch staple for him. Green eggs describes the burrito as, "Flour tortilla with eggs, olives, corn, chorizo sausage, signature potato, tex mex cheese, topped with Pico de Gallo, sour cream, avocado, and fire roasted red pepper black bean sauce." Let's just say that he was underwhelmed. I tried the black bean sauce and it tasted bland to me. no layers of flavor (lime, pepper, etc.) or anything. 
we finished our meals. this is not an instance where the food is inedible or anything; it's just that the flavors seemed lacking. 
let's put it this way, i just kept commenting that this would be a great place to take our parents. which is not a terrible thing.  I also noticed that it seemed kid-friendly, if you are into that sort of thing.
i hear the quinoa is excellent, so i will definitely be back to try that. and i will also give the sandwiches a go. 
i believe there are enough positives that you should give green eggs a shot and decide for yourself if it suits your palette.Excellent food. Excellent service. Vegan options made my day! Everyone needs to eat here! Clean. Friendly. Delish.Located in South Philly, Green Eggs is one of those brunch places you go to if you're looking for soulful, filling food that puts you into a food coma. Second time here, and man this place was PACKED, which is very telling of the quality of food and service. Come here if you're looking for contagious energy. The wait can be anywhere from 30min to 2hours depending on when you arrive. My friends and I were told 30 minutes and ended up waiting 1.5 hours, which is why I subtracted a star.
But man, the food is ALWAYS on point. My friends and I bought the Creme Brulee French Toast (comes with fruits and cream, AMAZING), the red velvet french toast, and two eggs benedicts with potatoes. Okay, thos potatoes are HEAVENLY, and the Hollandaise sauce on my eggs benedict was so yummu-- sometimes it can be difficult to get the right body and acidity of the sauce down but Green Eggs has it on point.
My friend and I split the creme brulee french toast as well and it's one of my favorited at Green Eggs. Sooo filling, I can never finish the whole thing
That's another thing I love about this place-- the amount of food you get is totally worth how much you pay, and it's so filling that you typically have leftovers on your plate to take home.
I also have to say, give the wait staff some extra tip-- for the amount of business this place gets, their quality of delivery is commendable!
5/5 for food, 4/5 for wait and noise. Definitely one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly.I've dined here many times and have never been disappointed. The chicken & waffles, red velvet pancakes and 3 egg omelet are all greatVisited Green Eggs for brunch today, and was not overly impressed. I had a 3-egg omelet with spinach, mushroom and nearly undetectable levels of goat cheese; which came with warm bread (not toast) and their special potatoes, which were extremely greasy and not very flavorful. My bf had the peanut butter french toast and was very happy (it was pretty tasty, I concur). 
However, we had to wait a long time for food, and despite all the servers running aroundwe had to flag someone down each time we wanted more coffee, or water, or salt and pepper. There's potential- I really like the space- but for now it's a 3-star location.Been loving this joint lately.  Ive found my niche here.  It's the breakfast burger and shrimp and grits.  Solid food and in my rotation now.  Huge portions also.  Service is great.. especially bc the place is ALWAYS packed.a neighborhood establishment!  cash only! good food, delicious drinks. be prepared for a wait at peak hours. 
pass on the chicken & waffles but pretty much everything else is solid.While I thought the food was good, it wasn't necessarily great. Their "Philly Benedict" was good enough, but not better than the traditional Benedict. I had a 3 egg omelet, and a 3 egg omelet is a 3 egg omelet I suppose. Actually, I'm beginning to find that most brunch places are all somewhat parallel with each other. 
BUT....I do like this space a lot. It's cozy and airy at the same time. And while their brunch didn't blow my mind, I'm willing to give some other things on the menu a try. The "Kitchen Sink" passed my line of vision and I nearly followed it to the next table. I also support places like this opening up throughout this side of south Philly, and away from the quickly crowded areas of Morning Glory, Sabrina's, Fitzwater Cafe, etc. 
I like that there is a waiting area. The counter seats and take out register is separated from the seating area, which is convenient. I'll definitely be back.  The service was pretty decent, except the coffee question caught me off guard.  "How do you take your coffee?"...I dunno, just bring the usual fixings.Truly a mediocre experience for a spot that has so much hype. The thing they always manage to mess up are the home fries. Come on! Get it right. They always tasted like they've been sitting around for a couple hours.two of the best breakfast dishes here: the kitchen sink and the red velvet pancakes. rest of the food is pretty superb, and the lattes are very good (hazelnut especially). 
service is good some some days and fairly average on others - really depends on which server you get. there is an issue with the wait, as there is often a line on sunday mornings, but that's more a testament to their excellent food than anything else. 
would definitely recommend this as a regular brunch spotThe food here was amazing. I went with 4 other friends and we each ordered something different. We had the pumpkin cheesecake French toast, apple French toast, shrimp and grits, rib Benedict, and chicken with waffles. Everything was delicious. My favorite was the pumpkin French toast and the rib Benedict. I also had a crime brûlée late which was delicious as wellthis place is great and definitely worth the wait! i got the steak and eggs - so good! you can tell a dish is perfect when it doesn't need any salt or pepper. the red velvet pancakes were a must try for my first time. luckily, you can order the kid's size! great portion to share in addition to an individual meal. the latte was just lovely. atmosphere is eclectic and modern. staff was super friendly and work their butts off to keep the place efficient. i cannot wait to return!Nice menu, good food, friendly staff... But why oh Why is it so expensive for a Cash only place? Thats the only negative to this place. Its mainly breakfast/brunch items of crying out loud. Its not fine dining. If not for the price I would actually recommend this place to others to try more often.Disgusting...rude...unprofessional...slop...
I guess it was my fault for ordering shrimp and grits but i didn't expect for them to serve me slop. When I complained about it the waitress looked like a deer in headlights...talk about dumb..,she had to get the manager who informed me of course i could get it made differently but I had to pay for both. Huh? Really...you serve me slop and i have to pay for your incompetent dish. Wait he had the nerve to ask me if I wanted to take it home. So I sat there and ate nothing while the rest of my party had their breakfast. I already knew in my head there was no way i was paying for food i didn't eat so i asked to look at the menu again....$12.00 shrimp and grits...perfect cause the tip on $58.38 would have been $12.00 even swap....meanwhile they were so rude the waitress never even came back to our table she sent someone else. For the first time ever i left exact change $58.38 there was no way the were getting a tip out of me.  How could a manager/owner leave a customer so unhappy and not give a shit. I will never spend my money here again. I hate to even give it one star.Green eggs cafe was absolutely amazing. The wait was not long, we waited about 2 minutes. The restaurant was full so we are lucky on walking in as a party of 2 . Our waitress was very nice and explained anything we needs explained. The food was great. I was so full afterward. We drove from Brooklyn for the day and this was our first stop because we were very hungry. We found this place on yelp and just went. The prices were reasonable and so was the food portions. I would definitely go back.My favorite brunch place. People are always friendly, prices are decent, food is amazing! You may have a little wait at any of the locations but it is well worth it. They have very big portions for such a low price, I'm never able to finish my order. No complaints there, as it tastes just as good later when warming up.I really like this place, but the last couple times it was missing something.. 
Went there last sunday for brunch, I had the turkey panini from the lunch menu and my husband had eggs benedict. as always the breakfast item was delicious and the the lunch item was lame. 
the turkey was dry, cold with no flavor. Even the rich avocado salsa and the basil aioli (both delicious) were not able to make it better. I ate half of a half without the turkey. lame.Back again at the green eggs cafe! Food and service Great as always! This time I tried the 30$ carafe of Valencia orange juice with a complimentary bottle of bubbly!   Let's just say that was a fun brunch! I ordered the steak and eggs on special cooked a perfect medium well marinated hanger steak over medium eggs and the best cheese grits in the world! And I also ordered an irresistible Oreo latte iced  deelish! I left ready to pop and ready for nap time one happy girl! Thanx again green eggs you never fail me!Really good restaurant!! The service and the food were really. I ordered the Veggie Benedict... A perfect combination of different vegetables with butter and a bowl of fruits!!!I absolutely looooved this place. Any guests I had from out of town would go here with me to have the lox and eggs Benedict and french toast. I'm giving it 2 stars *only* because the waitresses can be a little to chatty and take forever to bring out warm, not hot food. This happened once and I thought it was a fluke, but I went again and lo and behold...same thing. The waitress took over 25 minutes to bring out our food.  I don't blame the cooks, the food was great, just not hot- because of the waitress. I never had a coffee refill and it's just unpleasant and annoying now. The busboy seemed really nice. I asked him if he could go check on our food and even he agree we were sitting there for a bit. It can be really frustrating when you see a group near you order dishes that come in skillets, finish their meal, and pay (to boot!) before my food hasn't even arrived....AND I ORDERED PANCAKES! What a shame. I thoroughly enjoy the food, but I will never go back. Take out...maaaaaaaybe...but I am *not* sitting in there and dealing with these waitresses again. Off to Day by Day, they're closer to me anyway. 
two stars for the the food. -3 stars for the horrible service.while visiting Center City in Philadelphia, my son took us to this restaurant at first I was not impressed but the attentiveness f our waiter Blaze and the food's presentation and taste was very impressive. 
caveat: cash only establishment and arrive early before the crowdsI could honestly go on and on about how much I love Green Eggs Cafe! From the restaurant's ambiance, to their delicious food and drinks, and their friendly staff, Green Eggs Cafe has been my favorite Philly brunch place for many years. This location's been my go to one because of the easy to find parking spaces and short wait compared to the other ones. Their Chicken and Waffles Benedict is definitely a must try if you've never had chicken and waffles before. The waffle's very fluffy and pairs extremely well with the crispy fried chicken. Drizzle on some syrup and a bit of hot sauce and it's the perfect sweet and savory flavor! They have super fun flavored pancakes and French toasts, and all their food comes in big portions, so you definitely get your money's worth.My husband and I love having brunch dates here. The food is delicious and portions are large. I rarely finish my food there. It is cash only but they have an atm near the front.This was a great find in Philly. The ambiance is great, hard to believe it's in the middle.of a neighborhood.
I loved the food, prices are reasonable. The coffee was excellent. I'll be back if I'm in the area.Unique menu and well prepared. We shared the Chicken & Waffles Benedict and Creme Brûlée French Toast. We could barely stop shoveling them in to talk to each other!Great place for breakfast. Very good service. Little pricey but the portion is huge...Came after hearing and reading good reviews, but left far from impressed.
We grabbed some coffee after giving our name while waiting to be seated. The predicted 30 min wait rolled by and we watched as people who arrived after us were escorted to our seats. When we asked for an estimate on how much longer our wait would be, we were told that we were next on the list. Another 20 mins passed as we watched others taken to their places. After checking in again, it was revealed that they had skipped over us on the list. They apologized and seated us immediately. 
We wouldn't have minded the mistake if the food had been worth the wait, but the "Kitchen Sink" skillet and Breakfast Burrito that we ordered lacked flavor and were generally uninteresting. 
We will not be returning.I wish this place was closer to me.  I came here last week for breakfast.  The espresso drinks are ridiculously good.  The food portions are very generous and the taste is amazing.  I loved my customizable pancakes (peaches, poached pears, and vanilla cream anglaise?  Hellz yes!), and everyone else raved about their meals.  Even though our party of 6 was seated in a back room our service was great.  Our waitress kept us very happy.
It seems like a lot of people are giving it so-so reviews, which is fine with me because that way I won't have to wait for a table when I go.Awesome Brunch Spot!
We came on a Saturday afternoon, plenty of parking in the area and no wait.  Our waitress came to our table a little late but was very apoligtic and polite.  I ordered their veggie burger with a side of tomato soup.  Their veggie burger was amazing and tasted fresh.  It had a lil of pico de gala on the top and asked to hold the mayo on the side.  Their tomato soup was bestest tomato soup I've tasted in a while. It was a good pulp and not too watery.  My only complaint was that that it came served with feta cheese in it.  I wish they listed that on the menu or else I would of requested no cheese.  My boyfriend got the maryland crab fritatta, I tried a taste of that and it was good but it wasn't a dish for me.  The amount of food they give you is generous be prepared to be filled for the rest of the day. They also have fresh squeezed juices and tangerine juice which I don't normally see at other brunch spots in the city.Loved their cream of mushroom soup as well as the creme brûlée French toast. Everything was prepared well and tasted great. Fast and friendly service. Think it's safe to say I'll be making this my regular brunch spot!THIS PLACE HAS BECOME A FAVORITE! if you want a fun and unique breakfast place look no further. Delicious. I only give it 4 instead of 5 because the service has been slow routinely over my many visits. Slow, not bad. Ill still be going back.Dining room is clean, and the decor was minimal, which works because its a very busy room.  The food is delicious and the portions are enormous!  Staff is very nice and attentive and our food order arrived rather quickly, even though the dining room was packed.  Me and my companion had ordered omelettes and they were so big that we could not finish them. It was a little pricey for what I normally pay for breakfast, but like I said, you could easily get two meals out of it.  Coffee was very good too.  I drink it black and its important that its not bitter, too strong or very weak, their coffee was just right.  The only drawback to this place is the fact that it gets super crowded, and the dining room is loud and it is hard to have a decent conversation here.  Sadly, I'm no longer living in the area, and I haven't been back here since I left, but I would definitely consider coming back if I'm in the area.I have always wanted to try this place out after hearing friends rave about it - so last Sunday, the hubby and I went over for breakfast.  
The place was much bigger than I thought and it was pretty packed.  We did get seated right away which I was happy about because I was starving.  
We were greeted by a not-so-friendly server who seemed bothered.  I ordered a latte and the tofu scramble.  The hubby got coffee and the peanut butter French Toast.  
The portions were huge and the food was delicious!  I would have enjoyed my trip here more had the server been nicer.  We actually  had 2 servers - the other one we had was sweet and made us feel welcomed - unlike the other server.  When it came to tipping, the hubby and I agreed to just leave a 15% tip.  I am usually a very generous tipper, but the one server did not deserve anything higher.  I then realized that her and the other server shared tips and handed the nice server an extra couple of dollars.  
So, all in all, the food was great - but the blonde server could use a lesson on how to make patrons feel welcome.Used to be one of my favorite brunch spots despite the long weekend wait. However, I had one of the worst experiences today. Put my name down for a table and had three other groups of two seated before my party of two. All of which I saw coming in after me. Then, when we were finally seated, I ordered coffee and was given a creamer full of MOLDY MILK. EWW! the waitress didn't seem phased at all when we asked for a new one, maybe she's used to this happening. The food tasted delicious as always when it came but skip ahead a few hours and I feel like I really did eat the kitchen sink!!
Green eggs, what did you do to me??Three stars for eco-minded fare, creative dishes, and friendly servers. Unfortunately, the huge portions were bland and greasy. They forgot the toast and after the first few bites of disappointment, I really just wanted something to satiate me. They were pretty busy so I was willing to overlook the difficulty in getting a waitstaff's attention. Maybe it was an off day?  If i lived in the city I'd give this place another shot.This place is everything, food and prices are amazing.  Had shrimp n grits, a side of red velvet pancakes and a order of the kitchen sink. Some of the best food I have had in years.WOW! Best brunch I have possibly ever had in my lunch. Chose to take my mom here for mother's day, but I was taking a gamble, and she and I could not have been more happy. We both split the frittata, I forget which one, and the New Orleans french toast. Both dishes were incredible. There is a pretty long wait, so if you are starving, I don't suggest going here, or at least eat a small snack beforehand. I will be going back again & again & again. I want the frittata now, actually.I've been here a few times. I absolutely love the creme brulée french toast. delicious. filling. and creative. I've had the veggie Benedict before. also delicious and creative. the shitake mushrooms with it is a very nice touch. I've also had the breakfast burrito minus the chorizo. it was a while ago, but from what i recall it was good. I especially enjoyed the black bean sauce with it. this last visit with the burrito was not one to write home about. we expressed our disappointment to our server, who for the most part handled it very graciously. she informed the manager who did not handle it as well. we informed him how it tasted like it had been sitting out for a while, how it all looked grey and unappetizing, and how the eggs were rubbery and tough...which was the main disgust in the dish. he did not handle the communication well at all. he said this is normal, and this is how all breakfast burritos are. so maybe it is how theirs is, but not all b-fast burritos. how ignorant. he stood there awkwardly interrogating for more information when we already made clear what it was that was disappointing. we felt very off put by it. he eventually offers another dish. after he leaves, our server and at least one more, continued to grill us about the dish, and blamed the reason for it being bad on the lack of chorizo. this also made us feel awkward, and the reason the burrito was bad was because the eggs were an overcooked/rubbery/inwdible/grey mass. the manager came back and said he took a bite of our burrito (ew) and said it tasted like it was supposed to. ok, so point taken, your burrito sucks and we'll never order it again. though unfortunately because of the persecuting nature of the whole experience we will never go there again. probably won't recommend it either. goodbye my love french toast. you will be missed.My grandmom lives across the street and before taking her to an appointment downtown, my boyfriend and I took her to breakfast.
This is a place that I don't understand how it got it's YELP hype.
I had a bad feeling right away about what the service would be like by the blah attitude of the hostess. Looking right at the three of us as we closed the door, she still asked me how many. I understand it's a normal question, but that was like the only thing she said and she really seemed 
Then I met the waitress that had a personality like burnt toast. It just kind of ruins your whole breakfast.
I had to interject to sort of create some kind of dynamic at all between her and my very personable and young at heart grandmother. My grandmother is very sweet, very friendly, and very "with it." Most of all, she's mine. And you better not ever be rude to her in front of me.
Somehow we ended up with a new waitress. I'm wondering if they pool. I then had to tell our new waitress that I have two degrees and I have to work as a waitress. I get that the other one doesn't want to do it. But sometimes we all have to do what we don't want to do. In fact I will tell my fellow yelpers, I most recently was the hostess in a very competitive downtown brunch restaurant... I really do know what it's like!! So believe me when I say, there was absolutely no excuse for her nasty attitude.
I'm glad that they gave us a new waitress, because as a waitress myself, I love giving great tips for average service. It makes me happy. If I had to continute to deal with toast girl and the shitty food, she was going to get beat with a boring tip to match her boring attitude. Sorry. Sometimes, not only do you have to know how to be a waitress, you have to have a personality. The second girl was great and I as well as my boyfriend and grand mom appreciated it.
On to the food...My grand mom wanted medium boiled eggs and a piece of turkey scrapple cooked crispy. She got poached eggs and beef scrapple (which is all that they carry) fried BURNT. Purely burnt. I know because I tried some and it was disgusting. When I tried to tell the server, she told me that that's how they make it there....like they couldn't do it lighter. But it was burnt! So my grand mom didn't want it anymore. Grr.
She told our first waitress that she didn't want potatoes or toast...Of course, she got white toast with her breakfast, lol. I'm guessing it just came with it.
The turkey on my sandwich tasted funny-- like as in old funny. I didn't eat it, and needed three to go containers to take my food with me in case I changed my mind.
My boyfriend got the kitchen sink. In concept, something I thought sounded great. But in reality, I think it was like garbage. Smothered in animal fatty greasy gravy. White, bland, and gross. The whole thing said BLAH.
It's expensive and the food isn't good. I know they must have give us some sort of break on the bill because it only came to $30 and we all had coffee. As much as I don't want to, I can think of other breakfast places where the food really is worth the center city price. I don't care if the bread is two inches thick if it really isn't that good. I would rather have a 1/3 in thick and dream about it all day. I want something delicious-- not HUGE and AVERAGE.
What ever happened to restaurants serving higher quality than you could make at home? Stuff that you dreamed about? No one liked anything. 0/3 plus bad service initially illicits one star and 0 returns.If I could give this place 20 stars I would! The food the environment the music the way it smelled in there! Sooooo amazing I loved everything about GREEN EGGS! Whoever the chef is or the team they have needs a raise and an award for best food in earth! Even the green smoothies and coffee was amazing!! I loved this place please please try this place you will not regret it!!Turning 31, I expressed to my girlfriend that I wanted to do something a bit more low-key with my friends. Brunch it was!
We reserved a table for 10. My girlfriend called the day before and the morning-of to confirm the reservation. We arrived at 1:30pm on the dot, and were informed that they had us mistakenly marked down for 6. 
So the 10 of us, including two children, had to wait 45 minutes to get seated into a table that was really meant for 8 in the back room. The kids had to sit with the bathroom door at their backs and had to frequently shift their chairs for people to use it. 
The food was great, portions were huge, but having to wait so long when we had a confirmed reservation really soured my view of this place.Delicious. Tried this place for the first time with my girlfirend and I was very impressed. Coffee was excellent and I enjoyed the brown sugar cubes they provided as sweetner. I got the "Greek Fritata" and the portion was huge and came with some fantastic toast. I also got a side of bacon that was sliced very thick and was very rich and salty. My girlfriend got the salmon omelete with a side of potatoes and kept raving about it the whole time. One of the better breakfast I've had in Philadelphia.Usually a great alternative to Sabrina's and Morning Glory. The food id great and usually the lines aren't as long as the other places, though that is changing. I always go for the specials.Came here off of other yelp reviews and was not at all disappointed. We had a little bit of a wait (as expected on a Saturday morning) but it was definitely worth the wait! We ordered the creme brûlée french toast and the kitchen sink and we couldn't decide which one we liked better because they were both amazing. The portions were huge and we had enough to share and take home some for breakfast tomorrow. Our waitress Pamela was so sweet and all of the staff seemed friendly. We parked a few streets away and we had to drive a bit to find parking, but we figured that would be the case before we decided to come here. Can't wait to come back and try something else!Outstanding Monday Brunch! First time in Green Eggs Cafe in South Philly! My wife and I were visiting my daughter and her boyfriend when my daughter said let's take a walk to a really nice cafe that she has frequently dined in. I was delighted with her choice! My root veggie benedict with beet holadaise sauce was superb along with a side of cheese grits! My wife had french toast that was massive and delicious. My daughter had a crab benedict and her boyfriend had a breakfast burger! Everything was GREAT! Our server, Daniel, provided excellent knowledge and service. I can't wait to return to this corner cafe in the heart of South Philly!Great coffee.   Servings are very large and not low in calories but very tasty.   Service very good.Haven't had anything on the menu I didn't enjoy. One of my favorites is Egg & Chips aka Eggs My Way... I substitute the potatoes for French Fries then put my perfectly over easy eggs on top and let the yolk oooz over the chips, add some Chulula and ta-da!!! You just had the best breakfast ever!!! I like the turkey bacon too and always ask for it well done. YUM YUM YUM!!!Went to Green Eggs a couple of weeks ago in the pouring rain.   Even with the bad weather there were only a few tables available.  The place looked nice.  Everything was clean.  I had the Kitchen Sink which was very good.  Service was just okay.  I'd go back, although I'm not sure I'd be willing to wait 40 minutes for a table.I am constantly passing by this cafe on my way to Passayunk, and I have vowed to visit on more than one occasion. However, the line if often out the door and the location is small, which can result in long waits. I am not a morning person, so any wait over 20 minutes for my coffee tends to make me testy. My SO and I did finally visit on the morning after a major snowstorm and even then, there was still a small wait of about 10 mins.
Its a quaint little cafe with a nice (if small) sitting room. Its set up for a more intimate experience with your guests, so the wait for food to arrive wasn't expressly noticeable. More importantly, the Short Ribs Benedict allowed me to scratch my Benedict fetish in a way I'm not used to. Very delicious and well-prepared. The food here tends to be on the pricey side.  I wouldn't consider it as much of a negative due to the amount of food you receive for the price, but the drinks (especially the specialty lattes) can send the price into a higher zone than I'm comfortable paying for breakfast. Luckily I'm a coffee purist, which is just fine here...a normal coffee is inexpensive yet slightly above average.
Be prepared to wait a bit, and also for a caloric overload. Especially when getting some of the more signature dishes like the red velvet pancakes (Excellent) and the Creme Brule French Toast (Beyond Excellent). Overall, worth a visit over any standard diner, but the the small negatives prevents it from being a regular affairIgnore all the negative reviews you've read about this cafe! I went there this weekend for brunch with my family (17 people total!). We did have a 30min. wait but boy was it worth it! Not only did they accommodate our large party but the service was  perfect. Meanwhile, we must've ordered more than half the menu. The red velvet pancakes($10) lived up to all the hype! The creme brulee waffles($11) were to die for, the atlantic lox & eggs($12) was like a party in my mouth & the stone grounds grits($5) were THE BEST I've ever tasted! The only thing we all agreed wasn't very good was 'the kitchen sink($10). The biscuits were like bricks, so dry you could choke on them. Lastly, the coffee gave Starbucks a run for their money & the food portions were gargantuan! Not one of us were able to finish all of our food!!I lived around the corner a few years ago and constantly went for brunch and started to love it even more after I started working there and saw how well they treated me and fellow co-workers. I believe they change the menu seasonally but specials change every other week. Highly recommend grabbing an early seat as the place fills up fast. 
PRO TIP: Since we don't offer reservations for small parties, if you can, gather 5 other people to come with you so you don't have to wait for a table. They take reservations for parties of 6 & up!The breakfast menu is great, very diverse and a few good surprises.  Everything we've had tastes fantastic and the service has always been nice - they check up on ya' several times without being in your face.  They also don't skimp on the portions.  The only thing that keeps it from being 5 stars is the food comes out fast, but it's never really hot.I had brunch today with a large group-I was very unimpressed and frankly a bit upset. Call me crazy but I think that the sever should have the wherewithal to let patrons know when the meal that they are ordering is either a small portion size or food for 10. This was my issue when I ordered the red velvet pancakes. What I received was a order that could honestly feed 4! NO warning on the menu and none from the sever who seemed not so pleased with our group size. If they were great I guess that wouldn't matter but they were flavorless and smeared with cream cheese frosting that was meh at best. I also ordered a side of bacon which was soaked in grease, not drained, and not crispy at all! The others food was OK to good. I wouldn't recommend it, I think that there are better and easier to navigate brunch spots that you can pay with cards atHands down maybe the best brunch/lunch place I've ever been too. The staff very attentive and polite. Food is eaten with your eyes 1st. And the food is very attractive visually, and without a doubt the large portions taste very good. If in the area again WILL go again!Finally some great biscuits & gravy in Philly!  Side portion was economical & enough to satisfy two people, not to mention delicious & buttery.  
I was a bit surprised when the yolks in my Eggs Benedict were cooked well done (hard), but the staff corrected & replaced the meal very quickly & sweetly.
two little BEWARES:
$6 for a large Tropicana quality/not fresh squeezed orange juice (I could get a pint of nice beer for less $).  Green Egg's small size is $3, but the large OJ is not listed, so we assumed it would be about 4.50... $6 is incredibly expensive considering an entire half gallon of juice of the same quality at the grocery store is $3.99.
$30 credit card minimum- so bring cash because the food pricing is pretty fair & it may be hard to run up a $30 bill - if your not ordering large juice...
I will definitely return to Green Eggs to sample more of their interesting menu, but I'll bring cash & order water.Quinoa porridge is the most delicious thing I have ever eaten. Fruity, healthy, bowl-licking good. (I did not lick the bowl) Hubby had a salmon omelet with Philly cream cheese. I also had a German chocolate cake muffin. The Germans would be proud of this rich and chocolaty delight - for only $4. This place amazes me with their brunch specialties. Yummy. I would eat more - but was soooo full.One of my favorite spots for brunch in Philly. Food portions are huge and everything tastes great!!
Highly recommend this place. Cash only, but they have an arm.Bad, Bad, bad customer service. We was waiting to be seated. The hostess didn't even ask who was next and just seated her friends before us. I think it is discrimination since we wasn't white. Still bad customer service. Will never ever return again.I've given this place tons of chances. My girlfriend started coming here about a year ago and loved it. The biscuits and gravy were my personal favorite. 
Unfortunately, the last 4 times we've gone, the food  has had serious issues. The biscuits now consistently come cold and have an overwhelmingly bitter baking soda taste. I have no problem with honest mistakes, but having to send an order back 4 times for the first same issue of simply being cold is pretty exhausting. 
The service is friendly, but often items are forgotten or arrive very late.Green Eggs is a little Cafe in South Philly that serves some really amazing brunch stuff.  If you're coming in here on Saturday or Sunday, expect a wait.  If you have a party greater than 4, really expect a wait.  The food is most definitely worth the wait, though!  Their specials are always delicious and the portions are HUGE.  Green Eggs also has a lot of vegan and vegetarian options that look amazing.
The Peanut Butter French Toast is really spot-on and I saw the Red Velvet Pancakes being served up more than anything else.  This time, I got "The Kitchen Sink" which is basically everything delicious and savory in a skillet.  
The iced coffee here is also good and always served with cream and simple syrup.  I'm not sure if they have actual sugar or not....but the simple syrup is pretty awesome.
This place is cash only!  They do have an ATM, but save yourself the service charge and bring cash.Went here for the first time the other day. Service was good (but there was only one other table). Food was great. Had the waffle fried chicken eggs benedict. It was definitely  yummy. Also tasted the red velvet pancakes. Delicious. Will be back as I want to try many more things on the menu.Menu is fun and i love the hipster vibe. It's a little small and crowded but everyone is extremely friendly, service was amazing! I had the kitchen sink and it was so creative and delicious! Lattes are good tooGreen Eggs Cafe is happiness for me. The atmosphere, the staff, the food & beverages  I've dined here on two different occasions; once with friends & once solo. The menu makes my mouth water. When the food/beverages arrive, the presentation & flavors make me do a "happy kid dance". The decor is very inviting & the establishment is kept tidy. Joy was my server today & she truly is a joy.  I wish I lived closer, because I would frequent Green Eggs Cafe more often. It's delightful.Their pancakes we're great!  However their egg dishes seemed fine but not amazing.  Still a fantastic place to go for breakfast!Easily one of the most consistent Breakfast/Brunch spots in the city. The kind of place that makes friends and family envious when you go without them. Everything the menu offers is intriguing, cash only. Sometimes a little wait. But what's that say about the food?..some recommendations. "The Kitchen Sink, Any Rolled Oatmeal with Chantilly, The Green Machine Juice, and finally the Cheese Grits with Scrapple Chips.. (my only issue is they need to scrap that cholula and get some Sriracha)..only go if its you and up to one other person and it's a weekday and it's between noon and 3 and you want to sit at the bar. follow these guidelines (and order a soy latte and the quinoa poridge), and you'll have a fine experience. fail to follow even one of these simple rules and best of luck getting good service.Don't go!!! Don't eat!! Service was horrible. When the food came out it was cold and the manager would not exchange the item. I have never had such a horrible dining experience. While the other reviews have been somewhat good let me tell you this place will never be patronized by any one I know F-Lots of options. Can't really go wrong. What I do recommend is one of the specialty lattes. Service was a little slow. We all got our drinks at separate times.Amazing breakfast! Try the breakfast egg rolls!!!Definitely recommended for an awesome brunch spot!We came to Green Eggs Café with friends. It was within walking distance to where we were, and decided to try it on a whim. We were not disappointed. The atmosphere was cozy and clean, the servers and staff friendly and accommodating. I really loved the restaurant's dedication to sustainable products and the environment. 
Our breakfast was absolutely delicious (2 of our group ordered from the specials menu and the other 2 ordered from the regular menu). Everything was presented beautifully and was equally as delicious. 
Although we didn't know it at the time, Green Eggs Café is a BYO. I will definitely be remembering that for next time. 
All in all, a delicious meal and a great way to spend a Sunday morning. This location is a hidden gem, and I can't wait to being more friends here.Overrated and overpriced.  
My wife went there for brunch this past week.  She had the egg omelet with whole wheat bread and potatoes.  Her meal cost $10.  If you want to substitute the potatoes with grits, such as what I chose with my meal, it cost an additional $2.  Also, if you choose to have egg whites in your omelette, you'll have to pay an additional $2.  Even a substitute for fruit cost you and extra $1 or $2.  You see how it adds up right? Her meal was fine, but nothing out of the ordinary.  Her meal originally came out with a small hair in the food, but she informed the waitresses, who summoned a manager, apologized and offered a 50% discount on her meal.  Within 5 minutes, they brought out her meal, this time devoid of the hair.
To us, paying  $10-12 for an omelet is way overpriced.  The "La Columbe" coffee, which my first cup was not fresh, was mediocre at best, cost $3 per cup.  I had to request for a cup that taste fresh and hot.
I ordered the Pork Italian Benedict for $12 which contained:
House made porchetta, garlic-cherry pepper aioli, sauteed spinach, topped with two poached eggs and provolone mornay sauce, on sliced seeded Italian bread.
I paid extra for the grits which was very tasty and came topped with cheddar cheese.  The eggs benedict tasted fine, but not overwhelming where it was a must have for the next time.  At $14 with the grits, my meal was overpriced and overall not worth the value.
Oh yeah and the establishment is CASH ONLY!  Unfortunately I had to use their ATM, which located on the premise.  My bank, PNC, charged me $2.50 for a "balance inquiry fee" and other $2.50 for a "ATM withdrawl fee."  This is in addition to the $0.99 fee the ATM charges you for each withdrawal.
To sum things up, even with a 50% off my wife's omelet, our bill came to $40 including tax and tip.  This also included a smoothie ($5 or so), which my wife found refreshing.  I'm sorry but our experience at Sabrina's Cafe was much better in terms of the food, service, and price.  I won't hesitate to return, especially with their "CASH ONLY" policy.Came here hungry on a Sunday morning for brunch. The place was packed, and my friend and I were quoted an hour wait. Luckily, I've discovered the secret to beating lines at all brunch places: eat at the bar! So, we stalked the bar and found 2 seats next to each other in about 10 minutes. I opted for a bagel with cream cheese and lox, and my friend got the chicken and waffles. Man, were both of these delicious. I got a ton of lox- like, you couldn't even put it all on the bagel. It was very good. I tried the chicken+waffles, and it was delicious. Kind of jealous that I didn't get that, as the waffle was perfect and the chicken was good. Next time I'm in Philly, I'll definitely be stopping by this place for brunch.Green eggs cafe was delicious! In a neighborhood but worth exploring! We had vegan French toast and egg burrito! Would recommend both!!I finally made it to the breakfast spot I've heard so much about.  We went New Year's Day and yes, there was about a 40 minute wait, but once we were seated, service was prompt and efficient.  Everyone we dealt with had a pleasant demeanor, something welcome in south philly.  Our table ordered the breakfast egg rolls which were phenomenal.  I also got the red velvet pancakes which were just okay, my friend got the pecan pie French toast which she said was delicious, and our daughters got pancakes.  I went a second time in April and it was a repeat performance as far as service, just a really nice comfortable atmosphere and delicious food.  That's all I ask for.   My creme brûlée French toast this time around was thick, rich; just perfectly executed.  Bathrooms were clean on both visits.  Every interaction with staff has been friendly.  Only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because its cash only.  But we will still happily return for more comfort breakfast food in a welcoming space.I will never give this restaurant my money again!  All I wanted was blueberry pancakes...after waiting nearly 25 minutes for our breakfast on a not so busy morning, I was told by my waitress that they were not able to make my blueberry pancakes because she was just informed by the kitchen that they were out. While I was disappointed that it took 25 minutes to tell me this... I asked the waitress if I could please see the menu so I could decide what I wanted to replace it with. 2 minutes later, while still looking at the menu, my wife's pancakes and bacon and "my" pancakes and bacon came out. I asked if these were blueberry and they were not, but for some reason they brought them to me anyway. The waitress then came back and saw no problem with this, so I asked to see her manager....here is where the real problem comes. This pompous prick (Nick) comes over to me and tells me that I am to either eat my pancakes that they gave me or I can get out. I was blown away... I could tell he wanted me to leave at this point, so I stayed. If I wasn't running the broad st run the next day and craving some pancakes, I probably would have left. With so many great places to get brunch in the neighborhood (Sabrinas, Porto, Chhaya..etc) no need to go back...Excellent. 
I went there on a random thursday moning I happened to wake up early, and took a couple books with me. The food was awesome, the servers were very cheerful, (but not the fake, nauseating kind of cheerful), and the vibe was exquisite. It was just such a NICE, happy place. There were people with dogs, a healthy portion of bubbly couples, dads with their kids, and tattooed bikers sitting side by side with cute old ladies. And a few girls in beautiful sundresses heh heh :D
Oh yeah, and the food was killer. I had the eggs benedict - awesome spices on the hollondaise, crisp, buttery english muffin... eggs poached to perfection..... ulllllgghhh. The hashbrowns and peppers were interesting too - perfectly browned outside and soft moist inside, with a myriad of delicious spices. 
Definitely gets 5 stars from me. Can't wait to try everything else on the menu!Well staffed even during the lunch rush hour. Food is awesome!! Met a regular and he said everything on the menu is great, and judging by the meal I just had (Crème Brulé French Toast) I'd probably agree with him. This place is PACKED for good reason!I headed off to Green Eggs on a Thursday morning at 9 with my wife and son with a little trepidation after reading some of the reviews here.  I'm happy to say that the service was the strongest part of the meal.
The restaurant was mostly empty when we arrived, and filled up as we ate.  The Kitchen Sink was tasty - I got it with the sausage gravy on the side to delay my heart attack.
Many of the entrees are marked with a "K", which in this case doesn't indicate it's kosher.  I was confused when I saw the K by the bacon and eggs, but here the K indicates that the dish is available in a smaller portion for kids.  This is a great way to do kids menus, saving you from the standard chicken fingers and PB&J.
The coffee was hot and kept coming, and any request to our waitress was answered quickly and with a smile.  Breakfast and coffee for 2 1/2  people was $30 with tip.  Although it's not in our neighborhood, I'm sure we'll be back.  It's as attractive and welcoming a breakfast space as I've found in the city.I have been here many times and every time I come back I get wowed by something else.  Lemonade French Toast, crunchy PB French toast, steak and eggs, to the kitchen sink and just Sunday the Cafe Burger. Everything is super fresh and so damn tasty. Love this place.  Wish everyone didnt know it was so great so the wait time was less but it's so worth the wait.Amazing Amazing Amazing!!! Do the grits, or the rosemary potatoes, or the omelette....do everything! The nutella latte is sooo good BTW!I love this place, the atmosphere, the music, the people, makes you feel like you know everyone. Me and my gf both got "the kitchen sink" and we both loved it, besides THE MILLIONS OF LARGELY SLICED POTATOS. Literally every bite contained a piece, got to the point where I went on a scavenger hunt picking them out so I wouldn't  get angry. But I must say, there creme brûlée laté was the best I've ever tasted!  Worth coming back too try something new like the creme brûlée French toast!i LOVED this place. the atmosphere was great, people were very friendly, very relaxed , and most importantly the food was awesome!!! u can tell the menu was carefully thought out by a culinary expert. creme anglaise french toast, and eggs benedict. two types of potatoes! so clean and  just an awesome all around experience. I will be going back!!!Food is really good and well-prepared; GREAT Celeriac soup last week!.  Only 3 stars because service was barely OK.  
4 servers standing talking @ back of room w/place less than half full and hadn't been busy for the 30 minutes we were there.  Took 8-10 minutes to be acknowledged that we wanted something and then another 10 minutes to get coffee refill, but no explanation if coffee had to be brewed or why delay.  Maybe the NoLibs has better service or the soon to be opened (?) Gayborhood location will have more professional servers.Living just around the corner, I was excited to have a new breakfast/brunch/lunch spot to add to the rotation of the usual Cantina, Sabrina's, Beau Monde, and Morning Glory options.  However, I was sorely disappointed on more than one occasion.  
The first time we dined here was for brunch with my boyfriend, our roommate and his parents. They were somewhat busy but not apologetically--after waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes then finally being seated we had to wait yet again for our waitress to ever visit our table.  We ordered tea and coffee but disappeared before we could give her our food order.   Our coffee and tea finally came but never any sugar or cream.  When she finally retrieved them, we were shocked that she returned with only milk and sugar in the raw.  Apparently, white granulated sugar, splenda, equal, sweet and low, and half and half are not offered here.  Strange for a breakfast joint if you ask me.  Not that it really would have mattered anyway since both the coffee and tea were cold by the time she brought the chunky brown stuff and cow juice.
Our first trip was also around Valentine's Day. I'm a pretty basic breakfast eater (pancakes, waffles, bacon, although I'm not into eggs or maple syrup) so I was excited to see "heart shaped waffles" on the special menu.  Unfortunately, this meant 2 regular circular waffles which they cut into triangles-not hearts-and I can only assume that they threw the edges in the garbage. This was depressing since there were literally 2 bites per triangular waffle chunk. All this for $9? You've got to be kidding me. When she put it down in front of me our whole table asked where the rest of my breakfast was.  The waitress was not amused and made no attempt to rectify the situation. No one was particularly thrilled with their meals and the bill was certainly not a bargain.
But, I'm all about second chances (with restaurants at least) so we attempted  breakfast there on another occasion just a couple of weeks ago.  This time we were joined by my boyfriends sister and her boyfriend.  After the 45 minute wait we were more than ready to eat.  Having experienced the last stint with the tea situation, I thought ahead and brought my own sugar (I'm a problem solver, I suppose you could say).  For breakfast I went for the pancakes, my boyfriend had the stuffed french toast and his sister and her boyfriend both had the eggs benedict.  The pancakes were diner style and quality, but with another hefty $7 price tag for 3 pancakes.  The berry compote and strawberries were good but in limited amount.  Luckily there was some extra floating around on the french toast plate for dipping.  While he enjoyed the french toast, Scott would definitely vote for Sabrina's over Green Eggs' any day.  The eggs benedict was so-so although the potatoes were admittedly good.  Overall another OK/Fair meal with another unfriendly waitress who forgot about us on more than one occasion.  The most frustrating occurrence was after she dropped the bill and, after waiting 10 minutes, we had to go inside and track her down to run our credit card.  :/
Needless to say we probably won't be back anytime soon.  Although they do say "third time's a charm" so who knows...I met some friends here for breakfast this morning and I was not at all disappointed. I ordered the vegan tofu scramble with rosemary potatoes, vegan sausage and toast. This was absolutely delicious. It was a nice healthy portion and I was stuffed at the end. The others got the peanut butter berry french toast and the vegan french toast. My friend and I agreed that the peanut butter berry version was the best  either of us had every had. It was mind-blowingly good. I will definitely be coming back for more!Wish it was bigger and took debit/credit payments. Other than that this place is amazing. The food is and the servers are nice.We thought this place would be a great shot in the arm to the neighborhood but it's just lame.  The cooperate all black costumes are silly, stiff and so 1993.  We were charged for our small to-go box, which is fine, but when you say its part of our mission statement, present said mission statement where we can see it (admittedly, it may have been in small print on the menu... but tell us when we ask...) My steak and eggs was good, the steak above average, but the breakfast taters were greasy and mushy.   The rosemary potatoes are better then the "signature" potatoes (onions and peppers) but still, greasy and mushy.  The veggie benedict was minuscule and mediocre.  All and all, average food in a in a forced environment that felt planned in a boardroom.This is the spot to go to when you are able to splurge a little on breakfast. It's always fresh and delicious. Try out any of the specials, especially if it involves french toast! You will get hooked on the kitchen sink, always a hit. Friendly staff, and atmosphere.Everything pretty much OK here. I'd say average food with "just fine" service. I didn't see the service as awful. They did their jobs.
I had the tofu scramble. I am a bland eater and normally do not add additional salt, but this was bland for me. They do, though, serve the food in a timely manner.
I really do like the place and theme of being eco-friendly. I like the way it looks, modern with clean lines. 
The prices are pretty comparable to Sabrina's, so I'll wait the 2 hours at Sabrina's, if I had to choose. Only if I'm in the neighborhood, I'd go to Green Eggs.The best breakfast place in our area. Only problem is we can never get in! Such long lines and waits on the weekend so the best time to go is durning the week or early on the weekend. I've always enjoyed the French toast.So it's Saturday morning and my Fiancee would like to go out for breakfast and I had a craving for pancakes. Fiancee says, Green Eggs ? I say no, then had a thought.. Fiancee says I know who has great pancakes. I say stop...I do too and i'm thinking the same thing, Cantina ?  yes, lets go.  Well, we take the walk and find they aren't open 'till 10 am, it was 9:30 am. I sigh and knowing Green Eggs is good, i'm still not a fan do to the treatment I got a few years ago. I also don't like their philosophy about "if the food comes out the way intended, it can't be returned" otherwise you can send it back but will still have to pay for it. 
I reluctantly take the walk to Green Eggs. Surprisingly we were there early enough for it to be a 10 minute wait but even better, there were open spots at the bar and we sat.
My fiancee orders the vegan ginger snap french toast and I get the Lone star benedict. Food comes out in a timely manner. We also order the coffee which was well made and is La Colombe coffee. The french toast was overwhelming a lot and really tasty, not overly sweet. The Lone Star with eggs benedict on toasted brioche and steak strips was really good and flavorful, It's a special that needs to be an everyday choice. 
I give this place 3 stars due to the treatment I received the first time and their written philosophy that is placed on every table. To me it says two things.
                #1 They take pride in their food and are so confident you will like it that if it comes out they way they intend it to, it will not be replaced and you have to still pay for it.
                #2 It says to me they do not care about customer service. 
If something isn't to your liking I believe it should be fixed to please the costumer, without the costumer you don't have a business. Not everyone is going to be satisfied and it puts a bad taste in their mouth that the person is forced to eat it or pay for that meal plus another towards something they like. I can't imagine how many people have been through this.
Yes the food is good, but will always be a back-up, not a priority or a first choice for me and still to this day, I do not nor ever will recommend this place verbally.