Ordered delivery but after waiting two hours never received my delivery. When I called to inquire did not receive good customer service. Gave them a second chance and someone put the the delivery in as a pickup so I never got the deliveryOh Greek Lady. I've probably had it over 40 times, despite not enjoying it that much, purely due to Penn 'free food' events. Sigh. The only thing I've liked here has been the Greek salad in store. 
The gyros are really nothing special here; they're not especially terrible but nearly all of them (despite different meats, flavor combinations, etc) taste the same. Isn't it a problem when multiple people cannot tell what they are eating by the taste and need to look at the label??! (Sadly, I've seen this happen at least 3 times). 
Service in store is bad for take out but pretty reasonable if you are eating inside. Delivery is also very hit or miss-when I've ordered it with other people, sometimes you get more than you ordered (one time, we all got fries with gyros) and other times you don't get something you asked for (we ordered grape leaves and got none). Unless you are absolutely desperate (or it's free), I would avoid Greek Lady.Lady was rude to me and not sure why people call this fast food because I easily waited 20+ minutes for a simple chicken in pita. Food isn't that great either.I had an hour before my next meeting at Upenn and walked by the Greek Lady. On a whim, I turned around and went in. Their menu has the usual beef and cheese steaks, wraps, gyros, souvlaki and Greek appetizers, however, because it was 21F and 21 mph, I opted for their homemade chicken and orzo soup with a side of homemade spanakopita. The soup is hands down the best I've ever had. Big strands of white meat chicken, carrots, onions and orzo, however the chicken broth is what made it spectacular. Seasoned perfectly with the right amount of chicken fat, it is heaven in a bowl. 
The spanakopita is absolutely delightful made from fresh homemade fillo dough and filled with wonderful spinach blend. It is so big, I got a to go box. 
I will be eating at the restaurant again and again it's so good.Nothing too special about this place. Just your average greek food for an average price. Got the house gyro, which came out to $7.51. You can get a similar but smaller gyro at the halal cart for less than $5. You can see the spits that they carve the meat from though, which is either great or gross, depending on your perspective.Stopped here for dinner with the brother and cousin--pretty decent, but nothing that blew me away.  Fries in the chicken gyro were a nice surprise--even though I'd read about it on Yelp.  Wish there were a neater way of eating the gyro--there's really no good way to eat that thing without making a mess.  Cousin got the chicken platter? looked like quite a bit of food.  
Will revisit next time i'm in philly :)Greek Lady! Wooo!
The gyros are good. Love the tzatziki. The salads (~$10) are awesome and generally last me 2-3 meals. Fries and mozzarella sticks are always good, though the sticks are a tad on the expensive side. In fact, if everything on the menu were a dollar or two cheaper, this place would be perfect. This also used to be one of my favorite places to grab a cheesesteak in the city, though this may or may not still be true. Regardless, Greek Lady makes a really good cheesesteak. 
The new renovations make the place nice and snazzy, and quite a bit bigger than it used to be.oh greek lady. how i love thee, let me count the ways! you've made it all the way from a food truck to the relatively large storefront you have today! i think i could live off of greek lady salads and mashed potatoes. the grilled chicken is the BEST.Greek lady is an awesome fast food option for gyros and some typical American fast food, but the service with pick up orders is very lacking.
The food at Greek lady isn't out of this world but for the most part it is a great option for a cheeseburger, gyros, or their grilled chicken salad. In terms of bang for your buck, the grilled chicken salad is a pricey $8.50, but you get a significant about of food that can easily become two meals!! 
The reason I'm giving Greek lady three stars however centers around the service I've received with pick up orders. On my last four orders, something has gone wrong ranging from getting the wrong order, to getting the wrong dressing, to placing the wrong order in the computer despite repeating the correct order back to me. It is a pretty small thing but now I always check my bag before I leave the store and I would recommend that to anyone else.This place is truly awful. The home fries were inedible and I had to throw them out because they smelled like dead animals. I also waited so long just for a mediocre omelette. I feel like every time I come here it sucks. This is the last time.Soo delicious! The French fries in the gyros are a great addition. Perfect for a quick, cheap, and yummy meal.I find this place to serve large portions of Greek and American food.  The taste is pretty average and the portions are so large such that you probably can't finish your dish in a single setting.  The Greek Lady salad is huge and you should probably order it to go but eat in so you can finish it later (and order the dressing on the side).  You'll never need to specify "extra feta cheese," because the portions are generous.  I ordered the spinach, feta cheese, and grilled chicken sandwich (on a pita rather than a roll - I actually recommend the latter) on one occasion and thought the cheese flavor overwhelmed the sandwich.  And since feta has such a distinct, tart taste, it's easy to get sick of it when the portions are so big.
I've also ordered the Greek Lady gyro which I find to be the most palatable dish out of everything I've ordered here.  The lamb gyro is more expensive and not as tasty as the Greek Lady gyro which contains pork shavings as its meat.  The tahini sauce is tart and tasty and the lettuce has been sufficiently fresh every time I've ordered a pita.
The cheese fries are a good item to order if you have several people with whom to share them.  I don't recommend the shakes since they're somewhat runny (but then again this depends on the person who makes them), but there isn't much quality control in their preparation.
I would go here again if I were very hungry and in the mood for a gyro, which isn't too often.  As for service, sometimes the waiters/food preparers are tardy in getting the food out to you (one time I had to remind a waiter that my food was sitting out on the counter next to the food preparers) and somewhat negligent.  This cannot be helped if the place is busy, but a friendly reminder can't hurt if they've overlooked bringing out your food in a timely fashion.
Lastly, this place offers delivery service.
Service: B
Taste: BThis review is for the service. I've ordered delivery several times, but the staff working the phones are becoming increasingly rude to the point that I start wondering whether the food is really worth the unpleasantness. This seems to be one of those establishments that the more you order, the worse they treat you. Instead of thanking you for frequenting the restaurant, they seem to think they are doing something wrong (being too inexpensive, etc.) that you begin to return. It's really unfortunate.I have a soft spot for this place. The food is quick, fairly-priced and delicious, and most things come with fries! It's not gourmet, but it hits the spot and is very convenient.
The remodeling has definitely made the restaurant ambiance more appealing... and there's extra seating now, however it's still hard to find a spot to sit during the noon lunch rush!
I've also ordered catering from Greek Lady on numerous occasions. They are easy to work with and have delivered quality each time.
I'll be back again, for sure.They had me waiting on hold for approximately 15 minutes I have never waited this long to order food. They need to up there staff.If you're looking for a quick place to eat good food, this is the place to go. I came here with some friends for brunch and the service was quick and good.  You order at the cash register, pick up a number, and they bring you your food to your table.  I ordered the three scrambled eggs which came with potatoes and toast. My friend ordered the French toast which was pretty simple.  Overall the food was like any other breakfast cafe, but it's a good place to go for a quick sit down breakfast.  I definitely want to come back though to try their gyros.I like this place for its consistency. Not the best Greek fast food in the word, but consistently good. Recommended any time you have the munchies.Never been the the store but had their sandwich at a lot of club events haha. I guess all I have to say is I like it but I don't know if I would personally buy it from the store ahha since I just eat it at eventsAmazing grilled salmon. The pita bread is one of the best I have tried and the eggplant dip as well. Staff and place are very well organized.jesus, they give you a lot of food. 
i ordered the lamb gyro platter with salad, lemon roasted potatoes, and steamed broccoli. no, i wasn't being fatty mcfatpants and ordering a la carte for all items. the gyro platter allows you to either get soup or salad and you choose 2 sides from a pretty extensive list. i literally had three meals off this amount of food, and when broken down (including the delivery charge and tip), i spent about 5usd per meal. i don't think i can eat that cheaply from the grocery store.This place is great. I had the grilled chicken salad and it was huge! Very tasty grilled chicken and lots of it. The reason why I didn't give five stars is because they were skimpy with the veggies. I saw two small tomato wedges,a couple of cucumber slices and a sliver of red onions. I'm used to having more veggies in my salad. Especially for almost $10. It won't stop me from returning though. Next time,I'll try the lamb gyro.Update: Can't get yelp to post a response to you directly Demitri, but the most recent wrong order was this past Friday, December 18. Ordered through the website around 12:30, took until 1:45 for the order to be delivered. Everything was cold, the cheesesteak had lettuce, tomatoes, and onions (was ordered with nothing extra) and bacon cheeseburger with onions arrived as just a cheeseburger. Again, would have sent it back but by the time it arrived we were too hungry to bother. Happens almost every time.They service suck I just ordered two hrs ago and the asshole who answered sounds like a burn out meanwhile my food still hasn't arrivedi've been eating this kind of food for as long as i can remember.  Toledo, my home town, is swarming with greek restaurants. so it's in my blood...probably literally....grease (and Greece) stays with you.  (stop the pun madness!)
anyway, i haven't had anything but the lamb gyro, but why bother ordering anything else?  it IS the GREEK lady.  the tzatziki sauce (which makes a good gyro) is pretty good, although they could put more on it.  they also use soft greek pita, which is always the better choice in gyro sandwichery business.  and before you order one with a side of fries, you must know that they put fries IN the sandwich!  IN!!!!! but i'll take mine with a side of fries, please.The recent renovations are really lovely and the expanded seating area is a very welcome addition. The restaurant feels much cleaner and brighter. I like that the order and pick-up areas are separate to keep customers flowing.
I enjoy their chicken gyro when I'm in the mood for "fast food". Something about the french fries inside just adds that extra, greasy, yet satisfying something. I may move on to trying other menu items at some point. I've gotten a peek at the salads ordered by other customers and they do look rather appealing. 
Greek Lady is also a good bet in a pinch when working a long shift at the hospital because they deliver fairly late and, chances are, the rest of the unit staff will want in on the order, too.Great food!
I took my wife out to get a late lunch here. This was the first time we ever went here and we were surprised with the large portions of food we received for the price. We both ordered two gyro platters and one large tea to share and it came out to around $26. 
The food was fresh and delicious. The only downside was the length of time it took to receive our food. There were not many people in the place at the time and we literally waited for our food a minimum of 20 minutes.Freshman/sophomore year, I used to rock Greek Lady's truck for coffee in the morning and a gyro at lunch.  Fries in my gyro.  Nuff said.Always dependable with a variety of foods. You can go Greek one day, american, sandwich, wrap, anything your heart desires. This was my go to place for 7 years in Philadelphia, being across the street from the dental school. They have great service. They deliver door to door in the dental school. That was a major plus!!
Too many fond memories of this place, will always have a special place in my heart.If you like good Greek gyros and tzatziki - then try out Greek Lady. 
Food:
Their gyros, souvlaki, and tzatziki appetizer are on point. I've had both chicken steak and they are both flavorful and delicious. The fries are good too but make sure to try out their lemon potatoes and Caesar salad as well. 
However, I've had their combos with corn and I prefer and little more butter. Wasn't too please with their side dishes particularly. 
Ambiance: 
Very clean and modern on the inside. Great feel. Outside/covered seating as well. 
Price:
Not bad for the food you're getting. The tzatziki appetizer is pretty big - too big for one person. The gyros and souvlakis are STUFFED full with plenty of meat as well. 
I'll defiantly be back for more!The food is very good, but don't ever get delivery! Each time we order from here it takes over an hour to get here & we are 10 blocks from the restaurant! When the food gets here over an hour later something is usually wrong with the order.I'd gladly give 4 stars based on the food, but the service drags it down to 3 (on its worst days, a 2.5 or even a 2). As a previous Yelper mentioned, the tzatziki is phenomenal. The salads and sandwiches I've had were invariably good and clearly made w/ quality ingredients.  I tried their breakfast for the 1st time last week and was happy. It's all a little overpriced, but not egregiously so. 
But alas, the service...my expectations are quite low as far as service goes in a joint like this: all I ask for is an attempt at efficiency and an absence of utter contempt for me and my attempt to spend money in your/your employer's establishment.
I've gone there almost every day since they reopened (it's ridiculously convenient to my work place), and it's almost always very busy; but I have never seen all 3 cash registers manned at one time, despite a number of staff congregated behind the counter. They clearly see the line, often casting disdainful glances at it, but don't make a move to expedite it. Once someone deigns to acknowledge your existence, you can count on customer service ranging from distant to passively-aggressively hostile. Twice I waited several minutes for the guy @ the counter to finish flirting with a customer who had been waited on and was just waiting for their order. The cooking crew seems to be hustling, but due to the slow counter service and the volume, a 25-minute wait for a salad is not uncommon. That's just not cool. 
The food is pretty good,  but if the service doesn't get less suckful soon, I guess I'll be stuck w/ Qdoba and their more-overpriced fare but less-sh*tty service.Wow! I got the Greek Lady Salad which is a Greek salad topped with juicy, freshly cooked grilled chicken. This salad was HUGE and had probably 3/4 of a pound of chicken in it! Very well worth the $10. Lots of creamy feta, peppers, lettuce, Kalamata olives, cucumbers, onions, and a hard boiled egg. Also came with a side of warm pita. 
My boyfriend got the lamb Gyro which was also huge and had tons of juicy meat in it and was loaded with the typical fixins (lettuce, tomato, tzatziki) and even a few fries! I guess that's their extra special touch to please the local college kids. A huge "sandwich" for $6.25. My friend got the chicken Gyro and was equally as pleased with the taste and quality although it looked like there might have been less meat than the lamb one. 
Quick and friendly service, great atmosphere. We will definitely be back!Although that food is great, the service is HORRIBLE. Today i ordered a the grilled chicken Cesar salad when my delivery came, turned out to be a hoagie. When i called i didn't get any apology but the girl who answered stated my salad was free and that they was going to fix it. Who wouldn't want a free salad but i still was to upset accept the offer. the "manager" eventually got on the phone and tired to argue with me saying things like "we've been here 30 years, what do you like we're going to do to with your salad".....like excuse!? who does she think she is, that was so unprofessional. I just kindly hung up her.
5 min later i received call form the delivery guy stating that he was here with my order, when i got there my order was NOT free as promised but $5 ore than want my order was on the menu. OH REALLY THEY ARE NOT GETTING ANY OF MY BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!
Signed,
A very hungry lady who still didnt have any lunch today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This a a great place to get food when you are on the go. The only issue I have with this place is the customer service over the phone. Sometimes when I call, the person sounds like she has an attitude, which can be a real turn off.Decent chicken gyro. It won't blow your mind but it's a solid choice. My only issue is that sometimes it's really good, but other times it doesn't taste all that fresh.Wow. This has been the worst Greek food I have ever had. I won't discuss their breakfast or other american choices, but as their main food and their name states...change it to just Lady. No no no flavor to any of their Greek food. Have done that culture and food a great misjustice. There are tooooooo many things wrong with all their food to go into it, so just trust me when I just say don't......don't eat there expecting a good gyro or souvlaki. It's a shame these students and local residents cant go a little further to the better Greek restaurants of Philly. Not a Greek atmosphere in terms of decor and music, but more of a family restaurant.College-y loud and kinda disorganized, it might take you a while to get your food if you go wait for it.  Good for take out or delivery, though, and...they are open really late on the weekends.  There aren't that many veggie options but i usually go for Hummos and Grapeleaves which is totally decent and enough for 2 people.  The Tatziki that comes with the grapeleaves is yummalicious.I was somewhat apprehensive when my cousin asked me to meet her here for brunch, given this place is known for its gyros. Surprisingly, they have a great breakfast selection.
I got the greek omelette and a frappe (my sister and I were addicted to these when we went to Greece). The greek omelette came with home fries and toast. It was very satisfying and tasty. The frappe was also pretty good as well. A nice casual brunch spot for cheap (~$12).I like The Greek Lady for the value. They give you a ton of food for a very reasonable price. Salads are HUGE and if you order a gyro platter, you get two sides and a side salad for around $11. Great deal.
I recommend the lamb gyro. The lamb is
flavorful, the pita is nice and soft and the tzatziki is addicting. I usually get a Greek salad, which is of course, topped with fresh feta. Yum! Also, I usually get fries and some sort of vegetable for my two sides. Fries are okay, not very memorable and I will say that one major downfall, for me, is the vegetables that are so bland and tasteless that I can never finish eating them.We were just walking by and felt like trying it.. We tried the veggie pita wrap platter the quantity is very good but the wrap was over filled with sour cream which kind of made it too much.. Not bad but it's not a place that you will crave for since there much better options around philly area!!! Just being honest:)Buffalo chicken cheesesteak = the bomb. I've had some disappointing gyros and wraps from this place though!This place looks and operates like a fast food place and has very fast service, but the quality of the food is like a legit restaurant.  Fresh, flavorful, balanced.  Reasonable prices.
All-around-good.  Nothing really stands out as amazing but there was nothing objectionable about my meal.  Even during a busy time, with a long line, the wait time was reasonable and the food came out quickly.
And they don't just serve Gyros, you can also get spanakopita, grape leaves, and some of the other classic Greek dishes.
I solidly recommend this place!I recommend trying the Greek Lady Salad. For just $10, you will get a yummy & very generous portion of chicken & feta. I've been here many times and the salads & wraps are always great.They have good food for a reasonable price and they give HUGE portions. Get the Grilled Chicken Plate all the way! Mmm.They actually do a very good lamb gyro. Chicken, however, is wildly inconsistent. After giving them a few shots at redemption, I now only go for the lamb gyro.I have ordered from Greek Lady for 4+ years since working in the city.  The salads are very good and the portions are huge.  I can't justify ordering a salad from any where else because the portions are so large.  
The last 3 times I ordered from here, I have been disappointed.  The one time the chicken was undercooked and there were items missing from the salad.  They did bring us a new one....45 minutes later. The delivery times have been about an hour and just yesterday it took them an hour and 35 minutes!! - I ordered online and after 50 minutes, I called them and the woman told me it was on it's way......it still didn't get to me until about 40 minutes later because they forgot to make it.  I know this because it was written all over their ticket "make it! make it! make it! Delayed order!" I understand things happen, but if your food isn't right or you call because your order hasn't arrived after 50 minutes, at least apologize.  The person answering the phone is never friendly which is why I resorted to ordering online.  After my last 3 experiences though, I will not be ordering from here any more.  If you order, expect a long wait time.Hefty portions.  Great for veggies and protein.  Perfect for a night* you don't want to cook (* nights if you are a light-eater.  The salads can last for days.)  or when you want to eat out and don't want to spend much.  The warm gold hues of the restaurant are nice for dining.   I'm going to miss this place when I move.The good was okay and came out quickly but the service left a lot to be desired. I got charged for something I didn't order but at least they were nice about removing the charge. I sat outside because it was warm, but apparently they expected me to go inside to get the following: sugar for my coffee, salt for my eggs, and a glass of water. It was a good deal but I am not a fan.I was looking for a good Greek restaurant in University City and found this place. It's quite disappointing. The food was dry, the veggies were wilted, and the fries were soggy. I will not come back.Delicious food! I ordered the grilled chicken gyro with veggies and fries inside and not only was it fresh but it was still hit by the time I got back to desk and that's 6 city blocks! I would definitely recommend taking a stroll here. I only had to wait 4 minutes for it to be ready. Cashier was really nice. Two thumbs up!Everyone at work raves about this place. I had a lamb gyro and it was pretty good. The service was super fast which was surprising since it is usually packed during lunch time.I first had the Greek Lady when my son was getting a procedure performed at CHOP....I have returned several times because the food is authentic and always consistent. 
My suggestion is to get the village style gyro. Truly a gem. 
Service is great, put order and they bring food to your table. No need for gratuities as its counter service. Great food, great service.Fresh Salad, quick service, good gyro, What are you waiting for? 
Greek lady is a casual place for weekend brunch or friend meeting. The store locates at university city. So a lot of students come here during lunch or dinner time.
I personally think they have the most fresh salad in university city. If you like fresh veggie, don't miss this place.Good Greek spot. We got a chicken souvlaki and chicken sandwich. 
Amazingly tasty meat with soft and warm pita. They have fries inside the sandwich which makes the sandwich very big but tastes great. Fast service and good portions. Tzatziki appetizer is another great way to start off ur lunch or dinner.
Lots of options on the menu and good overall service. 
Grab and go place right off campus. Probably would try a new place before going here again, just for a change. 
The only thing holding this place back is that nothing on the menu jumps off from traditional Mediterranean dishes.HUGE salads - great deal for the price. The salads could serve as two meals. Gyros are delicious, though I'm not a fan of fries inside them (would rather have them replaced with more meat or veggies).Terrible service,found a hair in my food and they refused to refund me. I work at a near by hospital and my floor frequently ordered from them, we stopped because of all the order mix ups and rude attitudes.Good food and a nice atmosphere if you're in the area. The food was not to pricey and incredibly filling. Staff was nice. Everything was clean.I've eaten in and had delivery.  All the gyros are solid and prices are decent as well.  I'm not sure how authentic it is but I mean gyros in general are pretty good.My regular go-to items at Greek Lady are the chicken gyro and french fries. The gyro is so large that I usually split it with someone and the french fries, in my opinion, are the best in the city. When I have people visit me from out of town they specifically request to go to lunch at the Greek Lady for the fries alone. The chicken salad is also fresh and large (comes with lettuce, red onion, cucumber, tomato, and hard boiled egg) and is big enough to be divided into three meals. I recommend the oil and vinegar dressing on the salad (it doesn't take away from the taste of the fresh chicken). 
Take-out does take awhile so it's best to call 30 minutes ahead to make sure it's ready when you come to pick up your food (especially important for workers at Penn that are on a timed lunch break). I honestly have never used the delivery service because of the yelp reviews saying the delivery is consistency late. If you come during peak hours (lunch and dinner) sometimes it's a little difficult to get a table. One of the best features of this restaurant is that it is CLEAN. The tables, floors, bathrooms and food areas (that you can see) are all very well kept. 
All in all a good place to get a quality meal at a low price. I come here every few weeks and I look forward to it.I used to love Greek lady until they reopened from renovations. I don't know what it was after that but the place has just become ridiculously crowded, excessively noisy, and most definitely not for those looking to have have just a regular eating experience. Breakfast I would not recommend at all. Due to the crowd everything seems a bit rushed to the point where they made my sandwich incorrectly THREE times. I got so annoyed I just ate it, wrong order and all. Completely unacceptable. If you plan on going here and want to skip the raging undergrad crowd, just takeout. On the plus side their salads have large portions and I hear the gyros are highly recommeded. However, for me this place is no longer worth the time or effort it takes to dine in.This place is an excellent authentic Greek cafe style restaurant with both fast food and traditional home style Greek sandwiches and dishes. The decor inside it very nice with a vintage taverna feel with modern accents.
I usually go for the chicken gyro sandwich and greek salads. I also like the home made Greek style dishes made daily on display right at the entrance.
There are also very delicious desserts, I'd you like good baklava and other Greek delicacies of the sort.Ordered delivery but after waiting two hours never received my delivery. When I called to inquire did not receive good customer service.I called right before they were about to close and the woman took my order anyway! My chicken gyro was all of that! I never leave here unsatisfied.Visited this place for the first time yesterday. Nice airy place, reasonable prices, and reasonably good food. The service was friendly and super fast. Had the chicken gyro, was pretty good. Will be back for more. I have heard that the feta cheese served here is excellent.I used to eat here almost  every single day back in college, getting a Greek Lady salad with grilled chicken. It was a reliable staple. The feta cheese was fantastic, service friendly, and price right for the serving size (one salad was easily two meals).
I went back recently and was a bit disappointed. They've expanded the space, which I suppose is great for them but it seems to have lost a lot of charm. The salad didn't seem as fresh as I remember (although the feta was still yummy) and the pita bread was really stale. Maybe it was just an off day or maybe my memory is inaccurate, but I think the Lady has begun to let herself go.I come here quite often with my church friends either before or after an event. There's more than enough space to accommodate large groups and the food is always plentiful. The curly fries are scrumptious. The chicken/lamb gyros are always stuffed with juicy meat and French fries. And the grilled chicken salad....holy do they give you a ton of food! And they give you pita on the side! So if you want to skip out on the calories but still end up full, get the grilled chicken salad. So worth it. (And treat yourself to a side of curly fries while you're at it!)I like Greek lady's food. Unfortunately, their catering is too hit and miss to use again. I ordered my food to be delivered at 11:45 AM, and they didn't show up until noon. noonThis was after they called that morning to confirm the time. Then they forgot to give us plates. It ended up ruining the entire event.I must say it was a pleasant surprise. They have much better food than you would expect from a counter-serve. We had lamb gyro; ingredients were fresh and crisp, and the portion was just right. Dessert (taifiki) was pretty unique with but tasted okay. Ample and comfortable seating is another plus. Will definitely return.I LOVE THE GREEK LADY! Been coming for years. My favorite has to be their lamb gyro! It's an amazing size for a great affordable price. This time I ordered a platter which came with two sides and a soup or salad. I got the salad, rice and baked vegetables. So much food I had enough for the next day. Also, their customer service is A1 I definitely recommend you make a visit!3.5 stars overall, a very solid value for food delivered FAST in University City.  French fries inside my gyro?  Don't know if I'll now start asking for that moving forward, but I gotta admit it wasn't too shabby.
Lamb gyro (as large as your head) ... 3.5 stars
Lemon potatoes ... 4 stars
Green beans ... 2 stars
Spanikopita ... 3.5 starsGetting really tired of them getting orders wrong, I try to be sympathetic here and there but it's a habit at Greek Lady that has be staying away.Quick and tasty food! I came here a lot when I went to Penn, and it is definitely a go to lunch and dinner (and even breakfast) spot for a lot of undergrads! I love their chicken gyros. The chicken is moist and juicy, with a crisp outer coating, and their gyros have French fries in it (which make it taste even better)!! They also have huge salads that will literally last you for days. There is indoor and outdoor seating, which is great for the upcoming summer!Great little spot for some Mediterranean and Greek food. Ordered a gyro salad and it was definitely large enough to share. The dolma and yogurt dip was flavorful as well. The prices were very decent in comparison to the portion sizes and would come here again. Whether you're taking it to go, sitting in the small eating area or on the patio, you'll have plenty of dining optionsOkay, so it is not like Greek Lady has amazing food. But it is pretty good and you get good value for your money. If you are in the University City area and need a casual, affordable breakfast, Greek Lady is great.
My favorite dish is at Greek Lady is the Greek Omelet. It is an omelet with feta cheese, spinach, and tomatoes. All of the omelets come with home fries or fruit. I usually get the home fries. The fruit they give you is mostly melon-type fruit, which I don't really like. I also really like getting a gyro if I need a quick dinner. The best value on the menu for sure is the salads. They are HUGE. And that means something coming from me. 
Overall, definitely don't go more than a few blocks out of your way to come here. But it is really convenient and great if you are in the area.As much I would love to give the Greek Lady five stars I cant. Let me first say the service was amazing, fast and friendly. However the food is another thing. Well I order the chicken gyro, Let me first say I didnt know they put french fries inside of it. What in the world. Instant turn off! I didnt know if I was eating dry french fries or dry chicken. The chicken I had in the gyro was dried out like it was on the grill too long. Now the veggies was amazing I order broccoli and string beans both was hands down the best. The hummus was to stiff for my liking and lacked flavor. It was very bland. I almost feel like I wasted my money because the only thing I like was my vegetables. Knowing what I now know if I did go back I truly know how to order. Will I be going out my way to come here.. Umm no.Currently been waiting for around 20 minutes for a to go order. Told the person... he ignored me and continued to bring out food for others, even though I could see mine on the counter behind him.The lamb gyro just isn't consistent anymore. Sometimes its heavy and full of meat, other times it light on the meat and filled with lettuce and fries. I got the platter once, that was a terrible waste of money. I will just accept it for what it is and take my chances.Today i had the lamb gyro and it was great!! The ingredients were fresh and they dont skimp on meat or tzatziki sauce.  The fries that are in the gyro were a welcome surprise.  This will be my new gyro spot :)I am a fan of this place!
Their pancakes are always a treat! their gyros very juicy and filling!
The home fries are the worst!
They can improve on their service thoughThe appetizer Sampler Plate is huge and everything on it tasted delicious. It fed four hungry people. My familyhad gyros and said they were good but not memorable.  I'm a grape leaves aficionado and their's pass with flying colors. The hispanic woman who delivers the food to the table is super sweet, however the woman running the kitchen and take-out orders is a real b!&@&.  She was yelling at the poor kitchen staff and was even curt with a customer who had food allergy questions. nothing is worst than witnessing poor treatment of restaurant workers who are trying to make an honest living.  I would have given more stars if it weren't for that lady...hope she isn't The Greek Lady!!I like ordering from this place because they'll deliver to the law school.  Also, people seem to love that they put french fries in their gyros which is interesting.  I could do without them.  Their meat is flavorful and their pitas are thick and quite soft (just don't leave the cut up pieces you get with hummus out because they go stale/hard quickly).  
You can tell this stuff is TERRIBLE for you but it's pretty tasty (prob from all the salt?) so if I don't have time to think about what I'm eating and I need sustenance, this place will do the trick.  This place doesn't seem as greasy as Hummus but it doesn't taste exactly healthy either.  It definitely feels more fast-food-y than Hummus so this place satisfies a more naughty fast-food-type craving.
The greek salads are decent but they aren't very "authentic" (lots of iceberg lettuce).  I love the salad dressing though (nice vinaigrette).  I actually really like their lemony potatoes and their portion sizes are quite generous.  The feta is decent.  I'd stick to the lamb gyros and get lemony potatoes.I came here for the first time last night, before a movie at the Bridge. It's a typical college dining experience, but in place of pizza and burgers, you have gyros and moussaka (I think they have burgers too actually). I got the lamb gyro, which is as good as they come. No fuss no muss. Order your gyro, pay for your gyro, get and eat your gyro, roll out. Good stuff.Greek Food.  Fast Food.  A little slice of the motherland, served up fast and greasy.  Mmm-mm.
I go here when I'm craving a gyro.  YOU should go here if you're having trouble sleeping, as I've found that consumption of their food makes me want a nap harder than I've ever wanted one in my life.  Maybe it's the french fries inside the gyro that push me over the soporific edge...I really wanted to like this place because I love Greek food. However, the menu is too ambitious (fries in the sandwiches), when I want the standard Greek fare. Gyros overloaded with lettuce and dressing, scant lamb meat overcooked and greasy. Second time I want there I ordered the lamb gyro platter, but it identical to the sandwich, with overcooked greasy meat , tasteless fries (which I specifically stated to put on the side), and bland mashed potatoes (they got the order wrong).Food trucks have better service!
Great food but poor service. 2 stars because around these parts you can great food but with much much better service. Do not recommend unless you just need a quick meal. Highly recommend other places, food trucks have better service than this place! They don't even have common courtesy to say thank you or have a wonderful day. It's just business for this restaurant!I've been working at Penn for over a year now and just recently went to the Greek Lady. I've heard all about it from friends and students so I finally went to check it out.
A friend of mine and I went to lunch here on a Friday afternoon. Although we were ahead of the typical lunch time (we were there at 11:45), the restaurant was well packed but not too crowded. Although there was a mid-size line, it went super fast. I'm sure they know to get through everyone fast during that time of day. After placing my order, my friend and I found a table. By the time we had returned from getting utensils, our food was already at the table!! What quick turn around! 
I ordered the House Gyro with Spanakopita. The spinach pie is definitely something to be shared, since they give you 6 full size pieces. Between the two of us, we finished it off but barely. As for our Gyros, they were stuffed to capacity. My pork was perfectly done and the tzatziki sauce was a great touch of sweet. There were only 3 french fries on the sandwich, so I don't think they should advertise that it comes with fries -- but I didn't order it for the french fries anyway. Overall, the food was delicious. It was my first time eating authentic Greek food, so I was impressed and satisfied. A great lunch location.
I've heard the place has undergone renovations recently, so when I first got there I was glad to see that it was very nice inside. Although the lay out is somewhat confusing (there are people standing waiting for their take-out orders right around where the order-line starts), the seating area is spacious (for the restaurants' relative size) and airy. It did get loud during our meal, but that is to be expected during lunch hour.
My only suggestion to the restaurant would be to have a menu that is on the wall. As far as I noticed, the only menus they had were printed ones, which tend to get wasted or thrown away after people look through them. If they have something posted where patrons can look up and order (similar to other take-out restaurants), it might speed up their process and reduce the waste.
Other than that, I would say that this place is pretty good for the food it offers -- authentic Greek dishes with ample portion sizes!Just had the simple Lamb Gyro with everything and basic coffee. The gyro was flavorful and the meat was succulent. Definitely worth getting out of center city and coming here for the gyro. Haven't had a good enough gyro in the city yet ( reading terminal market comes close). Also totally worth the price - they are generous with the portions. Can't wait to go back and try their platters!I've tried a few pita sandwiches here: 
- the gyro with dried up meat pieces
- the veggie one, which includes soggy french fries
They are edible but the ingredients aren't great. Seems like mostly bread and fat, with little else.Gyros are pretty good; sometimes I go and just get their pita because it's to-die-for when it's fresh and warm! Huge delicious salads loaded with chicken that you can split with a friend. and both be stuffed. It's a bit pricey but worth it for 2 meals in one!
Almost always crowded, so expect a little wait and unhappy workers.i like this place quite a bit. it is a litlte far from the law school (hey! im lazy! and its cold in philly!) but when i make the trek out there, it never fails to satisfy me. there is the surprise french fries in the gyro which is pretty cool. but also, their meat is really tasty. if i desire to be more healthy, i go with a salad or a chicken platter. their salads are plentiful... not the best tasting salad in the world, but for $7-9 bucks? yah, its a pretty good deal!Average food for reasonable prices. This is basically a Penn college student staple. The gyros are decent and stuffed with french fries. I came here a few times for "brunch." Brunch really isn't that good...omelettes are dry and not fluffy. Potatoes are usually overcooked and flavorless. You basically need to load up on ketchup, salt, and pepper. Actually now that I think about it, most of the food items err on the dry side. 
Only plusses are fast service (except for brunch on Sat/Sun) and close location to campus.BEST Gyros in the city. Nothing else compares. Real lamb gyro meat with fries in the middle. Everything else looks good but only had the gyros because how good they are. MUST HAVE.1. Speedy service/convenient
2. Filling
3. Mediterranean?  
Consumed:
Lamb Gyro
I enjoyed my lamb gyro, but it wasn't overwhelmingly good. I've never had authentic Mediterranean food, so I kind of wonder how it compares.I work at Upenn and I went there twice for lunch. The first time, I ate the chicken and broccoli gyro with tzatziki sauce.  It was quite delicious, but heavy on the sauce. The second time, I ate the chicken Cesar Salad. It comes along with some dry pita bread. The salad was OK, but they do give you a huge portion of grill chicken. 
You can get a great source of protein for lunch at this place.I happened upon this place with my friends and I wanted the only one to order anything. The lamb gyro was flavorful, arrived quickly at my table and everything tasted fresh. The order of fries was an apple amount for 4 people and great for sharing. Lots of seating both inside and out (covered seating outside) so it's great for groups. I think college kids probably fill the place out during the school year (it was late June when I went so pretty empty) so if you're not into that scene just buyer beware. I'd like to revisit and eat some more. They have dessert too.A stable go-to place on campus!
I usually get four different things here:
Lamb gyro platter - absolutely delicious. It also comes with two sides or a small salad I believe. 
Greek lady salad - definitely not the girly salad one gets across the block at Sweetgreen; this salad weighs several pounds and has a decent mix of meat and cheese! 
Milk shake - flat out delicious; definitely on the pricier side but who cares when you're feeling like crap after a midterm and this is the first thing on your mind! 
Mint lemonade tea - a recent discovery; after eating all that greasy food, you might as well fill the rest of the pockets of air in your stomach with this refreshing beverage, and it's pre-made so grab it on the go!
On another note, I'm a bit sad that they don't offer fresh Greek yogurt!!! Maybe one day they will, and I'll add another star to this review then!
Service and ambiance are great too. Food is served on a single platter so not much service is required here. The restaurant itself feels like a typical diner, so it's a good place for a casual dinner with friendsThe Greek Lady is an excellent eatery. I'm not the biggest fan of Greek food, but I make an exception for Greek Lady because their food is some of the best Greek food I've ever had. I've visited this restaurant several times and always order either a chicken or beef gyro, both of which are always cooked well and delicious. The prices are very generous for the food they give you. The owners recently renovated the interior and is much larger and better looking than it used to be. The service is always great, quick, and mistakes are a rarity. Definitely recommend The Greek Lady to anyone who hasn't tried it yet.The staff is rude, plain and simple. They don't know what customer service is or even common courtesy. Food is good but like I said, as a group they have no idea what they're doing or how to talk to people. Go elsewhere if you can.Greek Lady's Caesar Salad is pretty much the only thing I ate in college. My roommates and I would order Greek Lady a few times a week at least. It's so good. Damn. I miss it. I have phantom limb syndrome for the Greek Lady Caesar salad.I stopped in to grab a lamb gyro (with no fries inside - because I am too dignified for that) to go during lunchtime. They seemed pretty busy but I was in and out in under 10 minutes. The gyro itself is pretty much what you'd expect it to be, maybe a little messier than average, and would be better if the tzatziki sauce and lettuce were more even spread. I would stop by again if/when I'm craving a quick gyro fix.I went here for breakfast and it was fine. My Greek omelette was a little greasy as were my potatoes. The whole wheat toast probably came from a bagged bread full if preservatives. It was a good price and convenient but I've definitely had better.Greek? Doesn't feel, sound, or look Greek to me. Just because someone Sells giros doesn't make them a authentic Greek restaurant.  Pay attention to the reviews about poor to bad service.  They are right on, but then again what so you expect from a bunch of college aged kids working and managing a restaurant?  If you want GOOD GREEK FOOD AND SERVICE go to a nice Greek family owned and operated restaurant,  and leave this one to the college aged kids.Everyone has been talking about Greek Lady since I moved to Philly last summer, and I finally tried it last week.  Since then, I've been back twice and have been fully satisfied each time.
The lamb gyro is juicy, messy, delicious, and filling.  The lamb is tender, the soft warm pita is stuffed full of fresh ingredients, and the tzatziki sauce is cool and refreshing.  I'm actually not the biggest fan of the fresh fries in the gyro, but some people love it, so it really is personal preference.
The greek lady salad is HUGE and fresh, but it's not my favorite thing there.  It's a little TOO MUCH and can feed me for 2-3 meals, but I don't usually feel wilty salad 24 hours later.  However, the chicken and honey mustard are AMAZING, hence my next discovery....
The grilled chicken plate with your choice of two sides.  The chicken is tender, flavorful, ad can still feed me for two meals.  I love dipping the grilled chicken in the honey mustard sauce.  My two sides were lemon potatoes (yummy, but a little too salty) and broccoli (nothing special, but I like broccoli!).  Plus it comes with a warm pita, which is probably my favorite thing at Greek Lady!  This will probably be my usual here.
Overall, the food is a little too salty, but it is delicious.  Plus, it really can feed me for two meals, is a reasonable price, and is super convenient.  I will come back here often and look forward to trying everything on the menu!This is the kind of place that I wish I had within walking distance of my alma mater of Radford University in Virginia. While I haven't been a college student in enough years that I decline to mention the number on here, I can easily remember being poor, hungry, and needing a diversion from campus fare. 
This is a Greek diner with honest food, for honest prices, all served up in an ambiance that is more modern and clean than most diners around. My boyfriend had the Greek Lady salad, which is a HUGE dinner plate full of grilled chicken over a typical Greek salad. We could have shared this between us and still been sated. I had however, the Lamb Gyro, which is my "test dish" for any Greek place. It passed with flying colors. I was a bit confused that the menu listed french fries and expected to see them as a side, but found them in my fluffy pita. Not quite authentic, but delicious nonetheless especially with the homemade tzatziki. Mmmm.
As we ate our lunch, I looked around to see what others were getting; everything looked great including the breakfast items. I look forward to returning here and trying other items the next time I'm in the university area. Good job Greek Lady!the hype about Greek lady on Penn's campus is always present but I finally bothered to actually go out of my way to eat something from there that wasn't just a club catering their meeting. I think I got the chicken gyro which was really flavorful and it was so much food like yo they really stuff those things but also yo it made me so gassy so definitely not a meal I'd eat oftenI've been to the Greek Lady several times. This was my first visit since they remodeled and expanded the dining room area. looks nice, but, it still can get crowded, so, couldn't dine here two weeks ago when I had 4 people with me as there wasn't enough room or table big enough available.
So, I've usually gotten the Greek cuisine since it is a "Greek" restaurant. On Sunday, I came here with a friend for lunch. we both ordered a platter, which is wayyyyyy too much food to eat all at once. We both ordered identical platter: Chicken Gyro Sandwich platter. Nowadays, the platter includes: Soup (Chicken Orzo soup or Beef Vegetable) - we both chose the 1st, as it's as close to Greek soup as we were going to get (still wishing it was Avgolemono) and 2 sides: Greek lemon potatoes and Green beans. My friend thought the beans were too smushy, but, I like them and the flavor is nice. The chicken was nice and tasted good in the pita bread.
Next, I want to come back for breakfast!Ugh, every time someone says "I LOVE Greek Lady," I admit I cringe on the inside and the outside.
A lot of people are obsessed with its Greekiness and its gyros galore but for vegetarians, I think the options are somewhat limited. When I've ordered the Veggie Gyro, it's turned out to be crammed with either: an entire block of feta (no, not yummy crumbles--big, fat square blocks) OR five dollops of Tzatziki sauce. I always end up scooping out the excessive servings of these two things and eat a "gyro" that is just a pita, lettuce, and tomato. Definitely not worth $5-6.
I went yesterday and ordered a spinach pita, trying to save what little mental appetite I have for Greek Lady. The first few pieces were good-ish. But then I realized the insides were cold and chunky and...not so good. It was better than a Veggie Gyro, but again, not my favorite.
The one thing Greek Lady has going for it, in my opinion, are its amazing pita chips with a serving of Tzatziki sauce. AMAZING. And a large quantity too. Mmm, I'm tempted to bump up to 3-stars just for these tasty little chips. Maybe next time.There's a reason Greek Lady is right on top of Penn's campus -- this is the epitome of college food. They're open late and the portions are enormous, but the quality, flavor, and ambiance (even after the remodeling) are only so-so.  If you're looking for a charming restaurant with delicious Greek food, head to Kanella.  If decent, filling take-out is what you're after, Greek Lady is a good bet.Great gyros at good price point.  Too many college students in season makes it feel like a university dining hall.  Love it in the summer time. Easy parking and no crowds.So I came here at 11am and was one of the first people there. I put the order but the food wasn't out even after the 35 minute wait. People who came after me and my friend got their food and left.  I honestly got so annoyed I canceled the meal and when I asked apparently they hadn't even started making the meal yet. Never coming back here.Been here only a handful of times and I'm still questioning why I haven't been here more!...this place is amazing. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean. The food I cannot say enough good things..... large portions with leftover boxes readily available and the prices are great. Brought a friend and she got a chicken gyro and ever since that day she requests we go back fastttt. With each bite being better than the last, she stated her life has been incomplete without The Greek Lady. The chicken platters, apps, salads, and sides are all yummy as well!!!Good, but not fabulous. Giant salads and gyros are tasty, but quality is the same as some food trucks in the area and costs about twice as much.I cannot believe that I had spent more than a semester in University City without ever trying this place out. I always gave it a pass , since I loved eating at Qdoba next door. 
Being an Indian, I saw this as natural. I associated Qdoba with fiery spicy food and and looked at Greek Lady as having just bland tasteless offerings. I blame the pleasant white interior at Greek Lady for this(against Qdoba next door). 
But , I must say I was pleasantly surprised when a friend dragged me into Greek Lady to try their delicious milkshakes. They were out of ice-cream for the milkshake so I decided to grab a bite to eat and ordered the Vegetarian Gyro.
It would be an understatement if I said that I loved it , it was extremely fresh and the flavor was excellent , with this sauce they had put in it , I guess it was Hummus. My views about Greek food were changed for life. I suggest that everyone give it a try. 
I have been back to have their Vanilla Milkshake , with a Banana. I will not exaggerate  when I say that they put five scoops of ice- cream in it. Its sinful is an understatement. I have been back thrice already since the banana adds a whole different charm to the concoction. A MUST have. 
I recommend Greek Lady to each and everyone who ever stops by University City, its very reasonable as well. Who would have guessed that !I usually come to Greek lady once a week since am from NJ. My wife loves the grilled chicken with the baked veggies, I get the Gyro platter with baked vegies and a small Greek salad. I wished they dint chop up the chicken in the Chicken platter but I guess that's the way they do it. The pita bread should be grilled a bit more to make it crisper. And they should have a small house salad like a Greek salad that comes with the Gyro plate that you can get ala carte. All and all the place Rocks. its clean and the service is quickThe food is tasty..... the service sucks!  I placed a catering order for a party. The food was 45 minutes late. I'm literally only 5-7 minutes away. The first person to answer the phone, flat out lied. The second person didn't know what was going on. I eventually found out, that the food wasn't made until after it was due to be delivered. I wont be back.Awesome lunch place on Penn campus.  Any of the salads are huge and phenomenal.  The gyros are also great - they add french fries to the gyro -  yummy.  
The place tends to get crowded during lunch.Greek Lady has solid Greek/American fare at reasonable prices. 
Food here is decent if you stick to the main stuff (I recommend the gyro platter):
- Gyros are solid and hearty. They put fries inside which is nice. Quality is ok, but good for the price and size.
- Side salad was actually really good. Veggies were fresh, lots of feta, simple oil dressing
- Fries were good but nothing special (the rest of the sides are mediocre)
Portions are giant, which makes sense considering its vicinity to Penn and Drexel.
Service is pretty mediocre, especially the people at the counter who take your order - they are pretty apathetic (although the ladies who clean up are pretty nice).Good portion sizes, large range of options, and very convenient. I've tried an omelette and a chicken platter. Both were quite tasteless, and the chicken was pretty dry, but the service was quick.I have gone to this place multiple times over the past years and their quality and quantity continue to deliver.  I always leave full from this place given their large portions for affordable prices (spend ~$8-13 each time I visit).
My favorite go-to is the Lamb or Chicken Gyro Platter.  It comes with choice of soup or salad of the day as well as 2 sides.  I highly recommend the Curly Fries for at least one of the sides to compliment your Gyro (which contains a couple steak fries inside as well!).  
Friends always order the Greek Lady salad that has big portions enough to make 2 meals out of it.  It contains a good amount of grilled chicken topped on the mixed salad.  If not given, make sure to ask for the oil and vinegar dressing that compliments the salad well!
Service is quick and usually friendly.  Plenty of self serve seating inside or outside when it is warmer.  Located near UPenn so definitely a go to place for nearby college and graduate students.  Enjoy!The food here is fresh and the servings are huge, but the staff really struggles to get orders right. I think the main issue is a language barrier, but I've tried pointing to an item on the takeout menu while placing an order and about 50% of the time, I still don't receive what I've asked for. The staff will send the same dish out two or three times, sometimes with a different server, sometimes with a copy of the order (which they've entered incorrectly), insisting that it's mine. It's frustrating, and I've been through it enough times that I don't think I'll go back.Probably one of the worst places to order food from. I have eaten in the restaurant and had delivery (which never arrived). A few things to note:
1. The food is mediocre at best - and to top it off leaves you with an upset stomach.
2. They mixed up my order through grubhub and I did not receive my food despite being charged.
3. The staff are extremely rude - the manager hung up on me when I asked for my money back
Dont eat at this place, there are far better (and healthier) places in Philly. I would give it zero if I couldOne of the best deals on campus. Delicious fresh food, reasonably priced, and friendly staff. I have never actually eaten here, I've just done takeout about a million times. They have never messed up my order, it's always ready fast, and again, is delicious. 
My best recommendation for deal would be the chicken plate. About a pound of grilled chicken and 2 sides for just under 9 bucks with tax.
The gyros are also delicious, but slightly more expensive for how much food it is. It's still plenty of food for a normal person.This is a weekly stop for me.  Gyro platter is all you need to order.  Lamb gyro is best, house gyro is pretty good too.  Don't forget about the sides.  I would recommend the green beans.  They sauce them up and they're delicious.  Even choices like french fries are fried to perfection (can't say that about every place).  Spanakopita is something that may not jump out at you but it is definitely worth a try.  Great grape leaves, hummus and onion rings too.I came here with my boyfriend for a late dinner one night. We were excited for Greek food, and it was pretty good here. I had the grape leaves which were great. They came with a really tasty side of tzatziki. My boyfriend had a gyro which he liked as well. They put fries in the gyro here, which we found pretty weird, and when he asked to get them on the side instead of on the sandwich, the cashier said no and didn't offer an explanation. Not great customer service there. The reason why this place is getting 3 stars instead of 4, though, is the hummus. It was just not good. It had no flavor whatsoever, and we ended up only eating a couple bites because it was so bad. We dipped the pita it came with in my tzatziki sauce instead.Make sure you order two hours in advance. The food takes forever to get served. I ordered a lamb gyro and it came out right away and my boyfriend ordered a grilled chicken salad. We waited for over 45 minutes for his salad. Finally, they brought out the WRONG salad.Greek Lady is what it is, a former food truck turned restaurant that offers quick, fresh foods at reasonable prices.  A step up from fast food, Greek Lady is not, nor is it trying to be, a high end restaurant with fancy food offerings that will make you wait for a seat or your food.  With that said...
I had the lamb gyro.  I'll admit, I was taken by surprise by the fries (included IN the gyro), but otherwise enjoyed it.  Our food arrived less than ten minutes after we ordered, the table we chose was clean, and we weren't rush out when we finished.  Sounds like four stars to me!My favorite place in University City.  Whenever I am remotely close, I have to stop and get a salad. Their regular salad with chicken is amazing. The chicken is absolutely delicious and you are guaranteed to get at least 2 meals out of it.  And the best thing is that it cost less than $9!I LOVE THIS PLACE! My favorites are the lamb gyro, chicken Caesar salad and wrap and the chicken and spinach pita. I've got all my coworkers hooked on this place. They make delicious food and have fast delivery. I would definitely recommend The Greek Lady to everyone. It's a must try!I absolutely love Greek food so I was pretty excited to try Greek Lady, but unfortunately I wasn't too impressed. I ordered the chicken gyro on whole wheat pita. I thought the chicken was a little dry, and the flavors were overall a bit bland. I literally coated each bite with hot sauce and banana peppers to try to get more flavor into the food. The gyro also has french fries in it which I thought would make it amazing, but honestly it was just so mediocre. But I got to try some of my friend's huuge grilled chicken salad and I thought that was really tasty so if I ever come back I'll probably just order that.I love the Vegetarian Gyro!! It was well prepared, and they are generous with the ingredients. I also love the fact that they deliver. Great food, service, prices, and staff. Can't wait to order again!Food is pretty consistent but some of the people who work there are very very rude. Would I buy here again? It's possible even though I'm very hesitant too.Greek Lady is an important staple of a Penn student. Recently renovated, this restaurant serves up a mean gyro that's loaded with meat, veggies, and fries. Yup, fries.
What I Ordered: Chicken Souvlaki Gyro. Can't go wrong with it. Lamb's pretty good too.
Verdict: Good food at a pretty good price. Ask any student. Also, they always have football (European) on tv. Always a plus in my book.It's so-so.  It's odd ordering and taking a big number to sit on my table.
The gyro plate is average.  The meat was what you would expect fast food style.
It's pretty reasonably priced, but the staff is sort of in their own world.This is a strip-mall type eatery on the campus of UPenn.  The place can get pretty crowded but the space is pretty spread-out to accommodate.  Each and everytime I visit Greek Lady I get the same thing - lamb gyro.  The fries come on the gyro, yes, the way it does in Greece.  The meat is always tender and the tzatiki sauce is perfect.  I can't speak for anything else on the menu, I just know I love thei gyros, the prices are affordable, and generally the service is quick.  
There's nothing fancy about this place - you walk up, order, and they call your name.  It's a quick spot to grab a good gyro.I've ordered from Greek Lady several times, each experience more dismal than the last. The food quality is sub par. There are soooo many absolutely wonderful restaurants in our great city of fooderly love to choose from, so honestly going here doesn't really fit the bill. The food is not great, the delivery is nothing to write home about either. To recap, go somewhere better in Philly, and enjoy the great food our city has to offer.This place was good! Stopped in for lunch the other day with some friends. Everything was pretty standard. A lot of options on the menu so I was pretty overwhelmed and just chose something that looked familiar, a chicken gyro (for the record if someone could please tell me how to officially pronounce this I would be eternally grateful). I'll preface by saying that I misunderstood that the fries came in the sandwich. Imagine my surprise when I was eating a fry that I didn't remember seeing on my plate. I thought it was weird at first, but the more I ate it, the more I liked it. The tzatziki sauce was really rich and yogurt-y; I liked it! I found the seasoning to be on the bland side so I had to kick it up a notch with the hot sauce and the sandwich was JUST RIGHT after that addition. PS the curly fries here are pretty awesome (when are curly fries not awesome) and the portion size is HUGE. Definitely worth splitting the order with a friend! Super convenient for me to pop in and get something to eat when I'm in the area so chances are I'll be back!The veggie gyros here are pretty much god. Perfect pita, lettuce, tomatoes, white yogurt sauce, and best of all- the pita is stuffed with french fries. It's so stuffed and big that it gets hard to eat and super messy, but I guess the amazing flavors are still worth it. It's also fairly priced-- one sandwich is less than $7.
I've also tried a egg and cheese on wheat bread sandwich, which was simple but excellent. 
I'll definitely be back to try more on their menu, though I'm sure the veggie gyro would be my favorite. It's great that a Mediterranean place on campus has a solid vegetarian menu!Excellent choice working in university city to pick up something on the go after work. They are a well ran , efficient machine that will steamroll through the many orders that come through that place. 
My two most frequently ordered item is the lamb gyro with lemon roasted potatoes on the side. They bring the Greek authenticity when they put fries in their gyros just like in Greece. Second get the Greek lady salad with grilled chicken which features well cooked chicken with a nice char.
Desserts are skippable here. Not fresh.Greek Lady used to be better, TODAY I received a lovely chicken ceaser salad accompanied with a BUG (still alive) and a slice of lovely GREEK HAIR!!! I've ordered from them in the past, their food is nothing to rave about but it is a lunch joint so don't expect high quality food, the chicken is probably a day old because its never fresh I've given them chance after chance only because there aren't THAT many choices in the University City area but today was the last dollar I give to this establishment. I actually would like to have given 3 stars at least if it wasn't for the horrible customer service I received when I called and explained about the creature invading my salad along with the hair salon in my lunch :/, the "manager" I don't know WHO she is but she got on the phone and did not even acknowledge the BEETLE I explained that was in my $9 salad she just said "HOW DO YOU WANT YOUR MONEY BACK"... Which was pretty "buggin" if you ask me. All in all, I'll never go here again and I wanted to warn my fellow U city community if you go please check your food.Chicken Soulvaki? I'm there. Service can be hit or miss though during lunch time but the catering is always fast and always good. I love them and so does my workplace.Whenever I go I get a salad because their portions are generous-I can take the rest to go and have another meal or two out of it. The pita bread wedges are a nice compliment as well as their variety of dressings. However they skimp out on the grilled salmon. It was an anorexic piece compared to the mounds of grilled chicken on my friend's salad. However the price is fair which is what brings me back.the worst place i ever seen in my life i ordered pork gyro so dry e salty never go again thereSeriously can't say enough good things about this place. 
Being that I went to Penn I have been frequenting this place for years. No matter what I've ordered, whether it be the chicken platter, gyro, breakfast omelet, dessert, salad, or anything...it has rarely disappointed. I
Also definitely helps that it's a place that's open relatively late compared to others near the area. I've moved around the city a ton, but whenever I'm in Philly I can't go too long without stopping by here. I must also stress that they don't hold back on their portions, which for the prices the advertise is a STEEAAAL!!!
The place is clean inside and they have great outdoor seats for when the whether is nice. If you go or went to Penn you are bound to see someone you know while people watching just FYI. I've had so many spontaneous dinner part is that way haha, which just makes the whole experience that much better. 
Serious. This place is Penn classic, but worth the trip for anyone in the Philly area looking for a nice gyro.Good if you want something quick and fast...the chicken gyro isn't half bad.
Was not impressed with the service but I think it's the wrong place to expect grade A service. 
Maybe not the most authentic Greek food I've ever had, but it's not bad!An someone who works around the corner, I've been coming here for years. They started out with five stars, but after their recent expansion service has suffered. While the food is still great and the dine in experience hasn't changed, their delivery service has gotten very slack. So, word to the wise, make sure to clarify your order if you're getting delivery service, or you might be missing an essential element to your meal.Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth: I'm sorry, Fry, but anchovies went extinct in the 2200s. 
Fry: Wha? 
Fry: So, none of you have ever had anchovies? Oh, man! You don't know what you're missing. They were salty and oily and melted in your mouth... 
Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth: Oh, my, yes. Fished out of existence... just about the time your people arrived on Earth, Dr. Zoidberg. 
Dr. Zoidberg: I'm not on trial here. *
My anchovy habit is one of those it's kind of a closeted addictions that I don't really want to publicize.  So when a coworker first turned me on to Greek Lady about a year ago, I was thrilled: Salty, oily, (ok so kind of hairy) little fishies delivered to my door?  Hooray!  
Love the Greek salad with anchovies and grape leaves.   The dolmas are not as good as some other places, but for the price, the size and all that creamy crumbly feta, as well as everyone's favorite stinky canned  fish.... Solid.
I actually have found the customer service for delivery to be outstanding and the on-line ordering interface is straightforward.  No complaints, though I can't comment on the on-site dining experience at all.
I was all set to award 4 stars, but today's salad came with some rusty bits and wimpy tomatoes.    Nothing I'd call inedible, but more battle scarred than I'd prefer. Now granted,  a good tomato in January is hard to find, but these looked like they were significantly past their prime.  
*Thanks to Matt Goenig.   Don't sue me,  OK?Wow, Greek Lady's upgraded their location. Much bigger, much cleaner since my last visit.
Food's still just as tasty and probably just as unhealthy for you, but at least it's still the same goodness that was there for years.
Definitely big portions still.... though it is a tish more expensive now but still under $10 with a drink and a gyro.The Greek Lady actually began as a mere food truck and then expanded her business a few years ago into a full restaurant. The popular restaurant on 40th Street has a huge menu --- pretty much everything on there is worth a try --- but it still maintain the quick service philosophy that made it a successful as a food truck.
Stuff that's good: Well, lamb gyros for sure (a Greek tradition); salads (very popular with weight conscious college girls); and (for the rest of us) excellent fries. They also do a justice to a lot of Philly classics, like the hoagie and the steak sandwich.   
Stuff that's bad: Loud, drunken patrons late at night, especially on weekends.
Stuff that's funny: The Greek Lady staff is predominantly Mexican and Guatemalan, whereas the Mexican joint two doors down, Qdoba, doesn't have a single Mexican on the payroll. Not that I've seen.The chicken gyro and Greek potatoes are amazing. They give generous portions. I've ordered takeout from here several times and have not been disappointed yet.Delivery is NOT the way to go unless you don't mind getting food different from what you ordered. I have ordered the same thing on three different occasions and got three different items. Details, people, details!
And oh yeah. The hummus? Use it to tile your bathroom...I tried this place a couple of time while temporarily staying in University City. I really liked that this place is opened late. Its usually busy but the line seems to move quickly. My first time, I ordered the Greek sampler which was way too much food for just little old me, but I did really enjoy the babaganoush and tzatziki. The pita is also yummy and warm. My hubby ordered the salmon platter which was unfortunately over-cooked...but fortunately the fries that came with it halfway made up for it. Another time I ordered a gyro which was very dissappointing...but its cheap eats so it got the job done.Okay, Greek Lady, you're a little expensive, but this is the best, most authentic greek food you'll get in the area with take-out speed and not exorbitant costs.
Authenticity: The first time I got a gyro from greek lady and they put fries on it, I thought "that's weird." Apparently, though, in Greece, gyropitas are indeed served with the thick fries IN the pita. Lesson learned, thanks to my correspondent in Greece right now. Secondly, I took a glance at their stack of mail while standing at the counter. The name was something like Dimitri Dionopoulous. Check! Finally, have you seen that blonde woman at the assembly line??? And heard her talk??? I'm pretty sure her name is Maria, which just about does it. BAM. HELLO. 
Okay, so none of those things really vouch for authenticity very much, I just wanted to rant about them.
The food comes in large quantities, especially if you order in versus take out.... you will be stuffed. The spanikopita is HUGE, perfect for two people sharing a side, and I go the feta and hummus and combined them? It's was FANTASTIC. Perfect on the warm pita, and perfectly filling. The gyropita are much better when  you order them in, just humongous and difficult to finish if you have an average stomach. The lamb is divine.
There's a really big platter I want to try there, probably called like the Meze or something... and it's also difficult to finish when shared, as my neighboring table offered.
The hummus is especially sesame, which I found delicious, and the sweet of the hummus complimented the feta well. The spanikopita is especially rich and flavorful, one of the better spanikopita I've ever had, and it's good as a cold leftover, too. The service is relatively quick, but there are very long lines at lunch time.
Oh, and if you don't plan on eating dessert, DO NOT LOOK AT THE DESSERT FRIDGE. It's terribly tempting, holy crap.
Also, their lemon potatoes are ah-mazing, which correlates strongly with lemon sauces used in Greek cooking... I ate one to figure out what it was when I got it as a side, and I couldn't stop eating them. I completely finished the side before even touching the gyropita.
Greek salad? YES PLEASE.
So, meals are just around 10 dollars, depending on if you just get a sandwich, or if you get sides and a drink, too. If you get extras, it gets a little pricier, but it's otherwise an acceptable lunch price-range.I had never tasted Greek food until I stopped at the Greek Lady. This restaurant used to be operated out of a food cart, but it was so popular that the owner decided to operate out of a restaurant.
Though I recommend their gyros, their "American" food is amazing as well. The salads are HUGE and are enough for 2 meals. I love the fries and the chicken finger hoagie. You have never tasted pita bread until you have had some from here. My mouth waters just thinking about this soft and chewy bread.
Because of its popularity, expect a wait around lunch time. During the school year, the Greek Lady stays busy through out the night. Good thing they have delivery! &#61514;The food here is really great, prices are decent, and service is fast.  My favorite is souvlaki platter with lemon potatoes and beans.  The only reason it lost 1-star was the because the Greek food back in Astoria, Queens a little better quality plus they have a really odd practice of adding French Fries to their sandwiches .I probably come here at least once a week, but I've only ever had 3 things on their menu. The chicken gyro is great, starting from the soft pita to the fries inside - can't go wrong there. Weirdly enough, I've ordered pancakes there twice - also very good and super fluffy, alongside some homemade whipped cream. And lastly, the greek lady salad. I probably order that 95% of the time. It's about $11 but huge enough to spread out over 2 or 3 meals. I always get it in a to go container even if I'm dining in. They throw in a heaping amount of chicken, a hard boiled egg, cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, and the best darn feta I've ever had, all over a bed of lettuce with a super tangy oil and vinegar dressing. I always opt out of the red onion and ask for whole wheat pita. No bells and whistles at this place, just a solid meal that's fairly quick and healthy.Another place that is very affordable. Quality-wise you get what you pay for. Very eclectic menu items. When I come here for breakfast, I go for Bacon and Egg Sandwich. Any other time, I grab a regular hamburger with the works. Nothing really that special, it all tastes like something you can assemble at home. There's a ton of seating available; you order and put up your number on the table, no sever. Great place to grab a quick bite to eat.Quick update: I went there for lunch on Wednesday. Counter service was quick and friendly enough, and I was in and out in under 5 minutes. I'll need at least one more quick and easy experience like that before I up it a star, but it's a promising start.Wow! I had a Greek Salad there for lunch and it was really good.  The salad ingredients were very fresh and crispy.  I really loved it.  You got a nice warm pita with your salad and the dressing was on the side.  The Greek Lady is very clean, bright and comfortable.  The staff was nice and courteous.  My only complaint was that they only had Pepsi and not Coke.Greek lady is OK.  It's quick and pretty good but like others said, all the gyros taste pretty similar.  The salad portions are HUGE.   
Breakfast food is usually a miss.  The French toast was 3 pieces of bread cut in triangles on a plate.  The steak and eggs sandwich was a little dry.  
All in all, it will fill you up with OK tasting food for pretty cheap.This is the first thing I ate when I landed in Philly. It's conveniently located to my school. I ordered the house gyro. At first bite it was pretty delicious, but I felt a little sick as I was finishing it. It had lots of meat, veggies, etc. It even has french fries in it! The meat was a bit dry. Overall, it's alright but nothing to toot my horn about.Greek Lady has great, reasonably priced food (and the service is quick too!).   Their platters can easily serve as two meals.  The gyros are delicious - flavorful meat, fresh fluffy pita and the perfect amount of sauce.  I also really like the Supreme Salad, which comes with pita and grape leaves (and is more than enough for two meals).
I think it's the perfect mix of take out place and restaurant - there's plenty of seating, but you order at a counter so it can also easily be taken to go.
I really love how it looks after the renovation - everything is open and airy!  Loved Greek Lady before the renovation and love it even more after!The food is good here however, for deliveries and pick ups they don't make sure the orders are correct. I drove from the airport to this location on my break to get a group order of food they charged for what I ordered but didn't give it too me. I ordered a buffalo chicken cheese steak but it had no buffalo sauce. I was on hold for 15 mins before I spoke to anyone and then the solution was to add a $.75 credit to my phone number to use the next time I come there. Except I don't want to go there. And the Assistant manger Cooper was very rude!!!!I've never eaten here.  A friend decided to pick up lunch.  I came in and was surprised at how nice it was.  They had a yummy "looking" dessert booth.  I decided to endulge.  I got this chocolate mousse type cake.  Womp, womp, womp!  It tasted like it had been in the fridge for a very long time.  It was a $4 piece of cake.  Don't let looks and price fool you.
My friend suggested I call and complain, I declined, I won't be back.One word: tzatzki. They give you a great size serving if you order it as an appetizer. Honestly, it's the whole reason I go to the Greek Lady. The only downside is the staff. I always feel like they're annoyed by each patron. However, I do understand their clientele are mostly Penn/Drexel students & they're probably not the easiest customers.tzatiki = amazing.  the rest of it?  decent.  definitely not great.  but they're quick and semi-healthy, in an area where decent food options definitely do not abound.I got a veggie wrap and broccoli and it was not good. The veggie wrap was like 70% banana peppers. The broccoli was super basic and was just steamed. Would have been nice if it had some flavoring.I ate at the Greek lady twice before and had an ok experience. Today I decided to order take out breakfast, 2 omelettes & 2 coffees. The breakfast was ready when I got there & they gave me a large paper shopping bag w take out containers (even though it was pouring down rain). I started walking the 3 blocks back to my apartment when the paper bag burst open.  The only thing salvageable was the 2 coffees. So I kept the bag & receipt and called the restaurant when I got home. I told them what happened and asked if they could deliver the 2 omelettes to replace the ones laying all over the sidewalk. The girl taking the order asked how I was paying for the replacement omelettes. I told her she should cover the omelettes. She put me on the phone w the manager who insulted me and said it was my fault the containers fell out of the bag. I then asked to be refunded for the breakfast $15...and he said I was crazy. So basically I ended up paying $20 for 2 coffees & not getting the breakfast. I can say the Greek lady has the worst customer service ever & very ignorant when speaking with customers. Maybe the Greek lady should invest in plastic bags. Never going back here. I would give this place negative stars if I could.Chose to order take out and eat at our hotel room. Quite a long wait. While my daughter stayed at the GL, I headed out to buy a 6 pack. This sure ain't Buffalo where you can find it in all stores including pharmacies and bars are open until 4 AM. It took me fifteen minutes to find a place.  Returned to the GL and still waited. Finally got our take out and took it back to the cave, er...hotel. Daughter got chicken gyro and fries. I got chicken souvlaki and bacon cheese fries. Never heard of putting fries in souvlaki but that's how it's served here. Fries were soggy. I don't know what the meat in the bacon cheese fries was, but I doubt it came from a pig. Souvlaki was bland and the pita was like soft cardboard. I love Greek food. This is just a college garbage plate rip off business. Will never go back because this is the last time I ever have to visit the City of Brotherly Love.You can haz cheezburga heah....and lam giro an moussaka (kindza like greek lasagnas) & greek salat. I onli eatz giros an greek salats and moussaka heah. Moussakas iz slow. If I getz the plattah, I likez TWO geek salats. Grilt chickin salats is gooood and biig tooo. Itz cheap, tasteh, and theyz open late on weekendz.
Brekfast samidges be betterz at the food truckz.
They yellz your name really lowd heah. It hurtz my eahs.The Good: Their gyros are large and meaty, plus they're filled with scrumptious french fries! What's not to like? They are addictive, and I'm not ashamed to say that I've put down three in one sitting. Also, their hoagies are delicious! I had them at a catered event one time and could not believe they were from a Mediterranean restaurant. Their menu has a huge variety of things to appeal to everyone's tastes. If you're unsure about what to get, you can't go wrong with one of their hoagies.
The Bad: Their desserts are pretty awful, if you're into that stuff. Their cheesecake doesn't have the consistency of cheesecake, it's like a cross between cheesecake and plain white cake, if that makes sense. Their "creme brulee" is basically a pudding pie that was probably made from Jell-O mix, skip it. When I went for brunch, their breakfast potatoes came out cold and didn't taste fresh. In fact, they didn't taste like anything at all. Service is spotty as well; they mess up my order more often than I'd like. If you go with a group, don't expect to get your food all at the same time, you might have to wait 10 minutes for some people's food and 30 minutes for others'.
Overall, Greek Lady is a little better than fast food. If it's catering we're talking about, I'm all for it, but the dine-in experience is better had elsewhere.Very clean, fast, good fast Greek food. Tasty lamb gyros. Nicest bathrooms I've seen in a small restaurant.Maddening customer service. When the bald guy with glasses behind the counter overcharged me today, I showed him the menu to clarify what I had ordered. He told me that he had never seen the menu before--there were literally thousands of them stacked around the restaurant. I've gotten delivery from them previously. The food's ok but if I try to eat it again, it would just stick in my throatFood is good the service is good and location is good. There isn't anything "amazing" about this place it is just a basic Greek restaurant. I would add that it gets pretty dirty (table area) because it gets busy but I can't really complain for a self-service place. This place is more for convenient-location purposes not really for the taste of food.Gyro was good. Fries cold, spinach warm. Sent them back. Cook microwaved them. Fries now soggy, Spinach boiling hot. One star for the Greek Lady.  Space is well lit and nice but one star or less for customer service.  You're no Lady--just another brazen hussy!I would cite one of the top 5 best food values in the city to be the Greek Lady salad. It's  freaking huge and heavy, like you have to pass it back and forth between hands while carrying it back home so that one arm doesn't get more developed than the other heavy. It's basically a half a farm's worth of lettuce topped with all of the chickens that live in the hen house (grilled), with a bunch of boiled eggs (presumably from said, now-grilled chickens from hen house), a brick of feta cheese, and a grove of olives. All of this for $9. 
I also recommend any of the hoagies here (which are also leviathans in their own right), and of course any of the greek specialities. 
But seriously: try the salad.This place is awesome. One of my favorite restaurants at Penn. Everything is good - from the gyros, to the salads (which are the size of an entire table), to the desserts. The chicken fingers are LIFE CHANGING. Also they are open late, and serve all of their food at all hours, which I appreciate.The very 1st time I ordered a Greek gyro with the lamb it was great. Went back 3 more times ,and apparently they all forgot how to make a Greek gyro, I keep telling them with lamb,they say okay  but every time  recently they given me chicken instead of lamb. I show them the gyro and they try to convince me  the chicken cubes are lamb. They also said I can't get the gyro without fries. So after the 3rd try I gave up on the Greek lady.The food here is what you can expect-greek. Walking in, you go up to a counter to order and grab a number. The side counter features a case of classic greek desserts and fruit. Very tempting to order and they look good. I had the greek gyro platter w/steamed broccoli and spinach. Honestly unless you want extra French fries or rice, just order the sandwich the additional sides are pointless. Also order tzaztiki on the side too, because only a little is included on the gyro. I specified no tomatoes AT ALL on my salad and gyro and was disappointed when I found some tomato pieces in my gyro. Seems like the guy making them just threw everything on the sandwich and took of items specified to the order ticket. Also order dressing on the side on my salad and when it arrived it was dripping with oil...yummy but disgusting. Overall a good experience except for the tomatoes and oil part.I gave The Greek Lady another chance because one day I was really craving Greek food. So, I can now safely recommend this restaurant. The Greek food is traditional and tasty. I have had the Chicken Souvlaki platter, and today the Veggie platter. I had the " Greek" lemon potatoes, Green Beans and mushrooms along with my spanokopita. Yum. Platter comes with soup or salad and pita bread. I had the lentil soup, which was pretty tasty. Now they have a lot of the Greek food except Avgolemono "egg lemon" soup. It's different than their Chicken Orzo, which is good. I will come back and bring friends when they visit.Honestly, the food here leaves much to be desired. They think they are adding much by putting french fries in the gyro sandwiches, but in my opinion, the soggy fries dont add anything and dont even distract from the aggressively mediocre meat that they use. Service is good, and the place is clean, but I was left feeling like I just ate a meal at the McDonalds of greek food. Pretty bland and uninspiring. I would not go back unless I had no other choice, or was dragged there by someone I wanted to make happy.Since my first review of this place 4 years ago, I've been coming more frequently just because it's entered my rotation of "Places to go when I'm too tired to decide".  While my initial review remains entirely true, this place gets an extra star for consistency.
In those 4 years, this place has been the same.  The service is quick and pleasant, the place is bright and clean, the food is reliable and well portioned/priced.  I usually get take out but the handful of times I've dined in have been relatively smooth too.Just ate here for the first time today. I served in the Navy and spent many months on the island of Crete. I longed to have some authentic Geek cuisine and wasn't disappointed with this place. The lamb Gyro was delicious. Its cooked the way they do it in Crete with slabs of meat on a rotisserie. The green beans and lemon potatoes were good as well. Loved the cheesecake.  I believe it was a ricotta cheesecake. Light fluffy and awesome.  They have fresh brewed tea in the display case. I had sweet tea with mint and lemon. It was very refreshing. This place is well worth a visit.Mass and fast produced Greek food sums up this restaurant fairly well.  Imagine your favorite gyro-serving lunch truck/wagon but in a permanent location and you'll have Greek Lady.  Always a good choice for lunch, but be warned if you dine in, it is -busy- and may not have seating for you.  Safe bets are to order out or avoid the 12pm hour as much as possible.I've been to Greek Lady several times over the past couple years. Since I'm moving out of Philly soon, I decided to write about this place. My most recent visit was 2 hours ago.
Lamb gyro with everything. fries come inside. tastes good.
Food is not mind-blowing, but it's good. Price is fair. Gyro and a drink = $8.50
A lot of reviews talk about how its hard to eat without making a mess, but its just like every other gyro. Eat it from the open side (duh). Make a tear on the bottom side (the pita side). As you eat tear downwards along the pita and open the top, spreading the foil out.
It gets crowded on weekdays around lunch & dinner with all the students and med center employees coming around. But I've never had to wait a ridiculously long time. Greek Lady has never wronged me. Yay! I'm a fan.As a Penn student who is sometimes a bit too busy to cook for myself, I really love having Greek Lady on campus. Their food is generally really great for the price, and their portions are really generous. I will say that because I go so frequently there is sometimes inconsistency in quality. I once got a salad to share with my friend and the cucumbers tasted absolutely horrible, as if they were rotten or sitting in some sort of substance for a while. Also, the service is occasionally slow and I sometimes get something wrong with my order. That said, I go there a lot so mistakes are bound to happen. 
I have noticed a slight decline in the overall quality of the Greek Lady salad, which is my go-to dish. Typically the dish is served with a hearty amount of fresh feta, but they've been skimping on that recently. Also, their olives aren't pitted (it's always been this way) which makes the overall salad experience a bit difficult to enjoy (having to pick a pit out of my mouth isn't cute or fun). 
I generally love Greek Lady but I think even some small changes could make it a five star establishment.Outstanding salads and the gyro is great. The place is clean and the staff is helpfull. Grear place to have a good lunchStumbled onto the Greek Lady today while wondering around the area.  Looked very promising.  Have not met too many Gyro's that I didn't like.  I mean com'on, spicy meet on a grilled pita w/ tomatoes, onions, etc. and tzatziki sauce.  Hard to mess up - right?
Leave it to the Greek Lady to fall completely flat on their Gyro.  I picked the Pork and Lamb combo.  Thought,  OK, two of my favorite meats together.  Double the pleasure double the flavor and all.  Nahhhh.  Bad bad bad.  The meat was basically pork jerky.  And not in a good way.  Had no hint of any lamb.   Tomatoes, onions - TASTELESS and even the tzatziki sauce, which is usually the saving grace in instances such as this but not this time.  Not really sure it was even tzatziki sauce.  Tasted more like watered down yogurt.  Pretty much no taste.
OK, now the good.  The soda was cold.
Plenty of other places to choose from around these digs.  Your time and $$ are better spent ELSEWHERE!  Just say'n.....really, I couldn't ask for anything more in my life than the Greek Lady's grilled veggie pita. it's a mess. it (without fail) gets all over everything. it necessitates a knife and fork. it might have burned the whole roof of my mouth once? but all this happens only because the pita is literally overflowing with veggies -- it's so hearty, so comforting, so good!!!
also of note: grilled veg hoagie, spanakopita, veg gyro.Why weren't places like this around when I went to college?  Why isn't this included in the brochures for potential Penn students?  Consider me sold.
I visited the GL on a particularly hungry morning and ordered both an omelet and a gyro.  The omelet was run of mill yet filling.  And the gyro was out of this world.  I've been dreaming about creamy tzatziki sauce ever since.  Their pits are soft and delecate.  The gyro had authentic greek fries inside as well.  
I rolled out with a smile on my face.  I'm excited to visit again.  Price to food ratio was right in the wheelhouse.Horrible experience. The food was okay, wasn't fresh at all, and the prices are low. Sure great thing. But we went there and sat down to eat. 15 minutes later they turned on the damn vacuum and no one could really talk anymore. It switched from from a quiet place to now a place with a loud vacuum cleaner running non stop. They kept coming to our table to sweep and mop in between us eating our dinner. We were told to move our feet , while our mouths were ful, so they could clean under our table. Not ONE Single server was cheerful or pleasant. I am never going back.YAS
This place has my favorite lamb gyro! In general, most gyros taste delicious to me, but when the restaurant puts fries inside the gyro - I'm in love.
Additionally, the greek lady salad and the curly fries are uber tasty!
Prices are fair. The ambiance is casual and the service is fairly speedy. Everyone there seems friendly enough. Great little place right off of campus! Go grab yourself a lamb gyro now!First off, we waited in line for a long time. I don't know if it's always like that, or just because it was Spring Fling, but service was a bit slow. Also, my cashier was extremely rude to me, which significantly lowered my enjoyment. However the food was good. I got the lamb gyro platter. The broccoli was okay, a little bland but the rice was flavorful--loved it. The lamb gyro itself was okay, nothing crazy was still good. Also had side of chicken soup, which was very good. Overall though, the place was okay. Probably wouldn't stop by if I were there again.Came here for brunch while visiting a friend in town. The set up is a little weird--we weren't really sure where to order at the beginning, but it's cool that you can see the kitchen as soon as you walk in (some people might think that's weird though). We ordered off of the breakfast menu: I had the french toast platter with sides of home fries and scrambled eggs, and my friend had the greek omelette on a hoagie.
The portions were huge--particularly the hoagie--and we left feeling very full. The french toast was good, but nothing better than I could probably make at home: very average white bread, evenly cooked, and a huge container of syrup. The scrambled eggs looked more like an omelette gone wrong--small flat pieces instead of clumps--but tasted fine. The home fries were the best part of the meal: perfectly seasoned and crispy on the outside. The prices were very reasonable, so a good option in the area if you're looking for a decent brunch with big portions.
3 stars for service. My friend's meal came out within 5 minutes, while mine took close 20 minutes (and I had to inquire in between about the delay).All I have to say is: 
They put FRIES in my lamb gyro without my request and without an extra charge.
A million calories of heaven. 
It's LOVE.I like this place. Mostly it's an inviting site to see instead of the usual pizza catering during lunch time info sessions / meetings at school. 
I came here myself one day when I stayed late on campus while reviewing for finals. I looked up the menu online, called in, walked over to pick up my order, and it was all seamless. I got a chicken gyro (which I prefer over the lamb). The wrap comes in a pita bread shell as well as fries wrapped in (my favorite part).
I was so surprised to see fries in there my first time eating it that I thought it was accidentally mixed in, but I'm glad it's a deliberate addition. This place is great for catering to large groups if you want to mix it up a bit! (Though the meets can become a bit dry when sitting out for too long).
It was my friends birthday that day, so I also got a chocolate cake for her (and of course she shared with me!) pretty good. I'm glad they have a dessert selection there!I actually love the Greek Lady... And I Really never leave bad reviews but I literally just had the rudest customer service experience ever.  Rushed off my order with full attitude while still talking. Not sure the name of the guy but it's 9:43 on Monday May 14. I hope management checks this. so disappointed.A great place for an overstuffed gyro (comes with fries inside which makes it overstuffed), but the rest of the food here is so-so. Desserts were better at the store than the truck. There's still a food truck at Locust & 38th, I think, too. They were doing some great business, students often worked here for a no-hassle (they have rules for the customers) experience and earned a bit of cash on the side while going to school.
And certainly not dressy! :POk so I have been to The Greek Lady a number of times and I usually take the easy way out and get chicken Caesar on pita bread. Today I felt brave enough to finally try their Gyro. I got a chicken one as I'm not yet brave enough to try their signature lamb gyro. The chicken gyro was awesome who would have thought french fries wrapped in a sandwich would be so great!! On top of that the tzastki sauce brings the while gyro together. I got the chicken gyro platter which comes with two sides I chose mashed potatoes and steamed brocolli which were good as well. I would say the only downside is it can get really crowded and your waiting in line for 15 mins before you even place your order but I gave it 4 stars because the workers in there aren't very friendly and customer service is a deal breaker for me.Big Greek salads. Gyro was good. Once I got a platter and all the food tasted old, i dont think they gave me the meat I asked for.Greek Lady is the embodiment of college food--good, not great, but it will power you through an all-nighter at the library or save you from a vicious hangover.  In my opinion, the star of the show is the lamb gyro (don't forget the red hot peppers), but they are also known for their monster chicken salads and specialty platters.  They prepare their gyros as you order, so you're promised a fresh comfort food at the beginnning or the end of a long night.