We were only a party of two who decided to go for a late brunch/lunch on a Tuesday.  We waited 30 minutes for a server to take our drink orders and when we said we'd like to place our food orders at the same time, she said, "I can't do that because it's against the rules."
We proceeded to wait ANOTHER 20 minutes for her to come back to take our food orders.  I ordered the quiche and my friend the eggs benedict.  We both asked for a simple request of "no additional salt added" because both of us are on low sodium diets.  The server wrote it down and came back 10 minutes later saying, "...for the no salt, I can't do that because I can't give specific alterations for certain food orders."
At this point, we were pretty fed up and said, "It's fine.  Please just bring our check when the food arrives."
The food came out in yet another 25 minutes.  My food was watery and my friend's benedict was SO undercooked that the eggs turned to liquid when she cut into them.  The cook didn't bother to drain the potatoes and vegetables so her dish came out literally sitting in a puddle of greasy, watery liquid.
Future diners, keep in mind that this is a chain and the people who make the food are just cooks.  Don't order anything that requires culinary finesse and if you are used to truly fine cuisine, lower your expectations to 'zero.'The food is great. The people are not. The manager has a popular restaurant and he knows it. My wife and I went to Green Eggs early. The place was about half full but we were told there is a short wait...for a table for two. My wife is 8 1/2 months pregnant. We waited outside for about 20 minutes. During that time we saw three parties of two get seated before us.  They were not on the waiting list. The restaurant had outdoor tables but we were not offered them. We were told that we could go inside and order to go since we couldn't wait any longer. At the to-go counter we were told that any to-go order would take an additional 20-30 minutes. We left and had breakfast elsewhere, with no wait and the food was just as good. They also accepted cards. The food at Green Eggs is good, but for me it's not worth having to deal with smug waitstaff. The manager needs training, and a personality transplant.Fun, healthy and popular. Great cafe for brunch/lunch!Came to this little hidden gem for breakfast after a red eye flight. It is the most adorable place with the best staff! The menu is so diverse and so many options that it's very difficult to chose! We shared the kitchen sink and it did not disappoint!!!! The coffee menu is amazing! The only downfall is that they are a cash only establishment. We will be back to try the lattes and the cream brûlée French toast!Green Eggs never disappoints! We have been here for brunch roughly 3-4 times and we're always impressed with the quality of the food. It's always consistently good, portioned well and tastes great. 
This time around we had guests from Canada so we wanted to take them to the best brunch spot. We ordered the velvet pancakes to share as a table(it's massive) then we got beef short rib bennies, chicken and waffles bennies and creme brûlée French toast. All we're cooked to perfection! I'm not usually a beef person but their beef short rib bennies blew my mind. 
Our guest wanted to come back to try new menu items. We will definitely be back!Would have given five stars but our waitress was sub par. Loved everything we ordered maple oatmeal, strawberry waffles, Oreo and nf latte. Full bar! Perfect meal before seeing a matinee. The best part is that it's a green restaurant ECO FRIENDLY, which uses local produce and REASONABLY LOW PRICES. Another reason to go to the theater.this was so delicious the red velvet pancakes are so delicious like the oatmeal was good too my mom,dad,and sisters love g.e.ćAwesome breakfast spot! You can't go wrong with their French toast. I thought it was fairly priced and very clean. I would absolutely go back and recommend to a friend.Green Eggs Cafe was one of the first brunch places I ever went to in Philly. My friend and I split the red velvet pancakes and the kitchen sink - I would definitely recommend these two dishes. SOOOOO GOOD. The only downside is that the wait is rather long (you can't put your name on the queue unless you're physically there) and it gets really crowded. They also only accept cash.Crowded on most days and about an hour wait. However the food is phenomenal. I highly recommend the creme brûlée French toast or the Chicken and wafflesThis is my FAVORITE breakfast spot in Philadelphia, PA! The portions are huge and tasty. I went there yesterday with my new bride. We let the server know that we were newly married & they comped us free Lattes. Each time I've been there the food has gotten better. Yesterday I ordered the Eggs Benedict Short Braised Ribs. It was succulent & probably the best meal I've ever had. Also had the Peanut Butter Latte & it tastes just like it sounds. The place is cash only & totally worth it. The Red Velvet Pancakes are the most amazing creation this side of the Mississippi! Can't wait to go back! I recommend Green Eggs to any local or tourist visiting the City. If I could give more stars I would!!!!SERVICE - 0
1) Waiting area - Non-existent 
    For a restaurant that consistently anticipates an influx of customers, they have done absolutely nothing to accommodate for the wait. Ironically, they close down a section of the restaurant during the week. We were waiting in line with others outside on the street in the heat for more than 45 minutes. When I asked if we could be seated at the empty tables, we were told that area was only for weekends, or special bookings. Funny enough, they don't take reservations. It blows my mind that they basically take pride in seeing a number of their customers "work" for their seat here. It's almost like a sadistic significant other making you jump through as many hoops as possible to see how much you want them. 
2) Waiter - This place is ridiculously understaffed
    - forgot about us for a good 20 minutes after seating us
    - forgot to bring our red velvet pancakes until we were almost done with our meal, and had to remind another waiter about them. 
FOOD - 1
I moved to Philly 2 years ago, and the taste has significantly deteriorated. 
1) Red Velvet Pancakes - dry/ crumbly, with a bit too much aftertaste of food coloring. 
2) Kitchen sink - they forgot to add any salt at all. 
3) Nutella Latte - there was absolutely nothing nutella about it. It was watered down bland coffee with some dilute coco taste to it. I am pretty sure my little nephews have made me a better mocha just by giving me their chocolate milk and adding coffee to it. 
Finally, I saw a roach by the ATM that stands next to the bar area. So...buh bye Green eggs.Awesome food but...
- Took 10 minutes to get our coffee after waiting in line for 25
- No one carries cash anymore.  I guess maybe some of the hipsters in the neighborhood carry old world coin purses or some crap but none of the rest of us have $40 on hand. You don't want to pay the charges huh cafe?? So why not pass that charge on to us, right?
- They would have still gotten 4 stars though, had it not been for the nonsense on our bill.  So their portions are huge which is awesome but you'll most likely have leftovers...also great. But be conservative with how many boxes you need because THEY CHARGE YOU FOR A TAKE OUT BOX!!!!!!!!!!  What comic book villain money balled this place?? Who the f**k has the balls to charge for a to go box? It's only $.0.25 but that makes it even worse.  What are you an airline? How much for your napkins or to "rent" your plates?  I'm spending $3 for an ATM charge and you're charging me a quarter for a box?  Your margins are that thin?I came here with my boyfriend after finishing the Broad Street Run. We waited 45 minutes for a table (which was kind of annoying because I was starving after the race), but it was noon on a Sunday for brunch...
The place was packed, so our service was a little slow. My boyfriend had the 3 egg omelette, and I had the veggie burger. The food was pretty good (although my burger was surprisingly spicy), and the coffee was great because they serve La Columbe. After we finished our meals, it took a while to flag down the waitress to bring us our check.
It's a pretty good spot for brunch, but if you plan to go during prime-time brunch hours, make sure you're not in a rush to be somewhere.I really wanted to like this place after all of the great things I'd heard and also because the food sounds so delicious. Truth be told, I ordered a pork shoulder sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone and it was so salty that I could barely eat it. My boyfriend had the shrimp and grits benedict. Sounds promising, right? Unfortunately, it was TINY - we counted three small/medium sized shrimp in the entire thing. A friend had the breakfast burrito and it was deeply mediocre. None of us tried the variety of sweet brunch entrees which all look delicious. Perhaps that's what people like about this place?Great place to go to for brunch, although because it's extremely popular, you'll want to go early to grab a table. I had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 2. 
The servers are nice, they're very attentive!
My cousin and I ordered the Kitchen Sink and the Red Velvet Pancakes (the portions are HUGE, so it's a good idea to share dishes or just order less). The Kitchen sink had potatoes and eggs, so it was very filling. The Red Velvet Pancakes could feed 3 people! We didn't finish all of our food and had to take it home, so I would say it was worth the money. 
The inside is a bit crowded and busy; understandable because of how popular the place is. It's not as cozy as the other Green Eggs in South Philadelphia. 
Overall, great place to go to for brunch or lunch! It closes early, so you can't go for dinner (unless you eat very early).So we went down to Philadelphia for a day trip so ate at green eggs the food was good service okay the only thing I didn't like the home made sausage I   make my own sausage for pass 29 years but besides that i would go back just not to order the sausage it's not easy to make your own sausage you need consistencyHad the kitchen sink skillet. The food seems good here and lots of friend agree.   It is though very annoying it being cash only. Other than that everything else was fineThis place is always busy. No matter which of the 3-4 restaurants in Philly, they all have a waiting time. However the wait is worth it because the food is amazing. I personally recommend the chicken and waffle dish or the shrimp and grits, but I'm sure everything else is delicious.Listen. I have not found french toast this amazing anywhere in Philadelphia as of yet. The gluttony we participated in while eating here is sinful but was sooooo delicious. We had the short rib benedict (awesome), creme brulee french toast (awesome), apple pie french toast (awesome) and cajun crab mac and cheese (less awesome, a bit too salty..still yummy-ish). Between the two of us, we could not finish all of this food, obviously. So hesitantly, I took the leftover french toast to-go. I had it the next day....STILL AWESOME! Only downside, cash only (be prepared) and the line was to eternity but whatever. Will. Be. Back. For sure!Food is pretty good. I've tried the chicken and waffles and crab cake Benedict, red velvet and creme brûlée pancakes, and the buffalo Mac and cheese and Spanish fries. Everything is good, but my least favorite was the buffalo Mac and cheese. Just wasn't my cup tea. The pancakes are like desserts for breakfast and the portions are huge. Weekends are normally pretty busy, so expect to wait over a half hour. Cash only too!Spectacular food. Ambience and service were just okay. But the food--creme brûlée French toast and shrimp w grits were spectacular. Loved sharing both to get a taste of the sweet and savory.We were only a party of two, so at 9:00 a.am., we did not have to wait, unlike the larger parties who were there ahead of us. My friend had the Short Rib Benedict, while I had the "Kitchen Sink"--a three-egg crumbled-sausage omelette served in a skillet. The ribs were tender and tasty. The Kitchen Sink omelette was topped with their country style pork sausage gravy which looked like creamy Bechamel sauce. It had a very interesting and delightful flavor. Both dishes had skin-on potato wedges which were also quite delicious and filling. Servings are large, so if you have an average appetite, one dish can be shared by two. Since we did not split a savory dish, we were too full to try the luscious-looking sweet dishes they had. We don't know when we will ever be in Philly again, but this is a place that we must go back to. Our server was a very friendly Milo Ventimiglia-looking fellow, and we noticed that there were many other good-looking staff. Overall, I highly recommend this place.Crowded Sunday morning but seated quickly. Extensive hot and cold alcoholic and non-alcoholic drink menu. Huge portions or great food - pancakes, French toast definitely big enough to share!  Cash only, ATM on-site.Was in Philadelphia and Yelp brought me here. I LOVED IT. We ordered the benedict eggs veggie style and the pecan french toasts. Hell even the coffee was great. Go there, u'll love it.Good for breakfast/brunch (cuz they close at 4pm). The food is on point, especially if you need a rich, sweet, delicious breakfast.
The lunch salads are huge! And you will not want to share your duck pastrami sandwich on a soft rye with anyone :)I love Green Eggs Cafe.  I always get the steak and eggs and those potatoes are delicious .  I wish they would expand a bit more... but it's worth the waitFrench press was great and the English muffin, egg, cheese, avocado, and bacon sandwich was like a lucid dream I once had about eating an English muffin, egg, cheese, avocado, and bacon sandwich. I woke up feeling full and satisfied that day.I love the Chicken & Waffles Benedict its Southern fried chicken breast and poached country eggs on buttermilk waffles with sage maple and Louisiana Hot Sauce!Had a Saturday to relax but needed food before a pedicure. There's a few new places that opened downtown but I was fiending for something light. Saw the Green Egg's Cafe' & thought, "Oh, I could probably get a nice muffin or maybe a light plate of eggs." Mistake...this place doesn't do light...AT ALL!!!! 
Walked in & it was a mad house. I forgot to mention is was during the Made in America concert so, dumb me, it was packed. I was seated pretty fast but it was loud. I was considering going elsewhere until I saw the table to my right's food. A couple was leaning back in their chairs, just bloated but extremely happy. The woman noticed my confused look & said, "The creme brulee' pancakes....omg!!" Then my server appeared & honestly, I was afraid. I ordered egg white omelette with goat cheese & mushrooms; baked rosemary potatoes. I thought that would work for me since the creme brulee' pancakes looked great but not what I needed.
So waiting for my food, I went to the bathroom. Waited a while, since there's only one bathroom for the whole restaurant. 
Got out the bathroom & my food was hot & waiting for me. Ok...that's was a lot of eggs & potatoes. And it was very, very good & very filling. But I couldn't eat it all. I took about half of my omelette home. Looked on my left, there was a couple trying to eat the Red Velvet Pancakes & the Kitchen Sink. They looked at shocked as I did when I saw my plate.
Since it can get very crowded, very quick, I suggest you get their early & bring an appetite.This place is just an inch away from being a brunch euphoria. When I arrived with my girlfriend and son they stated that it would be a 25 minute wait. (Which is a walk in the park to me being as though it was springs first 90 degree weekend.) But we were seated much quicker than that. I started with the Ricky smoothie which was refreshing and had your typical blend of berry fruits with a twist of lemon. These smoothies typically pack less yogurt than the norm but it's nothing to complain about. For the little one we ordered the churro French toast sticks which were exactly what they sounded like served with fresh berries and a syrup and vanilla cream dip. I ordered the apple pie French toast (Delicious Delicious Delicious) and the peaches and cream steel cut oatmeal which I shared with my girlfriend. Sweet tooth ordered her the chocolate chip cookie dough French toast which is slammed with cookie dough and is the answer to every cookie lovers dream. Every single item we ordered we were won over by the first bite! I would definitely make the 3 hour drive back on a nice weekend day. (Maryland Native)There are more than a few vegetarian/vegan options here, which is really nice. I went here for brunch around 1PM and I had a ten minute wait for a table of five. 
I ordered the vegan ALT (avocado, lettuce, & tomato), which comes with a side (I ordered tomato soup). The vegan ALT was very delicious. The bread was very thick and the avocado was seasoned well. I would order it again! 
The tomato soup came with four croutons, but I was unable to finish it because it was EXTREMELY salty. I would not order this again. 
The service was AMAZING and quick. Our waitress was extremely kind and explained the menu options well. 
My friends ordered eggs benedicts, which came with large potato cubes that would be seasoned with rosemary or something else. If you don't like potatoes I would not order any of the benedicts.We ordered the chicken and waffles, creme brûlée French toast, and Nutella stuffed French toast (special of the day). The chicken and waffles was full of flavor, the fried chicken was fresh and juicy, and the egg was properly poached. Both of the French toast meals were amazing! When we showed up they said it would be an hour wait, but we were seated in 5 min. Cash only and they have an ATM available.This was a wonderful find. We were looking for a "neat" breakfast place on our stay in Philly for the Mummers' Parade, and it was recommended to us. The service and food were excellent. Even though we had to wait 25 minutes for our table the host was very accommodating (allowing me to park my scooter off to the side - I'm disabled), and they have heat lamps outside where you wait so you don't even notice the cold. Our  omelettes were light, fluffy and huge. Barista could have done a better job on our salted caramel lattes, but they were good. However, they do not carry decaf expresso - something they should reconsider. I would have given them 5 stars if they had had decaf for my latte. The home fries or actually thin wafers of potatoes are the best I've had. Order them with peppers and onions. I highly recommend Green Eggs for breakfast or lunch. You won't be disappointed.So hear me out! I LOVE THE FOOD HERE! The food has always been great! Full of flavor and rich in texture. The presentation is consistent and the ambiance is decent.
Problem 1: the wait time is horrendous! I'm a regular every Saturday around noon, and although it's expected to be busy they really should strongly consider EXPANDING! Some times the wait is a huge turn off. Parking is horrific as well. It's the luck of the draw. 
Problem 2: the people running the place aren't that friendly. It's like the mafia, speak when spoken to type of interaction. I don't get an overwhelmingly friendly vibe from any of the staff. 
Problem 3: this is primarily why I give only 2 stars. Often when I go to this restaurant I bring about 4 to 5 people with me. We're usually sat at the front by the door. It's their only long table. What I don't appreciate is that when its time to pay the bill the manager and or door boy guards the front door as if we are going to run out on the bill. And these are people of color that stand guard. It's disheartening and offensive. It happens every time like clock work. Except for when there's a group of Caucasian individuals sitting there. Gotta do better Green Eggs! 
Problem 4: cash only is annoying! I would much rather swipe my card. I don't carry cash on me in the city for OBVIOUS reasons.As we walked by we saw a mass of people eating breakfast here through the large glass windows. We caught a glance of people's breakfast plates and decided that this would be a great spot to grab a bite. Due to the restaurant being busy we did have to wait a few minutes for a table, however it was clear that the staff were moving as fast as they could to ensure quick service. 
The serving staff were all super friendly and we were bought over glasses of water and the menus within a minute of us sitting down. 
We both ordered the eggs Benedict which comes with a side of sliced potatoes. You can either have the potatoes with a hint or rosemary or mixed with onions and peppers. We both thoroughly enjoyed the food, but neither of us could finish it due to the large portion size (however this is common practice in the USA). The sauce was creamy but light and the eggs were cooked to perfection with runny yolks and properly cooked whites. 
We definitely left full to bursting and with only a small dint to the bank account balance.Had the apple pie French toast, strawberry smoothie and red velvet Pancakes. Everything was fresh and delicious. The perfect hangover cure. Well worth the wait!Excellent place to eat, all day they serve breakfast n brunch, n lunch. Hubby n i went for a weekend trip n happen to find this place, it's the best, we ever had, one thing i have to say, be prepared to wait about 25 to 30 minutes to get seated, but luckly we were lucky to get a seat within 10 minutes on a Saturday.  I had the chicken n waffle,very tasty live it, hubby had the cookie dough french toast n that is to die for, definitely recommend that. Service is great ,staff is friendly. They only accept cash. This place is a must to recommend when visited Philadelphia.This place is worth the wait, I had an amazing coconut drink that made me feel like I was on a beach. I had the strawberry shortcake French toast which was delicious but very sweet. If you don't want to wait to eat you have to go early. This place only accepts cash so make sure you have some so you don't have to pay the atm fee there.Green Eggs Cafe offers pretty standard American brunch fare.  I wouldn't say there was anything specifically special about it, but it has all the necessary components of a good meal service experience.  You guessed it: large portions, efficient and friendly service, and decent menu options that are consistently tasty.  If you have a taste for anything on the menu I don't doubt that it will be good.Always great. I've been here a few times and my favorite has to be the red velvet pancakes. Delicious. The portions are massive, and could easily be three meals. It gets crowded fast so I would suggest getting there as they open or trying to go on a weekday.Really nice little breakfast spot. Large portions and good mimosas make for a great morning. It is really busy and the table we were sat at was connected like a long bench to another couple eating which was odd but the food made up for that. I had a short rib Benedict with fried onions and peppers and it was wonderful. Too much food for one small person but delicious. They mixed a bit of horseradish in with the holondaise which really set it apart from the other benedicts to me.This is my favorite brunch place in the city, it never disappoints. Their apple pie french toast is to die for! The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because, the price is always increasing and could probably be a little cheaper.Took the family here and everyone loved it!
Portions are big. 
Food was delicious.
I would recommend sharing a dish.
They are getting 4 stars because no one came back to the table to refill our coffee. When asked for a refill, they acknowledged but never came back.This place was so good. I read the reviews prior to visiting Philly. Everyone talks about the red velvet pancakes so that's what I got. Make sure you go hungry because the portions are huge!!!!  Also make sure you have cash because you can only pay that way. If not they have an ATM located inside.  If you sit by the window there's an awesome mural to look at while eating.Delish Delish Delish
Did  I mention it was delicious?
I had their version of eggs benedict YUM
Tasted the Apple Pie French Toast, wish I could've eaten the whole order. 
Definitely going back!
Just beware, there are three and one of them does not do BYOB any longer.If you are getting brunch at Green Eggs, it is not because you were strolling by. It's because you planned it. The line can be quite intimidating and you can easily expect a 30-45 minute wait. 
That said. I would wait well over and hour to eat here. Once you get past the wait, you are in a state of euphoria and bliss. I have never been disappointed in my experience at this establishment.
As with most restaurants in Philly, you can expect a fresh hot cup of La Colombe coffee straight away. Then you need to make the impossible decision between sweet and savory. Me, I always choose both.
The general plan is for everyone to get a savory dish and then we put a sweet dish in the middle to share. Short Ribs Benedict is my personal favorite!!!
For the sweet side, I highly recommend the Apple Pie French Toast or the Red Velvet pancakes. 
Most importantly, as a side for your meal, break out the big bucks and spend the extra $1 on the grits. They'll even sprinkle some scrapple flakes on top. A definite win for the customer!
I love this place and will return. 
BE AWARE. THIS IS CASH ONLY AND THE BILL WILL BE MORE THAN $20. Generally, each meal is around $15. Bring enough with you. Even so, they have an ATM with a low surcharge at $.99.What is not to love here? Oh the wait that's right! 45 mins - an hour to get a table is steep but it's soooo worth it!!! As a vegetarian, my personal fav is the veggie eggs benny with the potatoes but everything in the menu is incredible! Go & try it all! Just make sure it's nice out so you can get some shopping in while you wait ;)Phenomenal brunch spot and worth the wait. The portions are gigantic and you are guaranteed very creative specials. We had the breakfast egg rolls and s'mores French toast kebabs, and eggs Benedict. Everything was mouthwatering! Can't wait to head back!This is THEE BEST BREAKFAST SPOT ever!!! The creme brulee French toast and cheese grits with shrimp will make you hum out loud!It was good, not super spectacular as I was expecting.  I believe though what made it drop in rating for me was the lack of any type of modification available.  For example, I ordered the shrimp and grits, which comes with two eggs on top.  I wasn't completely sure I would like this so I asked if I could have my eggs on the side then I could try it on top, (if I liked it...YAY...if not...I already know I like shrimp and grits so we are golden!!) The answer was "no, they won't do it that way. But feel free to take the eggs off yourself.")  After being slightly taken aback, I ordered it anyway.  It was very good. However, I don't eat green peppers and the gravy for the sauce was full of them.  I waited for our waitress to check on us (did not happen) finally after my husband had finished half his food (which was wonderful) I flagged down someone to ask for a side of biscuit gravy.  The answer was "I'm not sure if you can.  I'll ask."  At this point I was confused.  I did not wish for free gravy.  I'm unfamiliar with restaurants not allowing customers to order items.  Eventually, I was "allowed to order gravy" (a small bowel, $3)  after I offered to buy a side of biscuits and gravy with no biscuits.....all the while my breakfast is getting colder.  Overall, I won't be back.  Philly has lots of super options for food in which I can order, and pay to get something to eat without it being a hassle. Additionally, our water was empty and not refilled.  My coke was refilled by flagging down a sweet man bussing tables.Went with my boyfriend for Sunday brunch. We waited around 15 minutes to get a table, and it was worth it. Menu is amazing, it is very hard to pick! I had the creme brulee pancakes (were sooooo good, moist, sweet enough and delicious berry jam) and my boyfriend had The Kitchen Sink which was also amazing. We ordered a side of bacon and shared a smoothie and the check overall was under $40!
Service is really good, and we left stuffed!!! loved it, and would go again!Been here x3-4 at this point, mostly for brunch/lunch. Always a line if you try to hit it up during prime weekend brunch hours, and they don't take reservations. 
Signature red velvet pancakes are pretty damn good. The other standout I can remember is the vanilla bean creme brûlée French toast, as well as the short rib benedict.
However, my most recent time, splitting the Thanksgiving leftovers poached egg special and the spicy meatball sandwich (both specials), was fair to middling. 
It's on the middle-to-pricier end of the brunch scale at $12+ for each entree. 
Overall, it's worth it just to try the red velvet pancakes, but it's not going to be my first pick for brunch again anytime soon.Flies everywhere. Server unfriendly. Side waffle $11? And then my friend showed me the rat video gimme a break lolService was great, LOVE the pecan pie French toast, scrapple and eggs, and red velvet pancakes. Only takes cash but they tell you at beginning and show you were the atm is, huge portions so plan on taking some home.I've been to Green Eggs many times and I'd consider it to be one of my favorite cafes. Each time I've been, the staff has been very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is cute and contemporary, but as it's such a popular place it can get a bit crowded. My only wish is that it wasn't cash only. 
Now, onto the food. Green Eggs are well known for their Red Velvet Pancakes. Believe me when I say they are HUGE, so I'd definitely recommend sharing. I've also enjoyed a variety of their French toasts. Their eggs benedict are delicious. But my absolute favorite dish they offer are the Shrimp & Grits. The grits are so cheesy, the creole sauce is so flavorful, and it's in a skillet so the portion size is pretty big! Yum!Trendy, exceptionally tasty, and large portions. A little off the beaten path and totally worth the walk. Only down side I found? Cash only. Outside of that, not a single "meh" type comment.  Go get your grub on!Green Eggs and Sabrinas are the "Pats vs Genos" of Philly brunch. Both are excellent and both have multiple locations throughout the city.
I've tried the breakfast burrito, Red velvet pancakes, and the Creme Brulee French Toast - definitely must trys.
Cash only.It was a 45 minute wait which was very irritating in the blasting sun and hungry stomach, but it was most definitely worth it. Luckily, I was a tourist for the day, so I went to Magic Gardens and came back just in time for a delicious brunch. I was really excited for the french toast and pancakes, but I ended up getting the kitchen sink. It was very good, but I regretted not getting my first pick (french toast). I guess I'll have to come back!The red velvet pancakes are too sweet to finish not worth 
However, Chicken and waffles eggs Benedict soooooo effing good! The perfect breakfast. You have the sweetness from the waffles spiciness from the chicken and savoriness from the eggs. The eggs were light. Def be back   
The Carmel latte was good tooThis is a great brunch spot in philly. It's always packed so except a wait because they don't take reservations. My favorites off the menu is the red velvet pancakes and the tofu scramble! This is the best tofu scramble I have ever had! Its so tasty with a excellent blend of flavors and comes with a side of potatoes and veggie sausage. I love coming back here just for this!Red velvet pancakes were great but wayyyy too much! Omelets are great but salty, probably b/c I had turkey bacon and ham (both obviously already salted). With fruit side and toast, it was very filling.The wait was longer then it took the food. Had a late brunch and food was great. Manager was a great guy, when I order ham with eggs it came out slightly cold, and took care so fast that he even took it off the bill in apologies. Great service,  all the waiters took turns coming to our table to take care of our needs.Carissa gave us an amazing experience! This was honestly the best breakfast I've ever had. She was so sweet and attentive. I think our original server was someone else but she was most attentive and caring. Thanks for the wonderful start to our day! I can't wait to come back soon when I visit Philly.Their food never fails. I enjoyed it every time I go. Just this time, something doesn't make any sense to me. So I went in and sat down first. I was trying to order first for my friend and I since we are on a tight schedule. The waitress asked if my friend is in the bathroom, I said no she parking (and pointing right outside of the restaurant.) Then the waitress said I am sorry, but we don't allow people to order for the person who is not here yet. I was like umm that's weird I remembered I did that before. So I said that's fine, I'll just order two portion for myself. She said sure. Okay... so I am wondering what's the problem here...is it because she thinks the food will be cold if I order for my friend first, or I can't pay for it? I mean I don't know... just doesn't make any sense to me...and we were never get check on to see if we want more coffee or water until we finished and waiting for the check...besides that...everything I had were delicious...I feel like we got a little lucky with an instant seating at prime lunch/brunch time on a Saturday, but I am glad we did. Service was fast and everyone was super friendly. Got the chicken and waffles eggs benedict. I was leery of the "hot sauce hollandaise" but it ended up being just the right touch to the dish. Fried chicken was great layered on the waffle/egg stack. Needless to say, there was no need for a doggy bag! The abundance of eggs benedict varieties on the menu was what had me wanting to go back for another visit, or two, or three!I have had this place bookmarked forever and finally I had a chance to go. 
Coffee nice and strong. The omelette my husband ordered was very good. 
My dish was disappointing. First I ordered the chicken and waffle. My expectations were really high since this is supposed to be one of dishes they are well known for. First bite - cold waffle. I don't ever send stuff back but the waffle was not edible. I let the server know and he quickly apologized and ordered an new one. By the time my dish arrived, my husband had pretty much finished his plate but it was okay because I was going to enjoy mine. 
My plate made it to me and the waffle was perfect. Score! Then I cut into the chicken and it was tough  and had an unusual color. Was it undercooked? It was fried chicken but the crust was not really present. And well I just could not get past that strange color. I had ordered the home fries with pepper and onions & what I got was rosemary potatoes. My potatoes tasted totally different than my husbands even though we ordered the same thing. 
The service was fine- coffee refills offered plenty of times which was appreciated. 
$40 for breakfast with tip- can't say I'd recommend or come back.After reading yelp reviews and seeing their menu, my husband and I decided to give green eggs cafe a try for our first breakfast in Philly. We are thrilled that we chose this place. The place was very busy but we were seated right away and the staff was very helpful and friendly. My husband had the kitchen sink skillet which was huge! He was very happy with this dish. I tried a special menu item that day called the Ultimate Philly eggs Benedict which was equally delicious! We would come back to this place in a heartbeat!The first time I went to Green Eggs, I fell in love. The line is going to be long any day, but I would definitely wait. The atmosphere wasn't too noisy. Saturday and Sunday brunch time are always packed. Their pancakes and french toasts are to die for. The kitchen sink is something to try as well. It's served on a hot iron skillet, and it's amazingggggggg.Food is 5 star but service is seriously lacking.  I don't expect to be fawned over in a casual place but a check-in after the food is served and to see if you want a drink refill is standard.  Left feeling full but thirsty.Such a delicious meal!!! I will DEFINITELY be back and I'm bringing EVERYONE!!! 
The red velvet pancakes are delicious...I couldn't even finish the kids portion...THE KIDS PORTION! 
Don't be fooled, there is a wait but it's definitely worth it. 
Do know that the specialty french toast rotates every 2 weeks (per our waitress). I'm waiting for the chocolate chip cookie dough  french toast to make a comeback.Must start out by saying we ate outside on a hot Sunday morning because our puppy was with us. No problem except it was hot and not the best way to try (and rate) a new restaurant.  The host was not friendly and seemed a bit put off we wanted to eat outside until he saw the dog. No problem.
The food was ok but not memorable. Many fellow yelpers prefer this over Honey's. Not me. Honey's is my favorite brunch place followed by Cafe Lift, then Sabrina's. The food is good here. Just better options. Service was friendly and very good.I normally frequent Morning Glory and Sabrina's so when I tried this I was skeptical. I was pleasantly surprised. Great food, cute decor with a fireplace and all. LOVE their stuffed french toast...so good...don't come here to eat salad and diet food u can do that at home.Great atmosphere. Loved the food. I had the creme brulee French toast and it was amazing!! The only thing the whip and fruit sauce on top were way too sweet for my liking. I also had the breakfast burrito and it was awesome and stuffed to the max. I also had a side of home fries with the rosemary and it was good i like my home fries a little more crunchy but overall they were good. Only thing is they only take cash!! But other than that i would definitely recommend and go back.Love this place. Although, the menu changes some, the food remains scrumptious . Prices are right, people are nice but....KNOW the space is small so you may be in for a wait.Excellent breakfast place.  Interesting menu, nice service, happening place.  Good restaurant for an eclectic breakfast.Breakfast was amazing!  I tried the breakfast burrito, the plate was so pretty that I didn't want to eat it but glad I did!After living blocks away and always hearing the hype, I finally went for brunch with family on a Friday. I was pleasantly surprised with how big it was inside, they had a whole extra room I didn't know existed. It felt very roomy despite being populated. We didn't have a wait either! Service was great - very friendly but not overbearing. Also prices were normal, in fact a lot cheaper than I expected. All of us could barely finish our dishes! I knew beforehand that it was cash only but I appreciated that they had their own ATM. My whole family really enjoyed the meal and the experience. Def worth the hype!The wait: 
You have to wait outside to be called.  I don't know how that works on a rainy day but I did not enjoy it on a hot, sunny day.  The wait for a party of three was 45 minutes at about 12:30 pm.  The wait for couples and outside seating was a little less. The hostess would walk around and ask parties of two if they wanted to sit outside.  The only problem was that she seemed to be doing it randomly not in the order in which people arrived. Be sure to check in with her periodically to see where your name is on the list.  I definitely saw one couple seated before a couple that was there longer.  Also, there seems to be a lag in the turnaround of empty tables. When I left, there were at least four tables empty that have been cleaned and cleared for at least 10 minutes. However, there were still a group of people waiting outside and the hostess did not seem in any hurry to seat them.
The food:
I had the steak and eggs which came with home fries, spinach, and your choice of toast.  I chose the multigrain toast and it was really good.  I enjoyed my meal. My friend had the vegan french toast and vegan sausage.  She said she enjoyed her meal.  I tried the vegan sausage and it was good.  This is coming from a serious meat eater! My other friend had the southern skillet which she said was very tasty. We were not able to finish our meal so bring an appetite.  
Overall, I felt it was a pleasant experience excluding the wait.  It was actually larger inside than I anticipated.  I would return when in Philly.This cash-only brunch place served the usual brunch fare with a nice list of specials too. We went on a Saturday around 10 and were immediately seated, but when we left there looked to be a wait.
The eggs benedict were as expected, with delicious rosemary potatoes. My husband had the breakfast burrito, which he thought was above average (and came with lots of avocado!). Service was decent, and food came out quick. A nice go-to brunch restaurant!Amazing place!  Red velvet pancakes were great not as amazing as I thought they would be but everything else was on point.  Scrapple was amazing!  Surely will go back again there Creme Brûlée French toast was delicious!I've been going to Green Eggs for years. It seems that each time I go back, I recognize fewer and fewer of the servers.  This is disappointing. With what seems to be more regular turnover in staff, the quality in the service has seemed to go downhill relative to its attentiveness and care.
The food is consistently excellent, no matter what I've gotten, whether it was for lunch or dinner.
Our most recent visit was last weekend for breakfast; the food was outstanding  as usual. However, when I requested a refill for my coffee, it took inexplicably about 5-10 minutes. She had forgotten, as only when I made eye contact with her, she arrived with a pot of coffee.
Would still highly recommend if you want a good meal for breakfast or lunch, with only average service.Okay, so I've only been once but this was probably the best breakfast I ever had. I ordered the signature red velvet pancakes and a side of bacon and both not only tasted, but also looked delicious. The pancakes almost formed a cake they were such a massive stack, but made up of fairly thin pancakes which are sandwiched with mascarpone cream, strawberries and chocolate morsels. Enough to make the friend I came with (who hates sweets) freak out at how delicious they were. And I barely ate a quarter of them too, so having paid $12, I had at least one or two more meals worth. Extraordinary.Best food I've had in a very long time! We had a 25mind wait, but it wAs worth it. Great atmosphere and great customer service. One bite of tiramisu French toast and u thought I wAs in heaven. Nutella latte and signature hash browns are must try. My husband ordered breakfast burrito. Very tasty as well. Very cute place with amazing food! Cash only! Park on the streets. Very environmental friendly :)Amazing!!!!!!!! The next time I'm in PA I will be coming back.
The space is very small so don't be surprise if it seems like your having brunch with a stranger. We sat at a long table by another couple we didn't know. The portion of food is very large so you don't really need to order extra sides. This is by far the best place I've ate at in PAI've heard of this place through many people and never really searched it out but found myself walking right past it one afternoon yearning for a good brunch.
The menu is staked with a lot of options for a solid brunch. The basic breakfast staples of eggs, omelets.l, and pancakes but their french toast sounded amazing however with a desire for salty savory the skillets looked most appealing.
I ordered the shrimp and grits skillet and my friend got the kitchen sink skillet (scrambled eggs, cheese, potatoes, biscuit and sausage gravy).  And we each ordered potatoe latkes. 
We waited about 40 minutes for our food which I felt was kind of ridiculous and our waitress didn't bring the food out or even ask if we needed anything until 20 minutes into our meal. It really wasn't that busy either for a Monday afternoon brunch. The grits were delicious and the eggs were cooked over easy but the shrimp was a bit over cooked and rubbery. The kitchen sink was delicious but very filling. A few bites into it were overwhelmingly filling!I love brunch. I need to make sure this is clear. Favorite meal.
I have been to the greats in Philly. This might be my number 2 meal in the city.
The kitchen sink is amazing. Simple. Amazing. The portions on all were enormous and there was nothing we did not like. The adults loved it, kids loved it. On top of amazing food, the coffee was perfect. This may not seem gushing enough but it's been a few weeks. But when we left, we were in food comas and talked about it for the next few days.
Only negatives...the crowd and the server was not great but were not bad enough to make this a bad experience.
Would give 4 1/2 if I could. Saving 5 for one other place. Sorry.Great brunch. Terrific omelettes, great specialties, and a helpful staff equals a terrific Sunday dining experience. Keep it up Green Eggs Cafe!Came to medium full, friday at 9 am.  Waitress would not put in the order for my 2 yr old child without having our complete order ready.  We had to get a manager to clarify that this is not the restaurant policy and were given a wonderful new waitress.  The order for him went through right away with ours following 5 minutes later.  I do not settle for poor service from one lazy waitress and this restaurant came highly recommended.
Red velvet pancakes came quickly and were fluffy inside and crispy on the outside.  My son enjoyed them.  Theres definitely a bbq kick to the bloody mary.   The crab mac and cheese was yummy with a Dry finish on top, sprinkled with a heaping tbsp of crab, and a creamy skillet beneath.  The crab was sweet like diner cole slaw.  My wife got the breakfast burrito and said it had an indian kick to it.  The food is very filling and the portions are generous. I had to take the crab mac home and couldn't finish even half for brunch.  Would come back.  CASH ONLY.Food was a 5, service was a 4 because our server was slow to coke check on us and slow to bring us things we asked for. He checked on the table next to us, but didn't turn to see if we needed anything (and we did need a box and the check). Other waitresses were more attentive of us so it was probably just this one waiter. 
We ordered the strawberry and cream stuffed French toast which was delicious. Not too sweet, although it did get rich by the end. The chicken caprese sandwich was also very good. The bread was an asiago bread that added good flavor and texture to the sandwich. I ordered it with a tomato soup that was similar consistency to a marinara sauce. I liked it although my fiancé would have preferred it to be a thinner consistency.A TON of food on each plate. I got the egg plate, came with toast, a generous portion of potatoes (AMAZING), and vegan chorizo. The chorizo was not my favorite, but the meal was still amazing. My friend let me try his cookie dough French toast; make sure you order a savory side, because that is a super sweet dish! Great service, CASH ONLY.This is by far the best restaurant in Philadelphia (that I've dined in.) Often, I would drive from Smyrna, DE to Philadelphia just to dine at green eggs. The only downside is they only take cash and they close super early.I don't know if I should be proud or ashamed that I've tried all of the benedicts on the green eggs menu. What can I say? I'm a sucker for bennys. I'd say the veggie benedict is my favorite, followed by the regular eggs benedict & chicken and waffles benedict.  There's nothing extraordinary about the benedicts, they are just really, really good and reliable. I've been to green eggs a lot and I've never had a bad benny experience. I like to order mine with cheesy grits because I'm worth it. 
The short rib benedict was a bit too salty when I ordered it, but it could have been an off day. I stay faaaaar away from cream cheese, so I can't comment on the lox benedict.
Overall, green eggs is worth the wait and the mild inconvenience of paying in cash.atrocious service followed by a general lack of consideration toward customers. fuck this place and anyone who works there. it's an embarrassment to the great and delicious Philly breakfast sceneBest brunch place in Philadelphia. Wait time is a little long (like 30 minutes to an hour) but definitely worth the wait.I have to say, green eggs loses a star after my last few visits. I just haven't found anything else on the menu besides the chicken and waffle Benedict thAt warrants the crowds and the price tag. 
I still enjoy that one dish, and shall return for it.Delish. One of the best breakfast places ever. Take cash and a friend to split a spurge and a sensible plate.Found this location on Yelp while overnighting in downtown Philadelphia on business.  
Location and Service:
I arrived at approximately 08:00 around the time the restaurant opened. The place is very clean and well kept and there were only a few people seated. The hostess was very welcoming and asked if we were comfortable sitting where she placed us.  The waiter was very quick to arrive and was always looking over to the table to ask if we needed anything.  
Food:
I ordered the egg white omelette with fruits and it arrived in about 5 minutes.  The portion was huge and the food was delicious.  
My overall experience was superb.  I will definitely return to this location if ever in Philadelphia.I'm torn between a four and five star review. I decided on five. I'd heard really good things about this place so I decided to give it a try. My middle daughter was upset because she wanted to take me there, oops. First if your going on the weekend expect a long wait. The place draws a crowd. We waited about 40 minutes for a table. Once inside we were seated at a small table for two. The place was actually larger than I thought. Be forewarned, this is a cash only establishment. That being said I had to make a mad dash to a citizens bank a couple blocks away. My daughter ordered a raspberry lemonade for us which was actually green. We didn't ask why it was green. Tasted ok. I like Cracker Barrels better. This restaurant prides themselves on being a "green" restaurant. All ingredients are locally sourced and their meats are made in house. 
Ok let's get down to the food. I ordered the red velvet pancakes. WARNING: these are huge!!! They are a three stack of cakes with chocolate chips and a cream cheese spread between each cake. They were topped with another slightly sweet cream and strawberries with a dusting of confectioners sugar. Aa much as I wanted to love these I just didn't. The cream cheese spread, which wasn't very sweet, make the pancakes a gummy mess. Just my opinion. If your a chocolate lover then the addition of he chocolate chips will delight. I also ordered a side of scrambled eggs with cheddar and their house made chicken sausage. The sausage have a bit of kick to them but I found them to be quite tasty. The eggs were just meh.
So your probably wondering why did you give a 5 star review Deanna? You don't seem impressed with your food? Well I wasn't too impressed with "my" food. It was my daughters food. She had the Apple Pie French Toast. It was AWESOME! Nice thick slices of challah bread loaded with apple slices, cinnamon crumb topping and a dollop of whipped cream. It was heavenly. It made me sad that I didn't order it. Next time. 
The menu has a lot to offer. The portions are large. They offer vegetarian and pork free options as well. I do highly recommend this place to any one looking for a departure from the ordinary.Writing this as I visit my favorite brunch spot in Philly. (I am not being rude on my phone, I am alone) Starting off with my coffee, I ask for heavy cream, my server without enthusiasm says they may have it in the kitchen and emphasizes downstairs. There is chantily cream all over the menu I am sure you guys have it. I assume she doesn't want to go get it for me. She brings me my coffee and places it on the edge of the table so I can fetch that for myself in front of me. She also brings me a straw as a stirrer. Another server brings me my apple pie french toast and with much enthusiasm tells me this is his all time favorite. He lifts my mood and I am happy about my choice. The apple pie french toast was so delicious. It had caramel dripping on the side with tart apples and a good amount of cinnamon. This is the french toast I come here for. I always leave here wishing I had q bigger stomach for at least two dishes. Personally, the coffee tastes watered down to me but its OK because the food is great!came here with my girlfriend for brunch, the place was packed!!
we shared the eggs bene and some bacon, and had some coffee. it was delicious. she enjoyed their green juice. 
my only qualm with green eggs is that they are only cash, and it was incredibly packed. the food was okay, but i think there are better brunch options in my opinionThe menus looks amazing! I got the veggie benefit it would really good but I have one big complaint that the potatoes were not hot or even warm and feel like they were from the day before!
If I overlook that the food was really tasty! They also have yummy coffee and shakes too. Overall good place.This is the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. A group of us came two days before my wedding. It was our closest of friends and bridal party and we wanted to take them out. Biggest regret to bring them here. As our group was filtering in slowly, the manager personally came out and was EXTREMELY rude to us. Yelling at how slow we were being. We explained and apologized again and again. He continued to stand NEXT TO OUR TABLE and insult us and yell at all of our close friends. We said we would leave if it was bothering him so much. He said "GET OUT." I started saying how badly this reflects on his future business and that I'll post a bad yelp review and he replied yelling, "I'M NOT SCARED OF YOU." It was humiliating to be yelled at with all of my close friends and family and watch them get yelled at as well. Last time I'm visiting this place.Green Eggs, despite its fun name, is not something to be taken in context from the children's book.  Upon reading the website, it is a nod to the "green earth" campaign hitting the commercialized foodie market, but not actually anything organic, farm-raised, or locally selected.  Of course, the menu offers some nostalgic favorites such as classic Eggs Benedict, but also offers spins on the odd-ball traditionals like, fried chicken and waffles, or creme brûlée french toast.  What lead us to try Green Eggs were the simple raves and reviews from people that like this place, but in actuality have never been to IHOP or Perkins.  The food was heavy, overly done, in large plates and tremendous portion sizes, barely leaving room on our minuscule table.  We gravitated toward the choice of ordering the Red Velvet pancakes, interested in trying them based on this craze sweeping foodies as well.  Myself and partner ordered one each, but our waitress did not bother to tell us that we could have gotten away with splitting the Entenmann's sized cake with not one, not two, but three layers, also filled with chocolate morsels baked in!  The dish, which we both barely even ate more than a quarter of, was obnoxiously heavy, cake-like in constancy, and made us sick to look at after three bites.  Kudos to the waitress for not giving us good advice on that order, simply to bump up her measly tip.  
Additionally, the breakfast add-ons, such as the biscuits and gravy, which our waitress recommended to be "really great," came out in an oversized plate, smothered in a sausage gravy (sausage not noted in the menu description) and with a stale, corn-muffin like biscuit that was brittle, hard, and densely dry.  
Bumping a small breakfast order up another $5 was the side of thick, super-salty bacon in three massive strips, greased up in a dish, ready to clog my arteries at first bite.
Beware of their "Cash Only" entrapment.  They are obviously too cheap to fork over the fees to credit card companies as their fancy, touchscreen POS terminals have the credit card swipes on the side.
Every dish that we watched come out since we waited over fifteen minutes for ours, was big, over done, and just looked poorly executed with thick sauces, fat mounds of coverings, and then dainty garnishes of fruits, or mint leaves.
If you want heavy, gross, and overpriced breakfasts, that will burn a hole in your wallet, this is a great place for you.  But if you want the same effect for more than half the price with better service, just go to IHOP down the block.
As a wordily food traveler, there are some experiences you just don't want to forget, but this is a place I quickly crossed off my list of most memorable places I have eaten.Came here for the first time today and it was not memorable. I ordered the "kitchen sink" and a tall glass of skim milk. The dish was just OK. If was really greasy and fatty and didn't have much of a taste at all. Was really disappointed with the flavors as well as the price ($13)We came before the rush on a Sunday morning and we're sat right away. By 9:30 the place is packed.
The menu is amazing. We tried the creme brûlée French toast (our fav), red velvet pancakes, Nutella French toast, the kitchen sink skillet(yummy but huge and very rich) and a special Benny w bacon and arugula (amazingly thick yummy bacon but just average hollandaise sauce). The also have a long list of fun coffee drinks- think Oreo latte or coconut espresso. The food was delish, servings were huge and service was amazing. These guys anticipated all of our needs before we could think of them. We will absolutely be back w friends!!!!Obviously one of the best brunch spots in Philly for a reason. Ended up getting the classic Red Velvet Pancakes which were HUGE!!!! I would definitely recommend splitting with a friend or two. They were perfect and a must try. Also got fries which were thin cut, crispy, and perfect. Come here hungry and go home super stuffed!The food here was simply amazing! I ordered the crème brûlée french toast, which was incredible. I also ordered a side of eggs, chicken sausage (yummy :-) and cheese grits. The portions were huge! I couldn't finish it all but was glad to take it home for a follow up meal later on. Our waitress was great as well! Although the wait was approx. 45 minutes, I'm glad we stayed!I was hoping the service wouldn't be the same as I read in previous reviews, at least from other locations which made us choose this one. I was told over the phone it would be a 15-20 minute wait for two people and Green eggs was packed at 11am on a Sunday morning, as expected. The hostess greeting people outside the cafe said it would be a 40 minute wait just 25 minutes after I called to check how long it would be. Not the best first impression. 
Since I had my belly brain set on this place I convinced my bf to wait the 40 minutes.We walked around the store next door. 15 minutes later I said we should just check and see the wait, and 5 minutes later we were called to be seated. The hostess didn't smile and was on her phone almost the entire time we were waiting.
The food was really great. We loved the short rib Benedict and chicken and waffles Benedict. Both perfectly cooked, super tender and delicious! We split the creme brûlée French toast and it, too, was soo good. Just the right amount of sweetness, topped with cream and berry compote Mm! Grits had more of a creamy, kind of gooey texture to them. I didn't care for them, but on that note I'm not sure how grits should traditionally be prepared. 
Service wasn't bad, we didn't have to wait too long for our food but we did have two waitresses come back and forth to our table. Be sure to look in the back wall by the kitchen for specials and it is Cash Only!! ATM inside. Enjoy!Green Eggs Cafe is so yummy! It was my first time experiencing this restaurant/cafe and it was simply marvellous! 
I had a vegetable skillet, as well as Mac and cheese with bacon bits in it, and a Nutella latte that was made perfectly. My friend had tiramisu French toast that hit the spot.
The reason behind why I'm not giving it five stars was the waitress that we both had. The first one, I forgot her name, was such a sweetheart! She greeted us at the door, making a cute comment how it was odd where the location of the menus are and happily seated us at our table, explaining the menu to us.
It was early in the morning, 9:00 AM exactly so the fact that she was in a good mood made me happy too. 
The second waitress (I think her name was Devin?) wasn't exactly welcoming. She had a bad attitude, perhaps it was too early and I'll give her the benefit of the doubt that perhaps she isn't a morning person, but geez; I was a hostess during my teenage years and I learnt to leave anything personal at the door, before stepping into work. My friend even noticed her attitude and hostility.
Anyway, it was overall a good experience. Our first server was a sweetheart that'll have me coming back!The food is super delicious! I've never ordered anything that I haven't been completely satisfied with.
I just had my first lunch experience here; the food was great, but unfortunately I definitely can't say the same for the service. I was very dissatisfied with the service!
I still rate this 5 stars since this is the first time that I've received slow and poor service.I have been going the the green eggs on second street for some time now. That location is awesome. However, today since I was in center city, I tried this location. NEVER AGAIN. First, the waitress seemed to constantly disappear. When we did see her and needed something she acted as if we were getting on her nerves. Not to mention the food took long to come out. Someone at my table ordered the shrimp and grits with Creole sauce. When it hits the table, we realized there was something in there that they could not eat. It was not listed on the menu. Also, my bacon was over cooked and under cooked at the same! Since my server was still mia, we grabbed another server to get her for us. He said he would send the manager. The manager came and asked what the problem was.. We explained about the bacon, and the order. He says he can remake the bacon, but nothing could be done about the shrimp and grits. We still order another entree. The bacon comes, and is even worse than the first order! I didn't even send it back. We were basically ignored for the rest of the visit. I don't usually write reviews. But my experience here today was terrible. I will forever moving forward go to the other location. They know how to get the food correct, and the service is way better.This is one my favorite spots to go to for breakfast/brunch. I definitely recommend that Nutella French toast. The steak and eggs is also very good with the rosemary potatoes. The decor and the place is small and they only accept cash.THERE IS A GOD and his breakfast chef works here!  I had the creme brulee french toast, and when the waitress came to take my plate before I was done she almost lost a limb!  Need I say more.Third time here. Lines are always long so plan ahead or wait a painful 45 minutes like we did (no seating while we wait). The red velvet is amazing as always while the grit and shrimp is too salty for me.My first visit at Green Eggs Cafe ( South Philly location).  The Pecan French Toast was delicious. Everything we ate was good and menu prices are on point. I loved the atmosphere of the place and staff was friendly.  This location is a definite breakfast spot for me.Wonderful food, though my food was a bit cool but good none the less. My daughter had the kids red velvet pancakes and they were outstanding. I will definitely try it againLet me begin by stating the bad: There's always a wait, the place is small, it's cash only. That being said, I do not care about any of that because it's worth it. I have never had something here I didn't love! When I have people visit from out of town I bring them here because I am certain they'll have an incredible meal that they can't just get anywhere. I love the salmon benedict (those fried capers!!!) and the short rib benedict. Their short ribs are great, I love getting them over the grits. The mac & cheese is absolutely incredible. The specialty stuffed french toast options are always fantastic, they are decadent but worth the treat. The chicken cutlet sandwich is very good, their tomato soup is a great side. The short rib panini is delicious, as is the buffalo chicken mac & cheese. The specialty coffees are delightful as well as the lemonade. Long story short, you cannot go wrong when you come here.Wow! Can't say enough bout this place. Been popping into the northern liberties location for several years now. Food&service is always on point. I try to get something different every time i go but i gotta admit the kitchen sink entree has become quite addictive to me. If you havn't tried this place i suggest you do.We went to philly for 2 days and our air bnb host suggested us this place. He told us not to leave philly without trying green eggs cafe. I would recommend the same. This place is probably the best I have ever had brunch at. The wait here is undoubtedly worth. We waited about 45 minutes but boy it was definitely worth every minute. I loved the Oreo latte.Went for breakfast on Sunday with friends and we loved it! We got lucky to get there before the breakfast rush and got a table quick. Food didn't take long
I got an omelette with chicken sausage peppers and cheese, fruit and toast on the side. Because I have a sweet tooth, i asked about ordering 1 pancake; they couldn't do that but told me of the "kids" sized red velvet pancakes.  My friends got chicken and waffles; creme brûlée french toast and eggs Benedict.  I tool bites of everything and agree it all tasted good! 
If i lived in Phili id definitely go back all the time!
Ps CASH ONLY!!! Be preparedI've been to the 13th street location and honestly if you're going off of decor, space, service.... You'd pick 13th street. 
If you're comparing locations based on a wait time until being seated? This location better. 
But this is yelp and you're here to read about the food review and i'm here to tell you that BOTH LOCATIONS are on point! Had the short rib Benedict with an apple pie latte (uh yes you read that right.... APPLE FLIPPIN PIE). Green Eggs has yet to serve me less than satisfactory food. Between both locations i've been to this wonderful est. over 10 times and counting!!
Next on my list? Try the Passyunk location! =)I loved green eggs. I would recommend this place to my friends all the time. I thought their food was great, the service was pleasant and the atmosphere was amazing. Until, I went for brunch with my boyfriend. He ordered the buffalo chicken mac and cheese and i decided to venture away from my usual eggs benedict or french toast for the specialty caprese frittata. It was a beautiful presentation, but when i tried it, it was just not good. Nothing was wrong with the ingredients, I just didnt care for the dish. After attempting to get someones attention, I told our server that I didn't like the dish and if it would be possible to order another item. He asked me what I wanted and I ordered the veggie benedict. I thought it was strange that he did not remove the plate of frittata on the table when I had told him I didnt like it, but just thought it was a serving mistake. I flagged down someone else and asked them to take it since I was expecting another dish. The veggie benedict was great and I asked for the check. When the check arrived, I noticed the frittata was still on the bill. Since no one came around again, I flagged down someone who appeared to be the manager and informed him that I had sent back the frittata. He said he would be right back. When he came back, he informed me that because they had made the frittata I had to pay for it. I paused for a moment in shock, then proceeded to argue with the person. So I took one bite of this frittata, didn't like it, informed the server, ordered another item, and I'm expected to pay for both! I've never heard of any restaurant doing this. He proceeded to tell me that this is their policy, not everyone has the same taste, as long as the dish is prepared properly the guest is expected to pay for the item. Despite the absurdity of this policy, my next question to him was if this is such an odd policy, why was I not informed by the server when I told him I did not like the frittata and wanted to order something else, why didnt he tell me that I would have to pay for the frittata and the other dish I ordered. He repeated, it is our policy. I have never heard of any policy at any restaurant, and it's ridiculous that the server did not inform us of this ridiculous policy. Because of this lack of customer service and the policy to cheat the guest out of money, I will never be returning to Green Eggs. I have discovered this has happened to several other friends of mine, and Green Eggs is quickly loosing customers with this policy in place.Green Eggs is one of my favorite places to come for brunch in the city. I've come here multiple times and I've always enjoyed my meal. This location is ALWAYS busy. No matter the day of the week, I've never seen it dull. On the weekends, be prepared to wait at least 30 mins to be seated. This is the only reason I gave them 4 stars. It seems like the weekend hosts always have an attitude when you ask how long the wait will be. However, I've never had terrible wait service. 
Also, be aware that parking is slim to none. One time I came to pick up an order I called in on a Tuesday afternoon. I was in the restaurant for literally 3 mins and come out to a hefty parking ticket. 
Also, this is a cash only restaurant, which is kind of annoying for someone like me who rarely carries cash. 
My favorite meal is the creme brûlée French toast. The cheese grits are to die for. Before they changed the menu, the grits used to come with scrapple chips which were a great touch. 
Overall, this is a nice restaurant, especially for brunch.Really great breakfasts here. 5* for food and 3* for the service. 
Egg white scramble is the way to go for me, although my buddy had the chicken and waffles benedict and it looked pretty amazing.
Service was questionable, we got in...weren't greeted and one of the waitresses in the corner saw us to seat us. The food took quite a bit of time to come out. Not a lot of friendly vibes.
All in all, can't complain though, I recommend this place.OK so this place was AMAZING! we got the breakfast burrito with soy chorizo - it was great! The only thing I would have liked is a little more spice but I know that some people prefer milder dishes.  Also we got a side of jalepeno mac n cheese- yummy! (although the jalepeno wasn't really spicy either).  And lastly cookie dough french toast- OMG so great. Super flavorful and large portions! Would highly recommend this place!When I am craving for brunch on a peaceful Saturday or Sunday morning in Philly, one of the first places I think of is "Green Eggs". Their brunch menu has variety with delicious filling food. I recommend their Kitchen Sink, Chicken & Waffles, and definitely their Red Velvet pancakes. However when ordering the Red Velvet pancakes, I would strongly advise most to get it from their kid's menu unless you are one with a massive sweet tooth!Probably my new favorite place for Breakfast.   My daughter had the Cookie Dough French Toast and I had the Chicken and Waffles Benedict,  both of which were phenomenal!   Who knew a poached egg would make Chicken and Waffles even that much better!  The place was nice, clean and managed by a friendly staff.  Anytime I'm in Philly for breakfast,  Green Eggs will definitely be my first choice from now on!Apple pie French toast were crin-ack. Definitely will be back for more. Cash only, which is in the way sometimes. Cool vibes inside I like the set up.I finally went to Green Eggs for the first time after hearing great things about it. For me, it definitely did not live up to the hype.
First, you have to enter through a random, unmarked door. How hard is it to print out a piece of paper that says "Entrance"?! We had to walk up and down the block a few times before deciding to try this door... Doesn't really bode well for your restaurant to annoy your customers before they even sit down.
Anyway, once inside we both find that our utensils are dirty. Fortunately the ones we grabbed from the empty table next to us were clean, since our waiter was pretty inattentive. Most of the time he was nowhere to be found... and the place wasn't even busy! When I finally got the drink that I ordered, it was so boiling hot that I could hardly even taste it, and it didn't drop down to a temperature at which I could enjoy it until after I was finished eating. Meanwhile, my mom's coffee was just lukewarm. Also, after our meals arrived, our waiter disappeared again before we could ask for ketchup and butter; thankfully, another waiter overheard us talking about it amongst ourselves and brought them over for us. 
I left feeling pretty turned off by this place by the creepy entrance and dirty utensils (especially considering the rat incident - sorry, I had to say it), as well as the unfriendly message on the table explaining that items will not be taken off the bill if they are not to your liking (come on, where have you ever seen this before??). I did like the food, though, and I appreciated the number of vegetarian options. I am willing to give this place another try, but not at this location. Here's hoping the service is better in South Philly.We ordered red velvet pancakes, creme brûlée French toast, Mac and cheese, and Spanish fries. Too much two people, but very good!I've been wanting to come here for forever and finally made it. 
My party of 3 came around 11:30 this morning. There were a ton of people waiting outside and also outdoor seating. I considered eating outside but it's really loud and crowded. We were told 45 minutes and probably only waited about 20 minutes. Parking is crazy but what do you expect in this area. 
Make sure you wait around for your name to be called. They would read a name, repeat it again and then move into the next person on the list. I seriously saw them go through 5 names until finally a party was there. 
The inside is cute but noisy. We had a great waitress. I was bummed you can't order half portions of the French toast. We knew we had to order one after hearing all the raving reviews so we got the salted caramel banana stuffed French toast. It was incredible and huge. 2 of us split it and had plenty of leftovers. It's like a taste explosion in your mouth. The chantilly cream is incredible and the bread is so thick. This is the French toast of your dreams. I love how the inside is stuffed with loads of fresh bananas. However, I didn't like the banana chips on top. They were too hard to eat with the fluffy toast. 
I ordered the breakfast burrito and made it vegetarian by just having the eggs instead of the soy chorizo or actual chorizo. It was delicious and stuffed to the brim. The guacamole on top was really flavorful. I was very impressed.  
My friend got the chicken cutlet hoagie and raved about it. It's chicken cutlet, fresh heirloom tomatoes, Provolone cheese and garlic aioli on fresh bread with a massive pile of fries. 
Servings are huge! Go there to share dishes like we did. Like the other reviews, cash only with an atm inside and no splitting checks. 
The bathrooms definitely need some cleaning. The manager also came around to check on each table. 
This is a definite go to spot for brunch and lived up to the hype. Seriously the red velvet pancakes looked like a cake being served at the table next to us. Enough for 3 people! Can't wait to go back again!This place suffered a nightmarish setback when someone photographed the dining room of this place was infested with big ugly rats crawling over the chairs and tables.
The place was closed for several weeks, and they posted a sign saying it was due to a plumbing or sewer problem.
Anyway, that didn't deter me from trying it again on early September 2013. The place lacked atmosphere and was too loud. I was part of a party of six. The service was not bad and our server tried to be friendly. Getting extra napkins was a hassle.
The food was just mediocre. The salads were a bit expensive. The portions were a good size. Everyone agreed that in a neighborhood full of good restaurants we probably won't return to this so so place that once had a rat problem.Not sure why this place gets such rave reviews or always has such an extensive wait (constantly crowding the sidewalk). Service has always been fine (I've only been at "off-peak" weekday hours with no wait). Food is mediocre - at best. There are plenty of other places in the neighborhood to get a great brunch without the wait.This place sucks. The food is not that great and they kicked out all the people to wait in the rain for a table. Not worth it.They have two locations. The wait is too long for brunch and staffs attitude doesn't help. From the front sever all the way the to-go order desk are all filled with attitude. It was a turn off for visitors. I appreciated their French toast and vegan scrambled eggs. Cash only and be prepared to be treated all kind of nasty way for few hours.Very nice café! The red velvet pancakes is really for four people! The staff was friendly and the food was great! SO many great things on the menu it was hard to decide what to eat. I will be going back just to try the Crème Brulee French toast. A must go eatery.The portions are huge compared to other options downtown, totally worth the visit. Girlfriend Got the turkey club with Mac and cheese and I had the kitchen sink. Neither of us could finish our meals. Turkey sandwich had a ton of meat on it, the Mac and cheese was pretty awesome too, would of been better with some different cheese blend in it to change the texture up a bit. The kitchen sink was awesome, would be better with a few pieces of bacon on top.We came in on a holiday, July 4, around 11 and the wait was about 40 min. Once we were inside the food was bright it pretty quickly and was very good. I had the Belgian wake with cinnamon apple and a side of bacon. It was very filling for brunch.
The inside is set-up of the restaurant was fine, but it was super loud.This place at first glance looks like a decent little breakfast spot with lots of vegetarian options on the menu. I ordered the Eggs Benedict on Brioche, and my boyfriend ordered the vegan breakfast burrito. The food came out pretty quickly, however, everything was undercooked. I had a side of rosemary potatoes. Some of the potatoes were actually cooked through  , while others were hard as rocks. I also had a pit of some sort in my dish (which didn't make sense because there weren't any olives present). My boyfriends Burrito was smothered in refried black beans that were cold, and the vegan eggs tasted like cardboard. Overall, probably the worst brunch I've ever had. No signs that indicate that it's CASH only...so after the waitress lets you know that you can use their pricey ATM, you're finally free of this joint.Great food! Great Service! This really is good comfort food. I recommend it as part of a breakfast rotation, you will not be disappointed.Amazing i recommend the brisket Benedict and the velvet pancakes. The service is good is just i hated the waiting time it was about 45 min but it was worth it. Make sure to bring cash as well.I was visiting from out of town and found this cute little place for Sunday morning breakfast. Luckily I had cash because it is cash only.  The portions are giant and the prices are reasonable.  The vibe was great.  I ordered shrimp and grits eggs benedict...mmmmm my mouth is watering just remembering the meal.  I will definitely go back if I'm ever in Philly again.Oh my this place is the go to for brunch! We bring our friends from out of town here to start off our tour of Philadelphia! Crab cake omelet was an amazing special they took off the menu :( the bloody mary's are perfect! The service is fast and friendly and the food is tasty and super fresh, what more can you ask for?
PS: the place is cash only and weekend brunch times get long cuesMe and my boyfriend went here on Sunday early afternoon for brunch. The wait was expected (30mins) it was packed. The hostess however checked her phone about 6-9 times and when it was time to seat us didn't even remember our name ( we stood right in front of her the whole time.. Lol) Nonetheless, once we got seated services was great . Attentive waitress and coffee was delicious. They even had sugar cubes?! I haven't seen those in years ( pleasant and welcomed surprise)  I ordered the short rib Benedict... OMG soooo good and the cheesy grits as a side .. I loved it! My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles that was equally tasty. The only thing that I didn't like was his side of homefries. They were dry  and tastes like they were baked and sat .. Then microwaved to order. On a side note, we had a local celebrity sighting.. Most wouldn't have known who they were and eagles player and his lady friend a local news meteorologist.  By the time we finished our delectable meal the place emptied out. Totally would come back and recommend to others.Their Creme Brulee French Toast is so good that even my picky eater date wanted to kill it for me. 4 stars because the waiters could have been better.This place is a must-try! The cookie dough stuffed French toast and red velvet pancakes were both delicious and sweet - both too too overboard. The staff was nice. Only complaint is that they told us we would have to wait 15 minutes and that turned into 45 minutes. But the wait was worth the delicious food and fun drinks!Omg they made us threw away Starbucks coffee that we had just bought or else we will lose our spot to be seated.  Just bad service.I am usually not a fan of brunch but this place is the exception. Both the sweet and savory items taste incredible and you can taste the freshness of the ingredients. The portions are big and the price is reasonable. My favorite is the Tiramisu French toast - for $11 it could easily feed 2 very hungry people or in my case, 1 mid-sized girl with a super healthy appetite - the french toast also strikes the perfect balance between sweet and bitterness with the maple syrup and espresso beans...hmm I'm salivating as I type this! 
Bottom line - good bang for my buck, I leave incredibly full, good variety of sweet and savory, and dishes looks just as good as it tastes!Went there saturday morning and had the french toast which was good but they really messed up my review today. We decided to go back on Tuesday and I switch it up by ordering the shrimp grits and he ordered an omelet. Had to wait 10mms even though it wasn't packed ( went at 9:30am) then had to wait for coffee another 7mns , anyways when my food got served I noticed 2 of the gulf shrimps weren't cooked !! Immediately got grossed out. One server noticed I was waiting to speak to someone and got I'm assuming the manager who took my food back and requested another one . No apology, no discount on bill ( I wasn't able to finish my food , was too grossed out) .The reason for the low rating is simply this: the service sucks. Although my boyfriend and I would consider ourselves pretty patient people especially when it come to the food service industry  (he was a bartender for years so he gets it), the waiters there are totaly overwhelmed. The wait staff primarily relies on a small paper notebook to put down names and scratch off ones their seated. Needless to say, when there's one tiny list and 3 people attempting to sit guests, people will get inadvertently crossed out or forgotten about. We realized this once we waited outside the restaurant for about 20 minutes only to see groups of people continuously being seated while only having waited 2-5 mintues. After a while, that became annoying and my boyfriends finally spoke up, at which point they realized they had scratched our names off   once we were seated we noticed why the wait staff may have been overwhelmed: it was noisy, way overcrowded, and the tables in a chaotic order. The waitress took our drink orders and my boyfriend asked for coffee. After 15 with no coffee in sight he flagged her back and asked her about his coffee. She then, said that her expresso machine had been out of order that week (would have been nice to have been informed of this from the start) and took down our orders. I ordered the eggs benedict and he got the chicken and waffles. The food was ok. Nothing steller but definitely not worth all of the hype. Sorry Green Eggs but we don't think we will be coming back.Nothing special and the wait is always soo long to get in here. Better options in Philly and well worth the money spent elsewhere...Good ambiance and creative options for a breakfast diner.  The quality of the food was good but not amazing.Obsessed with food at this place! Lots to choose from and good coffee. The only let down is that the customer service tends to be a bit hit and miss, particularly when they're busy. The 'cash only' policy is also somewhat frustrating, but if you can overlook these points, it's definitely to be tried.Everything is excellent. Definitely try the short rib Benedict, red velvet pancakes, and iced lattes. Looking forward to many more trips back.Oh my lordy. My friends had been raving about this place for weeks from their last trip to Philly. When we finally made another trip, the first thing we did was go to Green Eggs. My friends cannot tell a lie - it was AMAZING. I had the shrimp/eggs benedict with the grit cakes - holey moley. So flavorful and a great portion size. I wish they had more drink options for around brunch time but the food more than makes up for it. Great service too!First the good things. I LOVED the shrimp and grits egg Benedict. YUM! I liked the potatoes with onions and peppers.  Our waitress really knew the menu. That's All! 
The bad things. 
1.  The seating encourages shared seating. OK not necessarily a bad thing BUT turn down the music so you can hear yourself and others conversation. This happened to me . I asked to be moved to a different seat and the gave me a song and dance about how its not their policy to change seating. I said, I could not hear. Then the waitress said she will get the manager. He gave me the practiced song and dance again. I said again that I understand your policy BUT I cannot hear my companion. I asked to sit at the other seats that sat 4 people. The manager said that those tables were for parties of 3 or more BUT there were 2 tables with 2 people sitting there. His excuse was that they came in early. We came in early too. Right behind those folks and the hostess said we could sit anywhere because it was early. OK so ENOUGH of the song and dance. So I am supposed to eat here and NOT talk to my breakfast companion? I CAN'T HEAR HIM! The manager reluctantly moved us. DAMN! This was our first visit. We didn't know about the shared seating. 
2.  The vegan tofu scramble was so oily. Dripping. I don't know if it was the Rosemary potatoes or the scramble itself. The bread was toasted with no spread on it. Earth Balance would have been a nice addition. Maybe they wanted us to sop up the oil in the plate with the bread. The vegan sausage was deep fried and mushy in the middle.
3.  THE COFFEE WAS BITTER LIKE THE COFFEE MAKER NEEDED CLEANING.
4.  The hostess was not at her post. We didn't know if we should sit ourselves or wait. The menus are right at the door. She seemed sleepy. After we sat down, the hostess had a cup of coffee. The Manager was on his knees cleaning the wall and wiping things down. Hmmm?
Will I go again? Maybe but I am in no rush. I'll go to Honeys Sit n Eat first and wait in line before I go and get bad service at Green Eggs.I rarely rank on service - because it is rarely systemically bad. But this place just screams poor management. Even in the winter you have to wait outside for your table. And after waiting 15-20 minutes it irks me to walk in to find many empty tables. This has happened more than once. Fool me once...but fool me twice...so it goes. 
The food is good - a solid 4. They have solid and creative breakfast food. Short rib and other savory items line the menu. That's why I split the loss and gave this place a 3. 
Oh, and it's cash only, FYI.One of my favorite places in Philadelphia! I always customized the eggs Benedict in the way that I like it. Great service, great food. And if you don't have cash on you they have ATM there.Creme brûlée French toast!!!! Everything here was incredible. Worth every calorie. Can't wait to go back.Came here for my birthday merely for the Creme brûlée French toast. And it did not disappoint! It was very sugary, but that's to be expected. I would recommend having your partner get a proton based meal like eggs to pick off of! Food came out so fast which was a plus!Every time I go by Green Eggs there is a line with a wait over two hours.  I finally made it in for lunch on a weekday when there was less of a wait. The menu has breakfast and lunch items.  There are a lot of creative entrees that you can't get just anywhere and they all look and sound delicious.  I chose to get the chocolate chip cookie dough french toast, which was amazing (and huge).  One tip to know before you go is that the restaurant is CASH ONLY.Very good.   Got the chicken waffle Benedict, was very good.  The other plate was just eggs, turkey bacon, multigrain toast potatoes which could have been crispy and a side of fruit.  The fruit was beautiful, fresh and tasty. Huge portions.Reminded me of the incredibly quirky 7 Bites back in Orlando, FL.
Unique breakfast/brunch place with modern look and inventive offerings.
Cash only, but they do have an ATM inside the establishment.
Warning, it gets quite busy mighty quick, so the earlier you get to opening time, the better.
We had:
Kitchen Sink - potatoes, peppers and onions, eggs, sausage, gruyere cheese, a big biscuit in the middle and all covered in amazing gravy.  Yeah, it is a big plate, but it is absolutely delicious.
French Toast -  Big and tasty.  All dishes are big here, even the kid menu ones, so don't order side-dishes or anything like that.
Pancakes - Our friend didn't like them much, since they were more cakey than pancakey, so they are good if you pour copious syrup on them, but not that great by themselves.
Salted Caramel Mocha Iced Coffee - Very good!
Bonbon espresso - espresso coffee sweetened with condensed milk, so yeah, sweet espresso indeed.
Overall, wonderful experience.  Brought me very good memories from one of our favorite places in Orlando.  Would love to revisit if I find myself in Philadelphia again.Make sure you get there early. My boyfriend and I got seated for "brunch" (but it was early enough to just be breakfast) and there were about seven other open tables. Out of nowhere, the tables were full and there was a line outside. 
The staff is friendly and all work together to get you whatever you need. My boyfriend got the Kitchen Sink and it was so much food--the leftovers taste just as great as when it was initially served. I got the Chicken and Waffles Benedict, which was amazing. The Bananas Foster Latte was great, as well. 
Definitely recommend this spot and would love to go back for more!I've eaten here a few times. And before today, I would've probably given it a 3.5. The food is pretty good, the service is okay and I like that they use fresh ingredients.
Today was a damn nightmare in the service department. 
We decided to come here for lunch because we were in a hurry and thought Honey's or Soy would take too long. 
We ordered quickly (a special and a salad) and I asked for the dressing for my salad on the side. 
We waited. FOREVER.
People came in after us, ordered and got there food WAAAAAAYYYY before we did.
We were about to leave when our food finally came out. 
And my salad...was covered...in dressing.
At first I was so hungry that I just started eating so when she came by to ask how everything is I just said "Fine." But then I thought, "You know what? No. I shouldn't have to eat something that's not the way I ordered it because you made a mistake."**
So I called her over and asked if she could just take it off of our check because we had to go. 
She took it away and then bitched to her coworkers about it IN MY LINE OF SIGHT!
Are you serious?
So when she brings over the check she tells me "Normally we don't take things off of checks. Next time tell your server and we will fix it right away."
To which I replied, "Well, our food took forever and now I don't have time for you to fix it."
And she said (as rude as ever) "Well we would've made it a priority. Just know for next time, because we NEVER take things off of checks."
Next time? No, there will be no next time.
Sorry to rant but as someone who works in the food service industry this type of behavior is unacceptable.
I will never, ever eat here again.
**I know she didn't make the salad, but she put it in and when she brought it out she should've noticed it wasn't right. The place wasn't that busy. So even if it was the cooks fault, it's her responsibility as front of house. That's simply my opinion.4 is an accurate rating. Place is good, which some unique options you'll be able to find something that catches your eye. They always have some sort of crazy-stuffed French toast on special, I stick to the kitchen sink. Wait is long if you don't go at an off time, pricier than most brunch places. A must-try for brunch lovers.Was in Philly last week for a conference.  Went to Green Eggs on Monday morning because the Yelp reviews were so good, wish I could've had a good experience.  
Arrived around 10 AM on a Monday morning, restaurant was less than half full.  We were seat immediately upon walking in (that's a plus) but then it took over 10 minutes before the waitress even came to our table to greet us and offer us drinks.  We immediately ordered because we had already had plenty of time to look over the menu.  After waiting another 45+ minutes, with the conversation being driven by why would a few scramblers and a burrito take this long to make, our food finally came.  We immediately asked for the check in fear that we wouldn't have anyone come to our table again.  The food was extremely mediocre, the plate that the burrito came on was scolding hot and the avocado on the top of it was browned (both very good signs that it sat under a heating lamp for much longer than it should).  The scramblers were dominated by the biscuits that were mixed in and lacked meat and veggies. 
All in all it was a very disappointing experience.
As other people said it's cash only, but that didn't bother me as I was expecting it when I picked the place.First time I went I had the waitress Chelsea she was a bit rude, not welcoming or friendly at all, I decide I wanted to give it a second try maybe she was just having a bad day so second time I went I had a waiter didn't catch his name, who was very sarcastic when my husband was asking him questions and placing his order, then I had hair in my meal, noticed it as I was eating, I will never ever go again because the staff sucks an customer service is everything !I'd like to start out by saying that I had the best Bloody Mary I've ever had in my life here! I took my son to Green Eggs for breakfast this morning. I haven't been so impressed by a restaurant in a very long time. We were there about the time they opened. I'd read that there is usually a wait. It opened at 8 and there were only a few other patrons, but by 8:30, I noticed that it had filled up pretty quickly. The menu is really interesting. My son had the red velvet pancakes with fresh whipped cream. Not only did they look amazing, they were super tasty! I had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict with fried capers. I chose the rosemary potatoes. It was delicious!  The service was friendly and timely. It's cash only, but there is an ATM inside the restaurant. It's right off the 13th and Locust stop on the train.  Can't wait to go back! Did I mention the Bloody Mary?The red Velvet pancakes are very rich but worth it!  Although this dish could easily be split by 2-3 normal size humans as its more like a cake than a plate of pancakes!  
Cash only and not the cheapest place to eat - my pancakes and an OJ was about $25 with tip.  Again, split the red Velvet pancakes 3 ways and you're set!Was a little wary to come here after hearing bad things about the wait. I went around 1 on a Saturday and was able to get a table for 2 outside within 15 minutes. I ordered the red velvet pancakes, which were absolutely delicious (and I had enough left overs to eat them for breakfast for the next 2 days). My boyfriend got vegetable eggs benedict, which was also good, but the red velvet pancakes were definitely the star. Would definitely come here again!This is a busy little restaurant with some incredible food. My friend and I stopped in for brunch earlier and despite the crowd, we didn't have to wait for a table. I ordered the Chicken & Waffle Benedict. My friend ordered the Porchetta Benedict. Mine was nothing short of heaven in my mouth, and I was impressed at how well the porketta seasonings worked with the Benedict. I am not a fan of porketta but I would order this myself. It isn't a big menu, but this works since it is a Breakfast/Brunch/Lunch only place. This is definitely a place to check out any day of the week.Oh my Goodness!  Perhaps the most incredible breakfast I've had!  The Chocolate Cookie Dough French Toast is awesome!  If you are with a few people, get two.  Because once they see it, they will take many bites and that means that you will miss out on pure awesomeness!I like to compare Green Eggs Cafe to Sabrina's Cafe, both in terms of quantity and quality. Both places don't break the bank and you get some pretty darn good food. I know the french toast is always recommended but I went with the Kitchen Sink and by god is was delicious. 
Pro-tip: 
-Go early (~8 am) to beat the crowd/ line. I live 2 blocks away and know that line can be pretty daunting when going. 
-Cash only (atm inside), just something to keep in mind.I've been here multiple times and it never seems to disappoint. The wait is always terrible, but it's become part of the brunch ritual. The food is always excellent, my personal favorite is the Creme Brûlée French Toast. My boyfriend loves the Smoked Lox Benedict. The only problem we've ever had is the mimosas are made with vile champagne, I wouldn't recommend them but it's the only hiccup in the multiple good experiences I've had there.Please keep in mind, I'm only giving Green Eggs four stars because of the long wait. 
Other than that, the food was fantastic! The french toast was to die for. Perfect for a brunch on cheat day and it'll get you prepared for a nice afternoon slumber. The drinks were great also! What better than a peach Bellini and French toast? The turkey bacon was thick and juicy unlike most places. It's a must try if you're ever visiting Philly or even if you're a local.FYI: They are CASH ONLY! They do have an ATM located inside but come prepared to keep things moving!
WHAT I GOT: For-the-table Breakfast Sandwich (one of their specials for the day)
PROS: I LOVE this place. I cannot stress this fact enough. I've came here several times before while I was in college but this was the first time I've been back since I graduated and moved up to young adulthood. The food always tastes amazing no matter what you order and things are always cooked to perfection. My husband got the Lox Benedict and the yolk of that egg was just spilling out in goldeny goodness. The breakfast potatoes with peppers and onions were also delicious just on their own. Usually I put some ketchup on mine but these didn't need it. My breakfast sandwich, first of all, was huge. But since this was brunch and I was eating for 2 meals, I ate the whole thing. The components inside all individually tasted great, but the star of the sandwich definitely had to be the sauce. It was creamy yet tangy and gave the sandwich the extra kick it needed. Everything in the sandwich balanced each other out in the best ways. Absolutely in love. 
CONS: Well, the fact that they're cash only presents a bit of a hassle since you gotta go prepared. And they're also SUPER popular, especially on the weekends, so be ready to wait. We got there literally an hour after they opened and it was already a 25 minute wait for our party of 3. If you don't wanna stand outside for an hour or more, either decrease your party size or come bright and early.Got multiple breakfast dishes and everything exceeded expectations, also received excellent service. Cannot wait to go back for brunch next Sunday.This is a MUST have when visiting Philly! I got the Chicken & Waffles Benedict and all I can say is OMG! Great atmosphere and staff as well!Amazing breakfast in Philadelphia. My hubby had an awesome bloody mary there. Our breakfast was top notch.This place's food is overrated, its service is very average, and it is almost always too crowded. It does have a really big menu, and it'll take reservations for parties of 7+, so the only 2 times I really come here are (1) when I need to make a reservation for my entire family and my young cousins refuse to eat anything but the most chocolately, decadent pancakes on the planet, and; (2) when I have a random weekday off and an acquaintance whose food tastes I don't know are grabbing lunch, because I know they'll be able to find something on the menu. If you come for a weekend brunch, prepared to wait at least an hour. Instead, walk down 13th street into literally any other restaurant and find something else to eat.This is my absolute favorite brunch spot in Philly. I've had the French toast, kitchen sink, lox platter, and buffalo Mac and cheese. Everything is amazing and you can't do wrong with anything. Beware that the wait is usually 1 hr sometimes more, but we usually do some shopping on walnut st and come back. The food comes out quick so it's worth the wait!I got up with a good friend again, the only one who's evolved enough to think brunch is cool and breakfast is cooler. We were back in the mix at Green Eggs Cafe, but this time it was to say goodbye to my Brother in Brunch, Brother in Breakfast, a good brother period... he moved away.
I learned my lesson from the red velvet pancakes last time about how to get them next time. Instead I went with apple pie french toast... 
EAUX SNAPS!
They were fockin' rockin' and it's rare that I say that. I made one small change to the order that really set off the whole thing. I'm not much a fan of caramel so I asked that it be swapped with vanilla anglaise. I was told that they could not. I demanded satisfaction! And for an additional fee of $1.50 or so... I was told that satisfaction could indeed be mine... so we reached an understanding. 
I didn't even order anything to go with it... just plain coffee and it was easily one of the best meals I've had. The anglaise was like putting ice cream on it, waiting for it to melt and letting it reach room temperature... all the while sidestepping the sogginess. And check it out, it came with a scoop of whipped butter in the style of ice cream. 
I don't know about green eggs, but as far as I'm concerned this is the Apple Pie French Toast Café.My boyfriends Birthday breakfast was good and thats all that matters to me, but coming from New York it was a bit pricey to pay $42 for breakfast without tip. ( and thats saying alot) My boyfriend really liked his food and to me that makes it worth it, but we both agreed our "ORDER TAKER" was somewhat useless/frazzled and a bit rude. We also saw a waitress sneeze in her hands repeatedly and than handle food right after without washing her hands. That immediately turned me off. Im speaking on my food alone because i obviously did not try his food. I got scrambled eggs with cheese, they legit slapped a piece of a cheese square on top, not mixed and barley melted. The signature potatoes were the "star" of the dish, and the side of potato latkes i got i honestly wouldn't feed to my pets.They were grey and flavorless with a hint of flower. We were at a tiny table so the 120th time the order taker walked by (never once checked on us, legit took our order and walked away, someone else brought our drinks,food, etc) i asked her if she could take the latkes off the table, we didn't have enough room on the table as it was and i did not want to look at them nor did i want my elbows in them. I just asked if she could take them away because they were flavorless and we needed more space. Her exact response was "WELL WE CANT TAKE THEM OFF THE BILL IF THATS WHAT YOU MEAN" whoa. Now ive been a waitress almost 10 years and actually just became a manager because of it and thats the first thing you say when someone says that? 1. i didnt ask you to but if your gonna serve flavorless grey food, well you should expect to take it off the bill or better yet TAKE IT OFF YOUR MENU. and 2. if thats the way you do business dont expect to have "regulars". She said she would go see in the manager would make an exception and came back .5 seconds later and said no they would not. Once again i didnt ask them to take it off thats not why i mentioned it and , there is no way she spoke to a manager that fast sorry! This place was a legit joke and im sure it wont be here the next time in town. I cant believe how rude this girl was, and i know everyone there isnt that rude because the hostess was the sweetest thing ever. In the end i got the last laugh when i told all my server friends and family so I hope your $2 takes you alot further than my mouth.I've heard so much talk about Green Eggs Cafe in Baltimore that I just had to visit it on my way to the Poconos. The menu is full of creative and overwhelmingly tasty options that it was hard to choose what we wanted to order. I got the chicken and waffles benedict with potatoes and my boyfriend got the short rib benedict with cheese grits. Both were very good and cooked to perfection! If I had any compliments I would skip the potatoes next time and go for the cheese grits and nix the ice coffee (my tummy was not happy about that drink). Overall, everything was great from the food to the service to even the local people sitting next to us who struck up a casual conversation (friendly people are hard to come by nowadays). Whenever we are in Philly again we know were we are coming for breakfast!Eaten here twice and love everything I've had. The food is so rich, presentation is great, and there is the right amount of variety. It's kind of the epitome of brunch. The place is really cute and service is good. Only downside is cash only, but nothing a teenie bit of planning won't solve. Highly recommend Green Eggs Cafe.This place is everything! We ordered the Kitchen Sink and Chicken and Waffles Benedict at the recommendation of our server and she was spot on. Both were fabulous and the portion sizes generous. We're glad we came and we'll definitely be back.Had the salmon eggs Benedict with side of fruit.  Good value at $16.  Service was good.  Salmon was spread with a cream cheese and chive filling then rolled.  For me it was a bit heavy on the cream cheese.  Nice presentation.  Cash only here, so harder on a business traveler with expense account.  Enjoyed the experience and do recommend it.I dined here for breakfast today and all I can say is delicious!! Scrumptious!!! Flavorful! I had the braised short rib eggs Benedict with potatoes!!!! Omg!!! The meat was tender too! Good size portion. Service was good. The food came fast. Since it is this good, you know there will be a wait. 30 min plus. Parking in the lot across the stree is damn $12/hr!!!! Why? I think they charge a little more because of the cafe traffic. The parking fee is down right highway robbery!!! Ok back to the cafe; I can't wait to go back!!! Enjoy!I absolutely love this place. It's my favorite brunch spot in Philly. Fun fact, in the movie Creed with Michael B. Jordan, you can see a cameo of the restaurant when the camera points out to him from the bottom of Rocky's restaurant!
I always order the creme brulee french toast which is sooooo delicious. I'm always so disappointed when I order this dish from other places and it never quite hits the mark. The sides are always delicious. Things like bacon and eggs should be kind of hard to mess up, but I find myself being disappointed more often than not. But that's not the case here. Everything is always done to my liking.
I also love that you can bring your own champagne and get a carafe of orange juice to make mimosas. This is definitely the place to be for brunch in Philly. Check it out if you have a chance!My husband and I have been to Green Eggs a few times over the past couple of years. The food if just ok, however, we decided to give it another try today. Due to street cleaning signs , there was nowhere to park. My husband dropped me off at Green Eggs while he went to park the car a few blocks away. I went into the restaurant and was told that they would not seat me because the "other party" had not arrived.  I could understand this if the restaurant was full, but is was early and half empty. To add further insult, I was then told that I had to wait outside as that is the "waiting area" despite the fact that it was cold out and there was plenty of room inside the restaurant for me to wait. The staff at this restaurant made me feel humiliated as I was forced to wait outside in the cold in front of their half empty establishment. Needless to say, when my husband arrived a few minutes later, we left and went to another place to have breakfast. I will never patronize this establishment ever again after he way I was treated. They really have a lot of audacity to treat their customers with such disrespect. There are plenty of other (much better) places in the city to have breakfast. I am not going to wait out in the cold for the opportunity to pay for overpriced breakfast that is average at best.Great dessert and the steak and eggs were awesome!! Wonderful atmosphere too. They are cash only but very convenient for having an atm just in case you need cash.A really cute brunch spot that was great for bringing kids. I was given a recommendation to come here as I was in town for a few days. Cash only and no reservations. We arrived on Monday (President's day) at about 9:30am and greeted with a lot of ppl waiting for a table, scattered on the sidewalk. Wait was 30 minutes and not too bad. Portions were huge and kids loved their french toast sticks and pancakes. I ordered the eggs benedict and it was really good (the hollandaise sauce was amazing). The service was mostly ok but our waitress was not attentive. Would def recommend to anyone if they are in Philly looking for a good place for brunch.I LOVE green eggs!  The menu is so original and they always have daily specials!  I have never had a bad experience here.  The servers do a great job of getting there tables turned, so the wait is not too long.  But man it is worth the wait. I always have a hard time picking between the sweet or savory options!Best brunch in town. Recommend trying this weeks special, Kings French Toast and Moroccan Lamb Hash!Found my new favorite breakfast spot in Philly. It took me a long time to figure out what I wanted to order, because all the pics on yelp look incredible. I ended up with the chicken and I waffles. Delicious. I can't wait to go back and try more things.Let's just say that green eggs cafe has exceed every expectation. Eggs Benedict, amazing; breakfast burrito? Yes please. And to Finnish it off, creme brûlée French toast. Throw in the fantastic service and atmosphere and you've got yourself the perfect breakfast destination.This place is incredible! 
My only complaint as far as service goes is their cash only rule. I'm not sure why a restaurant (with four locations, no less!) can't make the accommodations necessary to take cards in 2015. This minor annoyance is a small price to pay for the exceptional quality of their food. Also, I haven't experienced this firsthand, but a friend of mine who frequents this cafe mentioned that the wait for a table can be hours long if you don't make a reservation in advance. Otherwise, we had an attentive, friendly server who handled our party of 8 with ease and grace.   
I ordered the cheeseburger benedict off of the specials menu, which, if I recall correctly, was $15. The dish is made up of toasted brioche bread topped with sliced Roma tomato, hamburger patties, caramelized onions, maple bacon, poached eggs, and Hollandaise sauce. This strange Frankenstein of a breakfast was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Each component was perfectly cooked, and no one flavor overpowered anything else. Every benedict comes with your choice of a side (you can choose either a breakfast or lunch side), and I picked french fries. Lovers of uber-crispy fries won't enjoy these, but I thought they were delicious. 
On the day I ate there, I was in the mood for something savory, but the sweet options on their breakfast menu (Creamsicle french toast?!?) also looked great; I'll definitely be returning here to explore the rest of their menu.I'd really give thia place 3.75 srars...lol.  It's not a 4 star bc I think it's a bit overrated.  I came here for breakfast on Sunday morning. The sidewalk was flooded with people waiting for their names to be called.....perhaps they should invest in some "you'll get a text when your table is ready" technology bc crowding the sidewalk (as well as crowding the diners sitting outside) while the hostess yells out out names every 2 seconds....is not the best experience.  
THE FOOD: It came out super fast. 2 pints for that.  The recommended lemonade...was terrible.  It tasted like Lemon juice eith a dash of water. I ordered the chicken and waffles eith turkey bacon.  It was decent....nothing to rave about.  The chicken was well cooked, but underseasoned.  The waffle was just a half of a waffle...nothing special.  The turkey bacon looked so gross...i couldn't touch it. It was like a 1/2 inch thick. Not for me...but if u like it that way...go for it! 
THE SERVICE: Fantastic. Friendly Attentive Speedy waiters.  It almost felt like a bit of factory...but it's fine. 
PRICES: My entire meal was $23.  A little pricey but I've seen worse.  Cash Only....womp. 
Overall...i think this restaurant is more trendy than it is good.  I'm not inspired to go back. 
Sorry guys.Brunch on Sunday:
after ~45min wait time, 
Lox Eggs Benedict on toast w/tomato soup - scrumptious! BUT I wished there was more bread because there was a LOT of lox and one of the eggs was cooked a little too much
Creme Brulee french toast - very sweet and delicious as well with strawberries and blueberries.
cash only (ATM only charges 99c), long wait time, but decent prices and delicious food!Great food, long wait but worth it. Cash only, but ATM is in the room. French toast add-ons are super sweet - I love brunch and breakfast but it was too sweet for breakfast.This is hands down the best breakfast place Ive ever been to. The Lox Benedict is the best platter I've ever had with rosemary potatoes. Sooooo amazingThis place is incredible. Expect to wait for breakfast for a good 30 minutes but so worth it. 
I don't think there is a bad thing on the menu. Their food is cooked to perfection. 
The staff is very friendly and helpful. Quick service despite being busy and great atmosphere. Highly recommend!!5 stars for food, 2 stars for service - the hostesses were rude and unwelcoming, the waiting time was unreasonably long (there were 6 open tables, meanwhile we waited 50 minutes -definitely mismanaged), there was no air conditioning or waiting area. 
Luckily, the food is terrific and arrives fairly quick once you sit down, plus the waitstaff is pleasant (nothing like the hostesses).  We had Benedicts - one crab cake, one chicken and waffle. The potatoes are terrific and everything was perfectly prepared with great ingredients in generous portions.
Go an hour before you're hungry, ignore the nasty hostesses and plan on waiting outside. If you're ok with that, the food's terrific!Went here for brunch when my sister was visiting. and its definitely a meal we won't forget. Service was great and attentive. I liked the atmosphere not as loud and crowded as Sabrinas. The Food was greaat. 
We ordered 1) the Veggie Eggs Benedict. Amazing. Its the eggs benedict with portabella mushrooms, spinach and roasted reds. My sister does not like mushrooms and she'd have this dish again. 2) Belgian Waffle with Strawberries and Whipped cream- it was well done, tasted great, no complaints.
The people sitting at the table next to us had ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes, and they looked delicious. Will def have to try those on the next visit. 
Overall, a new fave for brunch- will definitely be going back and if you havent gone- dont wait any longer!Great French toast varieties. Be warned they are HUGE. We will split one next time. Got the salted caramel banana stuffed French toast and the pecan pie French toast. Both were great! Cheese grits were also tasty.went here after yelping for good brunch places in philly. when we got there, it was already an auspicious start, since we got a parking spot right in front of the restaurant as someone was pulling out. at first we were a lil daunted cuz there was a mass of ppl outside, implying that there was a wait at like 10:30am. we were initially gonna sit outdoors to avoid a wait, but decided to put our names down for a table indoors, since we didn't want our food to get cold.
we promptly got seated in like 15 min even though they said 25 min wait. we were immediately struck by how open and airy the space inside was, there were def lotsa tables. i already knew i wanted the nutella latte b/c someone in line outside w/ me ordered it to-go. it was topped by whipped cream and drizzled chocolate. it wasn't that nutella-y when we ate it via a spoon, but when i drank it from the cup, it was more nutella-y. a subtle, chocolately hazelnutty flavor.
for entrees, we both wanted something savory. it was easy for me to pick the bacon shrimp & grits, cuz i'm a fan of that and wanted to compare it to the shrimp & grits that i frequently get in baltimore. bf was deciding between kitchen sink and short rib benedict, and after some not-so-subtle nudging on my end, he got the short rib. w/ rosemary home fries. the shrimp and grits came in a large skillet with over easy eggs on top. there were only like 5-6 medium shrimp. overall, it was a-okay. the grits coulda been cheesier, and the blend of flavors didn't work so hot (no sauce tying together all the elements, some random onions/tomatoes beneath the eggs). there was also a lack of bacon bits.
the short rib benedict---the short rib was flavorful but i was expecting it to be more tender/fall of your fork kinda tender. the home fries were also on the undercooked side, with no crispy element essential for good quality home fries. all in all, these were both very heavy entrees and we regretted not splitting one. 
the service was great. we got a bloody mary but changed our minds and decided not to get it, and they were nice about canceling the order.Green eggs cafe is a fun, delicious place to grab brunch in Philly. You are, however, paying a few extra bucks for atmosphere as I think the food is slightly overpriced. That's also coming from my twenty-something, nonprofit employed self- so take that into consideration. The last time I was there I got the Crème Brulee French Toast ($12) and if you like sweet breakfast items- do yourself a favor and order this plate full of heaven. I saw a table nearby order this and a savory option as well and split them, which might have been a smarter choice and helped me avoid a sugar high, but c'est la vie. It was worth it. 
If you are planning to brunch here on the weekend either 1) get here early or 2) bring a book and be prepared to wait in line. For more than two people it can often be more than an hour wait. But the food is great once you get in, so it's worth the wait.If you love eggs Benedict, this is the place for you. My wife and I split the short rib benedict and loved it. Kids had the chicken strips (very crunchy breading - would be great on a salad) and the silver dollar pancakes (not sure what country has silver dollars that big!) and both loved them. Coffee seemed a little high priced ($3) but that is my only complaint. Service was good but the place got real busy after we arrived so the server was around less and less. 
The pancakes and French toast sound great but seem more like a dessert than a breakfast. Maybe some afternoon.I'm from New York and this is one of the best brunch places I've been to in a very long time. The food was amazing everything was one point. The service was amazing ! Our server helped us pick a couple of items out. The drinks are strong but GREAT!! I can't wait to go back to this place again.A friend and I were in Philly for a three day trip and came across Green Egg's Café online when deciding where to eat for breakfast. At first, it seemed like a regular mainstream restaurant that focused mainly on aesthetics in order to cater to the enormous amounts of tourists in the area, but it was much more than that.
We got to the café around 10:00-10:30 and it was already packed inside with a line of customers waiting to be seated. We waited because we wanted to see what all the rave was about and I'm so glad that we did. 
The quality of the food being served along with the portions resonate very well with the prices. They don't hold back on the flavors and they definitely don't hesitate to give enormous amounts of food that are both pleasing to the eyes and tongue. The only con I have would be the long wait, so make sure to get there early! This will definitely be on my go to list every time I'm in Philly.Really fresh and vibrant breakfast spot in the heart of Philly. Wait staff is really courteous and the food is definitely fresh and well prepared. They have nice breakfast options and decent portions. If your in Philly its definitely worth a stop by.CASH ONLY! I start with that, because I didn't expect that from a sit down, but apparently that's the case in many places around Philly. Good thing they have an atm with only a small .99 fee.
On top of that, good vegan food options and quick service! I had the Tofu Scramble, it was great. They give Fairly BIG portions! You can definitely get away with splitting one entree with two people.
I didn't get the pancakes, but the table next to me did... and they looked huge!
Great spot for some good vegan eats. I recommend it.Just visited for first time. From Ireland so love my food and drink. 9:15am. Promptly sat and had menu explained. Fantastic attentive service. Coffee regularly filled up, huge portions (which I couldn't finish) and the Bloody Marys were very good but again, couldn't finish. 
Thanks everyone and will be returning with a better appetite!!One of my favorite places in Philly ! Great prices for big portions of food ! CASH ONLY (there's an ATM inside that charges $1). Get the chicken and waffles or the steak and eggs. They always allow me to switch side dishes like French fries instead of potatoes. Love it !The service was terrible! Our first waiter completely ignored us after we asked for water and not an alcoholic beverage. We had to request a new server to get our order taken. Our second waitress was much nicer. However, there was an issue with my meal and the manager was not accommodating at all. I took one bite and it tasted burnt and like gas. I complained and wanted a different meal but there's a policy were you can't change meals. He was not helpful or accommodating at all. The rest of the table had pretty good meals however, I will never again dine at an establishment that isn't kind to their guest.MY FAVORITE BRUNCH SPOT IN PHILLY. it's cash only. with an atm inside the restaurant.
creme brulee french toast is the most delicious sweet breakfast food i've ever had. in my life.
the red velvet pancakes are way too sweet for a whole meal by itself but it's great for splitting with friends
my friend got the kitchen sink. he loved it but was disappointed that there wasn't any meat in it. he still loved it though
all the portions are huge! and they charge you 25 cents for a take-out box. better bring your appetiteFood was absolutely Bomb!!!! Hate the 45minute to hour wait but it's all worth it!!! I wish they could get bigger tables though or remove all that shit off the table when the food bout to come out; I need room for all that food they serve lol!Beautiful modern breakfast/lunch dining at reasonable prices but cash only. Of course they do have an ATM in house which helps:). Started with tall glass of pineapple juice and followed with coconut bombon(very yummy iced coffee). For breakfast I had the kitchen sink" which was huge and I could only barely eat half of it and I was stuffed! It had delicious pan sautéed potatoes, onions and peppers in the bottom of a cast iron skillet topped with 3 scrambled eggs topped with melted Gruyere and then finally topped with biscuits and sausage gravy!!!  Ahhhhhh!!! You could easily fill two to three people from just that one dish and it was amazingly delicious too!!!! Just not particularly low fat or low calorie but frankly I wasn't really looking for that. They had healthier choices too if you prefer. If your in the mood for sweet stuff there are several decadent sounding French toast dishes including creme brûlée French toast, peaches and cream French toast and tiramisu French toast. They even have red velvet pancakes. They also have meals catered to vegans and the waitress asked if we had any food allergies or intolerances. My hubby had a bowl of maple brown sugar oatmeal fruit salad and eggs with sausage as well as a plain bombon and the total between the two of us was $45.00 which I felt was more than fair considering the portions sizes and quality of the food and service. You could eat a lot cheaper here if you just drink water and share a dish and would still end up very satisfied with a belly full of yummy!!!! I keep thinking of other cool things about this place to post...they have a coffee drink and breakfast cocktail menu too - yumm!!!THIS RESTAURANT IS NO LONGER BYO AND THEY SERVE ALCOHOL. 
We came expecting to wait a long time so we put our name on the list and then walked around for a little bit. Overall the wait time to get a table was about 40 minutes and once we got to the table we had to wait another 20-25 min to be served and receive our food. 
With that being said, the overall experience wasn't worth the wait. The restaurant was extremely loud and the wait staff seemed like they couldn't care less. The restaurant was also filled with cranky hangry people who didn't create the most peaceful brunch vibe. The food was alright. We got the red velvet pancakes and the Cajun crab Mac and cheese. The red velvet pancakes were massive but almost disgustingly sweet. They were covered in syrup and cream cheese icing. The Mac and cheese was good but there was hardly any crab in it. Overall it was an okay brunch but I wouldn't return because of the long wait and atmosphere.Prime Rib Benedict & Lox Benedict. Canadian bacon is delicious. This cafe is so worth the hour wait!  Crime Brûlée French Toast looks better than it tastes but still deliciousFood - four stars
Vibe - five stars
Value for money - four stars
Service - five stars
Ambience - 3.5 stars
A delicious breakfast and lunch place with lots of good options, in a casual fun atmosphere with great service.
I had the tofu scramble with fresh fruit and toast. A perfectly acceptable cappuccino on the side.  My wife had two eggs over easy with fries. Service was exceptionally friendly and attentive. 
I would certainly go back here again. It's very casual and was what we were looking for on a Monday for brunch.Subpar breakfast brunch food for over priced prices. Its okay.There is not a bad selection on the menu. I have literally tried it all!! The french onion soup is absolutely delicious alongside the buffalo chicken mac and cheese!!!! There is usually a wait and i recommend sticking it out as you will not be disappointed!!Good and unique selection. Not your typical breakfast joint. I went i had the red velvet pancakes. I try not to eat sweets for breakfast but this was worth ignoring my rule.
The place gets packed but the line moves quickly.Hostess was horrible. Once you get past her the place is actually not so bad went here on a Sunday for brunch and it was pretty good I had the shrimp n grits. 
Not sure if I would go again but it was alright but the chic at the front door ruined it for meI was here a couple of weeks ago, super delicious food..definitely the spot for foodies! I got the cajun crab mac and cheese which had crabmeat, chives, panko and some cajun spices. I also got the buffalo chicken mac & cheese which had buffalo sauce, blue cheese and chicken breast. 
Saving the best for last, the creme brûlée French toast! This had our typical french toast topped with berries, maple syrup and cream.
Just a reminder, its cash only but there is an atm inside :)Just about one of the top 5 breakfast spots in Philadelphia. They have a total of 3 restaurants and service is quick and polite
Food is plentiful and delish!  
Cash onlySo yummy. Although there was a bit of a wait, it was well worth it. I forgot to take pictures before scarfing down my creme brulee French toast. Fresh fruit was perfect...no syrup necessary. A side of some delicious bacon put it over the top. My kids both had a side of cinnamon sweet potato fries and I couldn't resist helping myself to those too. The creme anglais sauce that came with the fries was extremely addictive. OJ was fresh. I ordered the rum8 mixed drink which I quickly sent back due to lack of sweetness. The lemonade was too tart for my southern sensibility as well.  No worries. I left with a happy tummy. Will definitely be back.Went here for brunch on a Saturday. My god, the short ribs Benny was the best thing I've had in a while. All the flavors worked very well together and it was super filling - I had a while another meal. The prices are very good also! I had a very enthusiastic server and she made my experience even better. She also made sure our waters were always full which is so so important to me! The restaurant itself has a lot of natural lighting, a very green layout, and just a very happy environment to be surrounded by. Good service, solid food, and a good experience overall is all I can ask forSO HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!!! We have a service dog and we have all the paperworks. We wait for 40 minuets and we finally have a table available for us but the manager said they can't service us and they don't give us any reason. And they said it's not because of dog. So bad experience and do go there!!!!!!Their shrimp & grits are amazing! The best I've ever had. So much flavor in both the shrimp & grits. Will be back for some more.
#Almost forgot it's a cash only place & for that, they lose a star.Let me start off by saying, that immediately walking into this restaurant, it smelled like dirty socks, dirty laundry and sewage. Honestly ruined my expectations and my experience here but let me continue to the good things.
This place is constantly busy even during the week because it is a famous brunch spot in Philly so come early and come hungry. The portions are HUGE, for any small appetites I definitely recommend sharing or you could order multiple entrees and have leftovers for dinner. The menu is vast and also offers vegan options which is super neat. Food takes a while to come out but all good things come to those who wait. Food presence is absolutely beautiful and perfectly looks like an image out of an ad. Super flavorful and caters to all kinds of preferences whether you have a sweet tooth, or you prefer the traditional breakfast food, or you're more of a savory kind of breakfast person. I recommend getting two opposites to spice up your palate. Only focusing on one often overpowers the meal and then your taste gets tired of the same thing over and over in each bite. Mixing both sweet and savory dish keeps it exciting and a more enjoyable meal, in my own personal opinion. 
Service was average only because the wait staff did not match up to how many people were getting served at the time we went, so it seemed like they were slightly understaffed which meant less attention for each table. I also noticed a table that was already seated way before us, but we still got our food long before they did so I felt pretty bad. 
Prices were alright, however the stench of the restaurant was what really hindered my opinion of the dining experience.Found this place on Yelp and we all were so happy we did!  All our food choices were delicious!  I got the short ribs benedict, hubby got the roasted pork benedict, my youngest got the cajun crab mac and cheese (he said it was his two favorite foods in one dish - crab and mac and cheese!), and my oldest went for the creme brulee french toast.  All of these are a must try!  If you can't try them all, go with one of the benedicts if you feel like a savory dish, or if you're in the mood for sweet, definitely get the creme brulee french toast.  Service was great, too! If we are ever in the area again, would definitely come back here!what can i say 5 star the food is great and the owner rick is always there to say hello
that i love because i have a store and its nice when you walk in and the owner is there.
the food is always fresh and new stuff always comes up  on the menu. mitchellOkay I have been to green eggs many times and the food has always been amazing but this time the service was outstanding Angelo I hope you read this you were hilarious and so engaging you definitely made this trip a memorable one and our server Nate you were awesome full of positive energy this will always be my green eggs I'm never going to another location always this oneI'm surprised there aren't way more 5 stars for this place!! I've been wanting to try Green Eggs for quite some time and thank GOD I finally had the chance! My boyfriend and I were taking an early stroll on a Thursday morning around the city and decided on breakfast here.  I don't get why other reviewers had issues with service because I had no complaints.  Hostess was quick to greet and seat us and the place was pretty packed around 10am.  I decided on the red velvet pancakes and my boyfriend chose the kitchen sink dish.  I'm sure you're wondering what consisted of the kitchen sink dish and trust me it was AMAZING!! First, my red velvet pancakes were buttery soft and the creme filling in between is decadent!! I also had a side of THICK maple, crispy bacon!! Yuumm!! Now, about my boyfriends food.....OMG!!! The kitchen sink comes out in a iron pan that has scrambled eggs mixed with potatoes, sausage, onions,  peppers(I think), oh and shall I not forget topped with two biscuits smothered with sausage gravy!!!! Need I say more??? I think I was eating more of his food than mine but you can't go wrong with both! I will def come back and try some lunch items from the menu and I can't wait!!!I ate a cavity for breakfast and it was wonderful. 
Seriously though that Creme Brulee french toast is just the right amount of sweet that you want to fall head first in love with. My friend had the Kitchen Sink which is all savory everything and we shared our dishes. Good move to balance out the super sweet vs the super savory. 
The food really is just all around good. The portions are more than enough. Neither of us finished our food. I want to go back, like now.I'm writing this review solely on the fried chicken and waffles, WHICH WAS WONDERFUL. The fried chicken (thigh, by the way) was fried perfectly, juicy and even had a slight kick to it. It was sandwiched between a plain omelette (which was topped with loads of cheddar - very cheesy) and a fluffy waffle (fluffy because it had been incubated under the omelette by the piping hot chicken). When I ate this combination with a bit of maple syrup, I was in heaven.
I ordered this with a side of rosemary potatoes. I usually love the potatoes, but after having eaten the chicken+waffle, the side seemed all too mediocre. I think I might come back just for the chicken and waffles.As others have already stated - due to popularity the wait time can build but still absolutely worth the wait. Food was fantastic and selection was great. Our waiter, Blaze made the experience even better with suggestions and consistently checking in on his tables making sure everyone was alright.Back for second time two weeks ago (pre-rats visitation). Same deal as last time - the food was excellent, but the service was lacking a little. Servers were pleasant, but not around enough to refill coffee and water, or to take away finished plates. It was 8 to 9am on a weekday morning, so that they were not very busy. On the positive side, the hostess was much more lively and pleasant.This restaurant is best thing that has ever happened. If only it were open at night too... I've tried almost everything on the menu and have been nothing but thoroughly pleased. Although the wait is long on the weekends, service is extremely quick if you order to go. My boyfriend and I can't last seven days without a bacon jalapeño Mac and cheese or a green machine smoothie.Cheap annnnnd good! I had the Creme brûlée French toast and smoked ham. The French toast was a little sweet but it was a perfect pairing with the ham I ordered. The feel of this place is pretty cool. A tip to remember, bring Cash!!!PARTIES OF 2 BEWARE!!
Green Eggs Cafe may have good food but they also have a seating policy that is completely assanine. My fiance and I, a party of 2, waited 40 minutes for a table this morning because the 10 tables against the wall are for parties of 3 or more ONLY. As a party of 2 even if you arrive before a party of 3 or more they will not seat you first in the tables against the wall they will seat the larger party before you and you will have to wait. If there is an open table and no parties of 3 or more don't expect to be seated either they will leave a table open for everyone to see waiting for a party of 3 to come through the door.  I watched 2 parties of 2 leave the restaraunt because parties of 3 were seated at those  empty tables before them even though they arrived at the restaraunt a good 20 minutes before the larger parties. Total BS. Better yet the greedy pig of  an owner is instructing his hostess' not to sit parties of 2 at those tables. 
On top of the bogus seating policy the snot nosed hostess, who is no doubt the owner's daughter, tramps around the restaraunt with an attitude like none other. 
We will not be dining in again anytime soon. Take-out is your best bet here.Stopped here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. Wait was estimated at 25 minutes but we waited for about 45 minutes. Once seated we waited about 10 minutes for our server to greet us and take our order. 
Once inside we realized the restaurant isn't large and the wait made more sense. The restaurant makes good use of the spacw they have. There was no sense of a rush to leave once finished with a meal which I appreciated.
I had the smoked salmon benedict and my friend had the eggs your way and meat on the side. This was my first time trying smoked salmon and it was yummy. The portion size was enough for 2 meals so I took the rest to go.
Overall pretty cool experience.House made scrapple is very good. The Kitchen Sink skillet was wonderful and very filling. Enough for 3 or 4 people.service was slow.
food, so delicious! i had the skillets and the potatoes were a little too burnt at the bottom.  
i really want to try the red velvet pancakes next time!Twice in 2 days?  That is how good it is.  
We were checking out of our hotel and heading back to NYC, what do you want to do for food he asks?  I sheepishly admit I really want green eggs again.  He jumps at the idea and says we should try the "other" location (we started our day at Newbold yesterday).  So off we go with visions of chorizo in mind.  YUM!  
I was not disappointed, I did have my chorizo, it was just too good to pass up.  That perfect blend of sweet and spicy.  It was a party for my taste buds.  Today I tried the philly eggs benedict.  I have to admit I do prefer my regular over easy but this was good and worth trying.  
I also will say I prefer the Newbold location.  Not hating on the Northern Liberties, we liked this area a ton and wanted to spend more time there.  It is simply that the Newbold location had more space for elbow room while this location was cramped and jammed into a MUCH smaller space; felt like we were back home in NYC already, lol!  
All in all we love Green Eggs and hope to find a runner up now that we are back home.  Keep up the great eats!Favorite breakfast spot in the area. My favorite is the short rib benedict. The red velvet pancakes look delicious and seem to be one of the popular meals there. The only con is the long line but worth the wait.Nice place,I have been going for years,very well run service is fast, I have noticed in the past year that the food preparation quality is not the same as it used to be,It's still a nice place for brunch or lunchThe food here was TERRIFIC! 
But before you jump in your car and drive here, listen to this: 
I ordered some of their special pankakes of a flavor in which I forget. 
However, the thing I do remember is that they messed up my order and gave me someone else's. 
Not only did they mess up my order, but after all of this nonsense, BOTH of my meals were put on the bill. I didn't even eat the other one so they had no reason to put it on there. After messing up my order the manager came up to me and said he was sorry, I asked why he put this on my bill if I didn't eat it OR order it, and he told me he "didn't know" 
I never saw his face again after that. We all ended up paying for it, but next time I expect better service.Everyone's been talking about this place so me and some friends decided to give it a try. Servers were friendly and variety of food options. I rate this place 3 stars because although the food is very pleasing to the eyes (even better fresh and organic)... I'm upset that I can't really say it was pleasing to the mouth. Portions are way too big, The red velvet pancake could feed a family of 6, way too sweet and not worth the hype. Kitchen sink really wasn't all that, not much flavor and not very appetizing. I had a bite of my friends turkey sausage and can say that was good. I'm happy I tried this place out, but don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.If I was a dead man walking, and I could have one last brunch, it would be here. Get there early to avoid the wait, which can get lengthy. I wish they'd upgrade to calling you on your phone, so that you could wait at one of the many nearby bars.
The food itself is immaculate. I have never been steered wrong, but I particularly enjoy the creme brulee French toast, the kitchen sink, and the breakfast burrito. The French toast is light and fluffy and encapsulates that burnt sugar taste of the famous dessert. The kitchen sink is a hodgepodge of flavors, with potatoes, eggs, veggies and more thrown into a pan and served with a delicious gravy on top. The burrito comes with guacamole, which I think should be a part of every brunch. 
No longer byob at this location, they have a number of drinks on the menu, should you be interested.I've heard a lot of good reviews about this place and finally had the chance to try it for brunch today. We were seated after a little less than 10 minutes. The line got a lot longer later on though so I'd recommend taking notice of time and day. I ordered the Veggie Benedict and was pleased. I'm a big fan of veggies so I really enjoyed the portobello mushrooms in this dish. There are a variety of choices whether you like savory or sweet.I  got the kitchen sink dish. Food quality was good but not great. Portions were huge. The wait was about 30 minutes. Maybe I didn't get the right thing, but I wasn't impressed. Especially based on the yelp reviews.This place was packed but the service somehow was good and the food was fresh! I love trying new food combinations and I ordered the Cookie Dough French Toast. Everything on the menu had a unique twist (I must go back and try the Creole Shrimp and Grits!), but this dish was fluffy French toast and cinnamon with a spread of cookie dough, chocolate chips, chocolate syrup, freshly creamed ice cream and mint on top. It was absolutely crazy and I need to eat there again soon. This place is an absolute must for those seeking adventurous food concoctions!!It's a small tight place. I'm not exactly sure how the servers are able to serve with such narrow aisles in such a small space. 
I enjoy their food. I recommend trying the crab cake Benedict or short rib Benedict. They are my absolute faves! I typically bring champagne for mimosas. 
It's a cute spot for brunch with good food.OK,seems like I am becoming a regular here, but quick to find parking spot, service & people work here are great, my coffee is always robust. Took my hairdresser, she got eggs Benedict, then scrapple, then oj,lots of food. I can't eat much, normally split my french toast with Hanna-so it went home with me. Would have sat outside, but it began to spritz , but she wanted to sit in-I don't usually prefer it , it wasn't that bad, oh well.!! Returning soon!! Returned on Sunday, 7-10-11-Correction one of the owners is Rick-..the food was good, meeting of close Friend of mine ..sat outside. Our Bus boy/server-Angelo is bowl full laughs, piece of work...LMAO!! Don't get him started??!!. Luckily, the  majority of the help quite personable, not dis-ingenuine-not over the top either. If your not living in Philly & you have to drive, this is your location because parking very attainable.Go try it out..!!Great coffee ,with a  side of Cranberry & vodka!!! : ). From savory to sweet, they got it covered. My buddy ordered a mocha caramel choc.Latte-she said it was To -Die for...!!!
Must go!!what's the hype about this place? i can see why this place is only 3 and half stars. The atmosphere is nice inside, the host was really friendly and everyone's plate looked good. My steak and eggs was okay, the steak was a little too cooked. My girlfriend ordered the crab and cheese and that crab tasted bad. I've worked with lump crab meat before I know how it's suppose to taste. So we ask if we can exchange it for another meal but they could only discounted it even though we only took one bite. Fine, well just settle for a kid size red velvet pancake just so my gf can have something to eat. It took long ass hell for some kid size pancake. Plus our waiter was rude it look like she was annoyed or something, she never asked how my food taste either, bad service. Would I come back here? No.If you like your bagels squishy with grease & your scrambled eggs swimming in oil then this is the place for you!  If you are of the 99% who prefer their eggs light and fluffy and their bagels anything but greasey, then avoid this restaurant at all costs. It's gross. Overpriced. And makes you feel like taking a shower. I barely touched my food, and yet I think I ought to get my arteries tested for buildup after just three bites.  
Which brings me to my next point - as a former waitress, if I had a customer leave her entire meal untouched save a few bites, I would definitely find out what happened. Perhaps ask her if I could do anything to make up for it.   Not our waitress.  She completely ignored my full plate. 
Overall, I wish I could choose no stars. Awful, awful experience. Go to Honeys, Kraftworks or Interstate Draft House. Or better yet, make it at home.  Save your heart, people!! Cheesesteaks have less grease than Green Eggs Cafe!The service is just really bad. There are plenty of other places walking distance in the neighborhood. Save yourself the trouble. In terms of the food, unfortunately the descriptions are better than the finished product. I think these guys may have been worth it at one point, but with time and too many good Yelp reviews :-P have stopped trying.If you're looking for a trendy brunch spot in Philly... this is the place. Their menu changes daily, because everything they make is fresh. So you have to check online and see what they're serving.
The restaurant spot is very open and on a nice day there are seats outside. The wait staff are very professional and nice. It wasn't too packed on a weekday and felt the food portion was just right.
I ordered a coconut custard french toast item that was DIVINE!! They're presentation is excellent.
They have a deal on orange juice and champagne. If you buy a carafe champagne is free... but the catch? $30 for OJ. This visit, we weren't watching the prices so it wasn't a big deal, but in retrospect, that was a bit high for mimosas.
Cash only (although there is an ATM inside the restaurant)I had my very first breakfast burrito as a vegan here. YUM. I didn't like that they close early. I went back to eat there again and they were closed. I was bummed!I wish this place was open when we moved to this neighborhood 2 yrs ago but my wife and I are taking advantage of this as much as possible.  The 1st time we came the food was really good and the service was great. I had the kitchen sink and my wife had the omelette. The potatoes were hearty and their breads delicious. 
The 2nd time here I can't really speak so highly of. I understand it was memorial day so I have to take into consideration how busy it is but we waited 5 mins for someone to take our drink and food order and then waited another 30 mins for our food to arrive. I ordered the peanut butter french toast w/ a side of sausage and my wife had the eggs your way.  When I asked the food runner what the reason was for the delay he didn't have any reason.  We would've been happy if our waitress said that she forgot to punch in our order or that they were short staff...but no reason at all.  I won't hold that against them this time but it really shouldn't happen.  What am I supposed to expect the next time we come in?...I've been here a handful of times. First and foremost, the you tube video, any IDIOT can see, those rats are OUTSIDE. If you've ever been to this venue, and know how it is set up during the spring and summer, they have a huge glass window, with tables out front. Clearly you can see the dude recording through the window, and you can see the cars parked and passing on the street in the background. They're on a box of pizza... Green Eggs doesn't HAVE pizza. You let me know what restuarant in philly DOESN'T have rats OUTSIDE. Anyway, with that out of the way... The food here is always simply amazing. No other word would suffice. I would have given 5 stars, but its sooo small. I always get the creme brulee french toast with turkey bacon and I am never disappointed. The grits are AMAZING as well minus the scrapple. Definitely a restaurant worth seeking out and trying. Helps that they are a "green" restaurant.Honestly probably the best brunch spots in Philly. I like Philly but coming from NY, nothing is like a boozy brunch in NY. But BYOB for brunch is honestly the greatest thing and Green eggs Café knows it! Not only is it BYOB but they give you a crazy amount of food (And drunk me love some food)! The server was super nice and attentive, had no issues with any staff all friendly. And the price for everything made sense nothing overprice, so its worth every dollar spend. The only issue I always have is the 'Cash Only' rule, it kills me every time, I'm a millennial we don't carry cash (they have an atm in the restaurant, My bank just charges me a heft fee and it makes me upset). However this will still be my first stop when I go back to philly ! :)Bad service with an attitude, clearly a reflection of the owners attitude, I've never seen him engage with a patron or express any appreciation for the business. A stark contrast to the owner of Cafe la Maude who always makes you feel welcome and clearly appreciates your patronage 
The usual slow service and a poorly made omelet with cold toast served without butter. How this place continues to remain busy is beyond me. Still cash only in 2016? No thought or consideration for the convenience of the client, never going back againThe food and customer service was amazing! Kid friendly as well! We had the burrito and the pecan pie French toast!Went for the second time today.  Great Stuffed French Toast with amazing ricotta the first time.  Today went for a special; Sweet Potato Hash with two poached eggs and sausage.  Honey's tier breakfast, but slightly healthier.  Pleased to meet you, Green Eggs.I give it 4.5 stars (we had to wait outside in the cold for an hour). I got the Creme Brûlée French Toast and my boyfriend got The "Kitchen Sink" half way though the meal we switch meals and it was worth it! Both meals were equally delicious. (And I'm not an egg person). We will definitely be back but on a day that is a little warmer.I have eaten here before but today left our entire party very disappointed.  Of course the tiramisu French toast was amazing but my partner's lox omelette was a complete failure.  When this was pointed out to the waitress, the waiter and the manager they didn't seem to care as we had already paid.  (got our money, GET OUT?!?)  
This comes after waiting for an hour?!?  Way to go Green Eggs, you've lost at least 10 people from my world!This place is a Winner!!! I'm not gonna give specific details just come and check it out; you won't be disappointed. Service 5/5  Food 5/5  Decor/cleanliness 5/5Nice place, close to my house, I think portions of the dishes are way too big, but I guess Philadelphians like it.Try the kitchen sink. Then walk a few miles so you're not wearing the kitchen sink around your waist. Very tastyThe food was delicious however this place had a rough crowd when I went.
The entire meal consisted of hearing two males who must have been from Kensington or a similar neighborhood use profane language loudly. WHAT a ROUGH CROWD. I felt uncomfortable the entire meal. 
I would recommend some sort of dress code to weed out some of this clientele. 
For a great brunch without having to hear profane language the entire time I would recommend Farmicia which has been 5 stars every single time I've eaten there.Five stars, hands down. For the food and the excellent service ! 
For my boyfriends bday brunch we decided to try GE because it's always packed. We were told we might have a 30 min wait; we said OK and went next door, got a coffee and ended up going right in !! They don't mess around if you decide to stick around for the wait and call your name and you're not there, which I appreciate. 
We got in and we immediately saw a plate of red velvet pancakes. I also knew immediately I would tear that ish up, despite my hung over cravings for some eggs Benny. 
Our waitress was awesome, forgave us for  our outsider coffees-- which we ditched almost two sips in because it was gross anyway, and got a cup of the la Colombe they serve. Which was NEVER empty. Their refill game was on point. 
I apologize for the long review because it ain't ending any time soon, dear reader. 
Birthday boyfriend has a severe peanut allergy, so we asked the waitress of the chance of contamination for that stupidly good looking RV pancakes since they had a peanut butter special.  even tho we told her that we totally get how restaurants work and it's not a big deal if they can't make it happen she sent the manager on that day over to talk about the set up so we could judge whether the Benadryl detox was worth it. Which was insanely considerate of her. Also her brows were on point. Had to let you know, girl. 
I ended up getting the veggie eggs Benny, a SMALL side of RV pancakes- the waitress, Kristin was kind enough to let us know about the kids version instead of upselling us. Birthday boyfriend got the steak and eggs and French onion soup. 
We both got the Rosemary potatoes on the side. 
So good. So so so good. The poaching, the potatoes - I felt like Julia Child in that Bad Amy Adams movie where she cried out every time  she took a f***ing bite of food in that French place. 
Green eggs has their stuff figured out. As two people who worked on food service for a long time, we really really enjoyed it. A million runners, a couple of waitresses and minimum deco so they can really focus on the quality of the food they put out. Kristin, thank you for making birthday boyfriends birthday brunch amazing ! For the experience it was a really bang for our buck, too !! 
We will be back!very cute. perfect spot for a quick, yummy breakfast. i had the philadelphia style eggs benedict. its on a sotf pretzle!!! the coffee is great and im kinda snobby about that. my friend had a turkey club that was HUGE and fancy. the service was good. it was pretty crowded for 2:30 on a tues afternoon. but luckily we didnt have to wait for a table. its nice when a place is doing so well. i will be back.Their red velvet pancakes are a big tourists attraction. Their mac & cheese melts right in your mouth. I love how they have multiple locations so there's always a green eggs near by throughout the city. If you sit outside they are pet friendly and enjoy hydrating your little babies.I really have nothing against their food which has been great but they have a new waiting policy, that they only tell you about after you have been screwed over by it. If you have a waiting policy be up front about so that people wouldn't waste their time. We arrived at 11:40am and was told that there were 15 people ahead of us and the wait would be an hour. So I asked would it be okay if we headed back to my car and waited, the hostess who took our name said sure no problem check back in 20mins. We show up 20 mins later, mind you there were a pair in front of us asking a ton of questions, finally get to the hostess and gave our name and she stated that she called my name at 12:04 because 5 people ahead of us were no shows. It was now 12:09 and she said that they removed us from the list and if we would like to be placed back on the list we will now be at the bottom. I tried to reason with her reiterating our original conversation and her response was the time she gave was only an estimation and it was their policy if you were called and you were not there you were removed. Nevertheless, I tried to reason with her as we were going with what she originally said to us about checking back in 20mins and all she said well it's policy. Another,  guy showed up (I'm guessing some sort of supervisor) listening in but not really hearing the jest of the story and it basically said well it's now our policy. They were not really nice about it and were a bit smug as I guess at the end of the day Green Eggs will always get it's customers especially on the weekends. I know I wouldn't be back as they really could have handled things much better.Came for Brunch early Saturday afternoon and was pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately. Lots of great, fresh options to choose from but I went with the egg white omelette. I added cheese to my order and was thrilled how generous they were with it (some places can be kind of stingy). The omelette was delicious and came with a side of potatoes and Le Bus toast. Potatoes were great with the onions and peppers. I usually add ketchup but they were so good I didn't need to! Can't wait to come back and try the Creme Brulee French Toast :)my friends and i loved this place.
everything is fresh.
Atmosphere is open and airy.
waitstaff very friendly
We got
1. Quinia Porridge- yummy
2. Veggie Benidict
3. Stuffed French Toast
4. Egg Benedict with the PretzelRoll
We just loved this place...looking forward to going back.I only used to come here when visiting family when I lived out of town, now that I've move back it's a weekend go to place for my family and I. I typically get the same thing but sometimes I surprise myself and am never disappointed. The Nutella latte is to absolute die for. It's one of those drinks that forces your eyes to close with every sip. I used to get the shrimp and grits Benedict, but unfortunately they don't sell it anymore so instead I get the creole shrimp and grits skillet with turkey bacon. There's nothing on the menu that's ever been a disappointment. Créme brûlée French toast is amazing, red velvet pancakes are huge, filling and tasty. The other locations are usually really busy but this one seems to almost always have available no wait seatingSo to reference one of my favorite movies growing up, Clueless, this place is a full-on Monet.  The menu IS RIDICULOUS. So many varities of amazing sounding brunch items that are going to make this brunch the most epic brunch ever. Items include creme brulee French Toast, red velvet pancakes, a Philly Eggs Benedict, Banana Moon pie muffin to name just a few.  My party went with the breakfast burrito, the egg scramble and the Philly Eggs Benedict.  We saw the french toast and pancakes and they looked amazing and GINORMOUS but, way too much sugar for one sitting if you ask me. I was excited for my soon to be masterpiece meal.
What came out, wasn't so epic closeup. The breakfast burrito didn't allow substitution for egg whites. A little disappointing. This submarine of a burrito came out and I was so excited. And, so disappointing. It was scrambled eggs and potatoes with not much chorizo or any other filling at least I could see or taste. The highlight of that burrito was the black bean "sauce" that surrounded the burrito. (2 stars for this bad boy)
The Philly Eggs Benedict were described as a pretzel roll with roast pork, Philadelphia Cream Cheese, poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce. Sounds ridiculous right? Meh. The pretzel roll didn't have much flavor, the roast pork was tough and thick and didn't quite compliment the meal and the Hollandaise really over powered the whole dish.  Don't even remember the cream cheese. (3 stars for this bad boy)
The egg scramble was the highlight with scrambled eggs, sausage gravy, homemade biscuits and much more and it was a fatty's delight.  My bite was delicious. My friend who ordered did say it was way too heavy to finish and stopped half way. (4 stars for the winning plate)
Overall, I wasn't impressed with my brunch and probably would try another of Philly's brunching treasures than attempt Green Eggs again or stick with the ridiculously extravagant French Toast and pancakes. Hagsville.I'm sure the food is much better then the Baja Salad I had, although it was good, salads have to be really good for me and in order for that to happen the components have to be just right. This one included corn, shredded Monterey Jack cheese tomatoes and a "Baja" ranch dressing topped with fried sliced chicken breast. Breading was decent but not very flavorful. All the dressing was on the bottom portion of this big salad. Service was just fair but overall the place was clean and there are nice options on the menu.Came on a sunday around 12 so I expected a wait, they quoted us 40 mins. Our name was called after about an hour and 20 mins so that was first strike. 
After waiting in the cold a few of us decided to order the french onion soup as an appetizer to get us some warm food fast. Well, after a fairly long time the soup finally came after inquiring about it to our waitress ( who was looking really bored standing around). You could tell right away that the soup had been sitting for a while. About a minute later our food came which basically made having the soup pointless. 
The food itself was pretty good.. (the kitchen sink and the creme brulee french toast) but worth the long wait and poor service? I would say no.Tiny cramped. Good food. It was alight . Delicious. Chance to get upclose with neighbors. Need more napkins on tableWe are visiting here from Texas and I have one word!!! Amazing!!! I had the shrimp and grits. Hubby had the corn beef and cabbage benedict!! Omg oh and my son had the honey pot of gold.  All of the servers were so friendly, they truly  this city of brotherly love a great name. Especially Devin she was super positive. We will be back!!!Green Eggs is solid brunchfare.  From the unlimited La Colombe coffee (iced or hot, might I add!) to the creative variety of daily specials, you are bound to enjoy both the sweet and savory menu items here.  Do not pass up the quinoa porridge, with its agave-sweetened creaminess topped with fruit and jam.  The veggie benedict is also delicious, with the poached eggs soaking the brioche.  I am also a fan of making my own omelette here, where I can add vegan sausage for no extra charge.
Like its South Philly counterpart, the restaurant does get pretty packed so getting there early (before 11 am) and/or expecting at least a 30-minute wait will be in your favor.  You can grab a coffee and wait outside, eyeing the enormous stacks of red velvet pancakes that seem to float to every other table.  I like this location's layout more than the one on Dickinson Street.  It is one long rectangle so it feels more open and spacious.  Service is friendly, attentive, and accomodating.  
Green Eggs is a place you can go to stag or with a group and have a consistently enjoyable experience!This is an updated review as I have recently tried different thing on the menu. Usually I am a stick to the stuff I know kind of girl, but I really want to explore this menu. With that being said:
The grits are the most HEAVENLY breakfast concoction EVER! I have never come across grits so creamy, and cheesy. Definitely an A+ on that one. No grits compare. Now I just ordered a side of grits without the scrapple in it. But my friends have had the grits with scrapple in them, and another the grits that come with the shrimp and they all feel the same as I do. AMAZING! Never give away the secret as to what's in them, because this item alone will keep me coming back! 
My friend ordered the quinoa porridge, and tasted my grits... Let's just say she didn't eat her porridge, and ordered herself a side of grits as well. The porridge, was definitely different then anything I've ever had. It had just a hint of cinnamon flavoring. To me, it was odd, there could have been a more creamy texture to it. If not for the fruit on top this would have been very bland. not my favorite, but I am sure some would like it.
Seating. As this was my first time coming in the afternoon closer to closing, there was absolutely no wait, and it was not JAMMED with people. We went on a Monday afternoon around 2:30ish.I came here for a late brunch/lunch at 2 PM on a Saturday. The wait time for a table (for two) was 30 minutes (outside in 30-something degree weather)--fine, I guess. 
Environment:
We're seated right by the entrance door, which is as close as it gets to sitting outside. Every time someone opened the door (pretty frequent) it became really cold. If it's feasible, they should get one of those exterior boxed entrances to minimize how much cold gets inside. I guess this is a sign that I'm aging? But it was entirely way too loud inside. My boyfriend and I were sitting right next to each other, and many times we'd have to repeat ourselves. A very noisy, distracting dining environment.
Service:
The hostess was great, very friendly, accommodating, and accurate with the wait times. They were clearly understaffed for the amount of business they were experiencing. I saw my waiter in the beginning when he took our orders, and at the end when we were finished eating. I had to get (assumed) the manager's attention for water. We were thirsty after practically finishing our meal. At one point there was a man standing at the front of the restaurant (same assumed manager) observing the flow of everything. Your employees are swamped with work, work along side them, don't simply stand there and watch. I shouldn't have to flag anyone down for water. But of course, after practically having finished my meal, a few staff members circulated around to ask if I needed anything. 
Food (the reason we went):
The food was great--as expected. Well portioned. The Spanish Fries were well seasoned. The Chili Skillet was the right combo of savory/slightly sweet--very filling. Rosemary potatoes: yum!
However, I don't think I'll visit this location again. The wait time (on top of looking for parking in a gentrified area), loud environment, & sub-par service don't make it worth it for me.Been here a few times and mostly have the different versions of the eggs Benedict's and it's always been good. I decided to try something new today and went with an item on this week's special, crab and asparagus frittata. That was a huge mistake. So my tip is to stay away from the frittatas. Otherwise enjoy.It was totally worth the long wait on a Saturday morning.  The French toast was amazing.How could you take away the vegan French toast?! It was literally the only vegan thing that you have perfected on the menu. It was truly my only reason for going and the reason I bring so many people there. Also you changed the vegan huevos rancheros and now it sucks too. Ugh. So sad.Highly recommend french toast in this cafe, will definitely be back whenever I'm around Philly.I've been here many a time but never felt like I had the authority to review it since I keep ordering the same exact thing: quinoa porridge.  Let me get back to that.  
On the last few occasions, I have had a huge craving for eggs.  Twice ago, I was craving an omlette (which I currently cannot spell it seems) and ordered a la carte, which included spinach, white cheddar cheese and delightful to this non-meat tummy, a wonderous veggie sausage.
Choice of accompanying potatoes were signature (spicy with peppers and onions) or rosemary.  I got spicy.  My friend got rosemary.  Both a delight!  Choice of Le Bus bread as well, I believe, and the wheat was nice.  
On my last trip, I was craving scrambled eggs.   Mmmm buttery and cheese goodness galore.  My date got the tomato soup and chef salad.  Both got a thumbs up from him.  Got a full side of the veggie sausage and it's seriously a contender for the best faux meat I've tried.  Serious stuff here. 
The quinoa porridge though...back to that...is to die for.  Never had quinoa?  Not a bad place to start.  This perfect, creamy fruity sweet blend of breakfast good nutrition is a healthier alternative to the french toast or stuffed pancakes you were going to choose...without tasting like it at all.  I've tried to replicate this at home but no dice.  
Didn't get a 5 star because it's not 100% on ambiance for a diner yet--waitresses could be warmer and so could the restaurant...and several times I've heard loud classic rock in there, which just doesn't go at all.    
Not my ultimate favorite, but definitely in the top 5 spot with Hinge, Cafe Lift, Sabrina's and Honey's.This place is VERY overpriced. It does not work for an hour lunch break. 
Service is questionable... (example: asked to place my food order with my drink order. Was told no. Then when I tracked the waitress down to follow up on my food order (20 minutes after my food order was placed and 30 minutes after my drink order was placed) I was told the goal was 15-20 order to table and the manager was aware. General apathy and a to go box were offered by the waitress. No silverware with which to eat the meal was given..... 
On top of all this, the side salad was wilted and therefore quite unappetizing. The garnishes on the 
Veggie burger were quite limited. 
Very disappointing considering the bill was $20.00 for an iced tea and veggie burger (wilted side salad that you can eat with your hands included).What a delicious breakfast. I had the cheesy eggs and grits benedict.  It was so delicious I only ate a tiny bit so that I could save it for later.  I can't wait to go there again.....This was a completely underwhelming experience. We got here at 10:45 and were told that it was a 45 minute wait. That's fine, we expected there to be a line and popped into the Rabbit Hole coffee shop across the street for a half hour. Came back to green eggs and we were the second table on the list. There was another group of college students who told the hostess that their friends were in there and they already ordered their own food at their friends table. This led to the hostess seating them, and when the manager came out to talk to her, he asked her how many tables they jumped on the list and because my friend and I were standing right there, we saw her count and heard her say they skipped 10 spots. That is completely unacceptable. Unbelievably rude of the kids but management could have put their foot down as well. Anyways, we were told we could get seated and so we started heading in. My friend had her coffee still in hand and the hostess very rudely told her that she would have to throw it away once inside bc it wasn't allowed. We are both former waitresses, actually one former and one current, so we know first hand that there are a lot of nicer ways to say things in life. The way she said it was flat out rude, we understand there are house rules and if she had simply said that just so you know, no outside food or drink is allowed, it would have been understood. Anyways, we get our food and order (saw our waitress twice for the hour we were there.) and when the food came I was highly disappointed. My friend got the breakfast burrito (actually good). I got the steak and eggs over easy. My eggs were unbearably salty, my steak that I ordered medium rare was given to me completely rare, my home fries were not home fries they were potatoes the size of my fist and my toast!!! My toast was black. Like come ON. You can't even get toast right??? I'm attaching pictures so you can see. I have never sent food back ever but i needed the steak to cook longer, so asked a random (but nice) server if I could get it cooked to medium rare as I had ordered. He took it back and then brought it back about a minute later. My steak was grey. It had clearly been microwaved. The entire dish was so sub par. My friend had finished her food before I even got my steak back so she had to sit there and wait for me to finish my entire dish, as soon as my steak gets back, our waitress (second time we saw her) brought over our check. Excuse me?? I get that you're busy but damn I haven't even been able to start eating my oversized and undercooked potatoes and steak and salty af eggs and burned toast. Like wait a minute please. My friend wanted to order a hot chocolate but bc they clearly wanted us out of there and didn't bother to ask if we wanted anything else, she didn't. Also don't spend money on fresh squeezed orange juice bc I promise you it's not. I would have liked to talk to the manager before writing this review bc I hate writing bad reviews without giving them a chance to respond and fix it, but the steaks "remedy" and sign sitting on the table (attaching a pic). were enough to tell me that this cafe does not care about its patrons or experience. Giving two stars bc the breakfast burrito was good. We will not be back. Don't be food by my camera quality, it looks good but it's not!We were on brunch here last Sunday. Restaurant was noisy and stuffed with people, but overall I like the place. Food is unique, delicious with excellent presentation. Portions are large, I had to share my red velvet pancakes with a sister. I like it's byob. I hate it's cash only.DELICIOUS. Seriously, everything I've had on their brunch menu is awesome. That being said, this place is always packed, so come early and expect to wait. That's not why they lose two stars, though. Service is hit or miss. It seems like every other time I'm here, my server hates me.Green Eggs Cafe was really good. When we first arrived we had a little bit of a wait, but it was worth it. I went with my fiancé and we were both pleased. I had egg whites, potatoes, chicken sausage and the red velvet pancakes. I absolutely love anything red velvet like literally , SO it was a MUST that I tried these beauties. My fiancé had an egg white omelette, potatoes, and the Creme brûlée French toast. My eggs and potatoes were a little salty, but I LOVED the pancakes. They didn't have much of a red velvet taste more of just the color but they were so soft and fluffy. I also loved the chocolate chips in them with the cheese mascarpone in between each pancake. My fiancé said his eggs and potatoes were fine. His French toast was really good as my pancakes were. I would definitely go back and recommend this place to others. Just tell them to hold the salt ;)I can't believe I haven't visited this place sooner. The food is delicious (and they give you nice sized portions for the price). The coffee is refreshing. The atmosphere is comforting. The service is wonderful-A++ all around!
I suggest the shrimp and grits Benedict if you like rich comfort food. We also had the sweet potato fries, which were not greasy but light and sweet and paired very well with the spicy ketchup. My friend got the tofu scramble, and they accommodated her vegan diet without hassle.
Shoutout to Nate for being THE BEST SERVER EVER! He was so sweet and funny! Thanks for making my first time at Green Eggs a great experienceOh yeah, this is the place!!
I had the breakfast burrito and she had the turkey pot pie.  Both were incredible in terms of flavor, amount of food and price.  Just incredibly good.  I walked by a plate of those velvet pancakes and the guy had trouble fitting them into the take out box.
Great waitstaff, prompt service.  What a great find.The food here was great- we ordered the pork belly benedict.  The pork belly was perfectly cooked, and the rosemary breakfast potatoes were delicious with it.  The sauce on the eggs was just okay, hollandaise sauce should be buttery but have good acidity- this just sort of tasted fatty, which combined with the pork belly was a little much.  I would however order it again.
Unfortunately we waited 15 minutes (clocked it) before anyone came over to our table.  The waitstaff was unapologetic and reminded me of bad diner service complete with annoying colloquialisms such as 'ready guys?'- but at least in a diner you get hot coffee.
The food came out from the kitchen quickly and I will say that the other food we observed coming out looked really good.  Great job from the kitchen, needs much improvement on the floor.  The tables around us seemed annoyed at the slow service as well.  I've been here a few times, never when it was busy.  Perhaps they were just understaffed.Thank you Green Eggs Cafe for curing my New Years Day hangover. Your obscenely large portion of Coquito french toast was just what I needed to calm my uneasy belly. Your sorullitos (corn fritters) were just the salty and cheesy fried treat needed to shake out my pounding headache. I didn't even mind waiting for a bit outside with a warm cup of coffee from your coffee bar because mother nature gave us such a nice day to start off the new year. - Your new number #1 fan. 
In all seriousness this place is really cute. They have some innovative stuff on their menu - clearly with a boriqua influence, which I was really digging. When I say large portions, I'm really not kidding. I barely finished half of my french toast. Prices are a bit higher than the typical brunch spot, but I think you get your moneys worth.Hell f'in yeah! Found this place on Yelp since it had a lot of positive reviews. The restaurant is a good size with modern decor. The brunch is super popular so try to come early.
The food:
Chicken & Waffles Benedict- Southern fried chicken and poached country eggs on buttermilk waffle with sage maple and Louisiana Hot Sauce Hollandaise. This is the dish to get! It was excellent. It's an open face waffle with fried chicken, poached egg and hollandaise sauce. So good! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&select=orFt1LPYa6ZCL_3dXEC4Ig
Creme Brûlée French Toast- Vanilla bean custard, fresh berry compote, drizzled with vanilla anglaise and 100% maple syrup, topped with Chantilly cream and fresh berries. This dish was really appealing to the eye and to the belly. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&select=sjCwjfVlAd99f3wKO1d-Vw
The "Kitchen Sink"- Three eggs scrambled with sausage crumbles, cheese, potatoes, peppers and onions topped with homemade jumbo biscuit and country style pork sausage gravy in a cast iron skillet. thought this was a good dish but it was HEAVY! It's good for only the first few bites. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&select=Tpq_gF61XcvBB7yFd3HF9A
Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese- Cavatappi pasta, sharp cheddar and American cheese sauce, topped with blue cheese crumbles, buffalo sauce and southern fried boneless chicken thighs. I was disappointed with this, it had so much promise but I was not a fan of the flavors. The buffalo aspect was too buffalo for me. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA&select=qhpgtNXKkH_8ZVLaBFUiAQI had brunch with a friend here last week. I got the vegan French toast and she had the non vegan french toast. Our waiter was super nice and full of energy at 10 in the morning! Our food came out quickly and was delicious. I wish they took credit cards and had more vegan options, but overall it's a great little gem. I've had the vegan skillet here once before too and remember it being delicious and fresh!I love there breakfast, always something unique on the menu. We went a couple of Saturdays ago for breakfast, we arrived before 10 so luckily there was no wait. I had the homemade corned beef hash with 3 sunny side up eggs on it and a kid's portion of red velvet pancakes. My boyfriend had the strawberry and banana pancakes with side of turkey bacon.  Everything was delicious and plentiful, both of us took plates home.  Great service and great food.  
One of my favorite things about this place is that the wait staff, regardless of if they are or are not assigned to your table, are always eager to assist you.  I have been to some places and have been ignored by other staff simply because I was sitting at 'their' table!! I have never experienced that type of services here, highly recommend!I have to start off by saying, it's always a good sign when there are long lines of people trying to get into the same place to grab a bite to eat. Or at least that's what I thought. Usually when you have main staples on your regular menu, those should be done very good all the time, no matter what because they're permanently on your menu. I have to say that our experience was "EH" at best. I ordered the eggs Benedict and I have to say the hollandaise sauce was actually pretty good, and that's where it ended, their house potatoes had onions and peppers that looked like they had barely been chopped. Pancakes were bland, bacon was burnt. I can go on and on and on but we were just very disappointed in the food. Big work up, huge let down. And on top of that I believe it was a little pricey, that might have to do with the neighborhood but definitely not worth it. Only reason I give them one star is because I actually enjoyed the hollandaise sauce. More than likely our last visit.I wish I could tell you the food was delicious but we never actually got to sit and eat any.
Firstly we were told there would be a 30 minute wait and it was actually and hour and half before we were offered a table. The hostesses were nice but I found it very frustrating that there were about 6 parties of two who had been waiting an hour + and instead of seating them at a 3-4 person table, in order to seat them and move the line along, the table would sit empty for 10 minutes until a 3-4 person party was found.. or the 3-4 person party had only been waiting 10 minutes.  I GET IT but It's very unfair to those who waited over an hour for a seat.
Seating in the restaurant is packed very tight and half of the 2 person tables are set right next to the wall where hungry diners who have not been seated are waiting. There is literally less than 2 feet from where you are eating to where the people are lined up and there is no wall or anything separating the two. We left the restaurant because we did not like the idea of hungry, waiting diners leering over our table, hearing our conversation or the simple fact that people's crotches were less than 2 feet from our faces.
I will probably not be returning to this restaurant to try again. I'd rather go somewhere like Honeys where a half hour - 45 minutes MEANS that amount of time, I know that even if I have waited an hour that I will be given a table, regardless of how many chairs are at it, and that I will not be leered over uncomfortably and where waiting diners are kept separate from the people who are actually eating.This place is awesome!!!!!! 
Small spot but still accommodated a party of 8. 
Short ribs 10 stars!!!Quaint little eaterie, very tight location. Waited abt 30 mins to be seated. Ordered our food an side order was delivered to another table then brght back to kitchen to be delivered to me again. Of course I sent it back an ordered something else. I ordered the Shrimp with Grits.. Very tasty but extremely rich an cheesy, it comes with two sunny side up eggs on top but I ordered scrambled instead. I knew what this was headed for after I ate that. My daughter had her usual creme brulee French toast. It was my first time there an only real complaint I had was that they only accept Cash an have a ATM in the back of the store. Will try again!The cornflake crunch made the dish even more perfect.  Not too coco nutty, and the icing in between just made it taste like heaven?! Yeah hevean! Get it..only on the menu for two weeks!As far as bruncheries go, Green Eggs is a worthy contender but definitely is no K-O. In a NoLibs Bruncherie Boxing match it surely go the distance (full number of rounds). 
As an avid brunch go-er, I've grown tired of the off-the-wall french toasts and giant portion size gimmicks. I do still love me some brunch, but I've long ago stopped being impressed and dazzled by dessert atop french toast and heaping mounds of average breakfast food..
With that said, the food is A-OK but nothing to write home about. I do like their extensive benedict options as I am a fan of those hollandaise doused, running egg smothered, heart attacks. Only downside is sometimes their over easy eggs come out borderline over hard. :( The specials board usually has something that is worth trying. In general, the food is cooked well, seasoned well, and is fairly tasty, Plus, their coffee is pretty good.
Brunch waits are pretty outrageous. I don't think GE is worth the wait, however, I would happily jaunt down there for a weekday or early weekend breakfast.
Servers are incredibly personable but a little slow if they're busy.
In all fairness, if I could, I would give good old GE 3.5 stars.The wait wasn't as long as I expected and the food was great. I had the chicken and waffles, my friend had the kitchen sink. The red velvet pancakes were like a tiered mini cake, while my other friend was OK with the burrito but not overjoyed.
The four is mainly because it was super load and with the music soundtrack that was fantastic, I couldn't here anything. So if you're noise sensitive think before you eat or sit outside.This will hit the spot for those who have a crazy sweet tooth, but also for those who prefer savory and for people like myself who want both... Uh yeah so basically this place is perfect for EVERYONE. 
First of all, the staff is super friendly! Initially I was pretty bummed that I would have to wait outside in the cold for my turn. However, the cool thing is that they have outdoor heating equipments to make the wait a little easier, but nevertheless the wait was totally worth it! 
Inside is a cute little cafe looking place with a friendly ambiance. As the four us sat down, we were given a special menu as well which have items that are featured monthly. The menu was overwhelming with so many amazing options. We all ended up getting french toast. We had the popular creme brûlée, apple pie, tiramisu, and the cinnamon roll french toast that was part of their special of the month menu. My favorite hands down would be the creme brûlée, the rest were great too, but for someone like me who is not a big fan of tiramisu, that was my least favorite. Therefore, make sure you look at the description of each of them to suit your taste buds. For drinks, the berry lemonade, iced coffee, and cafe latter are pretty good. 
Overall, fair prices around $12-14 for the quantity of the food. My first time eating in Philly and this being the first stop was perfect.It really pains me to give this Green Eggs location only three stars, because the one in Midtown Village is one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly. I had been planning to go there with several friends for a weekday brunch, but due to the unfortunate rat incident, we decided to try this location instead.
The five of us arrived a little after 12pm on a Friday afternoon, and decided to sit outside since it was a beautiful day out. Not many other tables were occupied when we came, so the waiter was quick to take our orders. The service went downhill after that, though, since our water wasn't refilled even once, and the waiter was also hard to find later when we wanted to get change to pay the bill.
I ordered the tiramisu french toast, which didn't taste much like tiramisu. I was expecting more coffee flavors from the mocha maple syrup and espresso mascarpone, but the only coffee I tasted was in the four coffee beans that were placed on top. It was also smaller than I expected. It'd been a few months since I last went to Green Eggs, but I've ordered their other french toasts before and remember them being too massive to finish in one sitting. While this one was still very filling for brunch, it was, surprisingly, finishable.
Pretty disappointing visit overall, but maybe it was just an off day. The outdoor seating and big open windows were nice though.One of my favorite breakfast spots food is so good wait staff are awesome I really love this place... two thumbs up ...Finally came here and so glad we did. The staff was friendly & patient. The menu has some great stuff on it and they have specials too. We ordered the crab cake Benedict. That was awesome. Fresh crabcakes under poached eggs and creamed corn hollandaise w asparagus. Came with rosemary home fries. Awesome! I also had a coconut iced coffee. That was different than the Starbucks iced coconut coffee I love so much. Glad I tried it.Green Eggs was great and there was no wait which was even better. My iced coffee with vanilla was perfect it was not overly sweet and the coffee tasted freshly brewed. 
For brunch I had the veggie eggs benedict.  I loved the mushrooms and the spinach but was not a fan of the red peppers. The bread was good but it got a little too soggy. And the rosemary potatoes was a great addition.
My fiance had the special french toast which I was able to taste. It was really fantastic, however I think it would be too much if I had that as my meal. 
I cannot wait to go back and try the red velvet pancakes.I've only ever gone before 11AM so it's always been very peaceful and I've never had to wait for a table. The first time I went, I got their Chicken and Waffles Benedict. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. The chicken was fried perfectly (crispy but still juicy) and paired really well with the waffle. The second time, I got their Vegan Apple French Toast (don't remember the official name), but that was also really scrumptious. I never get sweet things at a brunch place just because I know that I can't finish it if it's too sweet, but this time it looked too yummy. For the first time in a very long time, I didn't get tired of a sweet breakfast dish because it was too sugary. If I wasn't so full, I could have easily finished the entire thing. It was sweet but just the perfect amount to not make me regret every choice I've ever made. I highly recommend trying Green Eggs!RED VELVET PANCAKES!!! and take a friend!! and i love there homefries! the food is always good and fresh tasting. Its always busy so the servers check in but briefly. the place is cute and intimate. so if your not a fan of sitting so close to other patrons maybe you should try another place. i have met a few people just from sitting so closely. always my go-to for a nice breakfast. Everyone Ive taken have become fans also. its a Go for me!!!I had the creme brulee french toast, but it was a very tough decision because everything looked and sounded delicious. We had to wait about an hour for a table for two on Sunday at noon, but that helped me work up my appetite so I gobbled up my giant plate of french toast in one of my fastest eating times ever. The berries were fresh, the sauce was creamy and brioche was lightly fried but not too heavy.
I also got a sampling of the buffalo chicken mac and cheese which was amazing. It comes in its own skillet, bubbling with cheddar and topped with blue cheese. 
Yes, you will have to wait for brunch, but I am so glad that I did.Excellent Breakfast, Great Service, Great Atmosphere.  Ordered the Kitchen Sink and couldnt be happier.  It might have been designed specifically to conquer hangovers.  This is a brilliant combination of breakfast foods that cannot be passed up.  Wait time was much more reasonable than some of the competing breakfast stops in the area. Advertised at about 20 minutes - took more like 30.Just found Green Eggs recently and it's fantastic!  The food is great and so far we haven't had any problem getting a table right away (although too many Yelp reviews may change that!).  Definitely recommend.Ahhmazing. I LOVE this place. I absolutely adore the Creme brûlée French toast. It's so good that's it's crazy. My new favorite is the Breakfast burrito though. When I tried it, my mouth paused for emphasis. I'll be back, I always come back :-)Looking for a breakfast place in Philly this is a great choice.  Unique menu items, speedy waitresses and a bustling overall feel.  We waited to get in on Friday morning in the rain and it was worth it.  Even though they sat us near the kitchen we felt at ease and our hunger was met speedily and satisfied.A cute spot to take your girl. The food, presentation and service are amazing. We liked it so much , we made it a weekly habit.This was my first time in Philly and to be completely honest I would go back just for the food. Everything about Green Eggs Café is to die for. Starting with the food all the way to the amazing atmosphere and great service. Loved it here.Outstanding first time in location, no wait, wait staff was great, prices not bad at all for what you get. All food was great please try the apple pie French toast it was amazing! Just right! 
Way to go Green Eggs Cafe'So this could have been the best eggs Benedict I've ever experienced. The sauce was amazing I wanted to lick my plate. But the eggs were overcooked. A poached egg is supposed to have the egg yolk explode over when pierced. Mine was cooked through but still soft. My potatoes were sliced and would have been amazing but they were cold upon arrival. Once again it was really good. Imagine what it would have been like if cooked properly. My table mate had the same thing and here was cooked the same. To badWent there last a week back on a Friday morning. We ordered the veggie Benedict & ribs Benedict. The portion size was huge! We were feeling full till the late afternoon. Awesome taste! Would certainly come back. But price is more to the higher end, though I guess the quality & portion size would cover for that. But I would prefer a bit more reasonable portion size with a little lower price tag. Also the cash only thing is a little disappointing in 21st century!I do not like them Sam. We keep going because we find ourselves in NoLibs but I would suggest going to Standard Tap where at least you can have a drink. The service at Green Eggs is lousy. The food sounds great on the menu but by the time it arrives, it's too little, too late. Poached eggs are supposed to be runny, especially when you get benedict. The egg yolk mixes with the hollandaise and, oh geez, am I really explaining this?Another player for the brunch weekend games in Northern Liberties - and to have another option like the new outpost that is Green Eggs, is a never a bad thing.  I hate waiting in line for brunch period and I've yet to wait for a table (as a twosome or foursome) at Green Eggs in all the times I've stumbled lazily onto 2nd street (unrelated aside: businesses, please populate 2nd street - it's the place to be, stop migrating North!)
Portions are downright huge (I'm especially talkin' about aptly named Kitchen Sink and ungodly Breakfast burrito) so come hungry.  Coffee is solid. Prompt service. Food on the whole is good, but like most brunch places, average and not terribly exciting.
None of the brunch options really blow me out of the water, aside from the usual but gusting benedict options, the stone ground grits (delish) and kitchen sink - for lunch options, the daily specials are always more tempting than the usual menu offerings - except for their chicken salad sandwich and their Kobe slider trio (quail egg! shiitake! truffle oil!).
Some options are on par with brunch neighbors N. 3rd, Honey's and Café Estelle, but on the whole, I'd pick those first over Green Eggs, lines notwithstanding.What's with all the rules? I just want breakfast.
We could not be Seated until the entire party of 4 was there. We had three of us there... myself, my wife and my 7 month old baby. They had 5 open tables. Host was like "I'm not supposed to do this but.... ok you guys can sit." Our friend was only two minutes away. 
As we are seated immediately told "we are cash only, we don't split checks, and you can't order food until your fourth arrives. I can bring you some water though."
This places knows how to make us feel welcome.
Then I notice this gem on the menu:
18% service fee on orders $75 and up.
Like I get it, it's your shop so you can set the rules. But I'm going out on a limb and saying the owners of this place are probably super jerks. Like should we lowly patrons feel honored to eat your average food at a higher than average cost?
I don't get it. 
I enjoyed their cold brew concoction that they made me, but i didn't appreciate the dumb look I got when I asked about it, like I should know what's in the drink.
Won't be back, won't recommend. Sorry y'all, this  boy won't pay to be treated like that.Clearly a victim of their own success, a ridiculously long wait for an omelette that was over cooked and served slightly cold. Too many other better choices within walking distance. A large drop off in quality and service from a few years ago, not worth the waitWhat a great place for a casual bfast!  Friends took us here since they're right in NoLibs and yum!  Just enough space to not feel crowded but they still take advantage of all their real estate.  Like the coffee bar idea while you wait altho as we saw one guy do, dont overfill your cup otherwise you'll be that guy who spilled the precious and needed a waiter to help you.
Coffee here is La Colombe and ahhh if you love coffee, you'll dig this cup.  Great way to start the day.  Next the food.
I went all out cuz we were in another city so therefore there are no rules and went with the highly touted Red Velvet Pancakes :)
*Red Velvet Pancakes: i did not add more syrup and just dunked into what was on my plate and YUM.  Just the right amount of sweetness, super fluffly and the mascarpone layered in is mmm mmm good.  Fresh strawberries sliced/sprinkled on top and choc chips throughout.  This is a bfast of champions with champion size.  It's HUGE.  Mind boggling if a single person has finished the whole thing and was able to walk out without passing out.  I ate a quarter of it and was full :p i know...sad attempt! but it was a great dessert for dinner so really that was a well planned attempt...Ah yes also got a side of turkey bacon.  This is 2 thick slabs of bacon that really eat like ham.  They were ok.  Im a thin/extra crispy bacon type of person...
*Pork Belly Benedict: saw this on the menu and totally pegged the fiance for it and was right.  He was all over that.  He got the rosemary potatoes to go with it (not a fan and neither was he...i think they needed to be crispy...they were soft and not that great).  But he loved his pork belly eggs benedict, said it was the best eggs benedict he ever had.  Plus it disappeared before i even got 3 bites down of my red velvet pancakes so i'd say that was true :)
*Pulled pork panini (i think?): friend got this and it came w. a side of fries.  Sandwich was HUGE, like the one half was as big as her face haha.
*Chicken & Waffles Benedict: this also looked good and was polished off quickly so im guessin it was tasty.  
Wish i had room for coffee refills but alas i did not and there was a long line waiting to sit when we finished up so til the next time!  Def on the "it" list for me and yes im totally a bfast/brunch person.  Love bfast foods, i can eat it anytime of day.  YUMcame here for brunch with my dad & sister. We waited around 45 mins to get seated. The two hostess were the nicest people we encountered there. But once we got seated it went downhill. 
Our waiter, took our order and then went MIA the entire time. He never returned. We ordered THREE drinks and only received one. So we waited... 
Soon after our food came out. We had the creme brûlée french toast (delicious 5/5), chicken and waffle Benedict (super bland 2/5), and their special for the day which was New Orleans shrimp skillet (it has two pieces of shrimp.. we counted) (garbage 1/5). We were halfway done our meal and we still didn't receive any of our drinks. Since we were so irritated another waitress noticed and decided to check on us. She got our order again and later on another guy brought our drinks. He didnt even give us straws or know what he was giving us. He was so rude and gave off so much attitude. After all that we decided we had enough, so another waiter brought us straws and the check. I can understand it gets a little crazy when its busy but the lack of respect and customer service at this location is ridiculous. It definitely was not worth the wait and we will not be returning.The staff here are really sweet, and service is good overall. Last time I was here I had the shrimp and grits, which was phenomenal. My only complaint is that we were offered coffee when we were waiting outside in the cold for a table. It was definitely made to seem like it was complimentary, and a consolation for us waiting outside in the cold. The coffee ended up on our bill. When I complained they explained refills aren't free- coffee is only free outside. I hadn't had a refill, so they took that off, but they charged my friend for her refill. This just seemed incredibly tacky to me and not good customer service. Not a huge deal, just something that rubbed me the wrong way on principle.The food is deliciously amazing. The staff is nice. Their chicken and waffle are the best.Red velvet pancakes and kitchen skillet are the best!holy hoo ha this place has some brunch! 
As a former northern liberties resident, I often make the treck back for honeys.  I tried going on a recent holiday weekend, thinking no one else would be there on this monday. Wrong. There was a 2 hour wait. So I thought I would try this place that hadn't opened yet when I still lived there. 
While normally I am a savory brunch kinda gal, watching the waffles, pancakes, and french toasts go by made me a convert to the sweet side. Everyone was pleased--people ordered a mixed skillet of deliciousness (literally a skillet with potatoes, biscuits, gravy, sausage, god knows what else) and raved about the giant burrito. The red velvet pancakes were pure art (some creamy frosting sauce awesomness oozing from between each pancake) and one of the specials was thin mint french toast. 
I can't wait to come back so I can try everything on the menu!!Outstanding brunch place.  We had to wati 45 minutes to get in but it was worth it.  I would definitely head back here againAnother great brunch location.  Ive eaten brunch here 4 times and lunch once and every time I was glad for it.
Good coffee, great food and decent service. 
Sure, I hated the name when it first opened but, damn, if the food stays this good, who cares?Shout out to Nathaniel for 5 star service at this Green Eggs. I usually go to the Dickinson Green Eggs but was so happy I visited here today. Food was as usual very good, atmosphere was lovely ( it was a weekday no wait ) and service was exceptional. Our server , Nathaniel, is the best. He was pleasant, charming and a damn good sport. We were a large party. Thanks Nathaniel.Really incredibly delicious strawberry shortcake French toast. It was so filling and could easily be shared by 2. I also tried the jalapeño bacon Mac and cheese but was not as thrilled. It was good, but the jalapeño seemed more like diced green bell pepper and there was no spice to it. Nice staff and lively environment!Been here many times. This is a review of their Snickers French Toast and Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict. Service was on point as usual
- Snickers French Toast: very good, a little bit sweet, but that probably means it's just right for the average American. I could taste the snickers throughout the french toast. My only complain is that it was barely luke warm when it came out
- Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict: meow :/ 
   The egg wasn't poached perfectly as it normally should be. When I cut into the egg, I expect its gooeyness to flow all over my egg and chicken. It didn't. It was medium-well on the inside. Luckily, I used to be a well done egg eater, so I ate it anyway. The hollaindaise was good. The chicken, I don't remember it being advertised as such on the menu.. correct me if I'm wrong, but it wasn't your average fried chicken. It was more like a breaded, buffalo chicken breast. Flavored very well I must say, but not the fried chicken I was looking for. Waffle was good, potatoes were pretty good although it tasted like there was ginger in it, so that threw me off a bit. IMO, go to Hawthornes for the chicken and waffles!!I love the original items on the menu - nothing super traditional and everything looks delicious!! We had the French toast kabobs, chicken & waffles Benedict and the kitchen skillet. Everything was delicious. And our waitress was super helpful! Yum Yum!!The service and food were both great. The ingredients were fresh and local, coffee and fresh OJ were both fantastic. I appreciate environmentally conscious take out boxes as well.  Definitely a place I would go to every time i am in town!The most amazing brunch & breakfast spot ever ! 
I love this place. Me and my bestfriend usually come here. 
This place is always packed with a bunch of people. 
Portions here are huge and super filling ! The pancakes here are huge !
The craziest thing I ever ordered was the kitchen sink it was so much food ! It can definitely fill two people ! They have vegetarian options here as well for all the vegetarians out there. The service here is amazing by far no complaints. 
Make sure you bring cash because this place does not accept card.This is a great Cafe in a wonderful neighborhood. This is my family new breakfast place. The food is great. I love the French toast and of course the kids love the red velvet pancakes. I just wish the place 
was bigger. It's always crowded no matter what time you arrive. But I have never waited more than 5 minutesHuge breakfast selection! 
Had the Creme Brulee French Toast and the fruit cup.
Creme Brulee was excellent, Fruit cup was outstanding!
Looking forward to stopping back to try some of the other items on the menu.ok. the creme brulee french toast! and the bar next door is great.First we checked in at Honey's (the Nolibs benchmark for food and service).  I didn't feel like waiting or dealing with screaming children so we went to Greeneggs.  It was pretty good, better than Sabrina's, but there were a few annoyances.  Condiments, such as butter, jam, sugar subs are distributed upon request.  It was a pain to keep asking the wait staff for more this, that, etc.  Just keep a sugar/sugar sub container on the table!  Also, our coffee cups were left empty (not too long), but it wasn't that crowded, so really they should have never been allowed to empty.  The food was ok.  I got an omelet, which was dry because they put the goat cheese on top and not inside.  Note to the kitchen:  more omelet ingredients; less egg.  Nothing like a warm omelet with cold cheese................ . The bread is really good (LeBus), can't go wrong there.  I'll definitely keep this place as a back-up to Honey's.  I just hope that mgt. doesn't want to just be a back-up to a competitor and actually wants to become the destination.I friend/coworker kept telling me about the Green Eggs Cafe and for the first time I finally got to try it. I wasn't disappointed and now I know why she likes it so much. I don't usually get specialty coffee drinks but I never had a Nutella latte before. It was sooo good and a great start to the breakfast. I ordered the Veggie Benedict (based on the servers recommendation) with a side of Cheddar Grits and I added a side of Vegan Chorizo. The Veggie Benedict was perfect and just the right amount of run on the eggs that I like. The Cheddar Grits were really good also with a nice taste of Cheddar in every bite. I was a little disappointed in the Chorizo which was very hard to cut and a very hard texture; but the taste was good. My wife got a waffle which she thought was good and our granddaughter got the kitchen sink which she really liked but looked like she only finished a third; that thing was huge.
The server was very friendly and attentive. But when they brought out our food it was sporadic so we each got a portion of our meal a little at a time. The final dish that came out was my wife's which had powdered sugar on it when we said many times during the ordering not to put it on because of an allergy. They did correct it quickly but by that time my granddaughter and I had already started our meal.Going here a few times, I come to accept their crowded shared seating arrangement and cash only policy. I love their Eggs Benedict, I get it all the time. However, I have a couple of things that irked me. 
After asking for the stuffed french toast from Sabrina's, they suggested that my boyfriend and I get half of the FT to share together since we were already having our main meal. I really appreciated that. Green Eggs does not have that option which sucks cause we end up taking home the leftovers and not eating it, therefore letting it go to waste and spending $12 while only eating $6 worth of it. But whatever, that's not too big of a deal. I learn to accept that each place has their own policy. 
This is what annoyed me the most. My girlfriends and I had brunch and some of us needed boxes to go. We were charged for it!  Not only that, but they didn't even give us a bag to carry 3 to-go boxes. We didn't dare ask for a bag to be charged more for something you would think that wouldn't cost a dime! Boxes are $.25 each and maybe I'm being stingy since it's "only" $.25 but c'mon, seriously? Why you gotta be bouji with your fancy boxes and charging people for it? Crazy.
Their food is delicious, I love it. The last FR I had was apple pie and omg, it was scrumptious. The service is fine. Servers are nice and friendly. What they charge you for is pretty dumb. How stingy can you be?
And they should get bigger ketchup bottles cause I love ketchup and their bottles aren't enough for me and 1+ other(s).Food was good until I went to restroom to wash my hands and was afraid to touch the sink. There was so much dust and dirt around and on it that I'm sure that it hasn't been cleaned for days. Dirty bathrooms make me question upkeep of kitchen. Because of this, won't be going back!First, you should know it is cash only (there's an ATM inside).  Second, all of your party must be there in order to be seated and the line grows quickly.
In terms of their food, everyone in our group enjoyed their meal, though there was WAY TOO MUCH food.  (For a sustainability minded restaurant it's disappointing to see how much food they waste).  
I had the cookie dough french toast because I wanted to indulge.  It was the best french toast my husband and I have ever eaten.  Unfortunately, it was so rich I could only eat half (with help of my friends). I got the bacon too, but it was the saltiest bacon I've ever eaten.  I love both of those things (salt and bacon), but this was so salty I couldn't finish it.  In fact, I didn't order the pork roll because my friend said it was salty; however, my friend's pork roll was WAY less salty than my bacon.
My husband got an omelette that he thoroughly enjoyed, but could only eat half.  He also got the potatoes with onions and peppers with his meal, but he didn't like the way they cooked them.  They weren't seasoned well and not very flavorful. 
My other two friends just go scrambled eggs, herb potatoes, and a meat.  No one at our table finished their plate and we all left at least half behind.  I know that's not bad for some, but we were traveling and couldn't take it with us (though I'm not a fan of reheated eggs, anyway).Great brunch place in No Libs. The Atlantic Lox Salmon is delicious. Great vibe and decor. Fits in perfectly with the No Libs scene.Love this place and it's quickly becoming my new favorite breakfast spot. Discovered it a while back when Honeys was a 45 min wait, we decided to check it out. Well since then it has become popular and frequently there is a wait here as well. However the food is amazing, large portions, and kid friendly. I crave the quinoa porridge, breakfast burrito is good too with the vegan sausage. They pride them selves on being "green" buying the food from organic and local resources, as well as recycling and composting their waste. Also they are a BYOB if you want mimosas bring your champagne and get a carafe of OJ. Only down side is they are cash only, and sometimes the service is slow.I really wanted to like this place since it's so close to work, but...  The service was pretty inattentive & the wait for food was long.   Plus our food did not come out together.  We got 2 plates, and then 5 minutes later our last plate finally arrived.  The food was ok.  Just not worth the wait.Amazing food. Great portion size. Somewhat of a wait but not that bad for a Sunday. However if you do plan on coming and it's chilly outside be sure to bring a jacket.I love this place! If you live in the city or not from this area, please make take trip to this place. Its pretty small, and always a wait but its worth it. I always order the creme brule french toast, eggs sausage and potatoes and the creme brule iced coffee. Its soooo good. I also tried the the shrimp and grits which were very good and flavorful. Pricing isnt too bad. My husband loves this place as well. Please take a visit hereThe food was alright - though I didn't feel well for the rest of the day. The service was good. But the idea that a restaurant serving such oversized portions is being sustainable is ridiculous to me. Everyone in my party had half a plate or more leftover. Most of the food items were not gonna be good reheated so we didn't take it with us. I had the Kitchen Sink. If it had one less egg, one less potato and less cheese, etc... I'd have still had a lot leftover and been happy to pay the same price. Same with the 1'x1'x3" red velvet pancakes someone else got. It's like getting a whole cake on your plate. It was a shame to see so much go to waste - compost or not.Honey's may have met its match - I'm serious, this place is great. I suppose it depends on what you're looking for, but right now I'm thinkin' Green Eggs Cafe is where I'd like to Sit-N-Eat.  
Prices are very reasonable. I got a Belgian waffle with strawberries and 'nanners for $8. I could have even picked another topping gratis, like ice cream, cause you AUTOMATICALLY get to choose three free! But, I've been trying to watch my girlish figure (not that you'd notice from reading my reviews), so I tried to keep it healthy. 
My girlfriend got the kitchen sink, a behemoth skillet filled with eggs, cheese, potatoes, peppers, etc. and toppedd with a biscuit and sausage gravy. This is a lot of food. 
The coffee is top notch as well and the service is outstanding.  
Kudos!I literally downloaded and signed up for Yelp to review how amazing this place is. They have broken breakfast. It is so friggin good I would eat here every meal of every day for the remainder of my time on earth. The red velvet pancakes can feed most of lower Indonesia with plenty left over for take home and everyone floored at the explosion of deliciousness that is these. The flavor sensation that was the "kitchen sink" left my mouth agape with astonishment that these tastes existed in the universe. I think there is now a new element on the periodic table Gf (God-like flavor) courtesy of Green Eggs Cafe.This place is a force of nature that will shatter your concept of breakfast and leave you a hollow shell of the person you once were until you return for more.The vegan french toast is delicious. You get a very generous portion with a strawberry glaze, strawberries, and a non dairy whipped topping. I ordered the veggie sausage which I didn't care for too much. I also ordered the salted carmel latte with soy milk which was yummy. FYI- this restaurant only takes cash.Dined here last weekend. We arrived super early on a Saturday morning, pretty much right after they opened and so there was no wait time. Our entrees all came out at a decent time and we enjoyed them. We ordered the red velvet pancakes as a breakfast dessert and I was so disappointed. They tasted gooey and under cooked and had a strong powdery baking soda/powder/flour taste that just didn't wear off during cooking. These things looked like they would taste amazing so I'm surprised at how terrible they tasted. Perhaps they were not cooked right. Even though the establishment was practically empty, our server was so hard to flag down. At multiple points I saw her sitting down and eating while I twiddled my thumbs waiting for my coffee refill while looking at her but she was in her own world talking to co-workers and completely disengaged from the service aspect of the job. We ended up just flagging don other servers for our needs but I felt bad doing that as it felt like we were pulling them away from their tables for our needs. Mark up on the juice was ridiculous. My sister ordered an OJ and was never asked if she wanted the large or small and so the bill had $3 for OJ + $2 for a size upgrade. Um hello we were never asked if we wanted it to be upgrade to a large. That's just a shady practice to squeeze more money out of a consumer. Finally, I'm a little weary of this being a cash only establishment.Love this place, but it's become very popular now, so be prepared to wait 30 mins to an hour to be seated.The food here was TERRIFIC! 
But before you jump in your car and drive here, listen to this: 
I ordered some of their special pankakes of a flavor in which I forget. 
However, the thing I do remember is that they messed up my order and gave me someone else's. 
Not only did they mess up my order, but after all of this nonsense, BOTH of my meals were put on the bill. I didn't even eat the other one so they had no reason to put it on there. After messing up my order the manager came up to me and said he was sorry, I asked why he put this on my bill if I didn't eat it OR order it, and he told me he "didn't know" 
I never saw his face again after that. We all ended up paying for it, but next time I expect better service.I really honestly do not understand the hype of this place at all...I wanted to love it & really give it a try since I have been hearing about the hype of it especially through Yelp . Ok first off there is a long wait ...maybe 30 minutes but that's besides the point and has nothing to do with my review. 
I came here with my father & sister after an appointment we had around the area. 
My sister had the red velvet pancakes that just tasted like dough ? And we're not really anything great hmmm weird and for $12 for a stack....even weirder whatever ! 
I had ordered an everything bowl sink type thing ? It was nothing out of this world ...I mean it was just eggs and pieces of sausages ? . What really intrigued me was the Nutella latte I had ordered...it was extremely bitter.....isn't Nutella suppose to be sweet ? I couldn't even finish it.
Lastly my father ordered a pork kitchen bowl..which literally had 2 pieces of pork? So little he had to order a side of sausage lol... I truly don't get the whole hype and how people rave and go crazy about this place...trust me I know what good food is even if it's something simple ((I'm Peruvian)) I know what good is. But this was just a disaster . I'm not even talking about the prices because I don't mind paying for good food at all but this was just a little ridiculous would deff not go back , I still have that bitter Nutella taste in my mouth LOL , however the host guy was extremely pleasant and nice , I liked him a lot :). I would avoid at all cost much better places , quality & a bang for your buck, I never try to give a "negative" review on places especially locally owned & not chains but I'm sorry I like to give credit where credit is due but this was just a no-go.Hands down, BEST CREME BRÛLÉE FRENCH TOAST I'VE EVER HAD! I've been meaning to write a review on this place until I've finally stopped in for the 100th time to get some brunch. Our waitress was super cool and sweet and everything was brought to us with good time. The chicken and waffles benedict are amazing. The biscuit it comes with is incredible. Everything on the menu sounds droolworthy.
I HIGHLY recommend Green Eggs to all!While I highly recommend the french toast variations, my friend and I were disappointed with our first impression of Green Eggs. 
We arrived there yesterday morning around 8:10, and it was 18 degrees outside. The restaurant had not yet filled up, and there were about four others waiting to be seated. One of the hosts quickly swept us all outside and remarked something along the lines of, "Hey folks I'm going to need you to wait outside. I know it's cold, I'll turn the heaters on." We all looked at one another in disbelief. 
I could better understand this action if the restaurant was filled to the brim, but there was no one there. It was empty. Neither of the "Iceberg Chillers" saw any reason for all of us to be waiting outside around a heater that barely put off any warmth. 
I will likely return to this spot, however, I will not make my way there on another 18 degree day...Visited the highly acclaimed vastly recommended 'Green Eggs' this past weekend. Rather than go into a detailed review of all of my likes/dislikes I figured it easier to make a simple list. So here goes:
-Very small. apprx 50 seats. The setup makes it feel even smaller.However, in the same breath, that is what makes it cozy, gives it the down home feel people come to enjoy.
-Food was delicious. Fresh, hot, fast, cooked to order. And a playful yet elegant twist on typical diner breakfast fare. 
-Prices were very modest for being a well talked about restaurant in the heart of the majorly in-demand northern liberties. 
-Lastly, certainly not least, especially in my opinion was the service. As I said, the food was delivered promptly. Our drink order was taken a minute after we sat, or at least the second she got a chance to come over. Our server wasn't the most out going, but she was efficient, consistent, and polite. All you hope to get while eating "out".two words: kitchen sink! it's a must try...got this with gravy on the side (i had to get it on the side cause it contains mean and i just picked it out)...but man oh man, it was very tasty....this makes a great hangover meal. i can't wait til the next time. it's a break from sabrina's, honey's, or your local diner. the waitress was great and attentive. went on saturday for breakfast and no wait needed. beware: cash only 
tip: bring some champagne for that mimosa!Lots of food!  Definitely get a good bang for your buck.  Best bacon I ever tasted! 
Lastly, its BYOB!delicious and fun spot for breakfast!  enjoyed smoked salmon benedict while my guest had vegetarian egg white omelet with portobellos and vegan sausage.  portions are very large.  the feel is somewhat noisy and busy and very casual and fun.  creative menu with a lot to select from including many healthy and vegetarian options. will definitely visit again!WOW! Long wait... but definitely worth it! 
I got the breakfast burrito, which is BIG but I ate the whole thing! I was also so happy that they offer a selection of hot sauces! Cholula did the job right. 
My friend had the chicken and waffles benedict which she also loved. 
Definitely going back and planning on getting the french toast or red velvet pancakes!Delicious, delicious, delicious.  Friends have been telling my boyfriend and I that we should grab brunch here for so long.... WHY did we wait?!  We could have been eating this delicious stuff for over a year now!
Service was impeccable.  Veggie burger and fries were awesome.  Loved it!  We will be back!A wonderful spot for brunch!  Not only is the food here delicious, but the PORTIONS.  Wow.  You are definitely getting your money's worth here.
Try the creme brulee french toast!I was really excited to try this place.  We searched high and low for a brunch place open on July 4th, and finally found Green Eggs.  It was packed, and all the food looked great.  Unfortunately, something went very wrong.  We ordered the veggie scramble and the breakfast burrito.  The veggie scramble was super oily, and came with an odd tasting, greasy side of soy sausage.  The breakfast burrito was huge, but not very good.  Everything was just really dense, and not very flavorful.  
Our waitress was nice, but a bit scattered.  When I asked to substitute the chorizo in the burrito for vegan chorizo, she told me they could make the whole burrito vegan (take out the cheese and sour cream and add vegan chorizo), but couldn't just substitute the chorizo.  Odd, and annoying.  I'm okay with the no substitutions rule in a cheap, no frills place, but in a hipster brunch place that serves maple chili sweet potato fries?  Let me order what I want!
Overall, very disappointing.We got here at around 9:45. It was empty.  I waited for my dining buddy to park.  Even though the hostess could see him park across the street, she wouldn't let me in until he was next to me.  It seemed silly given that there were plenty of tables, and literally he was across the street parking the car.  (It was cold out so it was slightly annoying). 
Aside from that, the breakfast was great. Our server was very nice and informative. The french toast was good, as were the classic egg breakfast.  They have fresh squeezed orange juice and delicious lattes.  I will be back. I would recommend this location too, just annoyed at the hostess. I understand when it is busy to make people wait outside but literally no one was waiting except me...and we could see my companion across the street parking the car.Made a short trip to Philly to see an old friend in town for the night. We picked this place based on online reviews, and were not disappointed. 
We did wait for the better part of an hour, but being noonish on a Saturday, it's no surprise. They actually did a great job of turning tables quickly & cleanly. The crowd was big, but they kept it moving without sacrificing quality. And, being able to order coffee while we waited definitely helped the time pass more smoothly.
When we did get sat, it was a nice table far from the door highlighted with friendly staff & terrific food. Being my first time here, I opted for the traditional eggs benedict (my "breakfast barometer," if you will), and let's just say it didn't stand a chance. This was some of the best hollandaise I've had outside my own kitchen, and the crispy-chewy texture of the english muffin was ...  oh ... now I'm drooling on the keyboard again, aren't I?
Anyway, I was so lost in brunch food coma heaven, I don't even remember WHAT the guys got. I do know for sure we didn't take a single doggie bag.Went on a Sunday for brunch around 10am.  The wait was about 5 minutes.  I was expecting longer due to the reviews I had read on here.  Servers were very attentive.  I order the French toast creme burlee.  It didn't knock my socks off but it did taste good.  HOWEVER the Biscuit and Gravy was amazing.  I will probably visit again.  THEY ONLY TAKE CASH!!! But there is an atm on the inside .One of my favorite breakfast spots in philly. Never a bad meal had here! Expect a wait of at least 20 minutes on a Saturday or Sunday morning. They're always packed and its a small space but TOTALLY worth it! 
I love their creme brûlée french toast! And the Apple french toast! The regular and crab cake Benedict are also amazing!! 
This place is cash only but they have an atm inside so no worries if you forget to stop by the bank! 
Definitely a must go!I really want to really like this place. They give huge portions of food and it's delicious! I'd recommend the red velvet pancakes, creme brulee french toast, kitchen sink, and eggs benedict. The lox benedict comes with a LOT of lox (dare I say, too much?).
However, there's a long, boring, uncomfortable wait in crowded, confined areas or outside with no seating area; rushed and frenzied service, and extra fees for (organic_ take out boxes.
Although this place is delicious and I would love to come here every week, it gets 3 stars for all the downfalls listed above. I'd prefer to get take out instead of having to wait and eat so quickly to make room for the next round of customers, but there's a fee you have to pay because the restaurant wants to be environmentally conscious..This is the first time I've been here and my server Nate made the experience all the better! He was charismatic and collected despite the rush! He even added a fun topping on our amazing silver dollar pancakesLiterally the best brunch food ever!!! I loved this place! My boyfriend and I had the chicken and waffles Benedict and he had the kitchen sink, and they were delicious! A little bit of a wait to sit down but it was a really nice fall Sunday so everyone was out so it's understandable! I would definitely go there again! I love this place and wild go there every Sunday!SOLID 4 stars. 
I've read reviews about people waiting a very long time to be seated. I'm not sure why that was not my experience. I believe my boyfriend and I waited about 5 minutes one time we went, and another time we had a table of 5 and we waited just about the same.
We always have the same nice lady as our waitress, we really need to catch her name. The service is attentive, swift and I have no complaints.
The first time I went I got eggs benedict, and my boyfriend got the Red Velvet Pancakes ( I was feeling a bit more savory this time around). My eggs benedict was very good, poached perfectly and everything else was a little above standard. Nothing crazy, but very good and worth the $9. 
Oh my sweet baby jesus, my boyfriend's red velvet pancakes were delicious! They tasted very good. Unlike places that use food coloring for chocolate cake and call it red velvet, this one actually tasted genuine. I truly enjoyed stealing some bites of his.
Upon another return, I was the fatass yet again who ordered the kitchen sink. And my god, it truly IS THE KITCHEN SINK. My bf and I are pretty similar. And I must say, if you eat like a guy, or are a guy.. what the hell can go wrong with BISCUITS, GRAVY, CHEESE, EGGS.. etc all smothered in one and served in a iron skillet! The only thing it was missing imo, is bacon. Never fear, they have sides of them for $3, thick cut bacon hehe. 
I must mention this, because my bf is in love with the African Nectar Tea. Obviously they don't pick the tea leaves themselves, but it's a good selection they hold. African Nectar tea, with a little bit of honey = delicious.
This was our newest favorite brunch place (Sabrina's used to be our old favorite - sorry Sabrinas!). We enjoyed the food, atmostphere and the prices were a bit more friendly! I also like how they seem to try to be pro-green!Alright so I've wanted to come to this place ever since we started looking for a house in northern Liberties but the line outside scared me. We finally came here on Philly free streets Saturday and thankfully (luckily!) found a place to sit immediately. It was a pleasant day to sit outside. 
We ordered the kitchen sink and the breakfast burrito. Their portions are humongous. The kitchen sink had everything possible to make it a filling meal. Buttery biscuit, yummy sausage gravy, eggs on the side, potatoes... what else could you ask for. Husband and I actually ended up finishing all of it plus half of my burrito. Yes, we have big appetites!! The burrito was one of the best breakfast burrito I've had. Yummy black bean sauce, guacamole, salsa and a burrito. What else could you ever need. 
Deducting one star because of the grumpiness of our server. I'm hoping he was having an off day and he's not like that every time but he surely behaved like he was doing us a favor by waiting on us. I'll definitely visit again because in my head, food is more important than service!Green Eggs should probably not be as quiet as it was on MLK day. My friend and I both had delicious breakfasts - steak and eggs and a smoked salmon omelet. The steak was surprisingly well-cooked for this entree. I'm used to seeing steak from steakandeggs looking a little dry and over-cooked and unappetizing. My omelet came complete with finely diced red onion and capers (the big ones!) Also, their potatoes were actually good. Lately, I've had a hard time finding quality breakfast potatoes in this city. Also, the coffee was good and strong and the waittress was a peach. Last but not least, the dining room was quai.. cute. What wasn't spectacular: I think our peach forget about us. We ended up being at our table far longer than we had bargained for...The 40 min wait was so worth it. Went down the street for a drink while we waited. Came back, got seated and ordered the Kitchen Sink. So. much. food. services was great and the food was well made - not overly fried. Recommended.The Northern Liberties location used to be my favorite location for Green Eggs until today when I received the worse service ever. Grits were over cooked and I had a live caterpillar in my french toast. I was told by the manager that their policy won't allow him to take the french toast off my bill. The manager John was very rude and nasty last time for Green eggs for me :(I have been here 5 or so times since this location opened.  They always have a great specials!  No matter what stuffed french toast they have elected to offer that given day, try it.  Always a generous portion & phenomenal.  Super filling!
  The first time I tried this spot I went with a Belgian waffle; let me rephrase that, I tried going with a Belgian waffle.  The cook somehow managed to mangle it not once, not twice, but three times according to my server so I was forced to try another plate.  I left disappointing because I was unable to get my eastern European cooked cake batter fix.  Luckily there was coffee available to off set my twitching.  I asked if they would be offering waffles a la mode, (best way to enjoy them) & i was informed that they would be offering that in the near future.  Every time I have gone back since I have inquired about get my waffles so & they are yet to be able to make this happen.  Disappointing.
  Don't get me wrong here, I will go back but it wouldn't be my first choice in the neighborhood!Worst place ever!!! Went in waited 10 min and didn't even get seated nobody even greeted us! Will not recommend and def will not return!I usually end up coming here even though the Center City one is closer to me because the wait at this location is usually less than half of the other (25 mins vs. 1 hr). The coffee is La Colombe which is fantastic in my opinion. As for food, I've had the veggie benedict (get the rosemary potatoes as a side), as well as the shrimp and grits. As their name suggests, I believe they tend to make their egg dishes better than anything else. 
The portions are pretty hefty and one entree is more than enough per person. Although famous for their red velvet pancakes, the single order is ENORMOUS. I would suggest ordering the kid's portion which is cheaper and a more reasonable size.Out of state visitor here! Came across this place on yelp when visiting my uncle in Philly. I live in Cali and oh how I wish we had this over here. Expect at least a half an hour wait on weekends. Parking is a bit tricky but that's nothing new. 
This review is a couple months due so I only remember what I ordered, the chicken and waffles Benedict. The waffles were fluffy. Everything was satisfying. This is one of the best chicken and waffles I've ever had! I'm thinking of planning another trip to Philly just to enjoy it again... and to visit my uncle  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯I took my wife here due to a coworkers recommendation .Although my choice of a breakfast burrito was pretty common to what was available I couldn't be more happy with my selection Our waitress was top notch and someone was always available to freshen up our coffee Arriving early on a Sunday morning seating wasn't a problem.The only regret I had was that I couldn't have tried more items on the menu.We will definitely have a return visitEggs Benedict,  yum.  Long wait, but usually that's a good thing.