Delish! Came in for breakfast on a Sunday, and got lucky with no wait. Western omelette special was awesome. The reviews are right--the tots are great!Greg's is a nice local spot which made me feel like I was walking in to my local spot in California. Friendly staff and a nice selection of dishes we went for the omelette with taters and toast. 
Egg white omelette was fluffy and full of spinach, mushroom, onions and bacon. It was a very good portion as were the tots.
The tots were my favorite part of the meal. Super crispy and wonderfully brown outside shell with a tender and not greasy inside. It is like the Lay's potato chip slogan "bet ya can't eat just one" and you cannot. Just great!
I had a side of the hash which was a little disappointing as it was just mashed up taters and some chunks of corned beef cubes.  I would skip this one in the future as it's really redundant considering you get any meat you want and tots with your breakfast.  I did like the Cholula Hot Sauce provide as well as Sriracha and Tabasco.
The multi-grain toast was very good and hearty and toasted perfectly. 
I will definitely come back next time I am in Manayunk PA.
4 starsIf tots were considered a real meal, I'd eat a Greg's every day. Greg's is the perfect spot for a no fuss, good old delicious breakfast that you could probably make at home, but tastes so much better because you didn't have to. The waitstaff is nice, there's a good amount of seating, and the food is sure to fill you up!Food is awesome, but the service can be a little awkward. 
We've gone about 4-5 times now and I'd have to say that Brekky in a cup is a solid choice. I want to give 4 or 5 stars, but things could definitely run smoother in there. I want to almost just grab things myself if I could. There's nothing worse than seeing the coffee pot that's so close to you and you want a refill...or the first cup. I'd let it slide, but there's always been a hiccup of some sort when we're there. 
Food keeps me coming back. I would certainly bump this up to 4 or 5 if the service/ flow of things improved.We were looking for breakfast food at noon on a Friday and locals said the greg's wasn't just our bet bet, but pretty much the only option in town. I ordered off menu (note if you ask nicely they'll prepare your eggs any way you want them! I got the Greek brekky with poached eggs and man was it a delight!) their specials are clearly the showcase. Everything sounds delicious, is served hot and fresh with huge portions! Also they have soy milk for those of us with lactose issues. 
Opens at 8, closes at 3, best breakfasts I've seen in manyunk and served all day!This is best for parties of 2! Super cute place with great food and great staff!!! The tater tots are excellent and the brekky bowl is excellent. They have great specials (which I didn't try this time) and the atmosphere is nice. Really great value for what you get! Everything is priced between $5-8. You can't beat it!!Excellent! Finally, a good and reasonably priced breakfast spot on Main St! $20 for two is always a win in my books. 
I went with the special, Strawberry Chocolate Chip Pancakes, with a side of bacon. Mmmmm. 
My fiancé tried the pork roll, egg and cheese on an English Muffin, also delicious
. Staff was very friendly and speedy with their service. It appears they also do take out. 
Go try Greg's !This is a great little spot in Manayunk for breakfast/brunch. The food is always fresh, high quality and incredibly delicious for a very reasonable price. And...they have TOTS! I love me some home fries but tots will win out every time. Everyone there is very nice; I haven't had a bad experience yet! The only downfall is it's a tiny place, so expect a bit of a wait to be seated.I haven't tried my food yet u arrived at 9:08 it's 9:45 am and im leaving. After being told to sit where ever there is a menu, I looked around the was barely anyone at the place, I assumed it would be a quick in an out. So our waitress (didn't introduce herself idk her name, there may be really nice servers there don't wanna bash them, she was my server and she is the one who was extremely rude to me, thin white girl with tattoos on one arm) says what would you like to drink. I told her we are on a time crunch we were ready to order she says I'll take your drink order first then come back  ok. Anyway she comes back with our drinks after about 5 minutes which is cool then we order after about half hour we ask for the food to be boxed and we would just take it to go, this is when her attitude, which already sucked changed for the worst. I've NEVER had a trashier waitress in my life she throws syrup in the bag when I ask her for an extra, she had given me one half filled container initially and the pancakes are fairly large, so I asked her if she is having a bad day, I mean everyone is entitled to that, she says no im fine. I say well you're certainly not acting fine she refused to make eye contact with me when speaking I paid for my food and said I hope you have a better day. Idc how great the food is im writing this while driving home fuck that place!!! I will never go back the vibe was awful she's literally the worst server/ human being I've encountered in a while. I was looking for a place closer to home to replace Sabrina's cafe. I'll stick to Sabrina's where they have class and business about themselves. Truly horrific experience this am. Way to start a Friday!Great place, Great food, I hope it is around for a long time in manayunk.The food is so great! I love their corned beef hash; I'm almost positive it's homemade. Their tots are so great and crispy. My boyfriend goes there just for the smokey Sammie, he craves it almost everyday! 
The restaurant is very small so sometimes there's a little bit of a wait. The service is also a little slow; but it is well worth the wait! So delicious !Great little breakfast place! Food was made exactly as requested. We had simple breakfast.. myself, eggs bacon tots toast.. hubby, eggs and meat on a bagel. The food was good.. but the star was definitely the tater tots.. I'm not usually a fan of them, but decided to try after seeing them on EVERY other plate in there.. they had a slight crispiness with a taste of garlic and onion flavor. 
Small and personal space. Our waitress was an absolute sweetheart, and was very attentive. Prices ok, but could offer more options for specials.
Would definitely come back again when in the area!Greg's never disappoints. Check it out. Courteous waitstaff -- my girlfriend had to request a new sandwich due to an allergy and they were exceedingly nice about it. Great food, cozy atmosphere. Highly recommend.Always great specials (lemon ricotta pancakes are my favorite) and the challah French toast is great. I've never eaten anything from the lunch menu but everything I've had was delicious. I've been there a few times during the week and we got to talk to the owner, Greg. He's really nice and the service from everyone else is great.Great breakfast place. And very accommodating to special requests. The egg sandwich is great value in my opinion too. My husband had the Rueben and I watched the cook hand cut the corn beef... Nothing pre packaged.Super friendly Service as usual. Good food and good price but pancake needs to be improved. It's not thick And fluffy. More like sponge. Either dough has too much water or less flour...
I always come back here.Good coffee - great pancakes!  Cute and friendly! The only down side is the kitchen is tiny so sometimes it can take a while to get your food. But its always good food!Its affordable but its nothing special. I got the chocolate chip pancakes and ive also gotten the french toast special with an egg in it. If you want something cheaper and decent this is the place. I thought the food was OK.. not somewhere i would bring my friends from out of town.This place is solid. Exactly what every town needs! Easy delicious breakfast that isn't an all day process. Brekky in a cup is an awesome idea.  Only thing these guys are missing is delivery ; ) hopefully manayunk keeps popping up places like this.Dined at Greg's for the first time last Friday. Saw the reviews on yelp and gave it a try. To be honest, I didn't even know this place was here! So glad we tried it. The service was amazing and the food was even better. So fresh and delicious. We all had the pancakes, an omelette, the steel cut oats and the challah french toast. Recommend them all! I am happy to have found a new breakfast place that is reasonably price and has great food in the Manayunk/Rox area.We came on a Wednesday morning around 10:30 and even though the place is very small we got to pick where we wanted to sit. Service was friendly and fast and the food was the highlight. Tater tots are a must they are perfect. We over ordered, French toast, specialty omelette and corn beef hash. All were delicious. Not overly salty or sweet. This hidden gem is a must try if you're in the area and have to time.Had brunch here and got the special omelet and pumpkin pancakes. Everything tastes so good. Only problem here was the service was not great... It was brunch and my coffee cup was empty for 20 minutes before I could get a refill.We had been once before, so I like being able to have multiple visits before a review. It's a small, diner style restaurant with a limited menu. We've always enjoyed our meals, though.
     I went with a western omelette with cheese, tater tots, and toast. My wife had a special breakfast bowl; tater tots topped with scrambled eggs, cheese, salsa, black beans, and sour cream. Because it's a small place the food can take a little longer, but it comes out fresh and hot. What I like about the omelette is they cook/brown the ham, peppers, and onions a little first and they're incorporated into the eggs, not just put on top and then folded over.Greg's Kitchen is a great little breakfast spot in Manayunk. The prices are cheap and the food is consistently good. Many of the egg dishes come with tater tots and they are delicious. I had the brekky in a cup and it was pretty good, the eggs were a little over cooked but I would order it again.The food is amazing. I would give this place a 5 if it weren't for the poor service. I have been here on five different occasions and the servers are always extremely rude and impatient. Makes the experience not worth it. Don't think I'll be back.Cute new place on Main Street in manayunk. The breakfast was delicious (I had blueberry pancakes). Can't wait to try it for lunch.I almost don't want to write a review because if Gregs gets too popular then their won't be any table available and that is the only bad thing about this place. It is hands down the best place to get breakfast in manayunk. I'm not sure what sort of devil sorcery Greg invokes to make perfect tater tots every time but his special brand of voodoo is certainly welcome to me. I've never had a meal that was less than absolutely perfect. As if that wasn't enough, the staff is the friendliest and most attentive I've experienced in any restaurant.I absolutely LOVE this place.  Located on the Green Lane end of Main Street, its a cute little restaurant that serves great breakfast and lunch.  The portions are large and the prices are right.  Everyone is super friendly.  The tater tots are my favorite.  And its great to finally have a breakfast (not brunch) option in Manayunk.What a cute little place! Was very glad that I found Greg's kitchen. Simple place with a creative menu. My custom brekky was delicious and can't wait to try more items on the menu.Greg's Kitchen = Best Sandwiches in Manayunk! Everything I have tried just makes me want to keep coming back. This place is a GEM. Price point is perfect and the environment is very welcoming. The small staff of 2, sometimes 3, are awesome!  Hopefully I can make it in for Breakfast sometime soon.My boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to try for brunch and found Greg's here on yelp. Got there about 11:45 on a Saturday and were greeted by friendly staff. We ordered an omelet and the Elvis french toast (pb&j, banana and bacon). It took about 45 minutes to get our food! There were only four tickets ahead of us. When we finally got our food it was decent. The omelets came with tater tots, and you'd think with all the time it took to make the food the tater tots would at least be homemade. They weren't. The French toast wasn't bad. Overall we decided that if we were to go back we would call our order in an hour in advance.Well that was super. We ordered two breakfast sandwiches (with *perfectly* cooked eggs), a great corned beef special, and delicious burger. We also got the oatmeal with berries for the kid and he loved it. The tots are quite literally the best tots I've ever eaten. The egg sandwich I ordered was blissful and more than plenty, as it had an entire egg per side. So great. Go and enjoy!So far everything has been delicious. My new favorite breakfast place for sure. I just had something called the Brekky and it was awesome!Delicious!! Loved it, small great place for breakfast!  Nothing fancy but very good!!Excellent breakfast spot, a little bit of a hole in the wall with friendly service (although a little slow to get food out so not a quick stop) and delicious   fresh breakfast options .  I had the challah French toast and a ( big) side of bacon and hubby had a brekky bowl which was scrambled eggs , cheese and meat of choice over really good homemade tater tots!! Reasonable prices too.I hated it. Tried it twice and was equally disappointed both times. First time for a breakfast sandwich. Second time I got tots and bacon with a water. My bill was $10 for tots that tasted like grease and bacon that was greasy and undercooked. Additionally it took 22 minutes to get my to go order. Very disappointed.We loved it here. Outside of Winnie's leBus ( which I hate). Breakfast is hard to come by in Manayunk.  It's really cozy inside and very clean. Bathroom you could seriously eat in it.  My daughter had the chocolate chip pancakes, which she loved.  I had the breakfast sandwich which  was great. My husband had the Brekky bowl and LOVED it.  Greg the owner went out of his way to be sweet to my daughter.  Nice guy!!  You have to go try this place.If there is a place for you to try in Philadelphia it has to be Greg's Kitchen. This place is next door to were my girl friend cuts hair and after her cut and style we ventured in to Greg's - The food was simple wonderful, servings are perfect, the service is amazing and the price is perfect. If you have time and want to try something great go to Greg's - Try it for 2014A must go! The entire staff is incredibly friendly and the brekky bowls are quite similar to what I would call H e a v e n. Seriously! Tastiest breakfast spot. I got the Beefy Brekky and it was a melting of delicious flavors within each bite. Layers of tator tots, sautéed mushrooms and onions, cheese, and eggs all under a heaping amount of slow cooked meat. Thank you to the Greg for this delish creation (that I went back for a second time on my quick trip to Philly)Went in this past Sunday for the first time! Lucked out cause it was super cold out and nobody wanted to leave their house so we didn't have to wait and got seated right away! Breakfast was just ok! Loved the coffee!!Just a quick check in to my past review..We have been back to Greg's Kitchen many times, It just seems to get better and better! It's just great to have a place relatively nearby where you can get a really good, hand crafted meal, served with a smile and a great cup of coffee too! Though there may sometimes be a wait to get in, it's usually not long and always worth the wait for food cooked on a grill versus some cardboard tasting junk from a steam table! I personally am addicted to the Brekky Bowls and the tater tots..funny, as a kid the tots never thrilled me. I guess Greg's is actually better than Mom's cooking! My 19 Y.O. son is the biggest food critic in our family. Greg's is his absolute favorite place to go!Absolutely loved my first experience at Greg's the service was outstanding and the food was delicious! The chocolate chip pancakes were amazing! Our waitress (I didn't catch her name) with long brown hair was delightful and very on top of it. I would definitely dine there again!One of my favorite things about living in Philadelphia is the breakfast. I don't care about lunch. Dinner is whatever. But give me good breakfast and I'm happy. 
Gregs delivers! I've lived in this neighborhood for a couple of years and I can count on both hands the number of weekends I HAVENT come in for breakfast. It's delicious. It's cheap. The servers are fantastic, Greg is super super nice. The coffee is delicious and always hot. 
I try to eat healthy, but I have a weak spot for their challah French toast (best in the city, easily). Their brekkys are wickedly popular, and the specials are always seasonal and fresh. 
The only complaint I have is more of a tip - it's small, so go early to avoid the wait. But if you're in manayunk for breakfast, don't bother with the ones down the street. Rhymes with Minnie's can't hold a candle to these guys ;)Greasy spoons hit the sweet spot when you need them most, and Greg's Kitchen does that in spades.  Trouble is it's not just the spoon that is greasy...and you will be as well when you leave.  It just smells and feels a bit sticky, which is a shame because the food is good.  Solid. Affordable.  Good portions.  Nice and fresh, and made in front of you if you sit the counter.  (You'll be extra smelly if you do that though).  You won't find anything amazing or weird or unique here, but it's standards done right.  
You can always shower when you get back home.Super friendly staff and delicious food!! The wait times are worth it. We got the brekky and western omlet and will definitely be back!Excellent! Went here for brunch with my girlfriend. Smaller than expected but seated right away by a very nice waitress. My girlfriend got a basic bagel breakfast sandwich which she was happy with and I got the "Smoked Sammy". It was fantastic. Egg, smoked sausage and cheese on a brioche bun with sriracha. I could have eaten three of them. Side of tots was a nice addition. Overall very nice service and great breakfast sandwiches. We will be back!My husband and I love the food at Greg's kitchen; it's simple, cheap, and fresh. However, after many visits both alone and with a family, it has become clear they just don't want children there. Whenever we try to bring our children, the waitress gets worked up and tries to tell us they don't have room for us, or we can't sit at certain tables. (For example, one visit we were told my 3-year old couldn't sit on my lap, and the next time he was not allowed to sit next to me on the window bench.) Yes, it's a small place, and it's made worse since they often use a table or two for food prep instead of sitting customers. After the third time we were told to wait while the open tables were given to other adult groups, we stopped patronizing Greg's.I've been here several times with my 2 year-old, and other family members. We have never been disappointed. Upon entering, you are always greeted warmly by both the waitstaff, and the owner, himself. If you ask me, an owner who is always present, and interacts with his costumers, is a sign of real quality.
Everything is delicious!  Their weekly specials are always great, and we love the witty titles/description of the special items. Things we've enjoyed include the breakfast sandwiches, omelettes, strawberry pound cake French toast (every restaurant should serve this), pancakes and, of course, tots. 
The prices are extremely reasonable, especially on a street with many restaurants offering mediocre food at inflated prices. There is nothing mediocre about Greg's. This is exactly what Manayunk needs.We were going to go to Sabrina's but decided to try Greg's Kitchen. They were at capacity so we had to wait in the cold a little while, but it was inevitably worth it. My husband is picky about breakfast and seemed to really enjoy his pumpkin pancakes. I quite liked the brekky in a cup, and liked that it was sort of like a breakfast bowl, but the tater tots underneath were a nice twist. I would definitely come back, but probably order fewer side items because they did begin to add up.The place is nice, food was delicious but service was slow, it took about 25 minutes to get seated and another 40 minutes for the food to come out. Our waitress took our order never checked back with us until our food came out and then disappeared again. By the end we finished our breakfast with barely anything left to drink. Food was great but be prepared to wait!The space is small and hot. The servers are rude to me whether it's call over the phone or in the store picking up. 
Someone brought me their pancakes before and they are very good. I went back a few weeks later for another order of pancakes. 
I was told an hour wait over the phone for my short stack of pancakes, I said ok. I arrived about 10 mins early and the workers seemed to be scrambling and a lady told me "oh you're early." I said I know I just want to pay now. 
THEN she asked me if I can wait outside (there isn't enough room to stand in there). Overall I didn't feel welcomed and the staff wasn't friendly, from cook to server. 
Called over the phone a weeks after that (today) for pancakes. I asked what the total was and got told "I don't know, I'm not in front of the register." Girl what?? I respond with "ok I'd like the total" so she proceeds to give it to me 30 seconds later ($14). 
Was told a 20 min wait i say "ok thanks!" She hangs up in my ear. 
I don't think I'll give them my business again until they improve their customer service and get a larger space. 2.5 stars because the pancakes are very good.It's literally impossible for me to turn down brunch, so I'm always trying new places!
I went to Greg's early on a Sunday morning, it is a very small place and we were lucky to be seated rift away. It may have been busier because it was 4th of July weekend, but it was pretty cramped.
My boyfriend and I ordered a safe breakfast sandwich: egg and sausage on rye, which was delicious. And a daring option: the Beany Weinie Brekky, which was surprisingly good! 
Overall good service, appropriate prices, and very decent food!This place is awesome!  The food was great and filling! It was just enough! We found this place on the fly while visiting from Boston!  I'm so happy that we did!  I'll definitely come back! The service was great as well!  Nice quaint spot to have breakfast or brunch if you're with a small party or group.Not what we were expecting. First, there was a wait of about 15 minutes however, it was more like 30 and unfortunately you are not allowed to wait inside. Despite the rain, my family of 4 went to go sit at a nearby Starbucks to wait for a text. However, once it got to be around 20 minutes we made our way over. They again asked us to wait "just a couple more minutes", so imagine us 4 now huddled under the canopy of the next door comic book store waiting. No one ever came out nor text received, we happened to get too cold to wait anymore and peeked into the Resturant to see a table open and walked in. 
So we finally get to sit, only to have to wait another 40 minutes for some eggs and tater tots. I wouldn't have minded except they brought out our food 2 meals at a time. About 15 minutes apart from each other. The food was mediocre at best and the service was average. Not a place I would round the family up again for, not worth the wait. Not family friendly to say the least and food was like an average dinner.Excellent brunch place on Main Street. This is my favorite in Manayunk, and today's meatloaf special reconfirmed it's pole position. I highly recommend checking it out!The place is pretty decent. We had the eggs and steak option which was the good part of the meal. The French toast with Nutella was okay, not the best.I can't say enough nice stuff about Greg and his Kitchen. It almost feels like a second home, I always feel welcome and appreciated there, the food is amazing, and the staff is the nicest you'll ever meet! The specials change weekly and are always delicious. Put their food in your mouth! Ps. Meg is probably the best waitress ever to wait. On people. Bring them food. You know what I'm saying. Words.I traveled from San Diego to Philly last weekend for a wedding.  A friend insisted that we go to Greg's for breakfast.  WOW!  My friend and I shared the Challah French Toast topped with fresh fruit, an omelet, tots and the best corned beef hash I have ever tasted.
All the food was made to order as if in your mom's kitchen, delicious, the best breakfast I've had in years. We could use a breakfast place like Greg's Kitchen  in north San  Diego County!  
There are so many items on the menu that I want to try. I will definitely go back the next time I am in Philly.DO NOT make the mistake of walking by this little Manayunk gem. Located right on Main Street, by Kildares and the Post Office, Greg's Kitchen is a small, cozy cafe that serves some of the best food I've had in Manayunk. The menu is simple, serving breakfast and lunch only, but they have fantastic rotating specials. I've lived in Manayunk for three years, and this is the best value you can get when you weigh price with quality, freshness and amount of food. I recently for a Turkey Special for lunch, and it was piled high with the freshest turkey and crunchy coleslaw on delicious rye bread. I can't say enough great things about this place. The customer service is personal and friendly. Free wi-fi is available, so during slower hours this is somewhere you can bring your laptop and get some work done while you eat.Great food-had omelettes and really enjoyed the tots this morning. There were only 2 other tables, yet it took a while to get our food. I would like to come back but if it's that slow on a Thursday at 10, I don't think I would even try a weekend day. Food was worth the wait though! Thanks Greg!Solid breakfast food with a cozy atmosphere.
We had an omelette as well as the special brekky.  The brekky is a great concept, yet for this special the take on a cheesesteak could have been a bit more successfully executed.  Simply a little more ribeye and it would have been right on the money.
All in all we'll be back as it is a nice breakfast spot.Stopped in for the first time today to grab breakfast to go. The woman at the register immediately had a sarcastic tone with us and rolled her eyes. After we ordered, we stepped aside to wait, then she asked us to please go wait outside in the cold instead. Who does that? Probably won't return.Came to Gregs Kitchen when visiting the Manayunk area. Very friendly staff and good home cooked food. The omelet was flavorful and the tots were delicious! Definitely coming back next time I am in town :)Gregs Kitchen is a dream come true. I had the pumpkin pancakes and I don't understand how something could be so DELICIOUS. It is a cute, little brunch spot with excellent service and cheerful servers! Don't doubt your choice, just go there now!!Food is decent for breakfast but nothing fancy. Service is terrible. The restaurant isn't that big and we waited at least an hour before we got our food. The waitress didn't even apologize for the wait. Won't be back.Food was great and the price was right.  Sure it took a little while for my food to come out but if you're in a rush on a Saturday you're doing life wrong anyway.One of my favorite breakfast spots! Delicious food at an affordable price. The only issue is the wait time, but it's worth it for the quality of food and service you get there.Had a great experience this morning at Greg's Kitchen. Went for 11am brunch on a Sunday morning-we were a little worried about the wait but it ended up being much quicker than anticiapated to get a seat. The restaurant is small, not a lot of tables (read:no big parties!) But the spacing is comfortable. The menu is small, but covers the basics of what you want when you don't feel like cooking breakfast. Lots of people coming in for take out orders so that seemed to slow down the kitchen. Our order took longer than expected to come out, but wait staff did come to check on with us so we didn't feel forgotten. The food was delicious, not oversized or overpriced. Overall a great experience. Outside of their control-Manayunk parking is wretched.This is such a great, quaint little spot. The food is always very high quality, the staff is always superbly friendly, and the music playing seems to usually be classic indie.  It is a tad bit cramped in there, but they make it work. If I had to make a complaint, I wish they would expand their menu a tad, BUT they have a rotating list of specials (and whoever writes them up tends to have a nice, wry sense of humor). Oh, and their coffee is amazing. Best place for breakfast in the area.Hands down the best breakfast/brunch spot in manayunk, great food, great value. 
I'd recommend coming with just one other person on weekends. They tend to be busy on weekends and the dining area is tiny so you will end up waiting a lot longer with a group of 3+.
Overall, excellent brunch spot!I loved Greg's from the moment I walked in the door. This is like the little place from the burbs that managed to get in on Main St. 
There is nothing fancy about the design which is part of the charm of this restaurant. There's only about 8 tables and a couple seats at the window.
The food is pretty good. Not amazing but good. I'm pretty much happy just because they have tots. The breakfast sandwiches are also pretty good. They use Trader Joe's coffee which I like at home but I wish they had something a little better. Volo is just down the street and they provide coffee to several establishments in the area. (Awesome coffee)
I like Greg's and I have brought friends here several times. I will definitely be back, but beware of brunch. This place is small and you might have to wait.Omg! The Beef Bricky is to die for!!!!!  I have no complaints about it! Every morsel, every ingredient  perfectly blended to create a satisfying, filling meal! Outside of the food, the ambience and wait staff was awesome. This was my first time dining here and I assure u it won't be the last!The food was pretty good. But, we got French toast and it took them over an hour to make it. I'm not sure about you but I can make French toast at home in about 10 minutes. The waitresses didn't acknowledge the extensive wait time or apologize.  We wanted breakfast and ended up getting lunch. Im not going back.Greg's Kitchen is an amazing brunch place! I visited on a Sunday. We put our names in around noon and it was about a 30 minute wait. This place is pretty cheap, but the food is so delicious. I tried the Smokey Sammy, which was amazing, but the tater tots were even better!Food was great!  3 stars though?  Why?
Read on...
First thing I walked in to see was a lady sitting at a regular customer table cutting up fruit.  No gloves on.  This is a health code citation waiting to happen.  The air is there but sweating through a meal is not pleasant.  
The food was really good, the prices are great for what you get.  Both specials we got for under $9 is a testament to a great meal at a great price.  
However, I certainly wasn't eating that fruit.
This place can do better but being cramped and not following basic sanitary procedure won't get them thereIf you don't like Greg's there is something wrong with you. My now fiancé and I met while I was still in college and he had an apartment Manayunk. We are major foodies. Every weekend we would find an excuse to walk down to Greg's for the best breakfast! So laid back and awesome food. We now live in the suburbs and are soon to be married. Greg's Kitchen is the place that brings back so many food memories from the beginning of our relationship. We love Greg's and we are actually making the hour trip just to go today :) if you haven't been, you need to go. Also, go with someone you like. That usually helps. Our favorites are the brekkys, any of the pancakes or French toast, tots, corned beef hash anddd their coffee!I've had this place bookmarked since I've moved to the area. Weekends are impossible to get a seat in, unless you're very very very patient. I always call ahead to see how busy the place is before making the trip there. Like many other reviews said, this place is tiny so if you have to wait you're gonna have to wait outside. That doesn't matter so much when the weather is nice but if you're hungry and its 25 degrees not the most ideal situation.
My hopes were set really high for this place and sadly it was not met. The food itself was very ordinary and sadly reminded me of fast food. You can custom make salad sandwiches which is pretty cool. I ordered the smokey Sammy based off of the raving Yelp reviews (not on the menu, but they always serve it so if you wanna try it just order it!) Granted everything tasted good but I expected more. Unlike some of the other reviewers I think the staff were very friendly and not rude at all. I was hoping to have this place become one of my go to brunch places so I'm willing to give it another shot!Seriously, my favorite breakfast place of all time. Love coming here on weekend mornings and getting breakfast with friends (and sometimes lunch to go after breakfast). Never had anything I didn't LOVE and I've tried basically everything on the menu. Highly recommend to everyone! It's definitely worth the wait for this amazing, affordable, and yummy breakfastTasty food, cool staff & perfectly small digs. Not the biggest place but main st wasn't built for size. Wait staff was bubbly without being irritating and the food...guuuud. So tater tots come with everything and while I thought it wouldn't be great the crisp & seasoned exterior make for gr8 company for a breakfast plate. Check out their special menu, you won't be disappointed. Had the banana Nutella French toast & was blown away. The size may be problematic when it comes to big groups but definitely a must if you frequent the area.I like this place. It's very comfortable, clean, friendly, and quiet. The food is good too. I've only had breakfast, but everything was done the way I ordered it. The service was fast too. I've seen a few not-so-hot reviews, but it seems they were because of slow weekend service. C'mon folks, give Greg a break. You expect FAST on a weekend in Manayunk? This little place is a find. There aren't many small breakfast places left that are good. Greg (Owner) and Courtney (Waitress) are both young and full of energy. They are hard workers and try to make you happy - and they succeed. Yesterday was their First Year Anniversary and they gave us a 10% discount. Next time I'll try to remember if they give a 10% senior discount. If not, so what? I'll be back anyway.This was not a good first experience. The tots were good but the breakfast was quite disappointing after such a long wait. However, the waitress was nice and they did apply a discount on the bill for the problems.Neighborhood spot for brunch! Prices are decent and food is good (not great), but unfortunately the place is tiny so servers seem to be in a rush to get you out. Will probably return to order take out because having time for brunch is rare for me and I don't want to get rushed!I love Greg's! I first ate here with my friends who live in the area, as I'm not one to search out places to eat, especially for breakfast (as I'm picky). However, after one brekky at Greg's I found my new favorite breakfast joint! I now work nearby, and have had the chance to try two different specials, and the quality of the food and the friendliness of the staff continues to impress! Just this morning, I had the Salsa Brekky, consisting of scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese, sour cream, black beans, and tots. It was exactly as delicious as it sounded! The tots added a crunch to the dish that was redolent of tortilla chips, and the different layers melded together wonderfully with just the right amount of seasoning (so that the recommend hot sauce would have someplace to take you). 5/5; will brek again.When I go here, it's honestly difficult for me to get anything but tots (the brekky bowls). But I have a soft spot for the challah French toast, and anytime they have pancake specials they have never disappointed! The blueberry lemon pancakes, the peach cobbler pancakes, and the caramel apple pancakes have been A+! 
Giving 4 stars instead of 5 due to it being a little cramped and sometimes the service isn't great. But the food is worth it.This is a cute place with amazing bacon and tots! I've been here several times and quite impressed what they can do with so little staff!We stopped in on a Saturday morning and snagged a table quickly. The staff was friendly and welcoming and brought us drinks quickly. 
I had one of the daily specials (the caramel apple pancakes) and my husband had the smoky sammy. Bother were delicious and large portions. The pancakes by far were the winner. The cooked apples were so good, and the whole thing tasted like an amazing apple pie, but better because it was made with pancake instead of pie crust.
The once we got our drinks, the service kind of lagged a bit. It took a while to get our food, but it was definitely worth the wait.Down grading the rating at Gregs. This place is incredibly SLOW. I came when it first opened and just thought it was opening kinks, but even 2+ years after opening, they really struggle to put tater tots, eggs, and cheese in a bowl (yes that is how simple their "brekky" is, and they struggle to make it fast).
Not sure how they make any money since the space and seating is tiny - they constantly turn customers away because they can't make the food fast enough.
If you're coming before 10am you'll be ok, but you'll waste an hour and half waiting for tater tots and eggs during the weekend brunch rush. Really hope they are able to figure something out.Mmm, breakfast, how I love thee. And for an excellent breakfast, Greg's Kitchen is the place to go.
I'm on the road a lot and I dine out a lot. I was recently in Philadelphia on Pope-weekend (coincidence, not actually there to see the Pope) and was looking for a nice breakfast place. Greg's scored strongly on Yelp, so I decided to give it a shot. Good choice.
One reviewer suggested sticking with the weekly specials, and I'm glad that I did. Of the half-dozen specials (all Pope-themed), my SO and I chose the blueberry-banana pancakes and the Tango and Salsa Brekky to mix and match. The pancakes were light, fluffy and flavored just right with nicely ripe blueberries and bananas. The Brekky (a Greg's staple, by the look of it) was a bowl of tater tots covered with scrambled eggs, cheese, black beans and salsa. Everything in the Brekky was nicely balanced. I like spicy, but not crazy spicy when it comes to breakfast. This was just right: flavorful and delicious.
Even the coffee was good. Rich, full-bodied, but not too sharply bitter. Nicely done all the way around.
Top it off with a pleasant, family-friendly atmosphere (several young families, young couples and a maybe local students by the look of it), relaxed and efficient service, and it made for a great breakfast. Next time I'm back in Philadelphia, I'll be headed to Greg's Kitchen again for breakfast.Not a lot of seating. Wouldn't go with a big party. The food is super yummy and very reasonableWaitress gave our table away to the other group of 4 although she said it was for us, she just needed to clean off the table. Took forever to take out food. Go if you would like to be inconvenienced and not treated well!45 min wait for very subpar food.  First visit, last visit.
Seeing all the positive reviews for Greg's Kitchen definitely led us to try it out. We were sorely disappointed.
1. 45 min from the time we sat down until we got our food. 
2. Had our coffee and water refilled once (at the end of our meal)
3. Food was just blah. 
I understand it's a small space but tater tots take a minute to fry. Our food should've taken 10 minutes to prepare.Horrible service. 
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out because it looked good on yelp. It was difficult to find, but when I walked in, the place was full. I walked up to waitress and she completely ignored me.
We stand around for a 10 min and still non one has said anything to us. The waitress came up right next to us and still didn't say anything. Soooooo RuDE!!!!
We decided to go to another place nearby, and needless to say, they greeted us as soon as we walked in.
I know I'm never coming to Greg's again.I'm generally not a go out for breakfast type of person as I've always felt it's a cheap meal I can throw together in 10 minutes at home, but on those days when I'm just too lazy, tired, hungover, or have no food in the house, Greg's Kitchen has hit the spot.  Generous, well priced portions of all the breakfast standards.  Greg's Kitchen also has a specials list, at least on weekends, that tends to have a good looking pancake along with a good looking french toast option.  Nothing incredible and nothing that, at least with patience and practice I couldn't make at home, but let's be honest, I'm not going to be going all out on crazy pancake batter or french toast.  Bonus points for very friendly service and ultra cheap tater tots.  Side note: They have lunch, but I've never had anything but breakfast.Food is good but downside is there aren't manny selections to choose from. The tater tots are super crunchy and yummy . The pancakes were light and simple and good but nothing too special about themWalked across the new pedestrian bridge to Manayunk for lunch and to check out Greg's. Great spot for breakfast all day and for lunch time sandwiches. Well made, tasty food and very reasonable prices. Recommended.You gregs are the go to for breakfast..even though I usually show up at 230 ( sorry guys). I've never had a bad experience here you guys do it right and the way you explain your meals are the ish. The steak breaky is by far my favorite thing. Omeletted are always solid and your coffee is up to that wonderful standard of greatness. You keep doing what your doing and i will continue to keep comingFriendly atmosphere, amazing food, and a all around great spot. It's become our family weekend tradition. I would highly recommend giving Greg's a try.. You will not regret it. In fact you'll get hookedMy wife and I gave this place a shot on a Sunday morning. We sat at our table and waited in a full restaurant for 40 minutes and literally no one was eating. We asked the server how much longer the wait would be and she said 20 more minutes. If you want to wait an hour for a breakfast sandwich, what should be fairly simple to make, I'd recommend this place. Way too many good places for brunch in Manayunk to consider this place an option.Food was very good, kid friendly place... Loved how the cook Im assuming owner said thank you in the way out... Def will be coming backVery small place.  They had exactly what I wanted and it was perfect.  All I wanted was oatmeal with fruit and coffee.  For an additional 50 cents, they game me fresh strawberries and blueberries.  I would come here again and try something else soon.Great prices. Great breakfast. My favorite is their brekky in a cup. Also love their chocolate chip pancakes. Get there early because if you don't then you'll have to wait.GO TO MEL'S! I wish i could write a review of the food, but I was not given a chance to actually eat here. Walked into the establishment and noted a four top open. That could have easily been split to 2 two tops. My husband and I went to sit down and we where told there was a wait. So we waited inside. Another person came in and again was told there was a wait. All while we are staring at this EMPTY table. The wait staff then asked us to wait outside because we were blocking the door. So instead we took our business elsewhere. The place did not have a line out the door they were not crazy busy, but they were so rude. So we took our business else where.Babbbbbbbbyyyyyyyy! It is like having your mother and/or grandmother cook you breakfast in the morning. FRESH EVERYTHING!Great diner. Extremely cute setting. Small, quaint. The food is delicious and the service is wonderful. Very clean (restroom included). I had the smoky sammie and the wifey had a turkey bacon, egg, and cheese on a bagel.
The food was absolutely outstanding. Best food after a long night of drinking at a Halloween party in Manayunk. The outside didn't look like much but what a surprise. The place came highly recommended from my sister.
Last comment. This may have been the best service I have ever had. Anywhere.
Breakfast. Lunch. Winner!Great food and aura.  Really enjoyed my breakfast.  They have a menu of specials that change often.  Dishes are very affordable. Staff was very friendly.  Food was fresh and hot.  Definitely coming back to this place.The hubs and I have wanted to check this place out for some time, however there is usually a wait, and there isn't room inside to do so. Today we stopped in and there were free tables, huzzah! I opted for the salsa brekky (tater tot base, scrambled eggs, chives, sour cream, cheese, and salsa) and my husband got the chocolate strawberry pancakes. Both were absolutely amazing! Pancakes were light and fluffy. The salsa brekky was a perfect balance of flavors. The coffee was also good, so the meal gets some bonus points. Bring your patience if you come here, because as my mother says, "good food takes time." I liked being able to watch them prepare the food in the open kitchen, but it definitely ramped up my appetite! I saw a few folks who seemed to get a little peeved at the wait time. Trust me on this though, it's worth it.Our breakfast this morning was perfect. Coffee and food were good, service staff was super friendly, just a cozy little space right at the beginning of Main Street. 
In particular, we tried one special, the crab brekky, (a bowl that had layered tots, eggs, mushrooms, and asparagus, all with melted mozzarella) which was absolutely delicious. My omelet was also super, but the TOTS ARE THE REAL STARS! Can't wait to try pancakes or French toast next time.Unreal food. This is the only place I will go to breakfast in manayunk. Greg is the man and his staff is awesome and extremely friendly. Coffee is also out of this world.This place was an amazing find! We called ahead since we were a party of 10, 4 of them being kids and they recommended the earlier the better. The staff was welcoming and did an excellent job considering the size of our party and were wonderful with our children. We were all impressed with the food and this was the first time I have had a perfectly cooked omelet! The owner came by to check how our meals were and he is very personable.. Definitely recommend!Had the Brekky bowl. It was really good. But it was missing something. The Brekky bowl would have been out of this world with something that oozed throughout and meshed all the textures and flavors together. I was thinking a sort of sausage gravy or something. Without, albeit delicious, it still felt like something I could have made at home. It's essentially the cooked eggs with slices of cheese and your meat sitting atop of bowl of heavenly tots. Next time, maybe I'll ask for a side of gravy. 
And the french toast was tasty. You can never go wrong with that.Had some time to kill during my girlfriend's doctor appointment across the river so I hopped on yelp and searched for "breakfast in manayunk".  This place was one of a few with more than 3 stars and is right next to the bridge. I checked out the menu online and to make sure it was legit and decided to give it a shot.
It was empty sans one person when I got there on a Tuesday morning at like 8:45am.  I got the brekky bowl with the homemade corned beef hash.  Obviously much better than the canned stuff. It came layered in a bowl with super crispy tater tots, over easy eggs and cheese. So good.  The coffee seemed a little weak but I'm not too picky about that.  
I don't live anywhere near it, but if I'm near there in the morning again, I'll definitely will be back.A Cut Above!
My wife and I went to Greg's kitchen with our 1 year old son and my parents.  We were extremely impressed!  This isn't your ordinary breakfast and lunch place.  The food here is at a very high level.   This is probably because Greg, the owner, cooks all of the food personally, so he really takes ownership of everything he puts on the table.  It feels like you're getting a home cooked meal. 
My wife had the chocolate chip strawberry pancake special.  What made it stand out is that the chips and strawberries were actually cooked into the batter, in addition to being placed on top.  That was a nice touch that most places don't do.  I had the "brekky in a cup" (breakfast in a cup)...a mouth watering combination of eggs, melted cheese, tater tots, and the meat of your choice.  It was cooked perfectly.  We also sampled the mushroom omelet which was fantastic.        
Finally, the atmosphere at Greg's is very comfortable, and the staff is very friendly and attentive.  Greg himself is a really nice and personable guy.  We'll definitely be back to this place in the future.Delicious, affordable, and organized! Don't let the mass of people outside deter you...I've never had to wait as long as they estimated.  Either way, they will take your number and send you a text when your table is ready so you're free to explore the local shops or grab a coffee while you wait! It is pretty small on the inside, so be forewarned that you'll be sitting right next to other diners, but I wasn't crowded at all. Definitely going back!Great food for a great price! This breakfast spot at the end of Main Street is a hidden gem. It has that local small diner feel when you get inside. The staff was very attentive and the food came out fairly quick. I had the spinach, mushroom and turkey bacon omelet with a piece of French toast. Wasn't the very best I've had but for the price it doesn't get any better than this. Keep up the good work guys.Not impressed by this place. Restaurant was very small and stuffy, food was ok but nothing spectacular. Slow service even though restaurant was half empty and bad communication which resulted in embarrassing situation. No thanks.Great little (and I mean little) place for breakfast in Manayunk. We went on a weekday and there were only 2-3 other tables occupied. The only reason Greg's doesn't get 5 stars... for how slow it was, coffee refills came awful slowly. And once we got the check (while we were still eating), we weren't offered any more coffee. 
That being said, the food was great. I had the lemon ricotta pancakes (a special) and my companion had the smokey sammie. The pancakes were light and fluffy, and the lemon curd was yummy. My guy let me steal two of his tots... I'd definitely get a side of those next time. Portions were decent, so are the prices. I'll be back the next time I'm in the area!Greg's kitchen is a cozy place for a plate of deliciousness. The service is above par and the food is simple yet tasteful. I ordered the Salsa Brekky, fried eggs, cheese, beans, salsa, sour cream, on a bed of tots. Depending on your palate, add some spice to give it a kick. Great location, after enjoying breakfast or lunch take a stroll on Main Street or Kelly drive. Kudos, I enjoyed my visit here.Comfort Foods in a really comfortable place!
This new place is outstanding! Owned by a professional chef who now has a place of his own! And he is a great, talented and engaging guy..I'll get to the food in a min.
 or so...
The restaurant is SPOTLESS and it is an open kitchen style.. very comfortable seating, despite it not being a large place. Cozy is a good word...
The location is easy to find, it's at the head of the "tow path" right below the green st. bridge.
Parking seems a bit easier down on that part of Main Street..a big plus!
Oh yeah.. the food..one word. AWESOME! Breakfast favorites including frittatas and fantastic sandwiches etc, for lunch. All hand crafted, as are the baked goods. I'm not
going to go into specific dishes as I'm pretty darn sure you can order exactly what looks good to you and enjoy it immensely. Obviously, we recommend it pretty highly!Excellent little local joint. Staff was very friendly even though they were busy and showed no signs of slowing down. The food was excellent. Everything came out hot, it was all tasty and all our needs(extra napkins, coffee top offs etc) were met quickly. It's small so there was no waiting room inside leaving us to have to wait outside, in the rain under a bridge. The waitress that took our name was very apologetic about this but hey, what could they really do? We waited 30 min for a three top, but honestly it shouldn't have taken that long. I actually noticed the couple sitting at what ultimately became our table when I walked in to put our names on the list and their plates were empty even then, they just took their sweet time. On a nicer day the wait would have been a non-issue. Also, you can call in advance to put your name on the list but being from out of town and just yelping a good breakfast joint we didn't think of this. It's street parking only so you'll have to find a spot if you drive. Overall it was a good experience, since the food and service were excellent.Very delicious breakfast! Only gave it 4 stars since it took quite long. However the food was worth the wait especially the tots. Be prepared to wait tho there are only a few tables since the place is small. But highly recommended if you can get sat right away.Geggs is the best and a welcome addition to Main Street. Heres a tip to the people complaining about the wait-when a place is packed and busy it generally means its really good! If you want crap food in 2mins go get a mcmuffin you dopes. Its a small kitchen but im hoping for a few more veggie options!If I could give Greg's more than 5 stars, I would. Best breakfast in Manayunk, hands down. 
The staff are so friendly and goofy, and the food is DELICIOUS. Get the special brekky (my favorite is the Smoky Brekky). The pancakes and french toast are also perfection, and lunch is so good too. Seriously, just go. You will love it.Food was good,small place ,ac could be better, !!! Service could be better, friendly atmosphere.Had grilled cheese and chips.Also had toast,over medium eggs with bacon and tots.ummmmmmMe and my boyfriend love this place.  It's a cute SMALL breakfast/ brunch cafe.  The Tator Tots are awesome.  Depending on what time you arrive the wait could be very long.  We try to get there before all the college students at 9ish.  We always create our omelette , but honestly everything is good.  We go at least 3 times a month.Guys, this place, their "brekky in a cup" is revolutionary! Just a cup of breakfast foods to go! Just fresh made classic breakfast and lunch. It's good stuff!Delicious food, super comfortable.  All options here are amazing - especially the chipped beef and pulled pork.  The chipped beef melts in your mouth and is perfect for a cold winter day; the pulled pork is cooked perfectly, philly-style, with broccoli rabe.  All at a totally reasonable price, in a cozy atmosphere with great service.  This place is perfect for those in need of a warm, homecooked meal, or those looking for a place to relax after shopping on Main St. Gotta say that the breakfast options also look great - can't wait to go back.This place was pretty good. Not the best breakfast but not bad. The challah bread French toast wasn't the best I've had but the tots and veggie omelet were good. The tots were actually amazing!! Small breakfast spot and the wait wasn't long at all.I was there on an early Sunday afternoon. The place was not full and the service was all good. The staff were sweet and everything was quickly served. For those who complained about long waiting times, maybe timing was the problem. The food was delight and tasted wonderful! Love this small place and glad I found it in Manayunk!Greg is a deli master. Be sure to try his take on a roast pork sandwich done panini-style. I didn't have room after our family had brunch.  From the  bacon bleu cheese burger, bagels and lox to the dollar pancakes, he hits the mark!  Considering he works it all  in on a small flattop , is impressive, bur be patient if you have to wait an extra minute. On our visit it was a full house but the food came our quickly. 
If you like tater tots you're in luck as it is the side du jour. They are good!
This is an affordable spot on main street that has its share of  trendy and pricier haunts. 
Good food and great prices.Great food, atmosphere. Easily found and parking wasn't bad at all. Good unique selection (brekkys) combined with traditional brunch foods resulted in a well-rounded menu.
Our first time in Manayunk and definitely will be come back to Greg's. Don't forget to check in with Yelp so you can get 10% off your order!We found Greg's kitchen on yelp and decided to check it out. My 7 year old said it best, "this is the best place in the world!"
I had the challah french toast, she had the silver dollar pancakes with eggs and tots. It was the best french toast I have ever had. The staff was great and we can't wait to go back and try something off of their lunch menu. Definitely a local place to check out.Long overdue review as we have been here several times.
Food: Lovely lovely!  Everything we've tried so far (which includes the brekky, lemon ricotta pancakes, pineapple pancakes, corned beef hash, and those mouth-watering, crisped to perfection TOTS!) was fantastic - without exception.  We actually like the food so much that we actually end up ordering at least 3 dishes (+1 off the kids menu), so we get the three tastes in (sweet, savory and tots). = P
Busyness/Service:  We went this past weekend with my wife and our little one, and the place was at capacity so we did have to wait a bit, but we factored it in (as you would for any good brunch joint), so no biggie for us (and we're New Yorkers!).  Service has been generally fine for us.  Wait staff was good about keeping our water glasses filled and taking our order.  
Truly a gem of a place, with great food, ample portions and for bargain prices.  We'll be back whenever we're in town.Dear Lord.
If I could eat here everyday, I would. It is probably the best breakfast I have ever had.
I ordered the Smokey Brekky and it was incredible. Eggs moxed with hot sauce, cheese, sausgae, and tater tots. Order it.  It may sounds simple, and it is, but christ does Greg's know how to mix it into the perfect breakfast. It was so damn good I had to tell the chef how impressed I was.
I will say the wait was a bit long, but it was well worth it. It is a small place after all.
Can't wait to go back and try some of their other dishes.Everything we have had is delicious! Fast service, incredible coffee, and wonderful specials. The food is made to order and comes out fresh and delicious. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Highly recommended even for picky eaters!Second experience didn't live up to the previous visit, but still delivered. There is nowhere to wait inside, and it was frigid outside. Once we were seated, the food took forever. The place at that point was not full, and breakfast food should not take 45 minutes to cook. The bill between two of us was only $15 though-can't beat that!Great!
Had breakfast there on Sunday. It's small - only 6 or 7 tables. The service was good and the food was excellent.
Hardy, thick-sliced wheat toast, a super legit fruit bowl (it had EVERYTHING - grapes, blueberries, watermelon, cantaloupe, honeydew, strawberries, pineapple, and more - awesome), great coffee and iced tea, crispy awesomely seasoned tater tots with a perfect custom omelette.
So so so good!They didnt turn the AC on and we were stuck in the heat. Food was brought pretty late even when place was not crowded. Taste was ok... definitely needs improvement when it comes to handling customers.Absolute favorite and best place to eat in Manayunk ! We love that Greg, his adorable mom and regular servers are here ! This is a small in and out breakfast or lunch spot. Looks like some people have complained about it being cramped or not being able to be seated right away. . Maybe you shouldn't arrive so grumpy ! Be considerate that this is a small family / friend staffed restaurant and they are doing everything to run it from A to Z ! Hostessing, cooking , serving , busing etc. And for all that - they do such an awesome job ! It's worth whatever wait you have because the food and service is unbeatable ! Favorite eats are the Smokey Sammy / Smokey Brekky special and the Roast Italian Pork Sandwich !!! Yummmm 
They have a few tables for outside seating now too and are even kind enough to bring you some coffee if / while you wait for a table ! Eat at Greg's !Had the breakfast tot casserole thing (cannot remember what it was called obviously) but it was divine! Added a little sriacha to spice it up and it was so perfect! House coffee was great and service was very friendly.Service: poor
Food: delicious
Prices: reasonable
Overall, we enjoyed our food.  The challah French toast was very yummy. But we had to ask the waitress for syrup and coffee refills. Actually had to physically get up and ask... She didn't check on us more than to get our food/drink orders. The place was also small and cramped. I'll go back, maybe on a weekday when it's not as busy.This is my favorite spot for breakfast in Manayunk. Really comfortable spot to eat in, if you can get a table. All the employees are nice and the food is always spot on.my banana and nutella french toast was out of this world!!! I could eat it every day!! 10/10 brunch, I totally recommend!This was a GREAT Yelp find! We were in the neighborhood and this was the closest (highest rated) place for breakfast.  Since Yelp has never steered me wrong - we want!  We would never have found it w/o Yelp and so glad we did.  Nice, friendly staff, reasonable prices and just great food!  Greg (we believe he) not only cooked our awesome breakfasts - but served them too.  Oh, did I mention it is kind of small and the AC wasn't working at capacity that day (the repair guy was due the next day) - but lets talk food.  I went for the creamed chipped beef - best I ever had and the spinach, egg white omelet was great.  Saw the blueberry pancakes go by - looked amazing and the tatter tots are a tasty and novel side rather than just home fries etc.  Real neighborhood vibe.  We'll be back!This place is always good. The people are pleasant. They give big portions at very reasonable prices. The last time we went my daughter got pancakes and a juice, an order of tator tots and I got a bowl of steel cut oats with a banana for $11. Can't beat it. It's my daughters favorite breakfast place.I had just returned from Europe and was craving some real-deal American food and my brother-in-law was dead set on taking us to Greg's Kitchen for breakfast. Ding ding ding, yep, exactly what I was looking for food-wise. We ordered the corn beef hash and it was the best I've ever had. Perfectly crunchy, deliciously greasy, and loaded with flavor (and fat). This is not an everyday indulgence but was just what I wanted after having basic Euro breakfasts for a month. 
My sister and I split an egg dish and it was plenty for both of us. Good coffee and speedy service. My only complaint was that the wait was really long and we had to wait outside when it was drizzling because the place is pretty packed-in, but I suppose that's to be expected on a Saturday morning at a good breakfast spot.  Will be back to try lunch sometime soon!Where to begin. First off, this place is just too adorable. There's a perfect two person countertop that faces the front window, and has a perfectly placed bar to rest my feet on top of. This is important. I love high tops, and bars, and being able to be close to my company, especially when it's my best friend  
Secondly, they are sooo accommodating. Yes. Sometimes I'm annoying. I came in with my little 8oz Mazama souvenir coffee cup, aaand my hydro flask, and asked for coffee and water in each respectfully. The waitress happily obliged, and I was oh so grateful (I also apologized for being annoying, don't judge me. Please.) THEN okay so the egg white special included sun dried tomatoes. But the Italian bowl included broccoli rabe.. what to do?! And then the waitress offered to add one to whichever dish I ended up choosing. Angel or nah? 
Egg white omelette with spinach, sun dried tomato, broccoli rabe, and fontina cheese it is then. 
Guys.  it. Was. Amazing. The flavors worked perfectly, and they cooked it just right, with all the cheeses goodness encapsulating each bite that I took. And. Their tots. Idk why no one else does tots for breakfast. But not only do they do tots. They do them right. They're actually seasoned, not just fried and plopped on a plate. I'm not even a tot fan and I love them. Oh and the multigrain toast is something this "health nut" appreciates quite tremendously. 
Anyways, so after multiple fills of my tiny coffee mug we finally receive the bill and.. $0.50. Guys. She charged me fifty cents for broccoli rabe. How?! Ugh. Too perfect. Much happiness. Actually I find all of their prices  (portions included in consideration) very appropriate. I thanked her like eighty times at the counter for being so accommodating and happily left with my leftovers (that lasted less than half a day). Visit Greg's. They're wonderful. 
Oh and they're open early, so grab a seat before the usual weekend brunch rush.Great service, great atmosphere. I love how the menu changes frequently and the food is always interesting. Good pancakes!Had a great brunch today.  The strawberry chocolate chip pancakes were great and so was the french toast with almond slivers and shredded coconut.  The service was as friendly as everyone has said. The place was a great find!When there today for the first time, we had to wait like 30min which was ok we walk the art festival and they text us when our table was ready. our waitress was really nice, we order the chicken salad sandwich was really good and crispy . Silver pancakes perfect size for kids and my husband love the corn beef hash with eggs and potato totes plus his French toast ( how can men eat so much lol) everything was delicious. Definitely coming back. Thanks guys.Great brunch, worth the half hour wait, and their system of texting makes the waiting less tedious. The food was great and service was perfect!This is a local favorite. I wish they would put some "grits" on the menu. Lol. However, I respect their decision not to. All of the breakfast items are delicious. The service is "hit or miss" (everyone has their days, but it's more of a hit than a miss which is why I'm still giving this 5 stars). Give this place a try. I believe that the owner and his family are awesome people!!! And they know what they're doing in the kitchen!!!!Great place for breakfast.  I went here with my mom and grandmother.  I had the pancakes and sausage, my mom had the oatmeal, and my grandmother had a cheese omelette with rye toast.  My mom said it was the best oatmeal she'd ever had in a restaurant (frequently restaurant oatmeal is bad, gluey, lukewarm, but she ate the whole bowl).  My grandmother loved her omelette and especially the tots (which are light, not dense).  And the pancakes, which are frequently average to terrible at diners/breakfast places, were SUBLIME.  Beautifully presented, light, fluffy, and not too thick.  And not practically burned on the outside/raw on the inside.  When I was finished, I felt satisfied, not like I had eaten cement.
I can't wait to be back for lunch.  All of the lunch offerings (including the turkey, roast beef, and corned beef for sandwiches) are homemade - almost unheard of.I've been to Greg's a half baker's dozen times. The menu if focused with a few great options, specials and quality ingredients. Seating is limited but worth the wait. Coffee is above satisfactory. Tots are great, same as the challah toast. Looks like a hole in the wall diner but it serves great food.Such a cool place. I've watched this spot in Manayunk get turned over as various restaurants, and I really hope that Greg's will be the one to stick. Their service is outstanding, especially for just a small diner-type spot. Their food is exactly what you want from a small brunch spot, and while I haven't had them for lunch yet I've heard great things. Highly recommended for a quick and satisfying breakfast.Pros: Tots, I guess?
Cons: Really rude staff, and apparently a drought going on. 
I was here for the first and last time with some friends last weekend. The only good thing were the tots, which really isn't enough to make me rave about. The rest of the food was pretty basic, and the most plain french toast I've ever had. But honestly, the food wasn't that big of a deal, it was cheap, so you can't expect much more. But like, I don't know if the waitresses were high on something, but that to me is the only logical explanation. 
Actual conversation: 
Waitress: "Would anyone like their water refilled?"
Me: "Yes, please."
Waitress: "Does that mean you do or do not want water?"
Me: "Yes?"
Waitress proceeds to fill my empty glass up halfway. 
Me: "Could you fill it the whole way, I'm really thirsty, haha"
Waitress proceeds to pour literally one teaspoon more worth of water into my glass and then walks away. 
I was so confused. I looked to my friends and they were equally unsure of why they wouldn't fill up the glass. I had to ration the water, too, because that is the last anyone would bring me. 
Then one of my breakfast companions went to the bathroom, and on the way out heard the waitress talking smack about us. Like, fine complain all you want, but in a place this small, with you guys literally in eye sight, we're going to hear you. And we're going to write about it in a yelp review.Went this weekend and tried to like it, however service was slow and the waitress looked run-down which reflected in the service. She was a mess and did not seem to care about the table or costumer which to me makes it seem like she didnt care if she was tipped or not. The food came out and there was hair in it, it was on the plate not cooked into the food so I didnt send it back. However since the restuarant is extremely small , you can see right into the kitchen and not only were hairnets not being used neither were gloves ! Several times I saw the cook using their phone and then cooking , yikes! The food was nothing more than what is served at a sub-par diner, nothing to write home about. The small place was a little too cramped and a little dirty. Not an appealing atmosphere, sitting with the strangers next to you, no privacy at all to even have a conversation. Terrible service. Average food with the other options in the area and in the city.I was looking for new places to go to brunch in my area and came across this place on Yelp. The reviews, menu and pictures look good so I decided to give it a shot. There was an art festival going on in the street outside when I visited so there was considerably more foot traffic than normal. We were still able to get a table within minutes of arriving at noon on a Saturday. The space is pretty small but welcoming. The service was veryyyy slow. We had to flag the waitress over to take our order then once she put it in it took about 30 minutes until we were served. Another table ordered right before us and it took them just as long to get their food so it seems like it's just the way the kitchen runs. We had the Greek Brekky & pancakes. The food was good but not exceptional. I enjoyed the tater tots the most. They were perfectly crispy. My eggs had no flair and didn't seem to have any cheese although it was supposed to come with feta. The pancakes were average. I wasn't terribly impressed by this place but it wasn't horrible...I tried Greg's Kitchen on a whim and it paid off. From the beginning I wanted to like it because it was a place that wasn't trying to be fancy, but just a place to come for good food. The service was great with those waiting on the customers being very relaxed, inviting and actually appearing that they believed in the restaurant and wanted to be at work (which has been lacking in the places I have visited lately). I got the Brekky Burger (I do believe that is what it's called) and I was IN LOVE. Perfectly cooked and all the components went together. I have already raved about it to a lot of friends and colleagues and it has not even been 24 hours. The tots are also perfectly cooked so they are crisp & not soft and mushy. Overall it was an excellent experience and I believe I will be back.Had breakfast here, everything was great. Homemade tater tots were awesome, perfect combination of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Everything was well seasoned and fresh. Service was fast and efficient and the decor was clean and not over the top. Haven't had lunch here yet, but we'll try to soon. Will definitely stop by for breakfast everytime we're in Manayunk.After reading so many positive reviews, I had to try them out for myself. Glad I did! 
My mom and I visited Greg's during the week which is probably the best time to go if you want "premium parking" (right in front of the restaurant) and no wait. We were greeted by a really friendly waitress and seated immediately. After getting settled into our table, the waitress came back over to take drink orders and go over the specials being offered. We ended up ordering two cups of coffee and two Smokey Sammys.
What can I say about the Smokey Sammys but...DELICIOUS! The fried egg was perfectly cooked for me (not fried to hard but cooked all the way through), the sausage had a good flavor, the Brioche bun was toasted to perfection and the sriracha was such a wonderful addition to the rest of the flavors. The tater tots that were served with the sandwich were crispy and flavorful, especially after adding a couple drops of Cholula, and as good as other Yelpers have said.
When we were finished eating, our very attentive waitress offered us boxes for our leftovers but told us to take our time packing up. So when we were finished our coffee and had packed up our food, we took care of our very reasonable check and were on our way!
Needless to say, after a very positive experience, we'll be visiting Greg's again soon!Came here for the first time on a Saturday morning and was seated after about a 45 min wait. That would probably be my only complaint (the restaurant is extremely small) so the wait is long. HOWEVER, I gave 5 stars because the food is so delicious (especially tater tots) and the girls working are super friendly. Great experience, I'll definitely be back.Cute place, good breakfast and decent prices.  Stumbled on a Saturday morning (around 11 am). Waited about 5 minutes for a table. The staff and owner were friendly. No alcohol beverages, which is shocking these days. I'd go back.The service and food here are consistently fantastic. Brekky in a cup and corned beef hash are AMAZING. Plus, they've got Cholula which would obviously otherwise be a deal-breaker.Food was absolutely delicious!!! Highly recommend the tots and challah bread. That being said, we waited around 35 minutes before our food came out and 30 minutes or so beforehand to be seated. Definitely took a while however it was worth the wait!I ordered one of the specials (can't remember the name but it was an omelette and it was amazing) and multiple cups of coffee.  Best tater tots that I've ever had.  Everything was delicious and it definitely hit the spot - this is a perfect place for a meal to nurse a hangover (fortunately I was not that day).  Solid breakfast/brunch food that I would not characterize as 'greasy' by any means.
It is a relatively small space with limited seating and it was pretty full when we arrived so we waited for 10-15 minutes for a table but it was a beautiful day and there are benches outside so it was no big deal.
The service was excellent and our waitresses were kind and attentive.  The food was prepared quickly and my friends and I ended up having a wonderful breakfast.This place is great. Stopped in for breakfast, with the wifey. Try the "Loaded oats" they are outstanding. Overall great service and food.My wife and i were looking for a quick bite to eat in Manayunk and Gregs kitchen had a pretty good rating from yelp.  The place is pretty small.  I think Gregs has around 7 tables total.  Our wait time was a half and hour and that was one hour before closing time 3pm.  I ordered the cream chip beef with extra on my tater tots.  My wife ordered the two eggs combo, with tater tots turkey bacon, and a short stack of pancakes with peach topping.  The Food: The cream chip beef tasted a bit spicy.  Im not used to that kind of kick in my cream chip beef. I couldnt finish the plate.  I noticed a piece of hair in my food but i didnt freak out because it could have been mine.  The tater tots were great.  I was not overly impressed with my meal.  My wife enjoyed her meal she loved the tater tots and her pancakes with the peach topping was very good and fluffy.  The peaches were fresh and glazed.  I could tell they were not from the can. My wifes water had something weird wondering around in it.  Ill post the picture and let you figure it out.  The Atmosphere: As i stated above the place is quite small and our waitress was pretty good at first.  However, after we received our food she never checked on us again.  During our entire stay she was busy carrying a full blown conversation with i am assuming her friends at another table. At one point the air conditioner cut off for a good 15 minutes.  The impact was immediate. I started to have sweat falling down my back.  This prompted me to get the water with the floating debris and added to my frustration.  Anything else.... oh yes the my wife used the bathroom before leaving and witnessed a spider roaming around on a web in a pretty tight space.  If you are squeamish of bugs you may be in a uncomfortable position.  Overall: The food was solid the waitresses needs customer service training.  Checking in once or twice would have saved this restaurant from receiving 2 stars.Had such an enjoyable breakfast here this weekend. This place seems like a great fit for manayunk's vibe...a little cramped, but personable, charming in attitude and straight delicious. Not to mention a good bang for your buck. 
Our server was so accomodating and cracked us up. We enjoyed our meal so much. I got a supreme omlette that came with tots and toast. Omlette was cooked perfectly and got a lot of food for pretty cheap. Main dishes start at $5...yeah yeahhh. This is an odd thing to appreciate but they stacked my toast in a cute spiraled out way and only gave 3 smaller pieces (filled with grainy goodness) instead of the typical diner, dilapidated triangle slices. I thought that distinguished what could seem like a typical diner, to a nicer classier breakfast spot. My boyfriend got berry french toast that was so so good...very fresh and had the works done to it. Presentation was exactly what you'd want and more for a big ole stack of french toast. 
It did take a while to get our food, but it was a weekend late morning and a tiny kitchen. They probably always take a little longer than usual spots, but if you can wait, it's worth it.My husband and I were visiting the area and found Greg's on yelp. Very small diner but we were seated rather quickly. It was a Saturday morning, we arrived around 10am and waited about 10 minutes.  Staff was very friendly and the food was really good! Brekky bowl was amazing and the tots were delicious! Great experience!This place is the perfect breakfast spot! Small, cozy, quiet, with great food and a very friendly staff. It's extremely affordable and truly doesn't disappoint! I love walking along the river and then coming up the stairs to Greg's, it's the start of a good day.When Greg's food is fantastic. The omelets were phenomenal (way better than Winnie's). The issue with Greg's is that it's fairly expensive  and I once found a hair in my food. It's a very small diner and feels a little too gritty when it's busy. The service is okay - slightly inconsistent (one person is great - the next hates customers). But regardless of how uncomfortable the atmosphere can be - the food is good enough to keep coming back!YES! The best place, small cozy, good prices, american breakfast food. I'm so glad this is here. In a world where everything is turning into fancy brunch and "boutique" whatever blah blah blah, this place holds down the tradition of giving hungry people breakfast.I actually created a yelp account just to help promote this Gem.  The tater tots alone are worth the trip. Manayunk really needs a place like this.  Fast, simple & outstanding breakfast.  I had the Smokey Sammy today.  Smoked Sausage , fried egg, Mozarella & Sriracha on a brioche bun with tater tots for $6!!!!  Stop by on your way onto 76.  You won't regret it.Greg's Kitchen is a great restaurant.  It's right on the end of Main Street in Manayunk and there is never a long wait.  It's very cute and quaint.  The staff is so incredibly nice - my waitress might have been the nicest waitress I've ever had.  The food was also delicious.  Their Brekky in a Cup is good if you want a little bit of everything - tots, meat. scrambled eggs, cheese.  Pancakes are also a good choice as well.  And everything is very affordable.  I'm currently in a food coma right now from my visit today - it was so good!The food is good... The wait to get in is long... The wait for the food is long... The place is either not air conditioned or very poorly so... And frankly the wait staff is not terribly friendly. Have been there a couple of times and always like the food. Had a special today - Brie, spinach and bacon omelette with tots. It was very good and they did not skimp on the Brie! But I will probably not go back in the summer - just too hot in there. Uncomfortably so.Awesome breakfast food!  Visiting in town and looking for a good sit-down breakfast spot; this place was perfect!  Good, fast service too.  Had a feta cheese and bacon omelet -  so much cheese and great eggs!  The tater tots are out of this world!  Street parking might be a little tough but there is a lot just down the block which was very convenient.  Great place!Keep forgetting to write a review about how good this place is! I work right next door and get take out at least once a week, it's amazing!Loved this place! It was charming and delicious. Love the music and friendly vibe. We'll definitely be back for brunch.Finally a good breakfast place in Manayunk!! I will say you probably shouldn't go if you are in a rush since service can be sloww. It seems to be a one cook, one waitress show. That being said the food is SO GOOD and the very small staff is very friendly. Perfect for a hungover morning when you arent in any rush.Excellent breakfast for $5-$10 per person. 
My go to is the Egg and Cheese on Bagel with Cholula and a coffee. 
They also have excellent Chocolate chip pancakes.
Just make sure you are here early or you won't get a seat.I knew it was a small place and would be crowded on Saturdays for brunch, but the reviews were generally good and we had time to spare so the 30-40 minute wait wasn't bad. We gave them a phone number and walked around town while waiting. We got the text our table was ready and to come back within 10 minutes to claim our table. 
We had a party of two and arrived to find that our "table" was two seats at a bar-type counter set-up looking out of a window with a pillar in the way. Well, ok, at that point we were hungry and decided to take the "table" anyway, but I wish they had told us that was the seating we would be getting. We got water and coffee in a decent amount of time, but the coffee tasted old and burnt. The individual creamer cups were lukewarm (and not in a bowl of ice) already on the counter that had been sitting in the sun for who-knows-how-long. I figured it was fine and used them anyway without asking for refrigerated creamer cups. It was busy and I didn't want to bother the already-busy server. I didn't have any issues later, GI-wise, so I guess it was fine.
The server took our order of a Sloppy Joe breakfast bowl and a bacon cheeseburger with blue cheese. The food took a long time to come, which was surprising because it wasn't that complicated of an order and the burger was ordered medium, but we figured they were busy. The sloppy joe bowl was decent, but nothing I'd specifically go back for. The bacon cheeseburger was bland and nothing spectacular. The tater tots were the best thing we had - perfectly seasoned, crispy, delicious.
The lack of air conditioning on such a hot day with a closed door was brutal and I'm normally cold, wearing multiple layers. I had a tshirt and shorts on and I was still sweating and uncomfortable. There were fans going, but it definitely wasn't enough. I wouldn't have been able to take my parents there, for example, so if you have people who can't tolerate hot environments this place would not work on a hot and humid day. All in all, I'm glad I tried it because I've heard people talk about it, but I wasn't impressed. Maybe they were having an "off" day, but it's not worth returning for me.Food was tasty, no time for pics since we were starving from the 50 minute wait... Still not quite sure why it took that long to make 2 breakfast sandwiches and tots?? Pick up the pace crew!Greg's kitchen is one of the best places to go for breakfast. It's very small, only six or so tables to sit. No room for large parties. On the weekend, you may have to wait for a table, but the food is generally well worth it (most dishes come with tater tots!). So plan to stop in and put your name on the list and go grab a coffee or take a stroll down the canal. They also seem to do a a lot of take-out orders, so that's always a good option, too.Enjoyed pancakes and omelettes for Brunch. Had about 5 cups of Strong, bold coffee, waited about 20 minutes for food to cook. Delicious meal and will make a return soon.Awesome quick service. Very friendly workers. The food is consistently good and reasonably priced. I live a few blocks away and order here pretty often. Very happy this place came to town!A breakfast alternative to Winnie's! Great food, huge portions. Classic breakfast items with fresh options to put in your omelettes. No complaints.Had the breakfast tot casserole thing (cannot remember what it was called obviously) but it was divine! Added a little sriacha to spice it up and it was so perfect! House coffee was great and service was very friendly.Good food, friendly staff. Slightly dirty interior and prepare to wait forevvvvvver for your food.The wait to get a seat at 9am on a Saturday was almost an hour. They sat us(two adults and an infant) between the kitchen and the front door.
Eventually they took our order. Two breakfast bowls and some "silver dollar" (not!) kids pancakes. 
An hour(!) later they brought or daughter's pancakes. 3 hairs (2 in the pancakes,one in the syrup) later they finally brought our breakfast bowls out. 
Our breakfast bowl literally tasted like nothing. Air with water in it has more flavor. At least their weren't hairs in our bowls?
Slow isn't the word... "Glacial" service. Terrible 
Terrible food. Bad service. Gross coffee.
Mouse droppings all over the floor. How does this place stay in business?
Our one and only visit. I'm calling the health department.What a fantastic local spot. Stopped in for breakfast. 
Not from the area and ran into Greg's place by accident and what a treat. The owner was fun to talk to, really cares about clients and, perhaps as important, seems to care about the town/community. Told us about all the great clients that come in for breakfast, especially on the weekends. 
Food was great. Comes from someone who really cares about what they do. He creates some really interesting things, like lemon ricotta pancakes and neat breakfast sandwiches. 
Give Greg and his place a try. EnjoyFound a great little breakfast place here in town. Totally awesome omelet . French toast was great. But my favorite was the potato tots. Hit this place up for a quick delicious meal. Support small business.Delicious and oh so affordable! What more can you ask for?
My bf and I were starved after a workout and figured we needed to shove our faces with lots of yummy breakfast food. I had heard of this place but knew it was small so we had never ventured over on a weekend but seeing as it was a Tuesday we thought we'd give it a try!
There was actually parking on Main st. but most of the time parking will not be the easiest. When we walked in we were immediately greeted and we got our choice of a table. We were brought waters and then we ordered the french toast, eggs, and my bf got a breakfast bowl with egg/meat/cheese over tater tots. 
My challah french toast was HUGE and so delicious. As a jew and french toast lover, I take challah seriously and they did not disappoint. I tried my bf's dish and wow those tater tots are to die for. I could eat a plate of just those (probably will next time). 
We were in and out within 30min and as we were leaving every staff member even the cook said goodbye, thank you, and have a nice day!! So sweet. Overall this place is small but adorable and the prices/food are on point. Definitely don't wait like I did to come try it out.First off let me start by saying the food does look delicious and it is. The Challah French toast was great and the tots were scrumptious while the bacon was cooked to a very delight crisp. The only down sides is that it's hard to find parking for one... two most times it's a 30-45 min wait so they have to message you when a table is available and three it's smaller than the pics allow to see. But overall a great experience oh and ps the hot chocolate taste rich and wonderful.I love Greg kitchen , one of my favorite breakfast spots  in the Philly area . Always great service and amazinggggg food ... Never had a problem and that's why I gave them a 5 starsLove it!  Breakfast was great, service was spot on.  Yes - it's small.  That's one of the great parts.  If you're in a rush for food, there's plenty of fast food places around.  Greg does a great job with the food - everyone at our table today enjoyed it and we (A part of 5) sat in about five minutes.  Didn't feel rushed at all, and everyone in the place seemed to be enjoying their meals.  Go!Went here for the first time today. Yes the place is tiny, yes the wait is long. I thought the food was totally worth it. It is very difficult to wait inside for your table, so we walked around main street. No biggie since they text you when your table is ready. Our waitress was very nice and I'm not the type of person that needs wait staff to check on me every 3 minutes. The tables were full so obviously the cooks are going to be backed up. My apple caramel pancakes were so good I wouldn't have even cared if I found a hair in it, but I didn't. Pricing and portions were great, we will definitely be back.Very delicious breakfast! Only gave it 4 stars since it took quite long for the food, but then we did go on a Saturday morning. However the food was worth the wait especially the tots.  Highly recommended!!I REALLY want to give this place 4 stars. I definitely think its awesome but there are just a few things that are going to yank that last one away. Lets start with the good. First the location is super easy, convenient if you're in the manayunk, roxborough, even mainline area. Parking is a no problem, as there are a number of spots right across green lane, if you're willing to walk a block. Alternatively you could pay for parking on the street right outside or in a lot. Lastly, you could take the bus (rts. 61 and 62 stop right outside). The place is very clean and comfortable with nice little window seats if you can get them. Its not huge but they do take-out stuff too so even if you don't sit and relax, do yourself a favor and take your food to go. Now for the food, the menu is small but has all your basics but the specials appear to be where its really at. My wife had a caprese omelet that looked great, I assume it tasted good because she wouldn't offer me any. I had some challah french toast that was good but just a tad dry...could have sat in the eggs for just a bit longer. Serving sizes were spot on for both plates. Coffee was good, and refills were easy to come by. Some folks have already mentioned this but it bears repeating, the home made tots were amazing. Couldn't place my finger on what it was, but I would go there just for those and coffee. Me one other small gripe (besides the slightly imperfect french toast) is that my wife's rye toast was a bit burnt. Certainly not a big deal. but you would expect a place specializing in breakfast to get that one right. I'm sure if we went back ten times, it would be right the other nine but i'll let you know.  We will definitely be returning to this neighborhood gem in the future, maybe after a walk in manayunk or on the tow path, or maybe just for some tots to go. Don't miss it.Perfect spot for breakfast! If you're lucky, you can grab the street parking right outside of the place. They had a great playlist going that featured older hits and newer indie songs. Sat by the window that had a bunch of pillows. Had an amazing bowl of oatmeal topped with berries and bananas. Being from NJ, I also felt the need to get some actual scrapple - very pleased. Everything about this place was lovely!My favorite place in Philly to go! Small, good food, and good people! They serve breakfast all day and there lunch menu is great too. They have more of a selection of breakfast than lunch but everything is still good. It's kind of small so large parties probably aren't the best idea. Greg's Kitchen is my gf and I spot to go to on a nice Saturday morning!