Great coffee, really friendly staff, and it's my favorite place to get some work done.While in the neighborhood, I searched yelp for a good local coffee shop in the area. This place was near the top of the list, so I decided to check it out. My whole party tried something from this shop. My mom tried their iced chai tea latte (she LOVED it), my boyfriend tried a regular coffee with soy creamer (loved it), my dad tried a bottle of the organic lemonade they were selling in their refrigerated section (he loved it), and I tried an iced mocha latte with almond milk. My drink was perfect- not too sweet with just the right ratio of chocolate flavor and coffee. I really enjoyed it. I loved the overall atmosphere of this coffee shop as well, although I'm not sure if it's the best place to get work done or study if you are looking for a quiet environment. My favorite part about this place? The incredible selection of milks they had available for coffee. It's a vegan spot, so no dairy milk is available. However, they have every non-dairy option you can think of including: coconut cream, macadamia milk, oat milk, almond milk, soy creamer, soy milk, etc. Overall, a really adorable spot with great coffee!This place rocks! Everything is vegan and everything is delicious! There are 5 choices of non-dairy creamer for coffee drinks. There are delicious desserts. There are wonderfully filling sandwiches and a rocking salad. Also bagels are nice and reasonably priced. You can't go wrong here. Check out the mini-library in the back, so many intelligent good reads back there. Staff is super friendly without being pretentious or fake. 
Favorite!!I really dug this place . Drove in to Philadelphia found this V friendly spot ,the staff was great helpful I loved the show flyers in the hall way . I sat down relaxed for a good while  with my coffee & snack w no one bothering . Pretty much loved everything about this spot . We need one in long beach .Love this little neighborhood coffee shop. The atmosphere, the food and the coffee all great! I've been to Grindcore House 2 times when I was visiting Philly. Everything I ordered I was completely pleased with. Love that everything is either vegetarian or vegan. 
Will definitely stop there again next time I'm in town.Our continued search for non-dairy (and thus vegan) items took us to Grindcore.  What a great surprise.  Others with more knowledge of the local neighborhood have commented how it is relatively out of place and I would agree but I guess I am part of the "foreign" crowd that some dislike.
Staff was super friendly and answered our questions as we were first time visitors.  Personally I am not vegan and I do not like the milk substitutes they offer for coffee, but that is what is available and you should know that going in.  Amazing place for vegans and they will do your lattee with soy/almond milk, etc.
Food was pretty tasty and we had a couple bagels with creamcheese.  I recommend adding avocado to the bagel to add some extra creaminess.  
Book shelf in the back is very cool as well and has some very interesting reads.  Radical.I searched Yelp to find a few spots near my office where I could have lunch.  I went today and truly enjoyed my lunch! I had the Greenwich sandwich - avocado, tomato, lettuce, spinach, hummus and cucumber.  I also had the banana and chocolate chip bread which was moist and tasty!
Next time I'll try the hot drinks.  I'll definitely be a regular.Great vegan options in a unique atmosphere. They have more than just coffee shop fare and sweets, with a complete selection of vegan sandwiches and salads.Good coffee, friendly service, much better than wawa which is the closest coffee option.
Prices are fair, and the vegan cupcake I ate was pretty good.Great vegan option in south Philly. Hipster vibe.
Greenwich sandwich is fabulous.
Pastries and coffee selection gets A+Very good latte in a local coffeeshop environment, but their WiFi was down due to a broken/problematic router on February 9thGood coffee! Will make it a point to stop here every time I'm in Philadelphia in the future.Cute coffee shop. Relaxed atmosphere, flavorful coffee, vegan food - what's not to like? I was a big fan of their olive cream cheese. I'm eager to try all of the other flavors they have to offer, as well as the sandwiches.Cozy coffee shop serving a vegan-take on the usual cafe fare. Sounds simple, but look forward to coming her for flavored tofu-cream cheeses.Grindcore House is a unique vegan coffee shop with lots of character and an inspiring activist attitude. I had a Mexican coffee here and it was honestly one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had. Much of the original 100-year-old interior is intact the large windows in the front let in a ton of light. A great place to hang and get some work done and ingest vegan fuel.This is a great place whether you want lunch, a snack or just a cup of tea.  I have been here with my son who has tea while working on his dissertation, and with my daughter who has lunch while working on our plans! We have never been disappointed.  First, the staff is willing to give us suggestions and wait lengthy periods of time while I make up my mind. Second, the tea is delicious, enough to make me love any cafe.  Third, the sandwiches are great - we are always pleased with our food. Finally and best of all, there are terrific and affordable dairy free desserts.
The location is excellent for us and we can walk or ride bikes there. We find parking for the bikes right outside the front door near the cafe table.  We can walk from GH to South Street for some additional shopping and entertains, so location is a plus.Great little coffee shop in South Phila, nice service, nice decor and friendly vibe, great coffee, delicious and fresh food for the going rate for coffee shops.  I got a great little 5.00 salad and my kid got a hummus on toast since they were out of bagels late on a Sunday (7pm).  They were very accommodating and have fantastic seating in the back area.  I will definitely be back.I stop by Grindcore House most mornings. Here's what I like:
-They serve cold brewed iced coffee-- the most delicious of all iced coffee. 
-I like the espresso that they serve
-They have friendly, cheerful baristas who always make my Iced Americano exactly as I prefer it
-They have fair prices and a good selection of regular baked goods and treats. I rarely indulge but when I do it is always worth it.
-Very good quality bread and delicious spreads
-I stick to a touch of soy milk in my Americano, but I do appreciate the availability of other alternative milks.
-Lastly, I truly admire the tone of Grindcore House's politics! Not preachy by any means. The place is friendly and warm. Keep up the good work Grindcore House! I always see a variety of people in the morning, so keep doing what you do.As a new vegan, I've been on a weekly quest to try all of my lovely city's vegan options. This Sunday's brunch stop: Grindcore House. 
Don't let the hike deter you, this plan is worth the walk. Plenty of seating, good options for breakfast/lunch and dessert. Most importantly: 100% vegan! 
My husband and I both had the Kropotkin sandwich which was huge, filling, and awesome. We split a piece of pumpkin cheesecake for dessert, also awesome. Prices were reasonable. 
I will be back to try some bagels/cream cheese ASAP.Not as ominous as the name would suggest. The coffe is great and the snacks are all vegan. The art hanging in the back is good also.The home made lavender syrup is so good. I can't stress enough that this is a must try f you're at grindcore. The vegan pastries are the best in the city hands down. The staff rules, the library rules, their bagels and speciality cream cheeses are to die for. I don't care if one bagel is equal to 8 slices of bread (so they say), it's worth every bite.When I came back to Philly for a visit I was dying to try this place out.  So me and my bestie grabbed a book on a cold dreary Sunday and headed over here to relax.  
I loved the back room, my only suggestion is more couches and comfy chairs instead of table seating.
I liked the option of limitless coffee, the syrup selection (they are only missing coconut), and I could add almond milk!  (Usually I can only do this at home so I miss out on coffee shop experiences unless I want to settle for soymilk).
They had some kind of pumpkin bread that was moist and yummy...I would have liked to try a sandwich but both times I came I opted to go to Blackbird Pizza for food.
My only suggestion (and I grew up listening to hardcore and punk and offshoots) is to have a little more diversity.  I was reading and really didn't want to listen to a full hour of nonstop metal.  They need to get a few good mixes going with some lighter musical choices.I came to Grindcore House at around 6:30pm yesterday in search of the best vegan cake in Philly. Now since I haven't tried all of the vegan cake in Philly I can't claim with 100% certainty that Grindcore has the win (or whichever other establishments also stock cake by Vegan Treats bakery) BUT I'm definitely leaning hard towards giving them the win. 
Grindcore gets their shipments from Vegan Treats on Thursdays, so I was really excited that they still had options when I came on a Tuesday. I got the banana caramel cheesecake, a s'mores s bar, and (the last) chocolate cake (slice). They also had cookies and cream cake slices, muffins, cookies/cookie sandwich type things, and peanut butter bites. 
The chocolate cake was awesome. A little dry on the cake portions, but the frosting, which was incredibly creamy/buttery, more than made up for any dryness in the cake. The cheesecake was also incredible, and had I not known better I'd suspect it wasn't vegan. The flavor and texture were both spot on. The s'mores bar I found less appealing, as the graham cracker portion was very dry, and the marshmallow/chocolate layers weren't gooey enough to balance it out. 
All in all I was really impressed with options and flavors, and if I lived even a bit closer I'd come often!I love this place. The food is amazing. I've been a vegan for 18 years and this is the first coffee shop I've never had to worry about what I was getting. Their creamer selection is insane!!!
My only issue is the music. I enjoy metal, just not in a coffee shop. I pretty much only go to coffee shops to work on stuff or meet up with people. It gets pretty annoying trying to think or hear other people trying to talk over it. I would be here a lot more often if the music was less annoying.
They have Northport Fishington snacks here which is a major bonus and a wide variety of Vegan Treats cakes. 
If you can handle the music, this is the best coffee shop in town.Amazing coffee shop! They have a 100% Vegan menu that is tasty for Vegans and omnivores. They not only have soy milk available, but almond milk and coconut milk creamer. The staff is super friendly and the ambiance is edgy but inviting. It's totally worth the bus ride out from West Philly.The only all-vegan coffee shop in Philadelphia, and it is great. It has a very strong hipster vibe, there is even a bookshelf in the backroom that is labeled "Anarchist Book Shelf." The sandwiches are amazing as well as their tea. Also, they have a ton of items from Vegan Treats- a huge plus anywhere.Truly fantastic food - and they carry Dottie's Doughnuts! This is an all-around great coffee house with friendly people and delicious offerings.If you are not a huge fan of heavy metal music, not worries! Their Kropotkin sandwich, vegan jalapeno cream cheese, and grindcore house chai should make up for it. Such great vibes, well versed staff, and beautiful outdoor seating. Will definitely be back soon!Lovely little place.  Great coffee and lattes.  Sandwiches  were delicious, but it's all about that bread! 
They also do different types of iced teas daily - I love the grapefruit varieties.  
I went in once and realized I'd forgotten my wallet after ordering.  They let me have the drink on the house, and I paid them for it later. 
Awesome!this place is the best.  alot of vegan sweets (some sandwiches), good coffee, great atmosphere. worth going out of the way forThe food, coffee and service are all great.  The heavy metal music the constantly play make for an angry unpleasant environment.The chai tea latte is awesome. Sandwiches and bagels here are good, but nothing you couldn't make at home.
Grindcore House serves good, simple meals. The restaurant is a comfortable place to dine, read a book, or do some homework. The staff is friendly. Grab a Vegan Treats dessert on your way out!grindcore rocks. i wish it was in my neighborhood, so that i could be (and would be) a regular. the sandwiches are awesome (yay! field roast!) and they feature cakes from vegan treats, as well as goodies from local vegan bakeries.
the hot drinks menu looks pretty extensive, although i haven't tried anything. and i love that they have both soy and coconut milk based options for coffee creamer. the staff is nice, the space is cozy, and it's a chill place to hang out on a sunday afternoon.
yay, grindcore!OH MY GOD, My love for this coffee house goes a long way.  I am not a vegan/vegetarian what-so-ever and I still feel that this is the best place to get a bagel and a coffee/iced tea in the area.  It's clean, SUPER doggie friendly, and the back room always has a different art gallery every month.  They have a nice selection of literature, some comfy spots to sit in the back, free wifi, and an amazing staff.  Not to mention, the coffee is quite speedy and usually makes me come home and clean my house.  Go here and listen to grind metal while you caffeinate and read a book!!!My biggest gripe with the place is that the Prairie Fire is gone (unless it's come back without me knowing!).  My second biggest gripe with the place is that I spent way too much money there when I lived up the block.great coffee, dirty chai lattes and bagels ! i haven't gotten much but i've enjoyed it all !If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.
The owners clearly understand what tastes good. The sandwiches are spot on. I think I've had every single one on the menu and they're all good. They use high quality bread and, if you're taking it to-go, they'll wrap the sandwich in a cute, black-and-white paper. From outside to in, the sandwich is delightful!
The vegan desserts are also delicious -- they come from various different local vegan bakeries and there's a wonderful, varied selection: sweet potato chocolate-chip blondies, chocolate-peanut butter cheesecake, pumpkin bread, ginger snap cookies, zucchini bread, apple spice muffins, etc. 
Because it's in a very residential neighborhood, street parking is easy to find and free. If I lived closer, I would go here more often. Because I don't live close, I end up buying several items to take home with the intention of savoring them throughout the week. Embarrassingly, they usually don't make it past that day....Anytime going up north this is a must stop for me! From the selection of music, zines, local music newspapers, all vegan food and drink options! This place is probably my favorite coffee shop ever! Must go while in philly!this place was cool. came across it as I stayed in an airbnb right down the road. welcoming - good coffee - bagel was on point.. have nothing bad to say about it. If you want a quick, yet quality breakfast - get up in there! you will not be disappointed.Beautiful building, decent seating area in the back. Lots of food and drink options, everything is vegan. Sandwiches cost around 7-8$. Iced coffee was a little bitter, when I had it. Music is a bit loud, and the genre closely follows the name of the coffe shop, so expect hardcore an Grindcore while eating. 
Advisory: there's only parking for about 6 bikes, and it was full when I came.Had their mocha and it was awesome! Wish they didn't play that music but it is quickly resolved with headpho.To go to a cafe and have to decide what sort of non-dairy milk to put in my coffee is a true luxury.  Awesome fair-trade coffee, super friendly staff that knows your name, a concise menu with bagels and a true selection of vegan shmears... topped off with affordable prices and a true community feel. Plus, grandmom-approved baked goods. Love!I really like grindcore house. They've got great coffee and lots of delicious teas, and bagels that are simply awesome and a variety of vegan cream cheeses that they blend with various tasty ingredients (I believe they do this). I've never been to a place with so many vegan cream options (coconut milk and rice milk are especially good), and they always have agave. It's wonderful.
My issue with the place (and it is a personal thing, but what isn't?) is that I can only go fairly early in the morning. When I've been there later, the music is louder and awful. I went with a friend once and she couldn't stay focused on the book she was reading, but rather kept laughing at the death metal (I guess) that was playing. And it wasn't funny; she just wanted to leave.
Mornings are really nice though. I can enjoy the place then, and it is indeed very homey, there are a lot of good books and local activist literature on the shelves, and the baristas are always incredibly friendly.The cinnamon spice cupcake makes me super, duper happy. The cake is really moist (applesauce?) and the frosting rich and luscious. It does not taste sugary or artificial in any way...leaving me feeling light, satisfied and not a bit guilty or indulgent. The size of the cupcake is perfect, unlike the large muffin sized cupcakes you find at most places these days.  Please keep these coming Grindcore!  (The pumpkin cupcake is yummy too, but cinnamon spice has completely won me over).
I also recommend trying one of Grindcore's homemade flavored cream cheeses. I had sun-dried tomato on a sesame bagel. It was smooth and creamy (creamy in a non-dairy sort of way, that is).I would give this 5 stars for friendly service alone! The girl at the counter is the nicest person you will ever meet!! So friendly!! I visited a year ago and thought she was having a good day that morning. When I visited recently, she had that same cheery attitude so it must be for real! 
I had the vegan cheesesteak, which was more like a vegan roast beef club. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't quite what I was expecting. They were very generous with the portion fixings though.
They get their vegan baked goods from Vegan Treats every Thursday any time from 12-3pm. They probably get the largest order besides from Gondivas! Love Vegan treats! So I'm happy they get them! 
It's not in the greatest if neighborhoods and its not very close to center Philly....but I'd rather do than without itThis place is an awesome part of Philadelphia. Laid back, cool interior, this place is welcoming of all people but is probably more attractive to the punk type. Their sandwiches are delicious and it's thenperfect place to pop out your laptop and crank out the work your boss needs done by Monday morning!Great little coffee house, friendly staff, and lots of vegan treats.  I got a vegan chocolate chip muffin that was soo good- perhaps better than any non-vegan muffin I've had.  I also really liked the huge milk selection for coffee- they had soy, skim, whole, and almond milk.  Cozy back room with lots of seating and tables.  They also let you bring your dog in.  I will definitely be back with my pooch!My favorite coffee spot in the city of Philadelphia. Seriously.
The Kropotkin sandwich is killer, the cream cheeses all taste sooo real, what more could you want? A great price? Oh, they have that too.
Most vegan places are overpriced and, honestly, it's a little upsetting. Especially since I, as a vegan, know it's one of the cheaper ways to eat! But Grindcore House is very, veryy reasonable. The only reason I don't go here everyday is because it's a 20 minute walk south of my house and I work about 20 mins north. Days off, though, I'm always there.
Here's where it gets real: I even brought my mother here once while she was visiting the city. My mother is NOT into grindcore music, she's not a vegan, she puts a ton of milk in her coffee, etc. You would think she would have hated this place. Instead, she giggled about the music, thought it was 'quirky.' She asked me what choice of non-dairy milk I like best (did I mention they have almost every non dairy milk your little vegan heart could desire??) and she even bought a donut. Which she loved! And repeatedly asked me if it was really vegan. Then, did the same thing when she tried my bagel with cream cheese. In sum, this place is great for vegans and non-vegans, punks and everyone else.
Bonus: they're dog friendly! Even with my giant 150lb Rottie/Lab mix, no one batted an eye when I brought him in to order. It was nice out, so I did sit outside to eat. He's big, he takes up a lot of room. Figured it was best to let him lay on the sidewalk than be in people's walking space.LOVE the Grindcore House! It's all vegan, so I didn't have to worry about finding out what I "could" eat. 
Staff were really nice, the coffee was pretty good, and the selection of milks is great, too (almond, soy, and rice milk plus soy cream). 
The cake... oh... the cake. I shouldn't come here too often, otherwise I'll need new pants. I had the brownie cheesecake and the German chocolate cake so far. And they are beyond wonderful. I am not a dessert person, but I could easily only live on the cake they sell there. The sandwiches are great, too (I had the Kropotkin - delicious). 
I loved their iced tea. Expecting some crazy sugary beverage, I was positively surprised as I received an unsweetened tea (which I could have sweetened with the organic, fair trade agave syrup). 
Good music selection... if that's your thing. No just grindcore, but if you're really not into the louder kind of music, you may just not want to plan your entire afternoon here.My favorite cafe in the city to hang out/work/read/meet people.Soooo good. The people are great. THE LATTES and tea are fantastic. One of the very few things that matter to me rn.Great coffee, nice location, cool vibe. can't wait to be a regular.Love the hole-in-the-wall, Brooklyn-esque, black and white pictures on the wall accompanied by metal music, and the plushy armchairs and rickety tables throughout.
Prices are decent. Coffee is amazing. Lattes have different syrups to try from. Pastries and scones and iced teas on display are a nice treat. Friendly staff, warm and welcoming vibe, free WiFi, chill.  What more can you ask for?
Will definitely be back here to try their bagel sandwiches and homemade pastries and maybe post up with a book for an hour or two.Freaking awesome place.  We come from nj to get great coffee and awesome desserts here.  Not to mention  the metal! Freaking love itCome here often! Vegan! Hooray! Pet friendly! They have great cappuccino and bagels with cc. Many varieties of bottled juices...good ones though. I must agree with Ann C, I wish they'd have less vegan treats and more entree items. The music is heavy metal, kept low but I couldn't sit there one day inside because of it.  I just couldn't take it.Amazing desserts, pretty good coffee with options of vegan goodness for milks (coconut, almond, rice, soy - hello!!! :) and even some gluten free goodies from time to time with possibilities for more in the future. Chill space for hanging out in back or in front and a nice calm scene.Last visit here the staff was a LOT more outgoing and friendly with me. I can't help but feel like when I walk in somewhere with my big belly and beard I give off a "typical South Philly guy" vibe, and that in a place like this where everyone thinks incredibly highly of their alterna-ness, they assume I'm going to be a pain in their ass and treat me like crap from the start. On this particular trip I was queeny as hell from the get-go, and it seemed like their attitudes changed dramatically because of this. I guess that's a good thing. So the better attitude plus the amazingly delicious grapefruit tea (no mint) makes me upgrade by a star.My roommate and I ventured out to the lovely grindcore house for the first time last sunday. It was even better than I expected!
the girl behind the counter was super sweet and answered all of my many questions. they have so many amazing looking vegan sweet treats, but I was in a savory mood so I got a bagel with cream cheese, tomato and avacado. Simple, delicious and cheap! 
I can't wait to go back again and try the sweet stuff!Cold brew coffee and their sandwiches, especially the Emma's Delight, Seitan, and Kropotkin are all so great.what's not to love about philadelphia's primiere VEGAN coffeehouse?! for starters, i must say i'm pretty happy wherever soy milk is an option at a coffee shop. this place has two carafes of it out, as well as THREE other non-dairy creamers (almond, rice, and coconut.) and no regular dairy creamers. dairy be damned! the couch in the back is super comfy. i can see why some might think the coffee tastes a little burnt, but it's more of an extra-strong roast than a burnt flavor to me. i'll get coffee that's been sitting out all day from shady little bodegas in the hood, so i don't really care. to me it's all about the atmosphere. good music + good company + soft comfy couch = good times.I like this place more each time I walk in, prices are great and staff is friendly. The coffee and lattes are really good.
 Try a bagel with one of their varieties of flavored cream cheese, an everything bagel with jalapeno cream cheese is my favorite.I found this place while waiting for my oil change! How lucky am I?! I ordered a iced chai latte and a Greenwich which had salad, tomato, cucumber avocado and hummus (you can go wrong adding avocado to any food!). This place is a vegan place and eating there made me feel very healthy! The food was good and the price was reasonable. I will definitely go back to Grindcore house.I crashed at my friends place and was finally able to go here after hearing about it forever. I am very glad he led the way because I would have never found it on my own. It's tucked away all cozy, just waiting for you t show up and partake. And partake I did!! 
I can't think of anything to complain about with this place. It was clean, well staffed, well stocked!, warm and inviting. The coffee was great, the choices of additives was great, and the bagel was great!! I didn't have any food so I cannot comment on it, but the cakes looked tasty!! I LOVE Carrot Cake, and knowing it's Vegan allows me, if I like it, which I'm sure I will, to go for a second slice without too much guilt just like I did the coffee!!
 I like the fact they play that type of music because it's goes against the grain and gives it character. And really, when do you ever hear this music unless YOU or someone you know puts it on? And for anybody who might complain about it, A. It's not the only music they play, & B. Deal with it just I have to every time I go to a restaurant or bar and really god awful hip hop is blaring.
Also, I like the swag. I really have to crash again so I can go back and buy a mug and Tshirt!! They're cool! And as noted in other reviews, rotating art gallery!! 
Tasty, full of character, clean, local, what's not to like?
GO!!! GO NOW!!!The incredibly friendly staff and non-judgmental atmosphere of this place are so welcoming. I've spent a lot of time in coffeeshops over the course of college and grad school, and at some point the snotty baristas and cranky clientele of many cafes just start to seem normal. Stepping in here was a breath of fresh air. The back room is a nice space to do some work or read.
I'm not vegan, but I've enjoyed everything I've tried from the menu. The sandwiches are filling and really pretty cheap for how big they are. Drinks are crafted with care. 
Rotating art, nice people, dog friendly. I like it.I can only speak on the coffee and vibe of the café (not the food). 
My experience was great...wandered around South Philly stumbling upon this gem on a cold Sunday. Went inside...warm air hit my skin, aromatic smells of fresh coffee brewing invaded my nose, and dogs with their owners caught my eyes (pet friendly). 
I enjoyed a white chocolate latte with a perfect balance of foam, cream, coffee and sweetness balance. I sat next to the large front window and people watched, occasionally playing with the dogs passing in and out of the shop. 
Friendly service, great coffee, cozy environment. I will be back!Two and a half stars. Here's the reality: I'm not the target audience. Efficient staff, dog-friendly, lots of street parking in the area, some comfy seating in the back, and a couple tables in front and out front. Pretty latte art on my chai latte, which defaulted to soy milk (definitely would recommend any other milk substitute in this beverage). I've tasted better soy lattes elsewhere, and had to force myself to finish it during our long drive home. Baked goods were hedonistically oversized enough to share, but we were pretty disappointed at the lackluster flavor of the glazed horchata donut. There's a drought of java joints in this neighborhood, but I really regretted not fueling up on caffeine while we were still in Center City.Wow. So I went here for the first time yesterday and I was really impressed! The cafe has a really open and welcoming front space, and also a nice comfortable back area full of a couch and great tables for working or hanging with friends. There are also tons of outside tables as well! 
I ordered their bottomless coffee (which is always a nice offering). The coffee tasted spot on. I then took a look at the food menu. I am not vegan/vegetarian, so at times I am off put by places that only offer these options. But I have to say the food was EXCELLENT. I ordered the 
Grenwich sandwich on ciabatta. And the sandwich was delicious. All the ingredients (including the bread) were all fresh and very tasty and refreshing. I saw the salad, and it looked great and I will definitely be back to try that. 
The prices are spot on. The staff are all very kind and cheerful. And the low volume punk music/vibe w. the cool punk grafitti art, mixed with the cozy bright back, and library of books, creates a nice vibe.
I recommend!This was a nice find.  The menu feels a bit limited but what I had was quite tasty.  I had the seitan on sourdough sandwich and a huge chocolate chip cookie.  The staff was very friendly and patient, particularly since I was a newbie there.  It's def a good find if you'd like to ditch the Starbucks or Dunkin prices and experience.What a selection of tasty treats! Had the seitan sandwich, which had a nice zing to it. More importantly, we tried several desserts: cannoli, french silk cheesecake and a chocolate chip cookie sandwich. My wife commented that it was the best nondairy cheesecake that she's had. I loved the cannoli. The cookie sandwich was good, not great. We'll be back for sure.Grindcore House opened up down the street from my house not too long ago. It's a neat little coffeeshop that serves and exclusively vegan menu. I'm a confirmed carnivore, but to each his own.
Grindcore is convenient to the Route 29 bus so I've stopped in on my way into work a few times this summer. The staff is always friendly, prompt and helpful. I've only had to wait to be served once, and only because I was behind several other customers.
They offer a completely vegan menu. I haven't had any of the food, but the menu has a good selection of vegan versions of standard coffeeshop fare. There are also some gluten-free baked goods. I mostly get an iced coffee when I go in (b/c it's summer and its hot out!). The coffee is fantastic and strong, just the way I like it. I take my coffee black, so the lack of milk isn't a problem for me.
The whole vegan/green business part of the operation seems well thought out. They use special takeout cups that are compostable, for instance. They also offer a wide selection of non-dairy milks for your beverage (soy, almond, etc). That's an especially nice touch. The place seems busy for the neighborhood, so I hope it sticks around for a while and I get to enjoy it some more!Good coffee and bagels. Lots of vegan milks. Lots of space in the back to hang out. Loud, Heavy punk/screamo was a little too much to bare with morning coffee, almost left. A shame, know it's supposed to be a punk coffee shop, just very niche - limits the average person.The coffee was lukewarm and pricey. There were no decent creamers (and i know its a vegan spot but decent vegan creamers exist). The death metal they played was way too loud and it felt like a punk hard rock cafe. people there just tried **way** too hard. Good library!I absolutely love this place and I am not even vegan. Ordered a lavender iced latte with oak milk and could not have drank it fast enough! The staff is very friendly and there's a lot of seating space.I finally had a chance to go here and give this place a try. After my 1st experience here, I will probably come back again. The staff are incredibly friendly and make you feel welcomed as soon as you walk in. The white chocolate mint latte was awesome and I enjoyed the chocolate chip scones. I am not even vegan and I enjoyed the snacks they had. Maybe next time I will try one of their sandwiches.
Also had to add this, but I enjoy that their name reflects the music they play. Nothing better than relaxing while drinking a cup of coffee with grindcore playing in the background.I'm not a vegan, but this is quickly becoming my favorite coffee shop in town. 
Good coffee, super friendly staff. The sandwiches are tasty and hearty. The baked goods are delicious. The rooms are beautiful and tidy and spacious. There are interesting books and zines for browsing. There is artwork on display and for sale (at reasonable prices). You get the option of a bottomless cup of coffee for a few cents more than the regular cup. Oh, and wifi, naturally. This place has pretty much everything I look for in a coffee shop. Well done!Grindcore House is a great place to get coffee and listen to a interesting  selection of music. Ranging from mellow indie rock to grindcore (how ironic!).
The building seems very old and has a cool vibe to it. The architecture alone is reason enough to stop in for a cup of coffee. The front has one of the old wooden walk-in refrigerators and cute kitchen area. The back seating area has a homely feel to it. There is a ton of seating with several desks to do work on. The artwork throughout the place is really nice and adds even more character.  
I'm not sure what coffee they use, but it is fairly strong and tasty. They have a nice assortment of milk and creams available as well.
I can see myself becoming a regular here, its a great atmosphere and everyone there was very nice.My original review from 13 Jul 2012
Grindcore House
If you like (1) vegan food, (2) heavy metal, or (3) both, then you might like Grindcore House. I'm a huge fan of bagels with vegan cream cheese for breakfast and Grindcore House certainly delivers on that. I was shocked to see all of the vegan options, there were several bagel options and SEVERAL vegan cream cheese options! I ended up getting the scallion cream cheese on one side and jalapeno on the other. The scallion was certainly the winner. Overall, the cream cheese's were really good but I've had better bagels elsewhere in the city...I only wish I could get the bagel from one place and the cream cheese from Grindcore (easily). I also tried their matte late and thought it was average. In conclusion, I say give it a try if your close by.I don't consider myself that old, however, I suppose this review will end up being a testament to my increasing age. At the risk of sounding like Mr. Wilson from Dennis the Menace, I have to be honest from my perspective. After hearing great reviews about Grindcore's vegan options, I decided to come to Grindcore to meet with some people for some conversation related to our work. While my initial intention for coming here was to be mindful and welcoming to our vegan friend, I guess I should have known better than to come to a place named Grindcore with "conversation" in mind. I read a reviewer here write that the metal music blasting in the background eventually became "white noise" to him. Holy cow. I would hate to know what kind of sleep noise machine he has next to his bed at night. With the level the music was playing at, it was nearly impossible to converse. We were basically yelling at each other from across the table. I have no problem with the genre of music, but it was just so loud. I would come back here in the spring or summer months because while I did enjoy the coffee and food, I would have to sit my old self outside. It was just too loud in there. Coffee houses are usually places people come to work, study, converse, meet, etc. I can't imagine people working or studying with the level the music is playing at unless they sat in the bathroom the entire time.great service, treat selection and ambiance. love the large selection of cream cheeses; however, I wish they had a larger selection of savory food, especially for breakfastCame here one morning for a sandwich and coffee. Awesome selection of creative vegan sandwiches, and both of us were super impressed with each of ours. They run $6-8, which is very reasonable. Loved the grindcore / metal theme of the place too. Recommended.Vegan happy place. Great coffee, sweet treats, and the sandwiches are also tasty. 
Lots of seating in the back, and I love the photos that they have on the walls of adoptable cats & dogs.I applaud these folks for setting up shop down here in Pennsport where the coffeehouse options are few and far between. The food and drinks are tasty (this coming from a non-vegan!) and the staff is attentive. The space is also homey and inviting aesthetically.
But the noise is another story. I went into Grindcore this morning (it's half a block from my house) with the intention of getting some work done. I ordered my green tea (peach) and sat down. The pleasant twee of Belle and Sebastian was playing. Perfect for a rainy, Wednesday morning at 8am. But then, five minutes after settling in, there was an abrasive shift: they almost immediately shuffled over to some loud, shrieking hardcore "music." Needless to say, it was such an assault on the auditory senses that I ended up leaving.
I did briefly consider saying something to the folks behind the counter. But I was conflicted; as a friend reminded me on Facebook, "Well, 'grindcore,' according to Wikipedia, is 'an extreme genre of music that draws inspiration from some of the most abrasive genres - including extreme metal, industrial music, noise music and the more extreme varieties of hardcore punk.' You gotta give it to them -- there's no false advertising!" 
Fair enough, I suppose. But if they want my patronage, I do have a basic request: Can we keep it to "inside" noise until at least 10am? That'd be sweet.Coffee is good. They are a vegan place so they have (in addition to normal coffee fixins) almond milk, soy milk, and agave nectar. 
They have a bunch of sandwiches and bagel breakfasts along with vegan muffins and pastries. The Greenwich sandwich (pronounced "Green" "witch") is very very tasty and more than satisfying in size.Live the sandwiches!!! I'm not a vegan but everything I've had here is great!!! So happy to have this gem a couple blocks from my houseGreat local vegan coffee shop totally got it right. The staff are all super friendly. In addition to great vibes, great coffee and vegan food, it's also a great meet up or study spot. There's extra chairs and tables in the back with a big couch and some great reading material.Support this place! Coffee lattes tea all good. Food wise and treats wise this spot kills the game! Shout out to beka! Bottom less cup and a bagel with cream cheese standard order and I'm never disappointed. Away from all the center cityness and in a cutty area good to hang all day or even get something to go.Good coffee, delicious vegan baked goods, plenty of room in back to get work done without feeling cramped. Note, their theme is grindcore, so if you aren't into punk rock/metal music the atmosphere might not be for you!Grindcore house is my favorite place to grab coffee and a quick bite. They usually have two kinds of hot coffee you can choose from, and both choices are usually excellent. The food here is great, especially the Greenwich and kropotkin. Service is always super friendly and the space itself is great. Great for vegans and non-vegans alike.Totally respect the vegan thing but you just can't put almond, coconut, or soy milk in coffee. It doesn't blend. I'm not a vegan and did not know this was a vegan cafe. I just walked in on the way to wherever I was going to grab a cup of coffee. The guy behind the counter looked like I asked for a bloody slab of meat when I asked for half and half. This place is cute but a little too pretentious for me.Yes.  I'm glad this place exists.  I went her twice during my short 3-day stint in Philly.  My friend lives on the south side, and I didn't know what was in the area.  I came across Grindcore House by chance, but it was really amazing.  Very friendly staff, total hipster vibe.  Vegan food and coffee drinks.  I had two delicious sandwiches here also.  Can I ask for more?  I cannot.  A+, Grindcore House.  I hope you're still kicking out the jams when I visit Philly again.I'm a fan. Coffee is great and the one time I had a bagel it was good. The only downside is the music.  It's a little loud for my tastes, but by no means deafening. 
Seriously- the coffee is great.I find this place to be nothing special. Vegan coffeehouses are super trendy and a dime a dozen. Usually they're overpriced but not super expensive, with similar trendy decor and staff and patrons you can't distinguish between from one joint to the next.
That's Grindcore House in a nutshell. The food is fine. The drinks are fine. The seating is fine. The internet connection works well. There's absolutely nothing special going on.
Maybe my opinion would rise a star if I felt like the staff were a little more outgoing. I'm much more inclined to become a regular somewhere if the staff smile or are a little bit interested in my existence. By no means are the ladies I have encountered here unkind or rude, but they do seem entirely uninterested. That doesn't leave me salivating to return more frequently.
(Another minor downside is the early closing time. If this place were open til 1AM, it would literally triple how much I spend there as it is the nearest coffee house to my home.)The staff is always excellent and friendly. I'm here at least once a week, usually a couple times, and love to get my fill of doughnuts on Thursdays!
The hot chocolate is great and you can even get it customized with the flavoring syrups, my personal favorites have been the mint and the toasted marshmallow! Get it with whipped cream and sprinkle some cocoa powder on top at the sidebar.
Grab a coconut bun or sticky bun to take home for breakfast the next morning!BEST FOR VEGAN CREAM CHEESE
a short poem 
julia says it's best for...
bagels and vegan cream cheese 
i say black coffeeMy first visit turned out wonderful. . People were great and service was nice and quick 
I got the Greenwich sandwich on ciabatta. Sandwich filled with avocado, spinach , hummus , tomatoes and cucumber. A healthy , filling and refreshing brunch to start the day. Paired it with chai latte and it was one great meal. 
I would come back here  for sure.Good coffee, good sandwiches, nice staff, a lot of room in the back to sit down. You can bring in your dogs just to order food or coffee or sit outside but you cant bring them to the back seating areasProbably my favorite coffeeshop. I love the neighborhood. I can start my day at this chill spot and then head to my favorite park right down the street. (dickinson square) A great place to hang out with your friends or just pull up your laptop and get some work done...or not get some work done. I definitly recommend.THE vegan coffeehouse. Even serve a mean hot chocolate. Cows and humans alike love this place. Just need to swat the gnats in the back room.great coffee, dirty chai lattes and bagels ! i haven't gotten much but i've enjoyed it all !Love their vanilla chai lattes can't wait to try their other menu items. The cream cheeses are always so good. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. My dogs love walking to this sweet spotI am SO SO SO very happy that this place exists. I can't even begin to tell you how much my lovely neighborhood of Pennsport NEEDED some place for us to hang out. There is basically nothing by sketchy bars and seedy bodegas and while I do find the charm in that, I can't really study or get coffee or something mildly healthy to eat at those places. Thank you for existing, Grindcore House. Thank you thank you thank you THANK YOU. 
Anyway, this place is still in kind of "test run" mode. They only have drip coffee and tea at the moment (their green tea is delish) and a small assortment of vegan pastries, but they will be having a full vegan menu and beverage menu soon. I love that it's all vegan, too. Using coconut milk to sweet coffee is the most amazing in thing in the world and this is one of the few places that makes it happen. I haven't tried their pastries yet but my dear friend Caitlin V. loved her zucchini bread. I'm looking forward to see what they do in terms of a menu in the future. 
The space itself is also really nice. It looks a lot smaller than it is but there is a back room that is a really cozy, homey, and relaxed space. They also have art showings there so if you're an artist I'd jump on it now - I have a feeling it may get hard to show in here soon. 
Also, this may be kind of a "duh" statement but they really do play grindcore here. Not my bag and kind of makes studying hard but at least they mix it up with something mellow. Otherwise this would not be a good place to study. 
Their hours, at least for now, are 3-8. Grindcore House people, PLEASE stay open until 8 forever. Coffee shops with later hours are few and far between and are severely needed for us students. I already love you but if you stay open late on a daily basis then I see marriage in our future.a coffee shop near my new residence! yay!
first off: they have weird hours but they're sort of in a test mode right now, they haven't unveiled their full menu (they don't do espresso drinks at the moment but will soon!). 
the two girls who were working were SUPERDUPER nice and friendly. love that good service!
our coffee was served to us in huge mugs. everything here is vegan. so  if you want to put creamer, you can use soy milk or coconut milk and some other stuff. they have agave to sweeten the deal with. 
i also had a slice of zucchini bread. so so good. i need to ask where they get their baked goods from next time i go.
there is a big seating area in the back. a big comfy couch, prints on the wall. The music goes back and forth between actual grindcore and music like simon & garfunkel. i love when i'm kept guessing but always pleased at whatever comes on. 
it's a little hot in here. but that's ok. i can deal. this is a sweet shop.Great little spot for delicious sandwiches and coffee. This was my first time here and the staff helped with recommendations on what to order. The music was a little hardcore for my taste but I didn't come here for the music. I'll definitely be backDo you know how long I've waited for a decent coffee shop to pop up in my neighborhood? And a vegan one at that!
Only a stones throw away from my apartment is Grindcore. My friend took me there because she heard about through word of mouth and wanted to scope it out together. At first I was hesitant - something this good could not be true, and boy was I wrong.
An old building set up on a corner property, this place sticks out like a sore thumb. You step inside to beautiful hardwood floors, chalkboard menu (not yet complete but they're well on their way), a glass casing of an assortment of vegan delights (try the zucchini cake - so good), and just the staple coffee shop settings that you would find on Passyunk or West Philly.
Not much seating in the front, but travel down the hallway to the back room and it opens up to a ridiculous amount of seating with a ridiculous amount of (punk/nonconformist/modern art) books. Also, if you stop on by, check out the local art that's on display. I believe the theme is/was "Love It of Hate It - Philadelphia".Grindcore is where I go when I want to feel I belong. I'm straightedge and vegan. They have an awesome vegan menu with an impressive array of desserts (from vegan treats, a Lehigh valley  based company) and the staff is top notch-nice and knowledgable. 
...and, you know, the music is always on point.
They took a leap years ago in opening a shop that stayed 100% true to its ethos, and it has worked out well, garnering the respect and loyalty of those who share in a pure vegan lifestyle. 
Thank goodness someone goes all the way here. If you want dairy for your coffee, you can go suck it. This is VG country.Had previously written a poor review about the recent change in cake slices. The owner reached out to me and promised to look into it. He kept his word. The last few times I went in the sizes have been back to the previous size. This place is great, thank you owner Mike!!Very good coffee. Plenty of vegan choices if you're into that. Gluten free options as well. The staff is very friendly and polite. I come here often on my walks for exercise (I've had 2 major back surgeries, disabled). Having Dickenson Park right down the block is great as well. 
They do have couches and table and chair setups in the back, and window seating upfront. They have 5 outdoor tables, 4 on the northern side, so shade!
My only complaint is the music they play (Grindcore, duh), as it isn't a relaxing style of music. Easily fixed with IEMs and my own song list. 
Food is very good. Bagles, donuts, and sandwiches are all above what you'd think. I have loved everything I've had.Worth noting that the only black spot on their record was the AC.  The place is back to perfect for me now!I left my heart at Grindcore house when I moved to NYC. I miss all the amazing people, cold-brew iced coffee, and bagel with jalapeno vegan cream cheese & avocado. I still dream about this place.Yummy cozy place. Latte's were great, tasty cookie too! 
Friendly efficient service. Quaint seating in the back. Great after dinner stop or mid afternoon coffee.So close to 5 stars! Great little coffee place. Yummy bagel sandwiches. You lost me with the ridiculous loud music at 10am. How can I concentrate with that ?Grindcore House is good enough to make me want to move to Philadelphia. My boyfriend joked that I could probably rent the space above the coffee shop. I thought that was a great idea.
During a recent trip to Philadelphia, we went to Grindcore House every single day. We popped in for lunch on the first day to find friendly service, a wide variety of sweets from Vegan Treats, multiple vegan non-dairy milk/creamer options for our coffee, and tasty sandwiches. Everything was very reasonably priced, too. We returned the following morning for breakfast, and received the same friendly service & same delicious food for totally reasonable prices. I want a Grindcore House near my house.Great little cafe! My fiancé and I came on a reccomendation from our AirBNB host and it did not dissapoint. The staff is welcoming and is ready to reccommend their yummy selection of baked goods and coffees. The vibe is so chill and not pretentious at all which is what I fear going to a vegan anything. We ordered the apple cinnamon doughnut, a plain bagel with jalapeño cream cheese, and we both got coffees. Everything was delicious! If you aren't vegan you will still enjoy everything on the menu. Other reviews commented on the music volume but it was honestly so low that it was barely audible. We saw all types of people-lots of moms with young children, hip twenty somethings buying coffee...it's a must try for everyone!One of the BEST coffee shops in Philly. Trust me, you won't miss the dairy...Perfect location. Excellent music. Large vegan variety. Pumpkin lattes. Dog friendly. Yes please.This place rocks. Good coffee, great food and of course -- Vegan Treats! I like coming here to grab a quick bite and get work done on the computer. The only downside is it's a bit out of the way from Center City, but other than that, it's fabulous!Accidentally ran into this place.  I ended up leaving with an iced caramel latte and it was amazing.Spent the first 27 years of my life in Philly and I didn't know about this place. Now I live in LA and every time I come back with my wife to visit family Grindcore House is at the top of our list of places we need to go! Great vegan menu and excellent staff on top of reasonable prices. Can't ask for much more.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
So much personality, super-cool factor, great food and coffee AND they let dogs inside!! :) 
I went here after a night out on the town to grab some brunch and, to be honest, I wasn't that jazzed... because it was a vegan spot, and I've had very limited experiences with vegan joints.
To my surprise, my garlic hummus and avocado sandwich- the Greenwich- was to die for!  The bread was fresh and soft, the hummus was perfectly made and the avocado was at its perfect level of ripeness.
My iced coffee was also wonderful! My BF decided that he wanted a ginger beer (bottled), and that was even amazing!
I'll have to go back before I leave Philly! :)This place was my first impression of the veg scene in Philly. 6 months later and I live a couple blocks away.
With honest to god some of the best deli sandwiches you will find, veg or not, friendly staff, and a killer atmosphere, this is definitely a place to hit up.Fire ass coffee house in South Philly. My homie Shannon took me here for some coffee after a trip to the big box store down the road. Amazing coffee, I'm not a snob, but the barista pulled the perfect shot!! It was perfect. The desserts are off the chain: all vegan: all fire. I bought the whoopie pie, carrot bread, and chocolate chip cookie. I accidently left the whoopie pie and carrot bread in my car for a week, but the cookie was great. As with all coffee shops be prepared to see some hipster(s) working on something in the corner.Delicious!  Had a couple sandwiches - really liked the avocado tomato - and a Hubert's lemonade.  Outside seating is limited but very nice and low keyPerfection! I work down the block and come here at least every week for lunch (and dessert). I love this place and am so grateful that I work so close by!Very impressed with Grindcore's delicious vegan food...and since I'm a bagel addict, their vegan bagels are amazing.  I think their sunroasted tomato spread is really out of this world.  They also are one of the friendly spots that allow my Tiny Dog (Wiggles) to come in for a quick order, but they have outdoor seating for us to hang out.  But if Wiggles were not always with me, I really like that they have a community library in the back.  It's a good place to study and hang out (couches & tables available).  You can read the Anarchist Cookbook and really learn something new at Grindcore.   Great vegan lattes and coffees as well- A+ would recommend to anyone~What a great find!! Amazing coffee/espresso drinks, incredible service and great good. The seitan sandwich was incredible and the salad was delicious, crisp and fresh. The atmosphere topped it off. I've been here twice and I'll be back many more times!!Really great place even if you're not a fan of grindcore!
Went here after getting back from Israel into the airport nearby. 
As we walked in we were greeted by the very friendly lady at the counter. She was very helpful with suggestions.
I got a Whole Wheat Everything Bagel with one side Scallion Cream Cheese and one side Sun Dried Tomato Cream Cheese, a Hot Chocolate, and a piece of Zucchini Bread ($2). 
Everything here was totally inexpensive and delicious and most important, VEGAN! Everything that makes me happy. In total it cost 4 people 26 bucks to eat breakfast. That's only $6.50 a person for drink and food. Nice!
The atmosphere was really nice. It was very eclectic and charming. Check out the book selection in the back room.
Oh yeah, free wi-fi.
Really don't see a reason why someone wouldn't come here.I was skeptical because I thought it'd be all about creating a unique atmosphere but with crappy coffee - naw y'all! The coffee was great and so was the service!
Drop coffee options were awesome, plus there were descriptions and all. Also there was Counter Culture coffee being used - which is a good coffe!
I got black iced coffee - great.
My friend got an iced Chai - quality. 
Other friend, mocha - quality.
Also fun options like root beer and what looked like good pastries. 
FYI there's a back sitting room - we didn't stay but looked comfortable!
Parking is decent in the area as well, which is helpful.This place is awesome. Even if your not vegan you will love it. Great vegan food in a unique atmosphere. They have more than just coffee shop and sweets, with a complete selection of vegan sandwiches and salads. The food is excellent!!! A must try vegan or not..... coffee roasted fresh and locally....Fun vegan coffee shop. 
Had the Ice Mocha which was tasty and chocolaty.  Kropotkin sandwich may have a had seitan, and greens in it. with pesto. It was tasty as well. They also had cannolis, which I had never had and was super fun. Filled with creme, dusted with powdered sugar and sprinkled with chocolate.
Dotty's Pistachio and Peanut Butter/Chocolate doughnuts (nuts, pretzels, frosting) were my favorites. They were different. The doughnuts were also more like a sweet bread (or bun) than a doughnut. Super fun and highly recommended.After taking time to vent about the poor (non-existent) service at B2 as well as their mediocre coffee, it was such a delight  and pleasure to finally visit Grindcore House. Had I known they sold Counter Culture, I would have been here sooner. The place is CLEAN, they offer a plethora of vegan friendly savory and sweet options, and they have classy professional baristas who were super duper friendly and sweet. This coffee shop offers the quality coffee product like an Ultimo, the yummy food options of a B2(they do have some good food) and the 5 star customer service of a (cough, cough) Starbucks.  Who thought that hipsters could smile and actually enjoy their job? Only complaint was the Slayer or whatever death metal they chose to play. It kind of upset the chill coffee shop vibe for me. Other than that, bravissimo!!!!!Love coming here on the weekends for a great cup of joe and relax while working on school work.The chai latte is bangin. Crust Bakery treats are bangin. The salad is my go to. 
The yuppie vibe is slowly pushing out the alt-babe vibe. Is Philly over?Love this place. The selection is decent and the staff is nice.
The music is kinda bad and I would like to see more locally made vegan items and less Vegan Treats.A block walk for me to grab a coffee and the desserts are so good.  Outdoor seating for those nice days.So happy to finally come to Grindcore House. It's quite a lovely place with friendly people, vegan treats, and an overall enjoyable atmosphere. The back room is very cozy, reminiscent of the comforts an old home might bring. So far I've had a dirty chai latte, coffee and a slice of their chocolate chip banana bread. All equally delicious. My friend tried their seitan sandwich today. The seitan is sliced super thin, accompanied with sliced cucumbers, lettuce, and vegenaise served on your choice of bread. Looked delicious as well. I'll continue to come back here for sure. heart.Grindcore House is one of my absolute favorite spots in the city. They have great drinks for any time of the year - like the horchata I just enjoyed - and treats to match any appetite.
They are 100% vegan, so the only guilt you could feel is about how many oatmeal pies you eat.
The atmosphere is vintage, cozy, and cool, making it a great place to sit and read or work quietly. As the name suggests (and puns beautifully on with their fresh coffee), they usually have some kind of grindcore, noisecore, black metal, or otherwise playing over the sound system...which might sound odd for a coffee shop, but it's usually played at a lower volume so as to complement the relaxed, judgement-free attitude they like to convey. 
Stop in by yourself or bring some friends; there is plenty of seating in the anarchist library in the back and, when the weather's good, at the tables outside. 
Follow them on Twitter (@grindcorehouse) to get info on new treats and the occasional change of hoursMy new favorite place to kill time. Excellent chai lattes. Cold brewed iced coffee, which of course is the only way to make great iced coffee. I haven't tried the goodies or sandwiches yet but they look absolutely delectable. 
On top of all this the atmosphere is fantastic with ample seating indoors, some tables outdoors, air conditioning, WiFi and of course hard core coming through the speakers at a reasonable volume.Surprisingly less grindcore than expected, but pretty metal none-the-less. Adequately vegan. Good coffee. + cat adoption possibilities.My girlfriend and I visited this coffee shop on our two-day trip to Philly earlier this month. Lucky for us it was a 5 minute walk from our Airbnb! My girlfriend is gluten-free and dairy-free and I'm vegan. The first morning we both got bagels with flavored cream cheese. The cream cheese was good, I thought it was good and she thought it was amazing. I got a donut and a vegan cannoli and it was THE best cannoli I've ever had, vegan or otherwise. Over our two visits, I also got a cinnamon sugar donut (good but nothing extraordinary) and a strawberry donut that was a little too sweet for me but very good - it didn't have that artificial strawberry flavor some treats have at other places.
We also got iced drinks - a chai for my girlfriend, a toasted marshmallow latte for me. There were a few different milk options, which I like because my girlfriend prefers soy and I usually prefer almond. Very short wait and the baristas were nice. The music wasn't my taste, but wasn't overwhelming or super loud. 
10/10 would recommend for the cannoli alone but they also had a lot of other treats and gluten-free options.I really like this place-- it has a special atmosphere (visually) which is hard to describe but feels very cozy, yet not at all dingy--the back is like a comfortable living room, and there's a nice bit store front window up front.
Everything I've eaten here has been great, and I love that it's all vegan(with gluten free options, too). The vegan cream cheese is great! I also like the s'mores bars. The coffee is very good, with several non-dairy milk options.  Love the bookshelf/library in the back too,with is socially conscious book and zine collection, love the bathroom with its socially conscious graffiti.
One thing I don't like (which is kind of big) is the very loud grindcore music playing all the time. I don't have anything against the music per se, but it kind of ruins a coffee house atmosphere, especially when played so loud. Isn't a coffee shop supposed to be for conversation, reading, studying? The loud music (it's always grindcore) is not conducive to that. Maybe the owners wanted to create a different type of atmosphere, and maybe lots of people come for that. I suppose that's cool.
I won't stop coming here, but it's not a place I can get some quiet work or reading done, or even have a conversation really. However, it's other assets still make a place worth visiting regularly.Great music, great americano, and great books to be found.
Friendly staff. Great food. I will always come here.Just moved into the neighborhood and I am pleased with grindcore house for several reasons. 
1. Staff is truly friendly 
2. Dog friendly. I can bring my dog in with me when I'm walking him and I need a latte. 
3. Good coffee. The brand they sell and use is soo flavorful. 
4. Milk alternatives! Almond milk, and soy milk as standards. My tolerance for milk has changed as I grow older so I really appreciate the alternatives. 
5. No heavily processed sweeteners. Raw sugar, truvia, honey, agave nectar are out and available. 
6. Nice chill atmosphere
7. I'm a tattoo artist so the bad ass metal script in the logo, and the tshirts and stuff they sell strike some personal chords with me. 
Keep up the great work grindcore houseWhile traveling I was recommended to stop here by @phillyvegans and I'm so glad I did!
My husband and I came here for coffee and bagels on a Sunday morning.  The case of baked goods was stocked and they offered a wide variety of bagels, vegan cream cheeses and Earth Balance butter.  I was very pleasantly surprised!
We ordered a couple bagels, donuts and an iced coffee.  Everything was great!  The bagels were fresh and the chive cream cheese was really, really good!  Good vegan donuts are hard to come by, but we thought theirs were great.
The girls at the counter were friendly and had our order ready fast.  Everything was really reasonably priced, too.  The music was loud, but the place is called Grindcore House, so you kind of have to expect it!  We like it anyway, so it worked for us.  Next time we're in Philly, we will be stopping here again.This place is pretty great, especially for writing papers that I've been avoiding for weeks. The coffee is strong (and can be bottomless, if you choose that option). There is typically a steady stream of moderately loud hardcore music playing, which to me becomes perfectly ignorable white noise. The wifi is free and pretty reliable. The staff is generally friendly and helpful, even when the place is packed with a thousand people making detailed requests. There is a good amount of space if you're here at the right time (can get pretty busy at peak coffee hours, whatever those are). And the food is good. It can get pricey if you are getting sandwiches with fancy beverages and such, but that's because the food is fresh... it's worth it.
And, most importantly of all... dogs are allowed, so I always see some puppies here! :D YAAAAY PUPPIEEEESSSFantastic coffee! And they offer all sorts of vegan alternatives for milk. Everything in moderation, since coconut is not actually produced locally. I like the oat option... these days simply not consuming animal product to be environmentally friendly (and animal friendly) is the beginning. Live and eat local!There are few instances where I don't balk at spending over $2.25 for a coffee. But here, the demeanor of the baristas were reason enough to pony up the near $3. 
The space of the building had me entranced - coffered ceiling, original wooden cabinetry, a lovely back room with a little library and couch area, and let's not talk about the food. I will break a llama's leg to be able to indulge in any of that without abandon. Luckily for me, I was with a partner who had no qualms about a vegan sandwich AND a began boston creme donut, which made my insides bleed just looking at it. The kind of thing that makes you say "F*** it - it's maternity pants, for the win".
That's all I have to say about this place. It contains all the essential elements of an A-Plus coffee experience AND an A-Plus Coffee SHOP experience. And if you haven't noticed from my other reviews, I don't suffer fools kindly. In fact, I once ripped off a fool's ear. True story, Bro.We have been coming here for a while now & we really like it a lot. The menu is always the same, which I love, and the portions & prices are perfect. Plus, the rotating pastry selection never disappoints! 
The only thing I don't like about this great vegan cafe .....is the volume & selection of music!!!! I understand the theme of place revolves around this style of music but it is not at all conducive to a relaxing coffee house atmosphere.  Which is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.
Don't eat the animals!!!!!A+ and here's why; bring your doggies, get healthier food, pay good prices, drink bottomless coffee, get a good gri-fi connection.
Questionable ethics. The metal and hardcore music is harsh at first, but the point of this place is a coffee shop with hard background music, eventually you will catch some really nice jams; drum-soloy, experimentally, focus enducing music. Helps get work completed. Not too draggy. That's the V. I. P. man. It's what standouts. I'm usually annoyed by coffee shop music, so getting used to this was easy. I liked this a lot in the end, the best things take a bit to absorb. But the metal music will definitely scare you at first if you aren't used to it.
The Vegan dillema. Grind carries rice, almond, coconut, and soy milk to plop in your coffee cup. I'm a big fan of the rice, haven't had it in ages. No hemp milk though. I'll forgive. The food is healthy, and just ok so far, this is Grindcore's only weekness. It's a universal Vegan burden. I had the Seiten sandwich and it was filling and tasty but a bit dry, the organic chip brand they carry, Beanfields, are the best organic chips I've chipped up. Coffee wise it might be lacking as well. But I'll have to get back to you on that, 10 more bottomless cups to go.
It took me awhile to absorb all the good sense. But it's here. This place lives up to all my expectations. La Colombe (Frankford) and Grindhouse are tied in my books as far as best coffee shops around Philly, but they are two entirely different places. 
I removed a star because this place IS missing something, honestly it's probably a large amount of small things. The service could be friendlier, the seating could be comfier, the food could be slightly more non-vegan friendly as it's tough to invite people here and have them enjoy the food.This is really one of the best coffee shops out there. I'm lucky to live nearby and every time I've been there, the food and service have been great. The food is yummy and healthy, and the desserts are awesome. I usually am a little wary of vegan desserts, but you wouldn't even notice if you didn't know they were vegan. My favorite thing there is the olive cream cheese on a bagel!My favorite thing to eat in the whole-wide world is probably a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Don't judge me. I'm 33 and my go-to snack is still PB&J on crackers. I could eat PB&J all day, every day. The fact that Grindcore offers a PB&J on a warm, delicious bagel is why I'm giving them ALL THE STARS. The coffee was OK. The doughnut we selected from the case was also OK. But that PB&J on a warm, toasted bagel was just everything to me. I have been dreaming about it since I last had it. I need to go back.Stopped here for a sweet treat and some coffee. It's a cute corner spot. It was hot as hell in there while ordering. But after we got our goods, we went to the back room and it was nice and cool. The iced chai latte was so good. The chocolate covered cannoli was better than some cannolis I've had in the past. So happy I got that. The peanut butter brownie was also good. Bf got the macchiato and said it was good too. Glad we stopped here.They get 5 stars because their stuff tastes great, not because it's all vegan.
We stopped in here for breakfast on a Saturday morning and I happened to run into one of my friends outside.  He recommended the kropotchkin sandwich.  As we walked in, quickly the dessert case caught our attention.  Even though the plan was breakfast, we knew dessert would follow.
I started with a cup of coffee, my standard.  I pretty much always drink my coffee black because I want to taste it.  This cup did the trick for me.  It wasn't thin or overly bitter, just nice and balanced.  I knew I'd be having espresso after it.
My kropotchkin was delicious.  Such a fresh tasting sandwich.  It had a fair amount of ingredients which I can't recall, but suffice to say, it's well worth it.
Oh and that espresso doppio, yeah it was pulled perfectly.  Nice crema on top and just like their other brew, this one had great balance.
Finally, our dessert, the vegan cheesecake with raspberries was highly decadent and delicious.  This place hits, big-time.  Bonus points it's close to my home.Coffee is pretty good and that sandwich with the hummus, cucumber, lettuce etc is excellent. 
I'm a fan of punk so I deal with grindcores music just fine and sometimes they throw on some gems but there have been occasions that the music is just too loud in the back area. It should be background, not overpowering.Best. Pumpkin. Latte. Ever. (with almond milk)Great vegan seitan sandwich!  I happened to be in the area for work and stopped in for an afternoon spot of tea. Much to my delight I found a "new to me" vegan purveyor of delicious sandwiches. They also had some great looking desserts which I have not tried yet. The sandwich I had was so good in fact I returned promptly the next day for another. The sliced pickles and vegan mayo and mustard and greens with the most delicious seitan I have ever had made for quite the afternoon delight. This neighborhood definitely has a gem. The only miss, hence loss of a star is due to the not so friendly baristas and somewhat "unwelcoming regulars crowd"went for a art show nice place to be in a shit neighborhoodPros:
+ lots of vegan options
+ friendly service
+ very clean and nice looking, considering the crazy music blasting from the speakers :)
Con-ish:
+ lattes are not sweetened at all, which some people may love -- that's why I'm still giving 4 stars. I just added a little sugar...First time and it was great! Very filling Kropotkin sandwich! Along with a latte! 
Staff was helpful unlike a few other places that make you feel rushed when the business is busy.If you like local coffee that tastes batches better than that which shall not be named corporate coffee shop.... And you want a choice of nondairy milk in your espresso drink or just your coffee, you will be floored by coming here. They have coconut, almond, soy and then creamer in 4 containers. They also have natural less processed sugars and raw blue agave - and you don't have to ask. 
However. Be careful if you would like your drink made with unsweetened nondairy milk- just like most places it is sweetened here.  It's not a big deal though cause it's so darned good with the extra sweetness. If you want the real bean flavor, be a purist and get black coffee or espresso.
The food is paired perfectly to match their coffee and tea beverage focus. Sandwiches, bagelwiches and dessert. For a coffeehouse, it's pretty perfect. Everything is vegan- so that is a problem because it makes me want one of everything.  The sandwiches have fresh spinach, tomatoes, meat substitute, hummus and oh yes, vegan mayo, vegan creme cheese and of course things like pb.  They even have gluten free cake and bagels!!  Heaven in a coffeehouse would probably look like this.
The staff rocks. This place rocks.  Please bring one to very major city in the US, and then maybe the world. Thanks.Philly is really a meat eater's city, but that doesn't mean Grindcore is any less authentically Philadelphian: fiercely independent & vegan.One of my favorite places to hit up in the city. Amazing food. Amazing coffee. The friendliest staff ever. A warm vibe among all the other patrons. Vegan or not, give this place a visit. I guarantee you wont be disappointed.Let me preface by saying I am by no means a "Vegan or Vegetarian" But I do enjoy the sticky cinnamon buns ( when they have them). The Oatmeal raisin cooks are insanely good, Not sure how they go about cooking them all "vegan" but whatever, its good.
Im not too huge on coffee so I dont really drink it much, plus I like milk in mineLet me just say, in general I really like Grindcore House. It's great to have a place to go where you dont have to worry about what you order and whether they remembered to make it vegan or not. It's also great to have a place with more options than just soy! The tea list is nice and extensive and the staff is super friendly! Tip your baristas, it's just common practice AND these people are really helpful!
With that said, I was initially excited hearing about this place having events, a free library, movie screenings, art shows, etc., but sadly it doesn't seem to be the radical space that I was thinking it might be. The events are few and far between and seem poorly organized while the art shows have been problematic on a number of occasions (The current on display features unquestionably exoticised women and a previous one was graphically triggering). Also, it's good to hear different music in a cafe, and I realize the name is "grindcore house" but I've never heard a female-fronted band play over the speakers here. As a radical space, doesn't that seem exclusionary? There are countless bands that fit the sonic vibe of Grindcore House that aren't just male-fronted. Please realize that radical women and non-male identified people come here too and know better than to think that Madball is the epitome of "radical anarcho-vegan hardcore." C'mon. Mix it up.
Grindcore House is a nice place for a vegan to get a drink and a snack. The staff are always welcoming, but sometimes the space isn't. I hope this at least makes them think a little bit.I'm not gonna hate. The coffee is good, the employees seem nice, I got a bagel there once and it was tasty, and it's generally pretty spacey and good for reading/writing/getting work done or meeting up with someone. The way they redid the inside is really nice, with beautiful old woodwork and it's very cozy. I also appreciate the "Radical Library" and am glad to see a lot of good marxist and anarchist literature in the neighborhood I grew up in. I just wonder how much of the community of "Dickinson West" or "Pennsport" or whatever the developers like to call us actually accesses it? I usually see a variety of different gentrifiers here (punks, hipsters, yuppies) but rarely poor and working class locals. The only black people in there seem to be the pictures hanging of Angela Davis and Nat Turner. In a neighborhood where I know so many people looking for jobs I also don't see them hiring any kids from the neighborhood..
Not tryna be snarky, these are genuine questions I'm putting out there. It'd be nice if we were utilizing the resources within that would help us understand the mechanisms of gentrification and capitalist exploitation. But instead it seems like a lot of faux-leftist aesthetic and a lot of very comfortable yuppies on macbook pros.I live 2.5 blocks from this place and I finally checked it out Sunday morning with my pal, fellow Yelper Elizabeth B. We each ordered a 16 oz cup of coffee from the staff behind the counter, who were super friendly. I put almond milk in my coffee but found the taste too subtle, so I added soy creamer and it was perfect. When we arrived around 11, there were only two other people there, but within a half hour, a line had formed. I was happy to see that this place is so busy, and it's great that they allow dogs inside, too. Other reviews have mentioned the music, particularly the grindcore that the shop is named for. But when we were there, no music was playing at all. I didn't try any of the treats, but I definitely will next time.Cute! Good food. Hospitality wasn't awesome  but I would come here again! Everything is vegan! So yummy!This place is really cute! The people there are really welcoming and the coffee is amazing! I love living right down the street! This is a great little treat in south Philly that I hope sticks around!!!!I'm so psyched about this coffee shop, that I created a Yelp account immediately upon returning from my first visit here, simply to express my delight publicly (okay, truth be told I've had musings about a lot of places and have just been too lazy to get on here; but Grindcore can take credit for being the catalyst in moving my lazy fingers). 
I discovered this place as I was driving to Whole Foods and I did a double take in my car. I was so surprised to see their sign that I walked directly there after unloading my groceries, just to ensure it was no mirage. I've been wanting to meet like-minded people in my neighborhood and didn't feel there was really the place for it. It is exciting to have Grindcore here.
The staff is pleasant and David (one of the owners) was super  friendly and is very enthusiastic about sharing his veganism with others and introducing a varied menu. This must be divine intervention, because I had recently started abandoning my vegan efforts. I'm super happy to have some local inspiration now! And, I don't have to remember to specify SOY latte, it's automatic. 
Grindcore....your neighborhood welcomes you with wide-open arms. I hope you receive a lot of support and patronage.I stop here almost daily for my morning coffee, always a different rotation of super yummy Counter Culture roast, and they have all/any kinds of vegan creamers.  I'm not vegan but I come here specifically for the soy and coconut coconut creamers. If you haven't tried it before, take a small step out of your dairy comfort circle and give it a whirl.  
Oh, and the people that work there are absolutely the nicest, friendliest, and always make sure they send me off with a 'thanks!' and a 'have a nice day!'.  Sometimes, if you're lucky and are in the right place at the right time, the in-house baby boy on staff will give you a smile and a giggle.Really glad to have this place in the neighborhood. The staff is nice, which means a lot, unlike B2. The selection is plentiful. The baked goods/pastries are always delicious. The coffee is always tasty. The sandwiches are creative, filling and fairly prices. The variety of cream cheese is fun. Only complaints are the bagels themselves arent very good and the music can get grating. Otherwise, terrific place and one i'm glad to support.I'm only giving this place 4 out of 5 because no one can make a dirty chai better than one of my friends. But they are right up there. Real sweet employees, mellow vibe, free WiFi, and great coffee.love it!!! great to have in the neighborhood!!! friendly staff, great sweets and wonderful coffeeLovely, little, friendly, cozy corner vegan coffee shop (say that three times fast).  Delicious coffee (especially iced) with a plethora of non-dairy creamer options (coconut, rice, almond) and agave syrup sweetener.  Ideal for vegans and non-vegans alike.  Yummy baked goods, including a citrus-basil glazed shortbread cookie that was a particular standout (who knew? give it a whirl).  Sammies look totally appealing.  Adore the interior and how they stayed true to the fixtures and architecture of space.
Perfect neighborhood gem to get your caffeine fix.  Wish this place was in my 'hood.The food is good, I ordered a vegan sandwich on ciabatta bread and all ingredients were tasty and fresh.  The service is friendly and the ambiance in nice.  There is also a back room for reading and I they have Wi-Fi, that rooms seems to be very cozy, I think I'll spend some time in there next time I go.  The music played at Grindcore house, is of course, grind core.
I am taking off a star only because they don't offer any fresh juices.  They wouldn't be able to get rid of me if they did.Love this little vegan cafe. Excellent food and baked goods. It's got a cozy environment with plenty of artwork if you care to sit in for a bit. The coffee drinks are always top notch. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. Probably my favorite coffee spot in the city.I used to frequent this establishment often even after they raised prices but after they seemed to have cute their cake sizes in half, I will not be anymore.  The $4-$5 for a cake that someone can eat in about 5 bites is ridiculous. Staff is friendly depending on the day  and I would rather go someone where they look please to have me spending my money there.
***Update, The manager personally emailed me about my review upset about the lackluster service I had received and wanted to try and make it right. It was really unexpected of him to do that but much appreciated. I decided to give it another try and had a great experience. I've gone back several times and will continue to go back because this place really is something special. ***Nice place to get breakfast or lunch.  I ordered the tree-hugger salad with a chai latte.  The salad consisted of avacado and the usual salad stuff, but I got it with the sesame teriyaki dressing.  Excellent and not for a total of $10 bucksHands down my favorite coffee shop. The staff is friendly and the menu has a wide range of of things to offer. I had a lavender latte that was delicious. Also, the lemon caper dill cream cheese is back for the season so I highly recommend trying it. Plus they carry Dotties Donuts! All around a good place to grab a drink and go or stay and get some work done like I did. Deserts are on the pricey side but tasty.I really do love Grindcore. The only thing that blows my mind is how awful the GF bagel is. It tastes like a softened rock... I would totally get more sandwiches if the GF option tasted better.In a neighborhood without a lot of options, Grindcorehouse isn't just a rare oasis but manages to serve up fantastic coffee, a great spot to work and incredible staff.  Kick ass salads, coffee to die for and the baristas are incredibly accommodating.  Not to mention the most metal logo I've seen on a coffee joint!  Definitely matches the music in the back room, great for concentrating and getting work done.
This would absolutely be a five star review except for one thing - no working AC in the 90 degree heat makes the front of the shop totally unbearable!  Not sure how the staff handles it, honestly.My husband and I were in the south Philly neighborhood, craigslist-ing it up (furniture, not sexcapades) It was a cold night and we were in the mood for a hot beverage, so we stopped in to the Grindcore House. It was very cute inside. I liked the plant on the shelf. It was very inviting. We had no idea it was a vegan spot!! My first tip off was the myriad selection of milks available (but no cow milk on the list!). We said what the heck, we're already here and there are no other coffee spots around. It was about 10 minutes before close (I know, thats rude!) But the barista was very nice. I ordered a mocha and my husband ordered a hot chocolate. My beverage was delicious!! I liked it just as much as I would have liked my usual dairy version. Dare i say even more so?? It wasn't too sweet which is exactly how i like my mocha. The barista took the time to make the pretty design on the foam. I like that attention to detail. They don't do that at starbucks. My husbands hot chocolate was also really tasty, it even came with a vegan whipped cream (How did they do that? I have no idea!) The only negative he said was his hot chocolate could have been hotter. After experiencing the Grindcore House i  thought maybe, just maybe I could be a vegan. And anyone who knows me knows I love meat. But for a second there, I really entertained the thought. This vegan stuff is good.
P.S We didn't dine in, so I didn't care about the music. My husband liked the music. I guess its part of their shtick. I'm cool with that.Nearby home, cozy, free wifi! Why do I always forget to come here?! I love the environment and proximity. I come to study here sometimes. My little get away! This cafe is like Goldilocks said: Just right (for me)! I always love these new popup cafes in South Philly. I only wish it was warmer in the winters here and if they would make fresh juices, I'd be here much more frequently. Owners are pleasant.I live around the corner from this place, and am not vegan.  I still go in regularly and eat the amazing food (try the sticky bun), great and frequently changed up coffee varietals, and sit and relax.  Highly recommended, especially if you are more into 'sit and relax' than 'be seen'.Cafe jewel in south Philly- GRINDCORE: artistically restored, a perfect mix of old glory of Philadelphia brownstones and a chic modern cafe. You have to go for their decadent cafe latte with eclectic mixes of milks - coconut, almond, soy. The best of all- the place is super green.One of my favorite Saturday stops. I always get the WW everything bagel toasted with house-made garlic hummus, cuke, tomato, red onion with a Dottie's Donut and iced coffee on the side. The thing I love about this place is the consistency, the customer service, and the overall clientele. Pretty mellow and overall easy to spend hours with/in.Grindcore House is definitely a unique little gem tucked away in the outskirts of South Philly.  They offer a full selection of coffee and beverages, as well as baked goods and sandwiches.  Best part? It's ALL vegan! Now, I'm not a vegan, but my best friend of 20 years is (and next time she comes to visit Philly, I will make it a point to bring her here), so I have a great deal of respect for vegans.  I stopped in one sticky summer day, before lunch time, and it was fairly calm, so seating was readily available.  I had just eaten an egg sandwich less than an hour before I stopped in, so I didn't order any food this time, but I did get a cup of their cold brew coffee, which was great.  They even have soy and coconut creamer available.  While there are only a few tables in the front area by the counter, there is a whole entire room in the back with plenty of seating, so as to accommodate a decent size group.  The counter staff is friendly and they all seem to enjoy their work environment, plus they have awesome music playing in the background! For those of you with dogs, it's dog-friendly, and if your dog behaves, they have treats behind the counter!This is one of my favorites places to grab lunch when I'm in the South Philly area. The staff is very friendly. I've had every sandwich except the Carver. They are all fantastic and I try to time my visits there on the Vegan Treats delivery days. Grab a tea or coffee and a sandwich and enjoy the friendly atmosphere there.I love Grindcore House. 
I only eat the everything bagel with peanut butter, which is a fantastic combination. 
Their bagels are truly special, 100% vegan,  and don't leave me feeling like I have a rock in my stomach ( like many bagels do)
Hot chocolate is amazing as well. It is creamy with your choice of vegan "milk", on the sweeter side rather than chocolate flavor, and is topped with a huge marshmallow. I've considered asking to buy a few marshmallows (2-3) to take with me because I like to make hot chocolate at home. Nothing puts a conscience at peace than a guilt free marshmallow.I'm new to the South Philly area and am trying to find places to replace my old regular spots (in NoLibs.) stopped in the other day for a drink and just to check it out as I live a block away. The atmosphere is what you would expect, relaxed, hipsterish, but nice. the girls that were working the day I stopped in were very nice and friendly and explained all the details and gave us some info on movie night and the small "library" that's in the back of the shop. I just need to remember to go back more often.My friend and I wanted to catch up after a few years and had tons to talk about. We walked in Chapterhouse off of south street to complete and toal silence. Tons of people sitting silently at their computers. It felt very strange so we opted to go to Grincore House. 
For some reason, Grindcore House didn't dazzle me the way I wanted it to. 
The lighting in the back room where there are tables set up to sit and chat or eat was really off. It was dim, but not cozy dim. Dim like unflattering type of light. It reminded me of some weird homemade movie from the 80s.
I did appreciate the vegan selections of tofutti cream cheese and sandwiches for prices you would pay anywhere else for mainstream, unhealthy alternatives. 
I had the mocha coffee. It was very, very dark and no amount of stevia or almond milk, or coconut creamer could save it. Although plus points for having almond milk, coconut creamer, soy creamer, soy milk and coconut milk. Like someone else mentioned, I can never enjoy a cup of coffee out because usually the only nondairy choice is soy.I got the yerba mate latte and the cheese danish. My god so good I wish I could there everyday! The Batistas  were really nice too!Love this spot. Finally I made it over to try!!!! I totally see why this is a vegan staple. A cute little coffee place with all the things vegan!!!!! We tried 2 sammies and one of the dottie's donuts they had. OMFG I can't wait to go back for more.The sandwich I had was delicious and the chai was sweetened, very well made.  A star was taken off because it was fruit fly invasion!  Drosophilia's Dream.  So many in the bathroom and then by the counter in the front.  If you don't mind it however, five stars...Decor was tight & cozy.I just wish I could get dinner here, the kitchen closes at 7:30.  Really good tea and sandwiches!It doesn't look they need another good review but I'm going to give it to them.  This establishment is wonderful.  They are not only 100% vegan, but use and promote sustainable practices in every which way.  The food is yummy, the coffee is great, and the staff is kind, knowledgeable, and cute. They always have special in-season drinks/food which cannot be missed. Some carnivores get scared approaching a vegan establishment like this as if they'll get burned at the stake, but you won't feel that way here. If you ask for skim milk they kindly point you to the array of non-dairy milks like almond, soy and rice oh my! There are also pamphlets available to learn the truth and a whole library in the back so you can sit with a good read. I love them and they are a reason I wish I still lived in Philly. PS Dogs are welcome!This is my favorite coffee shop. I like looking through the weird book selection. The music is really good too. The espresso is perfect, also.Cute little place on the corner in south philly. Good coffee, vegan options  room in the back. Limited on street parking depending on time.Thank you Yelp app for making me aware of this cute lil coffee shop 6 minutes walk from my house.  I had a chai with their homemade whipped cream and the chocolate chip banana bread which was recommended in another review.  The chai was good but not the best I had, but the whipped cream made up for that. And i loved the banana bread. Oh and I'm not a vegan, but definitely will be back here.  My only negative was the music, I'm not a fan of hard rock. However,  I'm thrilled to have a trendy yet laid back coffee shop in my neck of South Philly.Excellent tea options (try the smoked tea!), really good bagels, & a Greenwich sandwich that's so cravable i'm not sure I'm actually ever going to try anything else. I will probably just eat the Greenwich forever, rotating among their six or so different bread options.Why has it taken me so long to review Grindcore House? 
As someone who frequents coffee shops often to work, read and relax Grindcore is my favorite one in all of Philadelphia. Not just because it is purely Vegan but because the staff is friendly, the atmosphere is homey, and the food and drinks are great.
Its the kind of coffee shop where you can say "What's a Red Eye?" and they will answer you without being judgmental or condescending.  I hate coffee shop snobbery and this place just doesn't have it.  It is warm and friendly with yummy sandwiches and some of the best coffee in the city.