We came out for date night and let me tell you all this was such a great experience! We ordered the happy hour special for our first time. For appetizers we had fried chicken with this amazing yellow sauce, this great salad with ginger miso salad dressing -- the bomb! And the peas were our favorite appetizer wise! For our entree we had a choice of 5 meats. We enjoyed cooking our dinner with the spicy sauce to add some more flavor, even tho the meat by itself was just as great. Addition to our entree we enjoyed two rounds Bellinis ( strawberry, peach, mango, and lychee flavor) for dessert we had s'mores!!!! Delicious! We are excited to come back again for happy hour and enjoy a different selection. The staff are very welcoming and friendly. The atmosphere is really relaxing and you feel like you are in your own private space to enjoy it! Reservations are essential!!The food is fine and reasonably priced, but it should be, since you cook it yourself. The portion sizes were small; the menu does have pictures, but they lack perspective, so portion size is hard to judge.  Would be good and fun for a large group, and the novelty is neat but overall not worthy of 4 stars.A hand written 20% tip was added to our bill automatically. If a party over 4 are automatically charged a service fee it should be clearly written on the menu however we failed to find any notice about that. Lousy service from start to end. NEVER coming back again, NO.So, my recommendation is NOT to get the AYCE at this place. This is their gimmick to get you in but then they give you 90 minutes to eat with 2 items per person. And that's fine right? Yeah, what they fail to tell you is that they will literally space out each item 20 minutes apart. So you'll be able to get like 4 stuff!!! My husband priced out the food they had given us and it was $40. We paid $70.  Order the A la Carte. I was totally hating on my server but I'm sure it was management mandated.The food was mediocre to say the least...the service was HORRIBLE! It took over an hour and fifteen minutes for them to bring out the entire order. Not to mention they forgot one of our orders which we just ended up asking them to remove from the bill because we didn't want to risk having to wait another hour for that to come out. Even something as simple as clearing the table or making sure drinks were constantly filled seemed to be a difficult task.  To top it off, adjusting the bill took them forever and one of us ended up going up to the register for the check and bringing it back to the table. They might as well promote this place as a self service restaurant, "clear your own table, get your own check" next you'll have to get your own food! Never coming back here again!I went to Gyu Gaku the Thursday before the fourth of July to celebrate starting my own business. I had a party of six and we were all seated pretty much immediately. This place is a few blocks down from my apartment and, sadly, never seems to get much business. 
I have to say that Gyu Gaku's food was amazing and the source of most its points here. My boyfriend and I split the Kobe style steak combo and had a ton to eat because it was all so delicious. I really can't say enough good things. Everything from the beginning salad, edamame, and Miso soup to the bibimbap were delectable, and the meat was no less so. It's really the best food I've had, at the best price, in a long time. 
Our server was friendly enough, and everything came out in good order. I don't really have any complaints about the service, but it honestly wasn't stellar. I would be concerned about visiting on a busy night. A weird atmosphere note: the happy 60s pop music was really strange with the Japanese theme and decor, but not unpleasant.
Honestly, though, I loved our time there, and I hope to take advantage of their lunch specials and upcoming all you can eat event! So tasty.Great place, very slow at bringing food out, hosts keeps coming to table like they want you out.... we would have been done if food was brought out at a faster rateI have never had a waitress as energic, as wonderful, as attentive, nor as happy as Crystal. You could tell that she loved her job. I was in a low mood and she lifted me up. She has such a great soul and even watching her serve everyone else was like remarkable to me. 
The food here is superb, the staff is great and Crystal just made my whole night. The hostess Montana when you enter was also super sweet. Mohamed was also super nice - he wasn't my waiter but he was great and also answered questions I had. This place as a whole made my entire night. Definitely coming here again and definitely bringing friends and family.I was very excited when I found out that Gyu-Kaku open a store in philly. They offered a good selection of meats/dishes and have some good special deals for lunch and happy hour. 
It will be a great addition to the museum district. It's not so packed yet, so not much of waiting during our visits.I've been coming to Gyu-Kaku for a long time and I really enjoy this restaurant. It's fun to use the grills and the meat and vegetables are always fresh! They also have a great app where you can rack up points for free food! 
The only negative things I have to say is that in the summer it can be a little hot with all the grills - so ventilation could be better. And at times service can be slow or things come in the wrong order.
Definitely would recommend trying this unique Japanese BBQ spot! It's so fun and easy and well-priced!i didn't want to write negative review because i'm Japanese and i have been gyu-kaku many times in japan and usa. but this one was the worst. 
We tried this restaurant on monday,2:30pm. we wanted to avoid busy time because we had 2 little kids. 
the restaurant didn't look busy and the server looked so nice in the first impression. so i thought everything would go smoothly and we could enjoy our meal like other gyu-kaku if we have 2 little kids . but It was not.
We ordered party course.
first when the server brought our miso soup, i saw her finger touched my soup. but she didn't say anything and just put it in front of me. Disgusting.
Meats and veggies came so fast. But quality was not good. 
Our rice didn't came so we had to ask. But rice was yellow that means super old. Of cause tasted terrible.
our s'mores didn't come too but we gave up to ask because we didn't see the server for a while. 
i wandered this mess was always or just today. very different other city's gyu-kaku. so we will not come back. Sorry.What a great addition to the Granary building, and to Callowhill Street! We came here on Saturday, the second day that Gyu-Kaku was fully open to the public, and we were impressed with how smoothly everything ran. We were able to be seated right away and we had the most adorable and kind server all night.
The dining here is really an experience. This is a chain restaurant that originated in Japan, and every table gets to cook their own meat and vegetables at their own pace. We had several delicious appetizers to start, including the kimchi, garlic edamame, and the spicy chicken wings. For the entrees, we ordered spicy pork, beef, chicken, and salmon in a variety of marinades, along with the assorted vegetables.
Combined with a bottle of unfiltered sake and some Sapporos, this turned out to be a surprisingly affordable and delicious meal. It's especially a great place for a small group because of the interaction with cooking while enjoying your food and conversation. What could be better!came here on week days for dinner.I made a reservation for 5 people and was seated immediatly. we order the shrimp dumpling, bibimbap, beef steak, and some kimchi raman. The overall food quality was good and service was good. will come back again. the app actually was pretty good, got me.a free smoresService: poor
e.g. Appetizers came after food, glasses were dripping wet
Food quality: ok
Totally overpriced
This is Philadelphia; you have options to find great bbqs much cheaper and far better service!Just went there today for lunch with my husband. We arrived 10 mins early than our reservation time but got the seat 5 mins after arriving. We both ordered lunch special 3 BBQ meats for $12.99. The set came with rice, salad and miso soup. 
The service was good. My miso soup came with extra plastic piece looks like the take out container rim in my cup so I let our server know then she took it back to the kitchen and got a new one for me with no attitude but no sorry. I am ok with that....
The meat  was marinated well. The portion looked small but surprisingly made me very full. Miso soup tasted good with bigger pieces of tofu compared to other Japanese restaurants and I like it. Salad dressing was quite salty to me. I also upgraded my rice to garlic fried rice bibimbap. It was yummy!
All in all we had fun grilling and eating today. We will come back and definitely bring our kids too. I guess they will have fun eating here!It is a good place and we love it. Environment and service is perfect. We have 3 girls and ordered a combination for 2  people and add wings. It's enough.This is one of the newest Gyu-Kaku's I have been to...extremely nice decor and service!  Great location so whenever I am in Philly I try to make it here.  I have been here about five times and although I can admit in the beginning they didn't get everything quite right...it has matured into one of the better Gyu's I have been to.Food is awesome but service never has their sh%t together.  I have been there multiple times and it has never gone smoothly.  There is always a long wait and you will inevitably have major things missing (aka one or more people in your party won't get served until everyone else is done).  I have dealt with the bad service while they had the 12.99 lunch special but now that it's only weekdays, we won't be coming back.Make sure you order from the combo menus. Otherwise it is so overpriced for the poor food qualityThe food was good but the service left something to be desired.
We ordered one of their dinners for two and a few extra since there were three of us.  
They began to bring our food but forgot one item until we reminded them.  They also said they couldn't get the shrimp we wanted because it was thawing slower than expected. 
All the other items tasted great and it's entertaining to talk while you cook.I don't think I can afford this place during dinner, but I came during their lunch specials, which is extremely filling and affordable. For those who have not gone to Japanese BBQ before, the meat is served raw, and you grill yourself (plus their grill is smokeless so your clothes smells less!) The meat portions are definitely small, but that is how they are served in Japan.  I've had Japanese BBQ in Asia before, and obviously the quality of kobe meat is not up to par, but it definitely fulfills the craving. Service is super nice and attentive.My partner and I decided to go here for our date night. I have been eyeing this place for a while so I was really excited. We got there and it was nice inside. We ordered A LOT of food. Wine, appetizers, noodles, a mix of veggies, and four meats. The food was WONDERFUL. I loved everything I tasted, and the idea was very cool. Our service, on the other hand, was offensive. I don't know if it was race, age, or how we were dressed, but every table around us was getting 200x more attention than us. We ordered our appetizer before our drinks. The table next to us sat down AT LEAST 15 minutes after us. They received all of their food before us, including cooked food from the kitchen. We also saw the table across from us get their food. When we asked our waiter if he forgot, he told us, "I didn't forget but they didn't start cooking it yet, they are slow." It was obvious from the tables of older, white, professionals surrounding us that the kitchen was not exceptionally slow. It took us 10 minutes from when the raw food was brought out to even get our servers attention to get a fork. Meanwhile, he was at the tables next to and across from us many times. I feel embarrassed to even mention that I personally witnessed our server fill water for both tables more than 6 times. My water, and my boyfriend's water was empty from the moment I got my food until I got the check. Oh, and when I asked for water, the server had a complete attitude. I was completely offended at the entire experience, I will not return even with the delicious food. It was a very uncomfortable situation to be in. My server was Eric...Absolutely my favorite bbq place.  The food is amazing and if you can get served by Crystal then even better.  She was energetic kind and did not miss a beat. Everything about the service was amazing, food came in in a timely matter Crystal was super friendly and attentive.  Best place to eat with the best staff.  I hope to be back soon and I will definetly try to get a table with Crystal just to enjoy my meal all the more.Great deal. Loved all the meat. 
Our server Brian was awesome and fun!Dinner review:
Saturday night ~9:15 we walked in with no reservation, no problem (after being turned away from a few popular sushi places). Good date spot as others have said, interactive meals are always fun. 
Everything was VERY good and the prices were extremely affordable.
We ordered addicting cucumber plates and fried bacon for apps- both pretty good. I'm a bacon fanatic and I thought it was only so-so, but i'm not sure what I expected (or what could be different).
A la carte meats: bistro hanger, yaki-shabu, shrimp, and sirloin
all excellent with the house-recommended marinades
Sides: assorted veggies (grilled on the bbq), miso soup, garlic bibimbap and ramen  (ramen for $7? Yes please.)
We left very full and we only ordered 1 meat per person (3-4 oz. serving) plus shared the apps and sides. 4 people - the check was about $90
The general manager that evening was also super accommodating and kind to our table (if you're reading- thanks again for helping with the bottle!!) 
The bartender was very nice and knowledgeable about their Sakes and Japanese whiskeys. The servers were very attentive. After reading other reviews i'm sorry to hear other people had such disappointing experiences. We all loved it!
I'd definitely return and bring others. Good to know there are locations in Manhattan.TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE FROM THE START.  - It took ten minutes to be seated when the restaurant was half empty. Host was grouchy 
- Plates on the table were greasy and unclean and needed to be changed 
- Ordered vegetarian noodles which came with  minced chicken (I therefore ate chicken for the first time in 30 years!)
- Hair was found in cooked asparagus which came wrapped in foil 
- Food was tasteless and greasy
- VERY slow service. 
- Manager apologized and didn't charge for food (the least she can do) 
- I will never return.Beef tongue rules！Takes ages to serve meat, But the quality of food is good as always.This place was pretty yuck :(. The only saving grace about this place was that the lychee cocktail that I ordered was strong and tasty, but the (count em!) 7 different dishes that my friend's parents ordered for us, were all either totally tasteless, or totally artificial tasting. Skip, skip, skip, there are way better places in the area, especially for the prices they charge!This is a busy place to go even if you book reservations you might have to wait by the bar for 10 minutes to get your table set up. 
My waiter was a little frazzled since I arrived with a large group. He was kind and did his best to recommend and explain anything on the menu. 
My boyfriend and I ordered dishes we could cook, but not in a group package. The Meat Lovers and other packaged courses are very pricey. We ordered separate meats to cook and it was way more affordable than I thought. I was worried about pricing before hand.
The other couples joining us ordered one of the packages over $100. The kitchen was so backed up on apps they gave then their meat to grill first. They didn't get an appetizer until they were half way done their starting meal. Our waiter even forgot about it until mentioned. 
Our waiter recommend the basil chicken and honestly I didn't find anything special about it. Keep your eye on the chicken. Don't cook anything 
in the corner if it takes the longest cooking time. I gave my boyfriend undercooked chicken. 
I suggest going here for a small date not a party of 8+. Sharing grills is a challenge if your friends order a lot of packages.   
Charge your phone and use a timer app to count the seconds of your meat cooking. Conversation and noise may side track you!Came here with my boyfriend and his family a while back. Had to wait about 20 minutes on a Friday night, but they take reservations. Service was slow, but at least they were helpful. They suggested ordering three plates of meat per person. They also gave tips on cooking the food and how long to cook each piece. We ended up staying about two hours for the entire meal.
The portions that they gave were small and pricey. The kobe style meat was so well seasoned and delicious, even without sauce. I really loved the garlic shrimp, but I wish it weren't frozen when they gave it to us. The garlic spinach was okay and it was hard to see when it was done since it was wrapped in aluminum foil. We also went through a couple bowls of beef suyiyai bibimbop, which was excellent. A must get.
For dessert, we had the exquisite Lady M's Green Tea Mille Crepe, which came with ice cream. These are pretty much only available in NYC but this restaurant imports it. It's dozens of layers of green tea pastry cream and crepes. The texture was great and it was not overwhelmingly sweet. We also had the mochi ice cream, in flavors vanilla, green tea, red bean, and mango. Definitely not fresh, but still a treat!
I would recommend coming here if you have time and money available. I would suggest getting the garlic shrimp, beef bibimbop, and the Lady M Cake!My review is by no means a reflection of the quality of food at this establishment, instead this is an issue with management....for my birthday my co workers decided to take me here for a birthday lunch, as they know I'm rather fond of the food here especially during the lunch specials.  Today we came in and once seated the hostess handed us the menus both dinner and lunch menu.  We ordered our food and all was well.....5 minutes later the waitress returned stating they no longer offer the lunch specials on Friday and that the hostess made a mistake by giving us a lunch menu.  The waitress stated that the manager refused to honor the lunch special for us and we were asked if we wanted to order off the dinner menu.  Our party decided to take our business elsewhere.... and I'm not sure I'll return.....even their website states Mon-Fri forvthe lunch specials...I'm sorry Gyu but you've lost our business on this one!I have been back several times recently since my last review and my husband and I really enjoyed it. We sat in the bar the last two times and enjoyed the apps and peach sangrias. I love the fresh slices of peach they put in the drinks....so good! Good happy hour menu, too.Not great. I first made sure with the hostess it wasn't too late (I didn't want to be THAT guy) to eat. She assured me I wasn't being that guy and ushered me to the bar. Great, game's on and I think I already know what I want for my late dinner. Might even get a drink, too. Well, many minutes pass, and there's no bartender. I see plenty of servers walking around and chatting with each other in a pack, and still no bartender or anyone asking me if I've been helped. Eventually a guy gets behind the bar and immediately starts conversing with a worker who is off shift and eating dinner. It had been about 7 minutes and I was super hungry, so I left. Bad service will run me right out.Stupid restaurant. We came there and the waitress said we had to wait for 45 hours. We waited for 1 hour! Nevertheless, the waitress said that we need wait another 45 'inured. We came along way here and the service is so bad! 
傻逼！I have never wrote a review before on any restaurant, However, This restaurant I have to show my appreciation. First I want to say the whole grill your own food is awesome. The meats was seasoned and cut perfectly! Finger licking good! They have this fried rice that I believe comes with every meal, omg! It is so freaking delicious! If you are looking for a great restaurant for date night or what have you, you need to make your reservations here you will not be disappointed. Everything is about this place is awesome, I will be paying a visit back to this placeI've been here many times and the service is always hit or miss. We've had super attentive servers, and other times we've waited in between orders (big fan of the all you can eat option) and 10+ minutes to get drinks. The food is always delicious, and the drinks are reasonably priced. If you have to wait for a table, hang out at the bar for a little bit, the bartender, Mike, makes delicious cocktails!I came here yesterday with a group of 6 for one of our friend's birthday. We had a reservation so we had no problem getting seated. This is a new place, and the service was good! The restaurant itself is nice and roomy. I've been to other gyu-kaku locations, and this one has a lot more light and space as compared to the other one I've been to (in Cupertino, CA). We ordered the $180 combo meal for 6 people, which proved to be more than enough food for all of us. Ordered a pitcher of beer too! It came with a lot of items, but I'd say my favorites were the hot oil seared tuna, the sea bass, and the kobe beef items! the bibimbap to start off with was really good as well. Overall, this was a good dinner at a place that just recently opened. After a few tweaks here and there, this place could potentially be a really big hot spot in Philly considering there aren't many Japanese bbq places around.As a Korean BBQ devotee, I have to admit that I was a little reluctant to try out Japanese BBQ. However, our dinner at Gyu-Kaku exceeded my expectations with friendly, attentive service, high-quality meat, and reasonable prices.
The location is a little removed, so the crowds aren't as crazy as other parts of the city, yet it is still quite walkable from Center City. We ordered the Gyu-Kaku set menu for two, which turned out to be the perfect amount of food, and at $65, was fairly reasonably priced. The edamame starter had a good amount of salt (so many places skimp on the salt!) and the spicy tuna volcano was a pleasantly delicious surprise, though the crunchy rice is prone to get stuck in your teeth.
Our server turned on our fire halfway through the appetizers, which seems to have been too late. The first half of our meat took a long time to cook, especially the chicken, which was cut into cubes. However, when the grill finally heated up, the meat was awesome. The chicken, which we found flavorless and tough at first, became more tender and juicy (and somehow more flavorful) when cooked at high heat. We especially enjoyed the miso skirt steak and the kalbi short rib; the skirt steak melts in your mouth while the short rib, like its Korean counterpart, packs a lot of flavor. (We are used to BBQ coming with a side of rice and we did miss it a bit.)
In general, we could have benefited from a little more explanation - we cooked a lot of our meat before the grill was ready because we didn't know any better, and we unwrapped the foil-wrapped salmon because we didn't realize we were supposed to just place the entire foil packet on the grill. (We also didn't know how long we should cook it for.)
Otherwise, the service was great - the servers were super friendly and the food arrived promptly while plates were cleared often, so the table never became too cluttered. The manager, Karen, was wonderful; she constantly checked up on the diners and helped us repair our salmon fiasco. The place does get quite smokey, but the place has high ceilings and the smoke dissipates relatively quickly. (Be prepared: your clothes will smell like meat.)
Overall, our meal started off a little lackluster, but ended on a high note. We saw other tables order bibimbap and chicken wings, both of which looked amazing. Gyu-Kaku also has a loyalty program and the points rack up pretty quickly - on our first meal, we already qualified for $5 off our meal.  Also, I just discovered they serve Lady M's mille crêpe - clearly, a return visit is in order.I originally gave this restaurant a 5 star. As stated The food and the service was great and affordable ! 
I changed my ratings because I've been back twice since my first visit and it's been really bad. The staff seems to always be different and the customer service has gotten horrible .
Management is great though, she always makes sure you leave happy. But the food and service needs to go back to how it was.Spinach and garlic in tin foil with no spice. No thanks. 
Go for the noodles. Still not great.
The cameras over every table are comforting , though.Okay30 min wait on a Sunday when there's no line in the lobby and have empty seats visible from the streetThis BBQ restaurant offers very delicious food！ The waiters did a great work！ They are active to help you and say beautiful words. Really enjoy eating in the restaurant～～～This is the first 1 star I have ever rated. I would rate 0 if there was one.
We came here at 730pm, and were asked if we had a reservation. We said no then we were told that we need to wait for 1 hour. Ok that's fine because we heard the food here is good so we would like to wait. Then we checked back at 830pm and were told that still several people waiting ahead of us and several minutes to wait. Then out of curiosity, I searched online and want to see if I can reserve online. I saw 830pm is OPEN to reserve!!! What?! So we reserved online and then were seated immediately!!! What is wrong with this fucking place! I understand that people with reservation could have some priorities but there are tables open to reserve but why don't let us get seated at first?! 
By the way, food here is just so so. I will never come back again!!!!! Don't waste your time waiting here! The management here crazy!!!!!There are better places that deserve your money.  Service is horrendous. Don't come here.
Some highlights:  Decent food.  Marinade on all the meats was nice and flavorful.  Had a party of 7.  Paid about ~44 a person after tips, taxes, etc. for this place.  
My biggest complaints:  service.  It is horrendous.  Arrived around 7 PM, had a reservation so had no wait time there.  Everyone got the all you can eat for $35 - if one person gets it everyone at the table has to get it.  Okay, simple enough.  We let them bring out everything so we got a sample of everything on the menu.  
Unfortunately this is where they take 30 minutes to get past the appetizer.  After that, takes another 30 minutes to get the real meats out and they just are INSANELY slow on service - water isn't refilled, eventually give us a pitcher of water to the table.  Waiter is inattentive and absent during the whole meal.  
One problem we also had was with our grills:  one side of the table was working fine but our side's grill wasn't heating at all at first.  Told the waitress there was a problem and our food was taking forever to heat.  She went back and took about 10-15 minutes to get the tongs to rearrange the charcoal.  It started heating but only in one spot - good enough for cooking I suppose. 
At the end of the meal, we all got smores which we toasted and ate (which was pretty delicious).  But again, service was again the sore point - had dessert, another table sitting next to us was getting cleared out but our waitress was nowhere to be seen.  Took us about 15-20 minutes for her to return and get us our cards and checks.  
$35 per head for the all you can eat + tax + gratuity came out to about $44 per person.  DEFINITELY not worth it at all for the service.  It should have been brought out sooner and everywhere else I've been at the meat is already marinated it's just a matter of bringing the food out and being attentive.
Can't believe how terrible the service is.  I am giving this place a 1-star simply because in comparison to other places it doesn't live up to the standard.  Keep in mind this is also a chain restaurant and according to my friend other locations are much, much better.
Don't come here.  Improve your service and earn your tip like any other restaurant.I've been twice and I pretty much love this place. However like others say servers are spread thin and it sometimes takes awhile for them to come back over. The meat is delicious and the grill was changed and oiled frequently. I usually get the 35/ person or 45/person we don't feel rushed and have fun. Just bring good company and you should be fine.Great for large parties! They have a party menu for groups of people that's a great deal with tons of food! Tons of meats to cook for yourself, salad, miso soup, edamame, and smores for dessert! Food is delicious and staff is attentive and friendly!Hands down the best Japanese BBQ in town! The quality of meat is great and their BBQ sauce is like no other. Servers are super attentive. Most importantly, it's the only place in Philly where you can get Lady M mille crepes! (as far as I know)I suggested Gyu-Kaku to my boy friend and his friends. They really enjoyed the food here and we only ordered most of all of Beef menu that they had (nearly). Will go back again!My boyfriend and I love it here! Whenever we feel the desire to splurge a little, we come here. Love that you can cook your food to desired tenderness and that we get a lot of little varieties of food. The meat is so good on its own we rarely use the sauces that they serve along with our meal. Big fans of their bipbimbap as well! Occasionally the service has been a tad slow and they definitely watered down the sake when we came for lunch one time. Other than that, a great spot for dates!My first time here and I had a great experience ! The food was great. My favorites were the Kobe beef and green tea crepe! Our server Eric was nice and he went through the menu with my cousin and I since it was our first time. I had no complaints whatsoever ! I would def come back again !!We came here on a sunday noon when they just opened for the day and there was many people seated and eating already.
My friend and I got the Gyu-Kaku Value for two people which was about $65.
It starts with 3 Spicy Tuna Volcano (really spicy), a plate of edamame, I enjoyed it because I'm not a fan of spicy things. It came with the Gyu-kaku Salad, steamed rice and miso soup. I really like the salad dressing.
Next was the BBQ with Kalbi short ribs, Harami Miso skirt steak, Toro Beef White Soy, Salmon Miso, Chicken Basil and a plate of vegetables. The salmon was my favorite, it was wrapped in foil so it cooked faster than the meat. The servers are very attentive checking to see if you need your grill plate changed and stuff. 
S'mores came out at the end.
Overall, a delicious dinner.This place was excellent!!!!!!!. My wife and I were in the area for a popular pizza place when we walked by this place and smelled the outstanding aroma coming out the door. We immediately changed our minds and headed in. The food was amazing and the service was great.My Japanese friend recommended this restaurant to me. I gave it a try and it was beyond my expectation. The salad dressing was delicious and balanced. The tuna poke was full of flavors. The BBQ meats were well-marinated and I liked the DIY experience. Definitely come back again!My boyfriend and I came here after running Broad St and we were FAMISHED haha as you can imagine after running 10 miles 
We have never been here before and wanted to try out their AYCE option but unfortunately we couldn't because they don't serve it on the weekends due to high volume which was kind of a bummer cause that was the whole point of us going.
We decided to do a happy hour combo dinner we chose they meaty option that had all beef cuts and it came with miso soup, salad and popcorn chicken. The popcorn chicken was really tender and juicy! We also got some Bellinis since their was a happy hour special for them too
Now onto the meat, the cuts we're flavor wise pretty good but the portions omg were barely any. We had to order extra portions of meat because we were still hungry. They gave us rice and there were 3 different dipping sauces on the table too. I do prefer kbbq because of the side dishes but with jbbq that did not come with the meal, it was on the menu but at an extra cost. 
This place was good but I would only come back during the ayce option for your money's worth. It ended up being almost $100 between the two of us and we weren't completely satisfiedI had such an incredible experience at Gyu-Kaku. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by Amy and Sabreeya who were both so sweet. Our server Jason provided excellent service and was so patient with us as we asked many questions and were unsure what to order. Jason checked in several times to make sure we were comfortable and were enjoying ourselves. The food was incredible and everything was so fresh and was prepared in a timely fashion. After my first time here I cannot wait to come back and bring friends and family with me so they can have a great experience as well.My first time here was fabulous! The food is great and our waiter crystal was absolutely amazing. I can't remember the last time we had better service. Thank you crystal!Since this is an all you can eat bbq restaurant, we were excited for our first visit and came hungry. After being here for an hour, we were still hungry. We made reservations and were seated within 20 minutes. Our first dish (appetizer side) didn't come out until 40 minutes after being seated. Don't really understand why since you have to cook your own food. I haven't yelped in years, but felt I had to for this experience since I found this place via yelp. It's hard to enjoy yourself when food isnt coming to the table in a timely manner. Good news once the raw selection comes out, it's only another 15 minute wait for the next dish.Food was good.  Not good for a large group.   We had 12 in our group.  Service needed help.  We all ordered drinks some came. The rest had to ask several times for theirs.  Food did not come out at the same time.  Some was done eating before others got there's .It's been my favorite but I will never go back since the incident yesterday.
The waitress that served us barely showed up to help. She was slow and didn't care at all. At the end, she also put the number of people in my party as 6 so the system can automatically charge 18% tip on our bill (she then used a pen to correct the number). We usually leave 20-25% tip. But we could clearly tell that she did that on purpose because she was afraid we wouldn't leave any tip. We will never go backWow, but in an awful way! 
Service was so poor that we walked in, only to walk out. The staff appears to not know what they're doing. Poorly managed, especially during the lunch hour. First we had to wait 15 minutes for an already vacant table. Once we were seated, we sat for another 10 minutes for someone to come to our table. Once we finally saw a server, they walked by us like we weren't even there. Meantime, customers at another table were desperately trying to flag down servers and weren't getting helped. That was it! We got up and left. We've been here before, but we won't be back.We had avocado salad, kalbi, harami, beef tongue, premium sirloin, sukiyaki bibimbap, and green tea mille crepes. The menu was a bit limited compared to the ones in Tokyo, but everything was delicious. My best favorite is harami for sure.
I see some people gave low ratings because the service was slow. We also needed to wait a little bit as we didn't make a reservation, but otherwise, the service seemed perfectly fine to me. Our server was very very friendly and made us feel welcomed. I would definitely come back :)Will NEVER go to this place again! This is the worst costumer service I have ever had. 20 min wait even with the reservation, nobody take orders, keep ask you to wait a sec, and we waiting for 30min for 1/5 of the food after talk to the manager, order are miss placed, bring an alcohol version of beverage to an underage people. Just no service at all, and force to charge 20% tips........My son loves this place which is why we go. As for me , if I am going to cook my own food I'd rather do it at home. It is fun though just make sure you allot yourself 2+ hours to get through the meal. The service is always good too. The only negative is that there is no leg room at the tables. My tall family was crampedSecond time here this week and can't wait to come back. The all you can eat option is a steal and the servers are amazing. Thanks again to Heaven,misty,and chasilee for a great job. The food is phenomenal and everyone in foh is super attentive. Great date spot as well, highly recommend itI don't know why this place is underrated! I am sitting inside as i am writing this and I had a wonderful experience. Our server Eric was very nice and attentive. He made sure we understood everything because this was my first time. The general manager came up to us and asked how everything was. We came for the premium lunch special and I am very full. The meats were fresh and nicely marinated, barely needed any dipping sauces. I LOVE their salad and miso soup as well. We had their green tea crepe that was also delicious. I really recommend this place. Everyone was welcoming and very sweet.We went there not knowing it would be best to have reservations but still got seated after a five minute wait. They made us felt very welcome with their greeting that I couldn't really understand. With it being our first time there, we ordered the taste menu for two. The service was great. The food came very quickly. Everything that they served us was fresh. The taste was great and the grilling was fun. The only problem we had was our hands being sticky after touching the sauce bottles.Had a good time with friends here. The meat is fresh and the sauces are tasty. In addition, the points redemption is great for people who come to the restaurant a lot! Recommend!I enjoyed myself here. Staff are friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed the rice. I cant spell it but it sounds like this  SU KI YA KI lol that just might be how its spelled. Hell if i know. But it was so darn good. I would go back for that alone. Well that probably is the only reason i would go back. Oh yeah and the spicy tuna rolls. That was really really really good as well. I have no complaints about this place. Glad i found it!Some friends and I came here for a birthday dinner last night, and had the worst experience with service. The food was very good, althogh the portions were smaller than depicted on the menu. 
We had a reservation for 830pm. At 9 they told us they were setting up our table, and at 915 they finally seated us.  So I'm not sure what the purpose of the reservation was.  We asked our waitress a few questions about some items on the menu, but she really didn't know what we were asking.  Once we ordered we did wait quite a while for the meats to come out, and all the meats and veggies came out separately.  Everyone at the table ordered a la carte, and 3 of us out of 5 ordered the filet. When she finally brought it out, she set it down and said it was a serving of 2 filet plates.  After she said she brought everything out, we had to tell her we were missing several items. 1 filet, our fried bacon appetizer that never appeared, a side of spinach and a side of bacon wrapped asparagus, and 2 sides of garlic paste.  She apologized and said the kitchen was backed up.  But why did we have to tell her?  She wrote everything down, why didnt she realize we were missing so many things?  She came right back and said the filet she brought out earlier was for all 3 orders, even though originally she said it was only 2, but she said she'd ask the kitchen to make another order.  We waited about 20 minutes when she came back and asked if everything was ok.  Had to remind her of our missing food, and again she said the kitchen was backed up.  I bought this the first time, but how does a kitchen get this badly backed up when most of the food we ordered was to be cooked by us?  All they had to do was prep it.  After another 20 minutes or so we got the spinach and the fried bacon, but no filet.  Had to ask again.  Finally got that and 2 sides of the crunchy garlic oil instead of the garlic paste.  Once we were finished eating we asked for the check, and we all thought for sure that something was going to be taken off the check or discounted given the abysmal service.  We should have known better since the manager, Serge, never came by to check on us the entire service.  They charged full price for everything.  We tried talking to the manager to explain all the issues we had with the service and he blamed us because we ate the food.  We were hungry and getting served in small increments, of course we ate everything.  Serge refused to take anything off the check or provide any discount.  On top of all this they had the nerve to include a 20% gratuity.  Nowhere on the menu did it state parties of 5 or more were automatically assessed 20% gratuity.  We refused to pay the gratuity and paid cash for all the food we consumed and left with Serge telling us we weren't worth his time.  
This is really ashame because we all liked the food very much, but the food could not make up for the lousy service or the manner in which we were treated.Great atmosphere
Fun experience cooking your own food
Awesome bartender 
Can definitely see myself going back time and time againI was really looking forward to trying this restaurant out but was very disappointed. To start I was hoping to try the "All You Can Eat" BBQ menu but they stopped doing that during the weekends since last month. Our waitress was nice but the service was so slow. We ordered group set menu Shogun. Everything that came out was too salty that everyone was gulping down their water. Portion was so small and the quality of food was definitely not worth the amount of money we paid. Maybe the one in NY is better...it does have better reviews. I don't see myself coming back to this PA location again.Went here recently for the all-you-can-eat barbecue, and was an overall great experience. I got the 'premium' barbecue selection as I saw no reason to pay extra to get the 'ultimate' when the 'premium' already had plenty to choose from.
Service had a minor hiccup here and there (there were times when we had no water), but in general it was pretty fast.
They have a large selection (20 or so items on the premium menu) of marinated pork and beef, which were all great. A favorite of mine was the spicy pork. The seaweed salad appetizer I got was less than impressive, but that's honestly not why I go to a place like this anyway. Next time, I think I'd just stick with edamame as an appetizer and focus on the meats and other barbecue items.My first time ever visiting Gyu-Kaku...and yes, I might be the only Japanese person who's never visited Gyu-Kaku before.  I just hope not all the food is the same with all they Gyu-Kaku locations...because it was really mediocre here. It was Japanese-style-Korean-food obviously being prepared by people who's never had real Japanese or Korean food.  Everything tasted off and strange.  Meats were ok.Who ever was working the front desk at 7:45-8 pm on April 13th 2016 should be fired. Terrible service! I came in and was told if I did not have a reservation It would be a 2 hour wait. So naturally I left, but checked online and saw there was a reservation slot open at 8:15! I reserved the time zone and came back in saying I have a reservation but was refused service. I asked to talk to the manager but was ignored, the guy just left the table and went into the kitchen. In my life i have never seen such bad service and it even started before I sat down at a table!$80 for 2 lunch menu (limited) - Rip off, cheap quality meats, starters and dessert. The place is dirty, extremely hot and the seats were sticky.Came here today, and I was a bit disappointed. The foods were alright. But my server Crystal seems a little bit confused. She brought other people's food to my table, and I and my friends had a hard time to get her attention as well. It was busy in the restaurant though, so could be understandable. However, the experience for us wasn't good.I made a reservation for Saturday night. It wasn't crowded when I got there so we were seated right away when we arrived early. It is casual eating which I was happy about. The menu is complicated but fort house who can't make decisions there is a page of basically suggested meals for two. We got the 65 dollar one. It was plenty, two types of beef, pork, salmon, chicken were the meats. They came with veggies to grill, rice, miso soup, salad, tuna volcanos and edamame and I ordered a side of bacon chips... Well because it's bacon. The server was really nice and all the food was really good. Especially the bacon chips.Surprisingly good! Maybe because of the fantastic server we had. Naquoai (?) My brother who is a big Japanese food fan thought it was great. The flavors are typical Japanese (nice and clean) and not quite as tasty as the Korean BBQ. Happy hour prices helped and made the experience affordable. Will be back!This is my second time going to  Gyu-Kaku. 1st time I went to Taiwan location and had a super bad experience so I told myself NEVER give them another chance. The reason why I had a very bad experience in Taiwan location is that I didn't go for all-you-can-eat option and they still gave me two-hour-limitation to eat my food because they said "we have other customers waiting"! Come-on, we had almost 10 people and do you know how long it takes to feed 10 people, especially when you have 10 people with one grill. 
However, I was told they opened one in Philadelphia and  it didn't said they also give you 90-minute to finish your food on the website so here we are that I am the fool again.
Anyway, food and service are good and only complain is they should TELL you that they only give you 90minutes on all-you-can-eat up front. When I said "up front" mean that they should put it on the website. If you can't offer all-you-can-eat, don't offer it. 
When you go to a restaurant, you want to enjoy your food, taste it and relax not battling time for your food.I was pretty hesitant to try Gyu Kaku based on the past reviews. We made a reservation for 6:15 and were promptly seated when we arrived. Good thing too since later on, the restaurant was packed!  
Again, based on the reviews, we decided against the AYCE and just ordered A la carte. They were out of the fries and lobster nuggets, which were disappointing, but our server promptly suggested to us the garlic rice and the garlic noodles, which were amazing. Service at the beginning was pretty slow. It took us a while to get our food and our waitress literally walked by our table multiple times, ignoring us after we told her we didn't want anything else besides water (though she kept on pushing for us to get a soda).
We ordered the chicken karage, tasty trio, spicy pork, pork belly, skirt steak, and kalbi. The beef was definitely amazing, better quality than a lot of other Asian BBQ places we had been too. It was a good amount of food too with each plate covering about half the table grill. We were "full" with 3 more entrees still to come! The pork was not as great. We're pretty used to marinated pork belly, so while the meat was good, it didn't really have much flavor.
Service, while struggling at the beginning, improved significantly as the night went on. There were periods where we were waiting with no food to be served our next meat. Our server came back to let us know that the delay had been due to our order being lost in the kitchen. She apologized and said that management offered to give us $10 off and the chicken karage on the house! Which is, honestly, amazing service! 
The manager was also seen constantly walking around, filling waters and making sure things were running smoothly.  When it came time to pay, we were also able to use another $10 off code that comes with downloading their app, so our total really came down to a lot less than what we had expected (also deducting the chicken karage and another $10 off!).  Overall, it turned out to be a great experience. The food was good, service was great, and we both left very full and satisfied!The quality and quantity is really bad now compare with the beginning . The portion is so little , the mushroom is super salty , service is not as good as well. The lady m green tea crepe dessert literally just piss me off , not because of the cake itself but the portion that the restaurant serves us !!! $10.95 for two bites.... Really!!! The restaurant is being so cheap now..I come here a lot but this time was really not the same as all my previous experience here. Perhaps it's Mother's Day. I had reservation at 7, but I was seated around 8, I had to wait one extra hour even though I showed up on time. And then when we got seated, we waited another 15 min until our waiters show up to us, during that time, no water no service no one cared about us. And then the food was came up so slow, I literally spent 2 hours eating there. And the waiter missed 2 plates, luckily I checked my receipt, or I would just pay for what I didn't get.This is a great place to come. Excellent service and friendly staff. Jason, Amy, and Sabriyah were helpful and offered great suggestions.Jourdan is the best! Great service and super friendly personality. Having an awesome server makes the world of a difference!! Oh and the restaurant is cool too.Been here a few times afterwards. My first time back was on the house, trying to win us back. Took that experience with a grain of salt since they knew we were coming. It worked and got us to give it another chance. All of our experiences since then have been pleasant to great. We'll have to go back in the spring/summer to see if they've figured out there fly problem. Fall and winter months worked out fine.I've been here twice - once for lunch and another for date night. Both times, we were treated like royalty. On date night, it was pouring rain and our plans had been ruined. Gyu-Kaku and Ms. Julie, the manager, made sure we would have a good night.
Their drinks are strong, and they have daily specials. When I said I didn't like Midori, they re-made my drink without it, and without me asking. We ordered the filet, pork belly, and chicken. Even as the restaurant was clearing out and we were the last customers there, they never rushed us or made us feel uncomfortable. They made us feel even more special by giving us a complimentary glass of sparkling jelly sake and wishing us a happy anniversary. 
Note* This is not a place for a quick 30-minute lunch/dinner. Dinner will last at least an hour-two hours. This is not their fault. 
If you ask for suggestions, they are very friendly and will share their personal favorites. They also have a late-night happy hour. It's a very personal space and you can enjoy cooking your dinner together without interruption from waitstaff. We can't wait to go back!This place got me! We came in earlier than our reservation so we went to the bar for some drinks. The bf got the Kirin beer in an ice cold mug (he can't stop raving how awesome the cold mug was) and I got the Peach Sangria and it was the best one I've had in a long time! They used the best ingredients with generous amounts of berries and peaches... also a plus that our bartender was very pleasant and a great mixologist. As soon as 7pm struck, they asked us if we're ready to be seated. The seating is not very private I must say because you can see and hear what your neighbor is doing but  this is just an FYI, I don't really care, I came for the food. Our server came pretty soon and he provided us with the menus and gave us some information about the menu and also recommended some items. He recommended the course menu for 2 people for $75 so we decided to get that. The food came fast! We got our miso soup, hot oil seared salmon, gyu-kaku salad, steamed shrimp dumplings and the garlic fried rice bibimbap all at the same time. Below are my individual reviews for the appetizers/starters:
** miso soup - typical miso soup, not too salty which I like and it has it's common seaweed and tofu chunks
** hot oil seared salmon - one of my faves (craving it now)! generously thinly sliced and slightly "seared" from the hot oil and citrusy blend, it was also garnished with ginger which added more flavor and crunch to the dish
** gyu-kaku salad - it was your mixed greens and chopped veggies and the house dressing (mayo-based) is what made this starter
** steamed shrimp dumplings - this was my 2nd favorite; it was also topped with chili oil and garlic which definitely added more flavor to the dish, steamed perfectly
** garlic rice bibimbap - I wish they told me I was not getting more of this so I can save it for the entrees but it was so good, I ate it all in no time. It was topped with egg, garnishes and seasoning and your server will mix it for you tableside 
Soon after the starters, the GM of the restaurant came to oil the grill and asked how our meal is going so far. I raved about it of course! Then the our meats came; kobe style bistro, hanger steak miso, kalbi short rib tare and chicken basil. The chicken definitely took longer to cook but the meats were seasoned well. No complaints but it didn't come with sides so I ordered the white rice. The next meats came and it was the NY strip steak garlic, chillean seabass in spicy sauce and assorted veggies. I wish they gave us the veggies, the seabass and the chicken basil first because these are the items that took longer. The seabass was wrapped in foil with tomatoes and mushroom - it was tender, seasoned perfectly and great dish to add with all the meats. My favorite was the kobe, seabass, and the strip steak but dont get me wrong, EVERYTHING was too good - I can't wait to go back already. After we finished everything, our server attentively cleaned our table and replaced the grill for s'mores. What can you complain about if you're getting s'mores for dessert and it's included in your course menu?? Overall, this place is just too good and I hope the staff and service will remain the same. I can't wait to go back and will definitely recommend the place to our friends and family!!As an Asian from Asia who have sampled yakiniku in Japan and korean bbq in Korea I would say the food here is OK even good for Philly standard. However the issue is the service. Our server looked like we were annoying her + didn't want to serve us. Service is slow and inconsistent. We were asked several times if we wanted to order more when we weren't ready and when we were the server was totally out of sight.
Ordered:
- toro beef - recommended
- pork belly - recommended
- hanger steak - tasted OK
- strip steak - tough and tasted like pork
- haramo skirt steak - good! Recommended
- tofu jigae soup - okay, not recommended
- goma negi ramen - lots of noodle and meat for 7 bucks. It tasted alright but it was a good filling for end-of-meal. Recommened if u want something hot and soupy.
Overall I would go back whilst saying this place is only worth the value during happy hour. Also, I don't care tooo much about the service, so I will give it one more try until the service becomes unbearable.The meat platter for two was great.  Courteous, attentive service by Jason and a woman whose name I didn't get.  Would go again, and I highly recommend for a night out.千万别来这家店Reservation made one day before we came but it took half an hour to get us a seat. Extremely long before food get served and 2 dishes/ drinks were served incorrectly. The service doesn't really worth the tip charged automatically. Think twice before you come.This restaurant is great! The servers are very nice and the food is tasty. I had Leon on our first two trips and he remembered us. He offers great choices too and is not hesitant to change your grill whenever you want. On top of that, it's affordable and the ambience is nice.
I would suggest the New York Strip and the Pork Belly. The Kobe style meat choices didn't seem that much different, but I'm not an expert in food tasting. If anything, they were bigger than the average size meat served. I love the three options for the sauce especially the spicy one. It's not really spicy and it's actually a bit sweet. The ponzu is more like a sauce with a citrus taste and the regular is a like a dumpling sauce. For desserts, the serve icecream a like vanilla and green tea. I like how they also incorporate the grilling experience for their deserts. For example, they have smore's and the red bean fish cake served with vanilla icecream.
Overall, I love this restaurant. The food, the ambience, and the employees are great.Unfortunately, this wasn't a very pleasant experience. The service was insanely slow and the appetizers took about 40 minutes to come out. Also, our bbq mains took another 20 minutes to come out after that. 
The waiter clearly understood our frustration and brought out extra smores for the table. Still an overall let down. Would not recommend this place:(This was amazing!! First time BBQing in a setting like this. We got the all you can eat deal and it was more than enough. Everything was really fresh and flavorful; the seaweed salad was great and the options were endless. We got the less expensive all you can eat deal but I can't imagine getting the other one with even more options. I highly recommend coming here BUT make sure you have a reservation. First time we tried this place we were turned away because we were walk ins.The food and presentation are good however the service was terrible 
If you have a party of more than two and only two want AYCE you must all order the AYCE no exceptions
We will not be backThis place is definitely an experience. When you walk into Gyu-Kaku, all of the waiters on the floor greet you in what I am assuming is Japanese. It's very cute the first time but each customer that walks in gets greeted so it's a bit distracting. The waitress was helpful in explaining how the "grill your own food thing" worked. For starters I ordered a miso soup. My cousin and I also got edamame and Steamed Chili Shrimp Dumplings to share.  We ordered two meat (Kobe Style Bistro Hanger Steak and Kobe Style Flap Steak), scallops and two vegetables (corn and zucchini). I liked the Kobe Bistro Hanger Steak. The scallops were just ok and the vegetables complimented the meal well. I would definitely get three type of meat next time and skip the scallops. We had smores for dessert which were SUCH a spot hitter. It was a good meal and a new experience.i was very excited to find out gyu-kaku opened a location in philly, so i recommended a lot of my friends to check it out . We came in here as a group of five , the service was great , our server kept us accommodated. There were also several other servers that kept checking on us, changing the grill and adding water. 
Now On to the food, I have to admit it was mediocre. Their location in New York is so much better, usually chain restaurants uses the same ingredients and spices to marinate their meat, but this this location could not live up to its standards. 
Since there were five of us, we ordered every appetizer and meat that was on the menu. We also  had salmon, asparagus, and bibimbap, they were all two orders of each. Out of all these food , I don't have a favorite . Everyone agreed there was nothing memorable of the night. 
I don't know if i'll come back or not, maybe when they get better in the future.The food was good, but very expensive. I would stick to the beef items if you are doing the BBQ. We had the Skirt steak, hangar steak, and the galbi. All of these were delicious and worth getting. We didnt go with the Kobe variety due to budget concerns, and it doesnt really seem necessary since the regular meat is still very good. The garlic egg bibimbap fried rice was delicious and we ended up having to get more because it was so good. The assorted veggies were alright, but you might as well get another beef item instead of unmarinated vegetables. 
This place only gets 3 stars because of awful service. We had to ask for water 4 times before actually getting it. It took the staff 20 minutes to get our check. It doesnt really make any sense because there are so many people working there, it just seems poorly organized. I haven't been to any other japanese BBQ places in philly, so I cant really compare it to any other places.Crystal was AWESOME...IT was my first time coming and what Na great treat from my Hubby.
We will definitely be back as long as we get Crystal as our server.
All you can eat from the premium menu.
YumGreat experience. This was my first time trying Japanese bbq and this place surely didn't let me down. Definitely recommend taking the lunch bbq specials. Totally worth it!I have to update my review for Gyu-Kaku because I honestly believe things have really gone downhill here. I love the food, and I come here often, but the service lately has been terrible. We came here for a weekend lunch, and it took THREE HOURS for us to get in and out. 
All of the food came out at random times and seemingly backwards order, several items were things we didn't even order, and we ended up receiving the rice that is supposed to come with the lunch special at the very end of our meal when we were already full. Getting our bill took another hour, and we had to give up on ordering more beers because we knew it was a lost cause.
In the end, our bill had a ton of mistakes, and when corrected, had several new ones. We also were visited by probably 5 different servers throughout our entire dining experience who kept losing track of what we had ordered and who we ordered it from.
Again, I think the food is delicious and of high quality. The price is also very reasonable for lunch, and I think it's a great dining experience overall. However, the service standards needs to change quickly or else this place will be a bust!So reading the reviews about slow service, I planned ahead and showed up at 5pm! One of my friends is vegetarian so the manager allowed me and my girlfriend to order from AYCE while my veg friend ordered a la carte. So that was gracious of them. Good start!
I ordered the hangar steak (flavorful and tender), the New York strip (lean, so slightly tough and lacking flavor), rib eye (def my favorite; super tender and flavorful), thin marinated beef (I forget what it was called but this was really flavorful too), the shrimp and calamari (it was okay), and some various appetizers. Overall the food was fantastic!
Our server was friendly but her service was a little slow probably due to her juggling several tables. The food service was generally slow, especially since it was only 5pm so I'm just glad I didn't go later than that.
We ended with s'mores and green tea ice cream, both excellent and very decent ways to end a satisfying meal! I would give this experience 4.5 stars (docking for service speed) but I'll round it up ;)I live 1 block from here.  Very convenient, confused at what type of food, and seems to have identity issues.  We went with the "steak meal" for $115 total.  Price I felt was ok... Until... FARM raised sushi grade salmon (don't eat this), cold miso soup, GREAT edamame, and then un-seasoned raw veggies and 4 types of 3oz cuts of un-seasoned raw meat?  
Maybe we ordered wrong, or made the mistake of taking meat recommendations from our vegan waiter (BYW, love vegan food, but it's a Korean steakhouse...).  All in all, 2 stars for the polite owner and staff (sharp looking gentleman too),  
Food was blan, we cooked it ourselves with no seasoning, girlfriend ended up taking shots of alka seltzer when we got home.
Final straw, s'more for dessert...  Literally, graham cracker, marshmallow, and 2 pieces of Hershey bar.
Step up Gyu-Kaku, with that showing, its different, but won't last in this part of Philadelphia.. 
If they change menus and allow staff to assist more (or chef/manager/owner) to show us at least in the beginnimg how to cook the food, it would be better and more comfortable. If they helped a little even in the beginning, and added seasoning, I'd give it a 50/50 chance.
Restaurant Enthusiest, private dining maître D, and respectfully commenting,
Brad MessengerMy favorite restaurant period!!!!! I am at this restaurant too many times a week but I'm satisfied every single time. The staff is amazing (Nico & Patrick are bomb) and the service is always on point. Even when I don't have a reservation they try their best to accommodate me always! I'll probably eat there after writing this review lol!Terrible customer service experience. My wife, her mother and I went in on a Sunday evening around 7:00 for dinner and asked for a table. The server told us 20 minutes, so we came inside and started looking at menus. 45 minutes later, nobody had said anything to us, so I went and asked the server when our name was coming up, at which point he said we were the third name to be seated next and that there was nothing that he could do. No conciliatory words, just blame shifting. I have no idea how we kept getting pushed down the list. 
My wife then watched a server lick her fingers before handling the food, at which point we wanted nothing more to do with the place and left. Absolutely pathetic. Disgusting, and completely without the warmth or courtesy that you find in almost any other restaurant in the city.Yaki shabu is very good. Kobe is so so.  Great value if go for lunch and late night mealWe were planning on a ramen lunch before visiting the Barnes Museum but to find street parking for two cars around 20th. St in center city was an impossibility. 
Finding a parking lot only a block from the museum was incredibly  lucky but stumbling just by chance on Gyu-Kaku was a serendipitous experience!
The restaurant was packed but me and my three companions were lucky enough to snag one of the few remaining booths. 
A good start to our most excellent dining experience was the $2.50 16oz Kirin beers that me and the A-man imbibed. Mitsubishi not only makes a pretty good car but also has a excellent beer company as one of it's holdings.
The fried shrimp dumplings that we ordered as an appetizer were outstanding and the seaweed salad was the most flavorful that I have ever had!
Our grilling order of Kalbi short rib, Harami miso skirt steak, and Bistro hanger steak were tender and delicious.
We also ordered Spicy tofu chigae, doubles of Beef sukiyaki bibimbap, and a Vegetable bibimbap. All but the veggie bap were extremely flavorful which was very bland and lacked any discerning flavor at all.
 To add insult to injury, this bowl was the last to come out after an inordinate amount of time had passed. I mean a reeeeally long time;  like the three of us were almost completely done with our meals before our last dining partner was served (she however was a most gracious and understanding dining companion that took the delay in stride). 
This glitch, and the blandness of that bowl was the only thing that held up G-K's  five star rating. 
That being said, this issue will definitely not deter us from visiting this establishment for there mostly superlative offerings.My friends and I came here for my first time here and did the premium option of all you can eat. We went with every single beef, poultry, and chicken option and found them to all be great quality and juicy. Not a seafood guy, but I found it to be great. 
Not only was the meal great, but Crystal, our server, made the experience even better. She was super friendly and made us feel welcome throughout the entire meal. The table was consistently cleared, our waters were never empty, and always had something funny to say when she was around. THANK YOU FOR A GREAT TIME CRYSTAL!!Not a memorable experience at all. The service is slow, and the food mediocre. It took us almost half an hour to get the right check. When we were leaving, someone was still trying to bring us food. I really don't know what is going on with this place. The two Gyu-Kakus in Chicago which I've been to are way better than this one in Philly.Excellent experience! Good service, maybe a little fast but great food and explanations through the evening. Each piece of meat was better than the last!First time coming here, came here at 7 and waited 70 minutes until it's FINALLY our turn to be seated. It was a weekend on a Saturday and I get it at a busy hour we might have to wait a long time and all that hassle . I don't mind the long wait, but when we came in the door, the lady said that we have to wait 20 minutes but we ended up waiting for more that one hour! 
What I really like was the service and the food!!
Our server Carlos, was really friendly and patient. The food is just amazinggggggggg. A tip would be to make a reservation first before coming !Nice set up  ... Plus good services the rice really good .. I give it two thumbs up . Great atmosphere friendly peopleSuch a fun experience! My boyfriend and I decided to check out Gyu after hearing so many great reviews on their BBQ. We did not have a reservation but the host was very accommodating in getting us a table right away.  Our server, Crystal, was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and helped us decide what to get! The Autumn all you can eat deal is an insane amount of food for the price! And you can't beat a $2 draft beer. We will definitely be returning!!Came here around 10:00 pm. It's very nice for them to be still open at this time, since most of restaurant close early or even don't ope on Sunday.
Food were good, especially the Kobe style rib eye steak, which is my favorite. I ordered two every time I came to this place. 
Also the Lady M cake is just too delicious, I don't even run to NYC to buy it.
Service is good enough, all the waiters and waitress are nice and they kindly introduced the menu to my group.
Nice place to hang in philly.I've been here a few times over the past year: once when it first opened, most recently, today (May 15, 2015), and two or three times in-between. The quality has been slowly declining ever since the opening but our latest experience is probably the nail in the coffin. The hostess/manager was very nice. She seated us and gave us her spiel. Our waiter came a couple minutes later. I don't know if he was new or if he was just bad, but he had the personality of an inanimate object. He was hard to hear and also brought the check way too early, seemingly wanting to kick us out. Normally I'd be annoyed by that except there were so many flies in the area we were sitting that my wife and I were relieved we could leave. At first there was a couple. Fine. I can deal with that. Annoying, sure, but I ended up swatting one of them so it was down to one. Then another one showed up. Then three more. It got to the point where we were shoving hot BBQ into our mouths so the flies wouldn't land on it and we could leave sooner. I understand it's the summer and there's bugs, but that got out of hand. Really though, even without the fly problem, the service, which was average at best to begin with, has taken a nose dive. There's better BBQ places with better service in the city and just outside of it.2018 edit: I've still been coming here on a semi-regular basis, and I've noticed the service finally improving. The food, of course, is still delicious, which is why I keep coming back. I've had no issues the last handful of times I came here, so I raised my review up a star.
-----
All the food here that I tried (other than the chicken) is sooo delicious and flavorful, and the lunch special is a steal. Rice, salad, soup, plus several meats? Wow! I also really like the bibimbap. It's definitely my favorite Japanese BBQ place and I've gone here numerous times. However, there are a few reasons it's only getting 3 stars. 
Service is spotty. My friends and I have been forgotten by the waiters more than once. Last time the waiter was near the end of his shift and just plain left, apparently without telling anyone else were were in the back. Once my friend got uncut meat and they told her to cut it herself rather than taking it back to the kitchen. I have a food allergy and on my first visit they were super accommodating, but every visit since they've gotten less and less so to the point where I can't order one menu item anymore because it comes out entirely flavorless with no seasoning or sauce, apparently in an attempt to protect me while putting in the minimum of effort. We get conflicting info about whether or not rice refills are free depending on who is working, and I'm pretty sure one time the waiter just straight up lied to us that the manager said no. I come here often enough that I can recognize the managers, and none were on shift. Also, it was a manager who told us the rice refill was free in the first place, but I've given up on asking for it since I will be full regardless and it's not worth any drama. Another time, the waitress gave us some else's order and when we pointed it out, she somehow added the correct meat as an addition to the bill even though she SWAPPED it with the incorrect meat, so it's not like we actually ate any extra meat at all. That just felt shady to me since she would have had to physically add the meat to our bill. It's not an automatic thing. It's not always a bad experience with the waiter/waitress, but at Gyu-kaku the possibility is very real.
Secondly, recently they made their lunch special for the weekdays only, which severely limits how many people can take advantage of it. Many of us are working, in school, or both. So when are we supposed to go other than during the weekend? The prices are a bit too high to afford for us otherwise so we can barely go anymore.
Still, despite these flaws, I keep coming back. The service isn't great but the food is so drool-worthy.It was pretty busy due to the July Fourth weekend but Crystal was very kind and provided excellent customer service. It's tough to find a server who is upbeat here in Philly. Looking forward to having her as our server again!!My boyfriend and I love coming to Guy-Kaku. The food is great and the service is stellar. Every time we go, the service is great. Lily is a very conscientious waitress and the rest of the staff are quick and friendly. 
We usually get the spicy tuna volcano and the meat lovers course for two. It is very filling and you need to be hungry to finish it. That being said, it is delicious! I like the variety of what is offered and the volcano is so great. The cocktails are also good and the bibimbap is my favorite part of the meal! 
Tip: Download the rewards app. It doesn't take much to get a free reward!This is a re-review after coming here numerous times. I still believe this restaurant is a good deal and Quality if you can eat alot. Say 8+ plates of food per person but after some recent price increases, it has left a bad impression on me. On weekends, it can be around $50+ without taxes and tip. Let alone any drinks. Try to go on Monday and Thursday when the prices are not as high for the buffet.
Overall: 3 (Rounded) 
Food: 3
Service: 3
Price: 2.5
Atmosphere: 3Not as good as people review.
OK employees
Price not cheap
environment is too smoky, smells funny
Only good for groups not couples.The food here is above average; it is well-marinated and quite flavorful. We ordered two lunch combinations, which were quite good deals: $12.95 for three meats, rice, salad, and miso soup, or $9.95 for the same combination, except with two meats.
However, we had a lot of issues with the service. First of all, it took about 30 minutes for them to serve the meat that we ordered. The salad and soup came out quickly, as did the garlic fried rice bibimbap that we ordered, but there was such a long delay between that and the meat. Once the meat came, it took another 5 or 10 minutes before the steamed rice came. 
The grill was also not well-oiled. At other yakiniku places I've been to, the food never sticks to the grill. 'Twas not the case for Gyu-Kaku; all the meats ended up sick of to the grill.
When the bill came, the combos that we we ordered were encoded as individual items. As of the moment, it's been ten minutes since we asked them to change it and I was able to write this review before I got the corrected bill. Quite disappointing.
Bottom line: if you don't mind poor service, but want affordable, good tasting yakiniku, then you should try this place out. Otherwise, try Bon Chon.Location, Decoration and Atmosphere
Although it was the first time I visited Gyu-Kaku in Philadelphia, it was not a difficult place to find. I went there with a group of 4 on Saturday noon. It is in a glass-enclosed architecture; the interior design is simple and modern. When we walked into the restaurant, first there was a mini bar; the different kinds of wine bottles neatly placed on the table. Although the restaurant has 23 BBQ tables, for each table, there is a self-controlled BBQ grill, and the seats are comfortable. However, the seating was not private, since you could hear and see what your neighbor was doing. I loved the atmosphere at Gyu-Kaku, because it always played the pop music (k-pop music and R&B). I believe, this became one of the reasons that Gyu-Kaku attracted young people. 
Service
The service at Gyu-Kaku is always warm and thoughtful. Each table has individual server. After we had our seats, our server came pretty soon. She brought us menus and introduced the information on the menu. The food came really fast. At Gyu-Kaku, everyone became an excellent BBQ cook. Our server, Alyssa, also taught us how to cook by ourselves.
Menu, Food and drinks
The main course at Gyu-Kaku is BBQ. Customers always order the beef as their first choice. The Japanese style noodle and rice bowl are also worth to order, since the source was tasty and fresh. The portions of the food were huge. The top three I recommend are: Kobe Style Bistro Hanger Steak, Beef Tongue, and Garlic Fried Rice Bibimbap.  
* Kobe Style Bistro Hanger Steak- I love thick slice of beef instead of the thin. It had the taste mixed with sweet and salted. It was the best choice to have the steak with the spicy source, which provided on the table. 
* Beef Tongue- Once I had beef tongue at one Korean BBQ, but it tasted greasy. The beef tongue at Gyu-Kake was thinly sliced and topped with sweet source, which added more flavor to the dish. 
* Garlic Rice Bibimbap- I love the taste of garlic, and this garlic rice became one of my favorite food. One bowl of the garlic rice could serve for three people. It did not have heavy taste of garlic and it topped with a raw egg and server would mix it for our tableside.Experience experience experience, this place delivers a family style Japanese BBQ environment. We ordered the meat lovers deal with extra fried rice. They made the fried rice with a raw egg, but the bowl is heated to 325 f and the bowl cooks the rice; pretty awesome. There happy hour is pretty stellar as well $2.50 beers.We were there for a birthday party. Throughout the night we saw multiple cockroaches one of which actually crawled up my leg. We were all being understanding about it until the incident where they were crawling on my leg and on the booth chairs. We killed 3 with the help of the waitress and then decided we've had enough. As we were settling the bill, we saw a mouse run across the room and under a booth seat. When it came down to paying the bill, the manager was insinuating that we had made the whole cockroach and mouse incidents up in order to not pay for the bill.  It was disrespectful of her to blame us for their restaurants lack of cleanliness. I will not be going back, however I do hope that the health inspector does. Raw food, cockroaches and mice should really not share any space at any point in time.Went here for a birthday celebration dinner on a Friday night! Wonderful service by our waitress, Crystal. She was absolutely fantastic - very cheerful and fun!! Whether it was describing the best way to make s'mores with the grill or simply overhearing us call my boyfriend "birthday boy" and bringing him a birthday crown, dessert, and the restaurant staff to sing to him, Crystal was fantastic. Because of her great service (and the food also was absolutely delicious!!!), we will be going back. We did all you can eat. For the amount and great quality of the food, it was relatively a reasonable cost. We were also seated timely (we had a reservation but got there a little early and got seated even earlier), lots of people checked up on us, the food was so amazing, and great atmosphere for a special night out!Went back again this past Thursday with a few of my friends. the manager was really nice and our server was great. the weekday service is definitely better than Friday-Sunday. Everything came out quickly and our server consistently checked up on us to see if we needed anything else or to place additional orders. We had ordered vegetables with our AYCE but we got the same two vegetable order twice. We advised our server and she quickly brought us another one. It wasn't a big deal because in the restaurant industry, mistakes happen. Meats were great, perfectly marinated. Thank you for making my last visit a way more enjoyable visit.Best Date Night Spot! I cook every meal in our house. Breakfast, lunch, dinner & snacks. The experience for my husband to finally cook for me was so exciting. The food was excellent. We chose the "all you can eat" selection & was not disappointed. The variety ranged from seafood, steak, chicken & vegetables. Our server, Krystal explained how the experience was & suggested some of her favorite items on the menu. At the end of the meal, we were stuffed. The host staff was less friendly & seemed uninterested in making sure guests were okay. But the food made up for their staleness.We've had the best time with Crystal celebrating our anniversary! She made the service here as wonderful as the food. I believe we've had her before and both times were great and so personable. If I'd known there was a Yelp for this I'd have uploaded a review already! Best restaurant that caters to meat lovers and veggie lovers at once. The all you can eat options ($35) are a great bang for your buck and the meat and veggies are so fresh. It also comes with a desert~Bartender's back to us for 20 minutes.  Yes, I guess there is a problem with the register or someone's bill. Other staff person assisting. Does anyone pay attention to who is sitting at the bar? No.Where to start with this particular lunch experience. I really don't enjoy calling anyone out, however, Isaiah our waiter was HORRIBLE. He wasn't attentive. He was very slow. We had assistance from every other waitperson around our area except for him. We waited 15 minutes after we sat down just to receive water from him. 
The food was fine. I'm not a huge fan of cooking my own food that I pay for... Not the best idea ever. I can't fault them for the route they chose to run their restaurant. The service however really just magnified the entire experience. Please retrain him or just cut your losses. The two other guests I was with also agreed with this review.The first time we visited Gyu-Kaku, we came at the wrong time. It was so busy and we waited way to long, so we left. We received an apology from the general manager Karen, stating the situation and she wanted to make it up to us. This is pretty understandable because we did come on one of the busiest days of the year(New Year's Day)
We came back the following week with open arm. It still was quite busy but the hospitality if the staff was superb. The meal awesome. We got the kobe style course, which I recommend. We started off with the miso soup which was one of the best I've had, especially on a cold winter night. Next was the Gyu-kaki salad, everything was fresh and the dressing was prefect. The edamame was next and it was cooked perfectly with a sprinkle of salt, it wasn't too raw or too cooked, just the way I like. Next, the hot oiled seared salmon, this was my least favorite because it was cooked with ginger and I am not a fan of ginger but my friends did enjoy it. We also had the spicy salmon volcano which was one of my favorite. You can really taste the kick in the spicy salmon and the rice was a perfect neutralizer.  
I am a meat person and boy oh boy, it was awesome. The meats did not need any seasoning or sauces. The kobe filet migon was so tender and juicy. And the kobe ribeye was my favorite. You you can see the marbling of the meat and tell that it's going to be a succulent masterpiece. I just wanted more. Although the other meats were really good, these 2 were on a level of its own.
We finished off with one if the best deserts I've ever tasted. The madame(lady) m cake was awesomeness on a plate. Layers of crepe and matcha flavored goodness(cream) sits next to a scope of green tea ice cream which was pleasantly beautiful. It wasn't too sweet. Just perfect. 
Thank you Karen and your lovely staff for one of the memorable dinner experience me and my friends had. Well done. We hope to see you soon.Enjoyed dinner for a friends birthday. The atmosphere was very laid back and casual. The dining room was nicely decorated with Japense art and decor. The hostess was very friendly and sat us within moments of arriving. 
The concept at Gyu-Kaku is you order food based on various selection packages with a variety of meat and vegetable choices, then you prepare the food at your table. We had a meal that consisted of shrimp, mushrooms, and several kinds of beef. In addition we had a salad that was very tasty. For dessert we had a smore dessert. The food was very good but I must admit, I don't like the concept of paying for my food and then having to cook it too. 
Overall the experience here was good and I enjoyed coming here but am not sure that I will return. This place is definitely a great place for friends to meet and break bread together, I just don't like having to cook my own food.Went here for Thanksgiving. They offered all you can eat buffet which was a blatant lie. They take 20 mins to bring out the food which then you have to cook. The "buffet" only lasts 90 mins so you're constantly anxious about the time and constantly trying to get your waiters attention before your time runs out. You are only allowed to have 2 plates at a time. The waiters are obviously overworked and the plates are enough food for a small squirrel. Would not recommend and would definitely not go back. You pay so much money and in return you get a rushed dinner that is not nearly enough food. I also don't see why it takes 20 mins to prepare a 3oz dish of raw meat. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.The staff here is wonderful! Food is good, but service can sometimes be slow. Drink specials are A+, and the bartenders are always nice even when busy.
And no more Fox News (that I've seen), thank you!
WiFi doesn't work here though, don't even bother giving them your social media info to log on cause you'll just get kicked right off three time in a row.The food 
The food on the menu is mainly meat and small amount of vegetables. There are also several combos for people to choose. The Steamed Chili Shrimp Dumplings and the Edamame are the good choices as the refreshments before eating meats. The Kobe Short Rib is my favorite, and it tastes delicious. I agree with Kong's statement "The meats did not need any seasoning or sauces. The kobe filet migon was so tender and juicy"(yelp.com). The Bistro Hanger Steak tasted not good as I imagined. The Shrimp Garlic tastes pretty good if you do not want to too much meat and it need to cook a little longer than meat. By the way, the Sausage Fried Rice Bibimbap is delicious, but do not add the hot sauce. Spinach Garlic is the food with special cooking method that I have never seen, and spinach is wrapped in foil and cooked on the grill. We ordered the famous dessert in there, which is the Lady M cake. I was so exciting to enjoy such a savory cake in Philadelphia. The price of food is a bit expensive for me, but it still is affordable. It costed us about a hundred dollars for two people.The service
 If you are going to there for dinner on a weekend, you must make a reservation. My friend and I went there on Saturday evening, and we waited about an hour in a small area that is so crowd and many people coming and going. "The staffs at Gyu-Kaku are friendly, leading you through the night with helpful suggestions" (gyu-kaku.com) but not very effective. When I was first time to there, I completely did not order what to eat. The waiter recommended the food to me patiently and taught me how to use grills on the table to cook the meat and how long the meat should be grilled. By the way, my friend and I ordered the drink and waited for a long. I told the waiter about that, and he apologized for he forgot that and gave us the drink for free. After ordering the food, we wait for a long time, which drove me crazy. During dinning, the waiter came to our table two or three times and asks if there is anything else we need. 
The ambiance
I like that this restaurant was decorated in Japanese style. It was decorated with wood in black, and the chairs are comfortable to sit. The decoration is one of the factors that attract me. Its tables are suitable for two to four people meal. If you hold a party with many friends, they can offer bigger table for you. Its kitchen is semi-open, so I can see the situation inside the kitchen. On the other hand, I think lights inside are not bright enough. I do not like eating in a dark environment. More importantly, the restrooms are bigger and cleaner than I thought. The environment of a restaurant can affect the impression that the restaurant made on its guests.This place was very different and cool. I came in with a group of 10 and they have pre set options for large groups, $30 each... Worked out pretty well because you get a taste for what seemed like everything. It was so much foood... We ended up just cooking it to cook it but couldn't possibly finish. 
Great for big groups or a fun date nightLovely dining experience as always. Delicious food and wonderful ambiance. Our server was Crystal, she was awesome. Had a great time and will be back soon.As reviews state, the service was slow and not good... I love a chain Gyukaku everywhere so didn't mind as long as the food is good.
Recommend:
Toro beef
Hunger steak
Pork bellyOkay, I'll try to write my review without just saying how bad everything was. I don't usually go on yelp to write reviews unless I have a really bad experience. I'm supposed to be writing a paper for my class but instead i'm here writing this. Here's how my night went... 
If you're expecting to have a great night with some banging authentic quality japanese bbq and washing it down with a nice cold sapporo... then this is not the place.  Let me explain. We booked a reservation at 9:30 pm. We got there at 9:30 and was told that our table was not ready. It wasn't out of the ordinary that our table wouldn't be ready. Its cool. We waited like 10 mins until we finally got sat. The waitress gave us the menu and gave us some time to look at it. We saw that there was all you eat BBQ. COOL. We asked a couple questions about the all you can eat menu and told the waitress that we would like to get the all you can eat. She asked us what we would like to drink first. So we ordered our drink. IT TOOK HER 10 MINS to get us 4 drinks. By now it was 10 pm. She came back and said, "Oh, sorry it's 10 pm. we don't do the all you can eat BBQ after 10 pm." WHAT. It literally took them 30 mins to sit us down and put drinks on our tables. If you guys are not serving the all you can eat after 10pm, AT LEAST PUT IT ON THE MENU THAT SAYS THAT. OR BETTER YET, DONT GIVE US THE MENU FOR IT. But it's cool, at that point i wanted to leave but we already ordered drinks so we just opt for the set meat menu. Wasn't even mad about the all you can eat anymore but HEY we're at a japanese BBQ spot. COOL RIGHT. nope. We wanted to get the meat lover set dish. The waitress told us, "OH there's no more edamame." I looked at her for like 2 secs and said... "So what do we get instead of the edamame?"... The waitress legit said this..."Well, it's only like a few dollars..." WHAT?!?!? So we get less food and still pay for the same set price??  NO, NOT AFTER WHAT IS HAPPENING SO FAR. I thought there would be at least some accommodation for not having items that are supposed to be in the SET menu. She finally came back after talking to the manager and gave us cucumbers instead. At this point, this place had already made me not want to come back. Let's see how the food is though.
The appetizers came first. They were pretty good. But when the meat came, ooohhh that was a different story. The Waitress DID NOT GIVE US TONGS. For the first 20 mins of dinner, we were using our wooden chop sticks to pick up the meat and cook it over open flames. Feels like our hands were the bbq. We literally thought that this was the legit way to eat japanese BBQ LOL. until our second waitress (thank goodness) came over and was shocked to see that we were never given tongs. It was kinda our fault for not asking i'll admit. But mostly the first waitress fault for not providing good customer service. Yeah she was one of the worst waitress I've ever seen. Didn't even looked like she wanted to be working there. It was funny when the manager came over at the end of the night and she jokingly asked if we wanted second rounds. Second rounds of what? Disappointments? no thanks. Sorry if i sound mean, but i starved though work today thinking i'll have some good japanese bbq. 
Overall experience was kinda eh. Can be worst i guess. I give 2 stars because the food was okay. but 10/10 will not come back here again. I'll just stick to kbbq.The place is great. From the first moment,  I felt like a well treated costumer. The manager read so the menu and made recommendations which were great. I plan to come back and try some of the meat options. It's really cool that you have a grill on your table.Thank you Crystal for an awesome meal and date night! For two people, the Gyu Kaku option was perfect. We had plenty of yummy food throughout the entire servicethe food is really good,but the waitress kept us waiting for an hour without anything on the grill. She pretty much forced us to give her tips. She wrote the tips on our check which made us really not comfortable!We've been here a few times and we've always enjoyed the food however the service was always poor. Visited again today for the all you can eat and happy to say we had an amazing server who was very pleasant and worked hard to get the items out to us so we always had something to work on. She made the whole experience very pleasant. Thanks Crystal !!!**Updated Review**
I returned to Gyu-Kaku on 12/25/15 (less that a week later)...that's just how I roll.
The food was great again! This time service was more prompt at bringing orders to our table even if the waiters were a bit inattentive.
I have also been thinking more about the greeting and I'm going to partially reverse my earlier critique that it doesn't come soon enough in the encounter and say that it is ok that it comes when being seated.  However, it still could use a bit more cheer.
I'm going to symbolically increase my rating to 3.5 stars because I think I had a better experience the second time around and because management took my review to heart.  
I just have one more criticism that I left off of the first review but should have included.  This goes to both visits.  And it is my hope that this issue will be addressed prior to my next visit.  Here it is:
  Please clean your menus and replace those that cannot be cleaned with clean copies.  I don't want to drone on about what conclusions people draw when presented with a dirty/sticky menu.  Believe me, it is not good.  Oh, and please don't let the staff using nasty smelling dish rags to clean them off before handing the smelly and wet menus to the guests.  Use a towel dampened with some fragrant and non-toxic solution and get them clean please.
I'll be back.
**Initial Review**
Gyu-kaku was my favorite yakiniku restaurant when I lived in Japan.  The one thing I miss about the Japanese locations vs the USA locations is the real charcoal grills.  That is what really sets Gyu-kaku apart from other yakiniku places at least in Japan.  I've been to several locations in the USA (Kapiolani, Hawaii, Torrance, CA, Sherman Oaks, Beverly Hills, Midtown Manhattan, and now Philly).  Philly's location is the worst experience. I guess they put that old industrial city "charm" on this place. Don't get me wrong the staff is friendly but their execution of the Gyu-Kaku experience is deficient.  The greeting  happens too late.  It should happen upon entering the restaurant not when you are going to your seat.  The staff just did not seem into it very much.  This is a Japanese chain and if you've ever been to a restaurant or this one in Japan, the staff cheerfully greet you upon entering.  This is very important.  Some of the other USA locations manage to get this right so this one should too.
The service was very friendly but there was a misunderstanding about when to bring out the food so it was a longer than anticipated wait.  We told the waitress at the outset to bring the food to our table as it becomes ready and not to hold anything back to wait for our total order.  I think next time, I'll order one meat dish at a time and wait until my food is on the grill before placing my next order so that we get a constant flow.  I know some servers will think that this is too much work but this is the service that I've become accustomed to at Gyu-Kaku.
The dishes are a bit too large for the small portions of meat and the limited table space so I appreciate the fact that I can order and have things come out quickly and empty plates cleared.  Or, if they just used smaller plates that would work too.
I ordered the Harami w/miso, Kalbi w/tare which were great.  I ordered the mushroom medley because there was not one with just enoki mushrooms.  The medley had some enoki but most were button mushrooms.  The taste was good.  The steamed rice was not very sticky which is so wrong for a Japanese restaurant.I went to a gyu kaku in Hawaii quite a few times, and it was always excellent.  Excellent dining experience- awesome crew, great ambiance, and superb food.  
This location sure is missing some gyukaku-ness.  
The crew was not as enthusiastic and upbeat.  The food plating was rather sloppy.  I think its a Japanese thing to plate their food beautifully, at least the other place arrange theirs beautifully.  
The food was good, but not quite the same.  They were not as tasty. 
They could do a better job in cleaning.  I mean, if your crew can hang and chat.. They can sweep the floor, wipe down tables, or scrub the sticky booster seat.I've come to Gyu before in the Los Angeles location. Today I came here and waited 15 minutes to be seated when there were at least 5 tables available. No one ahead of us. We sat down ordered our meat...two people who got here after us got their food before us. The employees just didn't seem friendly or happy. When our food did come ..over half an hour later...I didn't get my vegetarian til after we cooked all 5 of our meats and ate them. I've ranted about this place to my boyfriend for almost a year now on how wonderful t was and the only reason I'm giving two stars is because I enjoyed the Sherman Oaks location. Such a huge disappointment here and let down. I will never ever come back here again. It was a waste of time and my money. 
Update before I left: the general manager did apologize for everything. And in fact the entire dinner wAs free. Our waiter Eric had no friendly attitude whatsoever and we even saw him giving attitude to others...however that's not her fault and she did her absolute best.I'm a huge fan of gyu kaku, been to the ones in New York and Miami, so we wanted to give this one a try too. 
First time: ordered a garlic spinach and it was super salty, and a scallion sauce for the tongue which...just had no scallions. Waitress also never came by to take our order. 
But since we loved the ones in New York and Miami so much, we gave it a second try. We went on a Sunday for lunch, so it was not busy at all. Food didn't come for 35 minutes, beer didn't come for another 15. Service was horrendous. It's BBQ that you handle yourself so how bad can service get? But it can actually get problematic here. No orders are taken, food takes more than 20 minutes to get to you, and a beer takes at least 15 minutes. 
Just wondering, why does food take more than 20 minutes when you do the cooking? Aren't the meats marinated beforehand so all they have to do is cut it?I love the food here!!! Omg!!!.... I'm always excited to walk into this restaurant. A little sad that they changed the menu but the food is so good I dnt care. My servers are always nice slow service but like I said the food is so good I dnt care I'll recommend everyone to try this place. Plus it's pretty cool.Adam is the best bartender.  I always walk out with a smile and makes me want ti come back.They have a great happy hour! So cheap and includes drinks and food! We started out with drinks at the bar while we waited for our table and then moved on to dinner. Our service was good! Louis was our waiter and he was very attentive and upbeat personality. My favorite thing was the spicy pork - amazing. And put the spicy soy sauce on everything... So good. And I love that they have snores for dessert. The rest of the meat was good, but expected, and nothing too amazing. But overall a good experience.I have been to other Gyu-Kaku restaurants, but the Philly location did not meet my expectations. The service was sub-par (water did not get refilled until a long time after our cups were empty, and waitress had to be prompted for any kind of extra service like sharing bowls for the tofu soup) and the appetizers lacked any kind of flavor other than salt. The only acceptable part of our meal were the meats, which is standard across all restaurants.This is a nice place to enjoy decent bbq and drinks with friends. The servers were super cheerful and friendly. Their drink menu has a good amount of diversity. However, as a Korean BBQ lover (with the limited experiences with Japanese BBQ), I was not 100% satisfied with their meat. It was salty and overly glazed with sauce. Their stonebowl bibimbap was salty and buttery. I will go back sometimes to enjoy Japanese beer with BBQ. But I would go somewhere else to have a good meat.Came here with some friends on a Thursday night. I was a bit late, so when I arrived they had already ordered fried shrimp dumplings which I can't speak for (allergic). I ordered the French fries with cod caviar sauce which was pretty good. The sauce is quite addicting.
My friends each ordered a plate of scallop, and a plate of beef. I ordered the Toro beef with shio white soy and New York strip steak in miso. Both cuts of meat were good but I wasn't really a fan of the marinades that I got. The side of sesame oil with sea salt I ordered, along with the table condiments, did not help the beef. I ended up using the cod caviar sauce from my French fries. The sausage fried rice bibimbap we got to share was pretty tasty but it came after we bbq'd. 
We ended our dinner with three orders of the green tea mille crepe. The portions are huge! We ended up taking our cakes home, but they were delicious along with the ice cream.
It was about $50 per person for one cocktail, one appetizer, two plates of bbq protein, one dessert, and a rice to share. Overall, the food was good but a bit pricey. The random Japanese that the staff blurts out can take some getting used to, but our server was great nonetheless.Went there for All You Can Eat BBQ and had a sake martini. To be honest, I really want to give it one star. All of their meat taste like marinated in with same Korean BBQ sauce. Many of the option in AYCE is not available. Sake martini taste like 0.1 oz of cheap sake plus 0.5 oz of cheap dry vermouth and tons of water. Since the service is not that bad, I think 2 star is good enough for this experience.No better place to spend an afternoon. Love sitting at the bar .... amazing drinks and service!! Visit Sarge .... he will make your day :)My boyfriend and I have been wanting to try out this place for a while now, and we decided to stop by for lunch on Labor Day. What a terrible idea that turned out to be! We spent $80 for their Gyu-Kaku meal for 2 which was a big disappointment. In other Asian BBQ places we have visited the meats on the menu are served in 2 portions for 2 people, this meal just had one portion per meat (which I dont know how this meal is labeled as being for 2). The portion sizes of each of the dishes that were served was just enough for one person. To top it all - the place was hot and didnt seem like they had any air conditioning. The dishes were bland, not at all tasty, One dish was just cubes of meat with salt and pepper sprinkled on it, if I wanted something like this I would have stayed home. All in all a big waste of money and time. I would not be going back there.I agree with the most of the reviewers here concept and food is amazing but service definitely sucks.This place is amazing!
You cook your own BBQ at your table. You get to have a BBQ with none of the prep and none of the clean up. The tables/grills are very intimate but the divider between you and the table on the other side can slide up to make room for larger groups.
The sake tasting is great. I highly recommend the Gyu-Kaku Nigori Sake.
The dinner for two is a pricey but the amount of food is immense. There is an incredible deal however for lunch for 2 for $28.
Unfortunately you can not take home the raw leftovers so what ever you don't get to you have to cook before they will box it for you.
As a bonus you receipt come with a code you can put into their app to get free rewards (desserts, apps, etc.)I came on a Friday night to celebrate a birthday. We got the premium all you can eat. The service was good. Our waiter change our grills when we ask and even when we didn't ask. There was some wait for our food to come out but it is understandable because it is a busy night. We got our reservation in time without waiting which is great. The food is amazing. We order all we wanted and we got everything we ask for! I definitely would come again.Came here for lunch with a friend. Service was fast and food was delicious. It does take some time to cook everything so make sure you have at least an hr and half for lunch! The meat was well seasoned and I didn't even need dipping sauce, but they have a sweet soy sauce, spicy sauce and ponzu.Way overpriced for what you get. Terrible service. Waiters are a bunch of young boys who forget to put in your order and even after reminding them still don't bring it out then act like they are doing you a favor by not charging you for it when you tell them to cancel it. Did not explain the menu or any of the options. Would definately never go back. There is a better place with the same food down the street. Much better service.We stopped here for dinner after a visit to the Franklin Institute. The food was very good and we had a great time. Our children enjoyed the experience very much.I came here without a reservation and the hostess told us it would be an hour wait. The bar is very small considering how there isn't much room or space for people to wait if they needed to. We did wait about an hour to be seated.
We ordered the kobe style course for 2 as well as the spicy tuna volcano and the green tea crepe cake from Lady M. Honestly nothing really stood out as far as taste except for the kobe style rib eye steak. I was not a fan of the garlic fried rice bibimbap and I highly do not recommend it.
I don't think I'll be back or be interested in visiting again.I was very psyched up to try out Gyu-kaku however out of the barbeque places I've been to, I found this one to be really overpriced and left a bitter taste in my mouth. At the end of dinner, I wound up wanting to go another restaurant to have a different meal. 
I will have to give credit to the server that we had, he was excellent and gave honest suggestions and opinions. He recommended apps that were better than the main meal.This is one of my favorite place in Philadelphia!!! I don't really eat meat but in this place I can't say NO to meat. Hanger steak , harami skirt steak are so delicious, Bimbab rice is so yummy! 
Everyone is so nice and friendly! Our server Crystal was very good! Highly recommend this placeI went here back in June for a graduation lunch . Everything was fabulous. Of course at the time we were the only ones in the restaurant on a Monday afternoon .They had a special where the graduate ate for free. Which was  a pretty good deal. The service was excellent like I said we were the only ones in the restaurant . There was 8 of us. You cook the food in the middle of the table. We tried just about everything from the salmon,shrimp,chicken & steak. The noodles were good. That came ala carte. The mojitos were delicious & you could pick different flavors. There is a parking lot across the street which is reasonable since parking around there can be hard.Today was the second time that I have eaten here. The first time was great , the food was great & our waiter was very kind. I love bbq and I was so happy with our first visit , so I decided to come back today.
Our service was horrible. We have ordered the course and some extra meats and other extra orders to add to our course. The appetizers came in and everything was great . Then our food came out & everything was great. But then we realized that only about 1/3 of our order came out. I usually am a very understanding person and usually will wait because yes, the place was very busy, so I do understand that maybe my food is taking so long because they are very busy. I told the waiter that my order didn't come out yet. He told me that there are still coming out. So I waited for about another 15 minutes & it still didn't come out yet. So I talked to the waiter again & told him. He finally got out our order but it was only one of the other 4 orders that we still didn't get. I thought okay maybe it is really busy that is why it is taking so long, so I waited again. For another 10-15 minutes, the food never came. So I asked the waiter again, he told us that we got all of our order already, but we didn't. So he went to go check with the kitchen to what is going on. He came back and told us that the orders came out already, it was two orders in one plate. But I was a hundred percent sure that it was only one order. One, that i went here already before & i know that two order is not that tiny. Two, it is very obvious that two order is not 5 pieces of meat. We told him, he talked to us like he did not  believes us. He left and came back again, asking us what the orders are that are missing. We told him, about 10 minutes later, then it came. He didn't apologize or anything, he felt like it's not his fault. I was very upset and told him that I am very very dissapointed in the service because who likes eating and then waiting like 30 minutes because they think that all of our food came out already? He finally said " my apologies " and then he end up blaming it on the kitchen. We finished our food and then got our desserts. I was also upset because of how poorly he took care of our table. Usually they would changed the grilling plate about 2-4 times, he didn't at all. He didn't came to see if we needed anything or see if we needed water refills. I know he could do a lot better than that. 
After all of that, the general manager came and asked us what happened. I explained to her and she said she was very sorry. She was really nice to us & understand us. She made our experience there a little better. I don't know if I am going to come back, but if i am , I hope my service will not be as bad as the one I had tonight because I do love the food here.They didn't have non-sugar sweetener for iced tea and I had to ask for refills. The waiter told me that there was oxytocin in a dish. Then he took the liberty of writing in the tip for me. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant.I've been back to Gyu-Kaku a few times since my first review, and in all honesty I don't think we'll go back.
In just a few months, this restaurant has gone quite a bit downhill. The food was as good as always, but the service was really lackluster. The staff just didn't seem interested. My main complaint was the general lack of cleanliness. Staff were walking around with dirty uniforms, the table and floor was sticky, as were a couple of our glasses. It made the food much less appetizing.Easy parking and great location. Came here for a friends birthday dinner and had 11 people which we did made reservation for. We all decided to do the dinner buffet which price is reasonable $35 per person. 
Food was very well seasoned and service was great; however, for the buffet choice you were only allow to order two meat choices per person. You could order more when your finish. I felt that the food wasn't coming out fast enough. 
We kept ordering food but at times felt like it took long for it to be serve. Not sure if it's the kitchen or the service part. We had a couple of moments when we all sat there and stared at each other because we were still hungry. 
Overall experience with the staff was great. The bartender was attentive and also the waitress. Food  was well seasoned.I downloaded the Yelp app and made an account just to write this review. The service was absolute chaos and ridiculously slow. We made a reservation days in advance, and when we arrived were told we'd be seated in a couple minutes. And by a couple minutes, they apparently meant 35. I'd understand this long of a wait if we were a walk-in, but we had reserved a spot. Afterwards, waiting for a server took 20 minutes, and from the initial order our first food (which were just meats coming out to be grilled on the table, so no actually cooking necessary), took a solid 40 minutes to come out. Ordering additional food was incredibly hard as flagging down a waiter took at least 10 or so mins, and that food didn't come untill god knows when. I'm sitting here at 9, still hungry. Wasn't part of the plan when I reserved at 7.Pros- great concept. Great dining experience. Best calamari I ever had. Crisp, yet melts in your mouth.
Cons- table can get too crowded with too many utensils making it hard to move around.So this was my first experience here. The waitress explained the menu and how to cook the meats. We ordered the Japanese fried chicken and spring rolls for appetizers and the chicken was popping!!! The spring rolls were fried a bit hard and were average. My friend ordered steak, pork and shrimp. I ordered the chicken breasts and shrimp and we both ordered the garlic rice. It came to the table with a raw egg in the middle of it and I said that I didn't ask for an egg. The waitress told me that it would cook as the bowl was hot. She never lied to me!! That egg cooked so fast and the rice as well. It was the best. As the meats were cooking, it appeared to me that her side was hotter than mine and cooking her stuff much faster. I informed someone and they put oil on it and it began to get hotter.  Overall my meal was great and I left with something to take home. I will definitely be back here again, especially for that garlic rice.The food was good but the service was pretty terrible. The waiter wrote down the wrong items for our order and we ended up having to pay 2x the price for one of our items. The food also took a long time to come. At the end, we had to get another waiter to fix our bill because our waiter charged us full price instead of the happy hour prices. Overall, we enjoyed the food but the poor service makes this place not worth going to. This is probably just an issue with this particular location because the service at the NYC Gyukaku is great.I went to this place today , I couldn't have had a better lunch. The service was very friendly and inviting. I love how they have the grills on the tables for self cooking makes interacting so much more fun. We got the ultimate all you can eat. I'm seriously so worth the $45 dollars , the meat is so tender and flavorful. Also had the hot saki and it was ok kinda strong lol. I seriously just found a new favorite place no need for any occasion I can make up lol highly recommend it! Reasonable prices for what you get as well.First time at a Japanese bbq, but was not impressed. Pricey for the quality and quantity of meat, but an interesting experience nonetheless. I'm rating it two stars because waiter had a lot to learn (you don't take away dishes with food still left in them without asking) and found a very long hair mixed in my noodle dish.  I may give them another chance because the manager was helpful.The premium quality meats (esp. beef). I came from the asian countries and we really love eat japanese bbq. I can guarantee that this place can fulfill your crave for japanese bbq for those asian people in Philly. Very authentic indeed. Also, the place also serve the famous Lady M greentea crepe cake. Don't forget to order if anyone decide to go.
Just that the queue is always long in the evening. So please make reservation beforehand.went during their opening week. very good service. loved the special group combo. my fav, surprisingly, was the cod, and loved the thin kobe beef that came with it. also added on kobe rib eye, which was super expensive but not that good. would love to try the meat lovers combo next time. def would come back.This place has great cuts of meat, and a friendly staff! But there's a few cons that keep it from getting a 4/5 star. While the food is delicious, I feel it's pretty expensive, especially because you will be cooking nearly everything on the menu yourself. Also, their dessert menu is lacking albeit the mochi is always the go-to for me anyway. I would rate gyukaku a 3.5, but I'll round up for yelps sake. I would rather go to a traditional Korean barbecue any day.3.5 stars actually. Food is delicious, but service can sometimes be slow. Drink specials are A+, and the bartenders are always nice even when busy.
WiFi doesn't work here though, don't even bother giving them your social media info to log on cause you'll just get kicked right off three time in a row before asking the host what's up and watching him chuckle and him tell you their WiFi is horrible. For a place that does a lot of lunch business with the local workforce, that's disappointing enough to dock a half star in my book.I've had quite a few lunch meals here and the servers are always super friendly. The food is also really good. Generous portions and a great variety.What a treat! Smokeless bbq at its finest. Come here if you are anywhere in the vicinity. Amazing staff, fresh, clean, you will want to come again and again!!When this restaurant opened I was so excited to visit. But I started to read the reviews and got worried.  I'm glad that I looked at the reviews objectively.  First and foremost, the service was excellent.  Our waitstaff took very good care of us and the manager, as well, was very attentive. We never waited long for our drinks or food. We ordered the kobe special and enjoyed every piece of it. Overall, I think it's a great experience and worth giving a try.I'm usually don't write review Unless it's bad or good but this place is just a over pricing without a good quality. While I was seating here I really missed Korean BBQ and wished we have  one in down town.  I won't come back here to eat again because quality of good is just not so great. Paying close hundred dollar, I rather just pay more money and eat better meat.Was there last Wednesday during happy hours and omg its the best! Going back tomorrow I can't wait! The desserts are awesome!Just as a heads up - happy hour will be coming to this Gyu-Kaku location on 9/15, which I am super excited about! Exactly what I was waiting for for this restaurant.For a party of 5, we got one of the 2 person value meals, added 2-3 meat options and 3 bibimbops. The food came out a little at a time with the veggies being the very last thing. We were often sitting waiting for the next dish.
The meal came out to about $26/person which was not bad. My biggest complaint was that there was no complimentary side dishes/banchan... staples of a real Korean bbq experience. You even had to pay for their special dipping sauces.
Their AC was broken on one of the hottest days of the year so it was not the most comfortable dining experience. I respect the staff for being high spirited even under those conditions. Overall, the food was mediocre and not tempting enough to go back.such bad service with no waiter or waitress asking us for water for half hr. And the waitress not even showing up. The food is just normal. Took an hr to start the first bit. Never gonna come againOverpriced for mediocre quality meats. The bibimbap lacked vegetables which is an important part of the dish. The experience of cooking your own food is fun and the restaurant is decorated nicely but the quality of the food is not worth the high price of he restaurant. It's just another trendy place with no substance.I decided to get take out this time and they don't allow you to call first and pick, you have to drive there and order in person - pretty stupid concept if you ask me, beats the purpose and convenience of a "pick up" order. Granted I only ordered the rice and steamed dumplings but it took the 30 minutes to give me my order!! Not to mention that the staff are just so unprofessional and talking about their personal lives at the bar! Never will I do this again...I think the food is good, not the best, but good. I give it a 3 star because customer service is HORRIBLE. Everytime I go there, which has been about 6 times, they forget something. Also, the last time, they ran out of rice and kept stalling for 45 minutes when they could have just told me that they forgot to turn the stove on (which I found out later as I was munching on hard rice and I asked them, waiting for the rice, eh?). If they just told me, I'd say ok sure, let me get something else. The workers are just not efficient and knowledgeable. For example, on NYE dinner time, they decided to put someone to work as their first day. I kept telling him I wanted the package and he kept saying "right" and then what would you like to order. It was kind of crazy. I said again, I want the so and so package and he was like, ok so what would you like. Then when we got the bill, he charged us for every single item separately, not as the package price. 
As I said before, I think the food is good but my last experience will prevent me from going there again.My family and I have been here multiple times, and this was the worst visit ever. I had reservations, and we were not seen to be seated for a good 15 minutes - didn't get any service at the table for another 15 minutes, and even then it was by the General Manager, Karen.  We were seated in a sectioned-off, private area where one half of the room was serviced by one waitress and the other half by another waitress. The waitress for our table saw that we were seated when she went to "check in" on our neighbor table, deliberately turning her back on us in doing so.  The General Manager, Karen, took our order, served us our drinks, oiled our grill, and served us ALL of our food. The waitress, Lidia, for the OTHER SIDE of the room served us our alcoholic beverages. Our waitress did not seek us out until well OVER ONE hour AFTER being seated. She sneaked in to get the paid bill from our neighboring table well before approaching us. (GM Karen also brought dessert for our neighboring table and ensured they knew how to make s'mores.) Our waitress did not know what we ordered and had the gall to ask us what it was. We were going to order more food along with our complimentary s'mores, but no one approached us for a good 30 minutes. We got fed up, paid our bill, and left. 
I give major props for the General Manager, Karen, but this was the worst service we have ever experienced. Honestly, it will be a long while before we will even contemplate visiting this establishment again. Bad service backed up the subsequent reservations after us. There were at least 3 groups waiting for seating, one of whom voiced a long waiting time even with a reservation.Had an amazing time here tonight celebrating a friend's birthday. My first time doing this type of cuisine and I was very impressed. We had a reservation but the place didn't seem too crowded. Our server was Crystal she was hands down one of the best servers I've had. I'm one to observe roughly how many tables my server is handling and girlfriend was working it! Started with the rum punch. Much bigger than I thought but so worth it! Also had the mango mojito also very yummy. We decided to do both the Gyu Kaku course and the Meat Lovers. Each are usually for two people and we were a party of 4 SO.MUCHzFOOD. But also soooooo yummy! Our table was filled between starters, veggies and meats. Crystal was so patient and explained how to go about cooking and safety precautions. She prepped our grill with some oil too. She even gave her suggestions on her favorite meats. Everything was well seasoned and the grill cooked them perfectly. Some meats stuck quickly to the grill but we still ate it! Crystal (sorry if I'm spelling wrong) even came over about half way through and switched out to a new grill. She was very attentive and made sure we were well taken care of. I can't say what meats we had exactly but a great variety between chicken, beef and even shrimp! On the table are sauces to choose from. I enjoyed the spicy on the chicken. You're also given a huge bowl of a mixed fried rice of deliciousness. The course also includes a salad too. After a small break we were served s'mores for dessert. Crystal removed the grill and prepped the marshmallows for us. I'm not the biggest s'mores fan but the roasted marshmallow was wonderful. Crystal also explained the awesome rewards system and I quickly signed up. All in all a really great place and I look forward to visiting again, hopefully in Crystal's section!Service very slow. And the server added the gratuity to our checks, with her own handwriting. There were only four in our party.I mean, the meat was ok. Me and my friends came in for lunch and the best would be the toro beef for us. The spicy pork that I had was kinda bitter which I wasn't expecting. Everything is just salty salty salty salty. Even the garlic rice was a salt reserve in my mouth. I'm convinced I'm going to get high blood pressure. 
Our waitress was great...until she forgot to give us our change. So she basically got $40 in tips when we meant to give like $16-$20. 
To be honest, I'd much rather go to a Korean BBQ place since their seasoning is much less salty.The food was great (4.5 star), the service was not (2 star). Averaging a 3 star rating. 
My party and I went out for lunch on Black Friday and the restaurant was moderately busy but not terribly so. The food was really good and I feel we got a decent deal (premium party course) which worked out to about $90 for four people after taxes and not including tip and we all left pleasantly full.  
The downside to the visit however was the service, or lack thereof. 
1. We didn't receive any drink refills (waters or soda) even though we asked. Upon bringing the check the waitress finally refilled our waters. Thanks, I guess?
2. Had to ask twice for forks. 
3. Waitress forgot the additional sauces we ordered until reminded.
4. We asked for additional mushrooms and zucchini mid-meal, never received but at least we weren't charged for something we didn't get. 
5. I found out after leaving that apparently another person in my party had ordered something else that too had not been delivered. 
I left a feedback card with items 1-4, but I doubt management saw it since we left it on the table upon leaving. I didn't see a general manager at the location and I didn't think to leave it with the hostess upon exiting. 
My young brother paid for the meal for our party as thanks for flying him out for the holidays and taking him up to see Philly and honestly I felt embarrassed having him do so due to the service we received. I expected better. 
If my husband and I still lived in Philadelphia we'd probably give this restaurant another shot attributing this to an off day, but since we don't and this was an out-of-our-way meal we will probably avoid in the future.We had a double date here and it was so worth it. From the time we walked it our experience was great. When you come in everyone in the restaurant greets you. The waitress was very helpful. We got the all you can eat option and literally was in heaven. The ambiance was perfect! In regards to cooking the food yourself they do give suggest like how long you should cook the shrimp and other seafood. Drinks were delicious ! I would definitely recommend it to you. The chicken appetizer was BOMB!I visited this place twice.
First experience was ok despite of the waiter, they were having a shift change when I came.
The guy was so slow, and it took him 20 mnts to bring our beverages or to bring napkins.
The second experience I thought it would be different,yet it was the same. Even thou it wasn't the same guy, but I thought he was worse than the first waiter we had.
He was so slow, I saw him talked alot with the other waiters instead of checking in to our table to see if we need something.
No offends, The other waiter named eric who served other table was helping us more (even he wasn't assign to our table).
Next time I come, I prefer to choose the waiter.Great place to take a group of kids (over the age of 9- because they will be cooking) they loved cooking their own food and they didn't complain that they were eating relatively healthy- no fries or chicken strips here! Didn't even have to force them to eat mushrooms and red peppers which normally they would be dead set against. Kept them occupied for along time  and they were so cute "cooking" for the adults. Then they got to make S'mores which is basically any kids dream. Only downside is the margaritas were basically just water.After visiting this location, I cannot believe that some people have had bad experiences here. The wait staff was incredible - they cared so much, and made sure we had a good time. Our waiter, Isiah, was so friendly and funny, as well as knowledgable about the menu. He gave us suggestions for everything, and literally everything we had was amazing. We ordered miso soup, fried calamari, kimchi, the shiitake mushroom bibimbap, the hamari skirt steak, short rib, and NY strip. literally all of the meat was so fresh and so delicious, it melted in my mouth. The bibimbap was AMAZING. the rice was perfectly seasoned, the rice was crunchy after it sat in the dol sot, and the beef to mushroom ratio was perfect. All for $5 (on happy hour!). I cannot wait to come back here with different friends. It was a great experience, with great service and fantastic food.