Sussshi Burrritoooos , is the excited sound that keeps playing in my head as in some japanese game show , whenever i am about to order at Hai street. 
Don't be fooled by the ho hum production line setup , the ingredients and the idea are really fresh and exciting. Couple that with a staff that genuinely gives a damn about the customer's order, it is pretty hard to go wrong with this place. 
The salmon and tuna was delicious and so were mushrooms, and having the choice to order it in a bowl can help channel one's inner Gojira as you devour through the meal. Equally good for lunch and dinner !I laughed at first, but was dragged there by my teens who decidedly love the place. And you know what? For less than $10, it is a really great and yummy alternative to a sandwich or burger for lunch. Very fresh and incredibly quick service.Finally tried this place for the first time and had the Gochu-mango spicy tuna bowl. Listen, this isn't authentic Hawaiian poke, but I wouldn't expect that here. If the goal is to offer sushi burritos and poke bowls modified for American tastes and suitable for serving high volume, I think Hai Street meets that goal. There's more rice and mayo than I need and than you'd find in an authentic dish, but really enjoyed my lunch and service was fast. Tuna seems high quality and the toppings are pretty authentic. The essence of poke for me is freshness and contrasting flavors and textures and that was nailed. Spicy, sweet, and tangy and crunchy & soft in one bowl wakes up the palate. Nice alternative to my other work lunch options in this are!Got the flank steak wrap and it tasted really good but unfortunately the portion size is more like a snack than a meal.
I had to get a sandwich somewhere else afterwards.
So basically their $10 wrap is more like an appetizer.Interesting concept. It's actually quite delicious. I'm a huge fan of sushi, so I thought I would give this place a try on a friend's suggestion. I like that they have a "create your own" in which you pick the protein, up to 4 toppings, sauce, and crunchy topping for the price of the protein. I had the katsu chicken wrap with spicy mayo, carrots, cucumber, pickled onions, and tempura flakes. It was delicious, and very filling. I didn't expect the katsu chicken to be cold, but it still was very tasty and had a crunch to it. I also tried their wasabi guacamole with chips. The guacamole was very good...just a hint of wasabi to give it that unique taste. The chips were amazing!!! Thick but light, salted to perfection, and not overly oily.  My only complaint is that for a "sushi burrito place" they didn't have a spicy tuna option....maybe my sushi tastes are way to Americanized, but whenever I have sushi that's a roll I always get. Overall, this is a great place, and I will definitely come back. The food is fresh and you feel good eating it. The staff are friendly.
Just a heads up that It's more of a take out place since the place is kinda small...there are maybe 6 bar stools along the wall and you could probably eat here if it was 2-3 people, but it's not meant for groups.Sushi burrito. Nuf said. All I need with any of these wraps is a side of spicy mayo and my day can't get any better. I love how you can customize every part of it and they make it super quickly right in front of you. An Asian version of chipotle and the packaging is adorable!I walked by this place on the way to a meeting, and knew I'd be having lunch here later on. I love all things sushi, and DIY sushi Chipotle style was something I needed to try. 
I built my own roll, with salmon, mango, and a few other ingredients. I found the mango to be way over powering, and all in all the roll was nothing special. 
I had the experience, but don't need to go back. I'm just as happy with a 3 roll combo from a cheapy sushi place near by.It's Japanese Chipotle!  Love it! We had the slammin salmon and the screamin tuna. Both were good but the screamin tuna had more flavor.  We substituted the spicy gochujang sauce with the spicy mayo instead.  I think I would have loved the slammin tuna if I didn't get to try the screamin tuna.  My only complaint is that I wish the rolls were slightly bigger.Such a unique blend of Asian and Mexican. I want to try e earthing they have. I also like that you can pick your own ingredients and custom make your food.I had refrained from writing a review from this place to see if they improved but it seems it's not going to happen. The staff is SUPER rude at this location. I have tried coming here on different times, different days and it's always the same thing. The items displayed on the menu are not available half the time and the staff tells you as if you should expect this to happen in every restaurant. The food at Hai St is good but I will stop going to this location until they decide to hire decent people for the job.I love this place!  I started going to Hai Street when it first opened and I am fortunate enough to live nearby.  However, I work on the East side of town and wish there was one there for lunch!!  I love the menu and that they constantly add new items.  It's healthy, satisfying, consistent and great customer service.  Please open more locations!!I was very excited trying this place out and want to know what's the hype about. Ehh...it's okay, nothing special i had the slamming salmon and sweet green tea. 
The slamming salmon is a good size burrito stuffed with a lot of white rice, veg and couple pieces of raw salmon. The roll didn't have much flavor in it. And it wasn't spicy what so ever .  
The sweet green tea taste straight up like water to me with green color dye. 
Overall experience was okay. And  It is pretty pricey for an Okay burrito
 I would give this place another try, but somewhere else  not at this location.It was better than another sushi burrito place I've had, but still not fully hitting the spot (or maybe I'm just not a sushi burrito person?). I recommend getting one of the menu options instead of making your own, unless you already very familiar with sushi burritos simply because some combinations will not go well together.I finally got to check this place out! The workers are super friendly and they have lots of funk! It's definitely a place to try especially for the younger crowd. I think I liked the green tea matcha drink for 99 cents better than the actual sushi burrito! The sushi burrito is basically a kimbap and like Kelly C, i totally agree I could make some better kimbap at home! I got the donkatsu sushi burrito and they put way too much sauce in it. It was so salty I really just couldn't finish it. However, the slammin' salmon was alright! Nothing amazing but it was edible ;) If you're into a cool atmosphere for A-ok food, you should check this place out!Good portion size. I got the salmon roll. The rice wasn't totally cooked and the hot sauce used overpowered the flavor of pretty much all the other ingredients used. 
The iced matcha was good, pretty sweet and LOTS of matcha in it.Food was OK but a little to vinegary for me. DIdn't have a long wait on a Saturday at 7pm-ish. Would try again.This was my first sushi burrito ever and to be frank, it was pretty average. I'm unsure if it's the concept that doesn't work for me or if this place was just rather average. I went with the suggested spicy tuna and I really feel as if it was lacking in both flavor and size. For $10, I don't feel as if it is good value. The dude who was serving me was really light handed with the tuna so perhaps it was just a fluke. I'll give it another shot next time I'm in the city.Great food, got the rice bowl with portobello mushrooms. They have some seating inside. Their pricing is reasonable too, starting from $6.99 for a rice bowl or nori wrap. If your looking for something tasty and healthy,  then check this place out.Fresh.  Filling.  Healthy.  Tasty! Signature roll is just enough for lunch without risk of a food coma.I love sushi. I love burritos. Sushi burritos?! YES, SIGN ME UP. I've never heard of sushi burritos until I visited Hai Street Kitchen. The concept is just like Chipotle, Subway, Salata, etc. You pick a base then choose your fillings and sauces. They also have choices you can choose from if you don't feel like getting crafty. If you hate sushi, no problem! They have other choices on the menu as well! My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Katsu roll and he loved it! One sushi burrito is enough to fill you up. I'll definitely stop by here again if I get a chance!I'd like to give Hai St. Kitchen a higher rating, but the attitude we got from the two roll makers yesterday was really unprofessional. You could taste it in the food. I know it's the 4th of July and you're working, but at the same time, you're closing at 3pm. Don't give us attitude because WE, the customers, pay the bills. 
The food was ok. Drinks and chips were mediocre.I've visited Philadelphia on two separate occasions, and both times, I made a stop for sushi burritos here. Their burritos are huge, and I found myself taking half of it home for later on both trips. Everything is good, but you might want to ask the employees to go a little lighter on the gochujang sauce (if your sushi burrito contains it) since it can get a little too salty and spicy.I used to come here all the time. Now, however, they have removed all vegetarian proteins from the menu. A vegetarian can get a roll with cabbage, carrots and various other vegetables, but no source of protein. This makes no sense. Why can't they offer hearty and filling mushrooms like they used too?  Or tofu?  Or beans? Or even cheese (which was on the menu for a brief period of time).  I won't be able to eat here again until they can provide a balanced meal for a non-meat/fish eater. Instead, I will just go to Hip City Veg, a block and a half away.I've been a Hai Street Kitchen fan for a VERY long time, so when the 40th Street location closed, I was bummed because that one was the closest to home and work.  However, while I was running some errands in Center City one Saturday afternoon and decided to break for lunch, I figured I would check out the 18th and Chestnut location and treat myself to a sushi burrito.  While Hai Street has preset menu options, I always prefer to customize my own sushi burritos, and the staff is always very accommodating to my requests.  I usually gravitate towards grilled chicken, chicken katsu, or shrimp tempura with ginger miso dressing, and carrots, garnished with fried garlic and tempura crunch.  Sometimes they offer seasonal toppings such as pineapple so I often add that in if it is available.  Hai Street better not leave Center City, because if they do, I won't know where else to get my sushi burrito fix!I've never heard of a concept like this, but I must say, I'm hooked!  This place specializes in sushi-ritos (burrito sized sushi rolls).
The first thing that struck me about this place was how incredibly friendly ALL of the staff members were when I walked in.  I came in around 6:15 on a Friday night, and surprisingly, no one else was in the store at that time (though that didn't last long, don't worry!)  When I walked in, every single crew member looked at me and said 'hi' and welcomed me/asked if I had any questions, which really impressed me! It's not always that the staff at these sort of fast casual places continue to have warm customer service after opening weekend.
I got the slammin' salmon roll, and it was DELICIOUS.  Nori paper + brown (or white, if you like) rice + medium rare salmon +  lettuce + cucumber + red onions + pickled mango + spicy gojuchang sauce.  I got the regular size, but there was an option to make it a deluxe size for $1.99, which I probably would have done if I had wanted to be stuffed afterwards (I was full but not necessarily stuffed).  
Not a lot of seating, so definitely don't plan on sitting inside unless you're lucky and happened to snag one of the tables.The Chipotle of Sushi Burritos! It was cool to see them make a burrito with the toppings I wanted. Overall cool hip place with very little seating and no restroom. It was just ok for me. Not impressed nor excited to go back.Stumbled upon this joint looking for something filling and healthy. The poke bowls are delicious and offer a nice variety to the sandwich shops and other similar spots. The stadd was really pleasant too. Definitely will be coming back to try a sushi burrito.We did not go to the actual restaurant but visited their booth at the July 4th festival on the Benjamin Franklin parkway. My boyfriend and I both tried the sushi burrito. I tried the shrimp tempura one and it was AWESOME! My boyfriend had the chicken one and didn't really like it but I didn't think sushi and chicken really went together anyways. If you visit their store definitely get the shrimp one! You will not be disappointed.I've seen and heard from my friends that have had a sushirito and I wanted to give it a try because it looked good. I ordered the salmon burrito. I thought it was okay. There is a good amount of lettuce and cabbage which there were a good amount of bites where I just ate rice and salad. When I got to the salmon part, it was okay because I felt that the gochujang sauce overpowered it. It also would have helped with the salmon was more in the center so I can get a bite of salmon in every bite instead of just eating rice and veg and then salmon and veg.Our sushi chefs were pretty cool, spunky, friendly. Ambiance is kind of cool, semi hipsterish?? I feel like there was a nose ring, boho glasses, a bandana, a tattoo of a woman on a woman (maybe Idk I'm just a regular hungry 9-5 drone)- I digress....Good location downtown.
That's where the pleasantries end, sadly.
I had the "Soft Shell Crab", and my friend had the "Holee Shrimp". Both had wayyyyyyy too much sauce! One bite and you'll be feeling like you've done something you shouldn't tell your mom about(wipes corner of mouth). The veggies looked fresh. The meat was pre-cooked/ sliced, soooo....yea, that's that. The ingredients were were disproportionate(4-5x more veggies than meat). It feels like you're eating an obese American sushi. 
In all fairness, we wanted to try the big sushi burrito looking thing, and that, my friend....is what was delivered!
Sum-
The Big sushi burrito is the evil love child of someone's love for sushi and the American demand for Supersized & YUGE!!!! everything. Way too expensive for what you get, IMO. The veggie ingredients seem fresh.The ambiance and staff are cool, but not cool enough for me to go back.
Pros- cool friendly staff/ambience, location, fresh veggies. You get the product as advertised.
Cons- taste of food, costWHAT I ORDERED: Make your own roll with brown rice + salmon tataki + carrots + grilled zucchini + romaine lettuce + ginger miso dressing + roasted peanuts + tempura flakes
PROS: Salmon roll delicious + price
CONS: Small + other proteins looked like they had been sitting out/not delicious
-----MORE DETAIL----
FOOD: DELICIOUS. Salmon is seared on the outside very very slightly and raw on the inside. Tastes like just raw salmon. Veggies were fresh and ginger miso dressing (I asked for light) added a slight sweetness, tanginess, and depth that was delicious. They do not make the sauces I don't think - they had to go check the label for ingredients.The other proteins though had been sitting out and didn't look quite so good - I probably wouldn't try those.
SERVICE: GREAT. I had some weird dietary restrictions today and they were super patient and willing to go check on the ingredients.
AMBIANCE: Asian style Chipotle. Small, bar seating. 
GOOD FOR: Grab and go, quick bite, eating alone, catching up with a friend, healthy eating.I was excited to see a sushi burrito for which I've never tried. I ordered a create your own with brown rice, grilled chicken , Asian slaw, avocado, cucumber, jalapeno aioli, and fried shallots "for crunch". They said they did not have brown rice, grilled chicken or jalapeno aioli. So I got white rice, chicken katsu, and spicy mayo instead.  The flavors were good but I did not taste the spicy mayo nor the fried shallots. It felt a bit dry needing some kind of sauce to bond all the ingredients together. I will try again and hopefully they will have everything listed on their menu.Good food, terrible customer service. I asked a question, only to be ignored. It was absolutely not professional from their side. I hope that they will change the waiters.I was so surprised to hear that something similar to Sushirrito in SF was on the east coast! Once I found out about this place, I definitely had to try it for myself.
What's so special? It's sushi in burrito form. What's not to love. Choose your own rolls or to avoid the "mess" you could get it in a bowl. You could either choose one of their signature rolls or build your own. 
Got the Slammin Salmon with spicy mayo and fried garlic for almost $8. It was delicious and DEFINITELY met my expectations! The burrito was huge!!
Came here with a group of about 15 people and was surprised at how quick we were served despite the long line! 
On the downside - the restaurant is pretty small. They only have bar seating and stools by the window. I also didn't see a bathroom. 
Overall their rolls were on point! I will definitely come back when I'm in Philly!I got a slammin salmon.  Checked out the place in University City because so many people were talking about it.  It's hype.  The sushirito is essentially a huge kimbap. It's too bland.I love Poke Bowls, I've had some really good ones. This place had only one worker for 5 people waiting in line, meaning one person taking care of making food and work at the register.  I ordered a Poke Bowl with tuna fish, and the places I went to buy Poke bowls, I also would choose the ingredients that I want in the bowl, that didn't happen. My bowl was 1/3 empty, while my friend's was full. So i asked why that is, and the worker told me that, it's because they are out of something, so I said, I'm paying $14 for this, add some rice then.  Absolute disregard of customer's comments, she added the rice. The bowl had more green salad than anything else.  I didn't like this place at all, would not recommend.This was my first time here and first sushi burrito.  I had the HoLee Shrimp. It had great flavors. I got it with brown rice. I would have liked a little more sauce, but over the burrito was great. The store was clean. Service was fast. Not much room to eat there, so plan on getting it to go.Great spot to grab a quick meal. Portions are large, but do not leave you feeling heavy.    I highly recommend this place if you are on the go and looking for something healthy.A wonderful, magical place where sushi and Chipotle lovers can join together and hold hands in peaceful rejoice.
I can always eat sushi, but I can't always afford sushi. I have a tragic issue of ordering sushi rolls when I am very hungry, which leads to WAY too many rolls eaten, and way too much money spent. (It's worth it, but my wallet often whispers, "What can we afford for the rest of the week, though?") 
ENTER MY LIFE SAVER. Hai Street Kitchen's sushi rolls are what I have always envisioned- amazing, glorious sushi THAT ISN'T BITE SIZE. After finishing a burrito, I can feel full, satisfied, and skip the part where I separate myself from the group and cry about how many calories in rice I had just consumed.
Imagine you are Alice in Wonderland, and you eat that cake that shrinks you down to tiny size, and then you come across a sushi roll that hasn't been sliced yet. That's basically what happens. Without the rabbit hole.
With a local, we were able to go for a late lunch on a Sunday, where there was NO line, and the happy, helpful employees were eager to help. I would have liked if they had asked "if you've ever been here" so that I would have a better idea of how things worked. If they ask that I usually get the worker to make me THEIR favorite combination, but instead I ordered the Slammin' Salmon off of the menu (Around $10. See other Yelp reviews for this, you already know I loved it). Boyfriend and "tour guide" ordered "The Crunch," which got 5/5 from both of them.  "Tour guide" was upset that the Mango something or other wasn't there anymore, but it doesn't matter:
There is something important that I need to talk to you about. The Wasabi Guacamole. If you're an avocado fan, and you're okay with a LITTLE bit of sinus clearing wasabi, I promise you that this $0.99 add-on is ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT. It's not overpowering since the Wasabi is calmed down by the cooling avocado, but the flavors are powerful enough to really compliment everything in the roll. DO IT. DO IT.
DRINKS: The drinks are a bit pricy (Hibiscus Tea was $2.19), but I would recommend getting one in case you are overwhelmed by the kick of the flavors.
SEATING: There is a window facing seating area, but it only has 4 chairs, so make arrangements to eat somewhere else. 
MESSY: The rolls are VERY MESSY. They do tend to fall apart. If you opt for Burrito style, grab a fork/spoon anyway so that you can scoop up what fell out. Honestly, next time I think I would go for a bowl so that I can taste everything individually as well as together, and not worry about looking messy in front of a date!Second visit and really enjoyed the sushi burrito. The burrito is loaded with veggies but a little skimpy on the meat. The homemade iced green tea was delicious! Price is a bit higher than some other lunch options in the area at roughly $9-11 depending on what you get.Is it wrong that I think this place intentionally made a marijuana themed sushi-rito business? This venue is on HAI street after all, their slogan is "rolled your way" and when they wrap your sushi-rito up, they twist the ends of the wrapping paper, making it look like a fat blunt. Lol Jk. 
All jokes aside, this place is comparable to Chipotle Mexican Grill. Out have your option of the main meat/seafood, rice, toppings and sauces. I split a salmon roll with my friend and it was delish! It consisted of salmon pieces, avocados, red lettuce and rice all wrapped in a big piece of seaweed. I thought it was a delicious combination. I just wish that they have more of these kinds of places in New York City. 
Would I come back? Sure.Was lured in by the concept and positive reviews. But I have to say i did not care for what I ordered AT ALL, however perhaps I need to try again because I will say it was fresh and is a great great great concept. .. and I see other reviewers rave about this place and concoction, in particular, but I THREW IT AWAY. That says a lot for me, ha, not much food waste in these parts :( ... Hmmmmm....
I had one of their posted creations, the salmon one, and added the wasabi guac to it because well wasabi and guac go together with salmon brilliantly. This creation however did NOT work.
I just didn't like the flavor, it was too sweet for one--I dont think I cared for the mango on it and would have left off the sriracha type sauce that was one of the standards on this "rollito"... blah ...
perhaps will try again and crunch it out instead and no sriracha sauce (it's not called this but i don't remember what they call it but sriracha is the base)....I dunno though if I will, am kinda turned off and $10 in the trash isn't a lot but it could have gotten me a delish sandwich at Hip City Veg....lol
A couple of stars for great, friendly service and a great concept but *think* about what you order or get the sauces on the side at first. I did not pick well...So I got the slammin salmon signature roll, I think the ratio of vegetables to meat is way too high. When I bit into the roll I could only taste all the vegetables in it. I think the concept of a sushi burrito is innovative, but I feel like there could have been more meat in it. I've only been here once and I picked the signature roll. You can also make your own roll so I think if I had done that it would have been better (perhaps substitute or pay extra for more meat). The roll was around $9 and some change so a bit on the pricier side. I think everyone should try this at least once. I went on a Sat afternoon around 3ish, but I heard there's usually a line during lunchtime.Really great! I always get the Hai Street chicken burrito!! Lots of flavors and good quality ingredients.This is actually a super efficient and great way to eat a sushi roll with less rice.  It's literally a sushi burrito wrapped with your choice of fish, veggies, sauce, and as much or little rice in a seaweed wrap.  My salmon roll with spicy sauce, brown rice, and veggies was very good and came with a very generous portion of salmon.  It's more filling than a typical sushi roll and definitely has more than 3x's the amount of fish.  It's about $10 for a roll, and you have the option of customizing the wrap or converting it into a rice bowl or even salad.  Definitely worth a visit!  Will be back to try the tuna very soon!sushi burrito, done time and again in all the more popping cities before finally being adopted by some industrious business man in Philadelphia... I was willing to give Hai Street a try but I've confirmed to myself yet again the over-ratedness of the sushi burrito phenomenon.  Essentially a novelty item running on the current tide of "organic, lots of veggie, colorful food" hype.  Accordingly, the place looks hip and clean so props to them.  Don't get me wrong, the food tastes fine, I just don't foresee myself paying the extra bucks again for such a gimmicky food choice.  To put it succinctly, Hai Street brings something new to Philadelphia, but in the culinary world is just one of many dull rocks in a river.I came here for lunch today and got the slamming salmon. it was delicious, a little spicy, but good! I had pretty high expectations and I wouldn't say I was disappointed, but this is something I can live without. oh, and the green tea is great! there was no wait and the staff was friendly enough.What an unique concept. I'm not sure that a sushi burrito is any healthier for you than a normal burrito, but what a taste explosion! The salmon is unbelievable, quick, easy, delicious, and "maybe" good for you. I'll definitely be back!Don't believe the hype. 
I was super excited to try this place because of their cool sushi-burrito combination. My boyfriend and I ordered off the menu instead of "make your own roll". I got The Crunch and my boyfriend got the Slammin Salmon. He said his salmon roll was pretty good. The Crunch was not bad. 2 tempura shrimps and lots and lots of veggies. It was a little more spicier than I can usually handle (but I'm not a spicy food eater). Both our rolls kind of fell apart even before we bite into them. I wish they use bigger seaweed wraps or something to hold everything together. 
The down side of this is I felt really sick afterward and thinking about them makes me feel sick now =\ it's really not what the hype makes it to be. It's good to try if you never had it, but you won't miss out on anything. I prefer my sushi the traditional way. 
This place is meant to be for to-go. They have space you can eat inside but super limited. Tables against the wall but only 4 stools. Parking on the street or garages. The garages are super expensive.My slammin salmon wrap was fine but a bit overpowered in the vinegar/sugar flavor. My main issue is that, eleven dollars later, I was still hungry ,,, figuring that 22 dollars would be needed to fill me up, I could probably do better at any of a number of real sushi places without the fast-food ambience.I got the Flamin' tuna at the new Liberty Place location. I want to love this but by the time I got back to my desk, less than 5 mins after I bought it, it was soggy and falling apart. Took one bite of the roll and the whole thing starts to fall apart. The Nori was wet.  I ate the inside and threw out the rest.Amazing concept, great flavors - possibly the coolest thing I have ever eaten. I love sushi, and was not disappointed by this new method. It's kind of similar to building your perfect futomaki roll? And then eating it hand-roll style. I had the Slamin' Salmon loaded with yummy pickled veggies, papaya, and cabbage. Will for sure be returning to this spot!!I was in town for work and this was down the street. I saw sushi burrito and I yelped (no pun intended) a little since the sushi burrito restaurant in Boston closed before I even had the chance to try it. 
The place is really small and sits about 2 people lol. The place is def meant for take out. When you order it's chipotle style. 
I went with the salmon burrito special. They pack it in this really cute brown hexagon box. I also got the sweetened ice green tea. This was really messy to eat. You take one bite and everything else just spills out. The taste combo was okay it was missing something to marry it altogether.  The tea was a bit sweet but it's refreshing to have. 
My thought on this sushi burrito is that Id stick to sushi rolls. It's too filling for lunch and if there's a next time I would rather go with the rice plates than the burrito style.Sushi Burritos, whaaaat? I've been to Hai Street twice now and it hasn't disappointed either time. The first time I got the bowl with brown rice and tempura shrimp, it's one of their suggestions. So good! Nice Asian Flavors without the heavy, greasy feeling. There was mango and cucumber with a nice sweet and spicy taste. I also had their iced green tea, delish, just as the guy at the counter insisted it would be. I was so happy with my dinner choice! I've heard lunch there is super busy but since I don't work in the city I can only check out places for dinner usually. There was no wait and the employees were nice and informative of what they were offering. I went back a few weeks later and got the burrito with chicken.  This time I tried the hibiscus tea, it could have been a little sweeter but was still a nice drink to have on a hot summer evening. 
I will definately be going back soon!Stopped by for lunch, and wow, what a delicious meal! A very unique combination of quick on the go food, quality ingredients, and mouth watering flavor. My partner and I both got the sushi rolls and the different teas they offered, and we had zero complaints about everything! Customer service could use some works, but I'll give the gals a break since busy during the lunch hour. Would recommend!Very surprised how this " sushi burrito " turned out, couldn't ask for anything more, my fiancé grabbed me a screaming tuna burrito, it was phenomenal fresh and everything I hoped it would be will definitely be going back for moreInteresting concept, got the slamming salmon roll.  Basically a burrito sized sushi roll.  Aside from when I arrived back to the office and finding out I had a completely different roll than what I ordered it was pretty good.  A little weird to eat to eat but I was satisfied.  Not sure I'd rush back there again, i'll probably just stick to a good sushi spot instead since there are a number of good spots downtown.I've prepared plenty of sushi burritos at home over the years and this was my first time eating one from an establishment. Hai Street Kitchen makes very good ones.  Fresh ingredients, impressive wrapping/packaging.  I will be back for more.  Oh, and I ordered one of the salmon rolls with mixed greens, cucumber and miso sauce.  I also love that they employ bicycle delivery people.  Personally I think they should consider scooter delivery, but that's just me.Had to ask for things several times.  The cashier seemed to have his own ideas for service, or who to serve.
The food was good, but on the high side price wise.Got the slamming salmon loaded with everything on there.  It was definitely a bomb choice!  Take note that this is my first time trying a sushi burrito kind of food and this mix of concoction is absolutely on point!  I'm a big salmon guy and the salmon here do not disappoint!  Not the most freshest I've tasted but in no means it's not good!
The lines moved rather quick and the food was prepared a la subway mix and match style of your choosing so you know what exactly is in the mix.
Only thing that I find trouble with is finding parking near here.  Since this is right in the city finding parking here will be difficult.  If I had to plan it out I would definitely plan to find parking elsewhere and make this a destination when I'm visiting the area.Honestly with all the hype I wanted this sushi burrito to be the best thing ever but overall I would rather have sushi. It's a lot of extras and not much actual real fish. It lacked in flavor and falls apart when you try and dip it in soy sauce so wasn't easy to eat either.I came here to see what all the hype was about.  I have to admit - it is worth all the hype!  I was torn between the Slamming Salmon or The Crunch and went with The Crunch. Fresh veggies, a good amount of heat (with the spicy mayo) and a little crunch with the yummy tasting tempura shrimp.
The one drawback - I think I got a little bit of a shell on the last bite .  
Overall though, I would definitely return!  A little pricey, but to be expected in the neighborhood.  Staffers friendly and helpful when trying to decide between the two.
A yummy hidden gem on 18th street!Holy wasabi guacamole! This place is the bomb dot com!!!!! If I lived in Philadelphia, I would come here every day for every meal. No joke! The staff is amazing and answered my 800 questions and did it with a smile. The concept is so freaking clever, I wish it was mine! The ingredients are super fresh and mmhhmm tasty!!! 
I had the slammin' salmon with wasabi guacamole. So much food for the price. Gosh, I need to get to Philly right now to have this wonderful piece of food art.This is NOT susharitto-so don't expect it. My mistake was to think that it would be like the original. Hai street is ok but it is very expensive and does not even try to be "sushi" influenced except that they use raw fish in some rolls. Otherwise there was lots of pickled vegetables, lettuce and bland items. Will not be back. 2 rolls 1 drink = 30$ and seriously it was not yummy or memorable.This place didn't set my world on fire. "The Shroom" is good and certainly flavorful, but I'm not the biggest fan of tempura; it was the only veggie option available. The salad was good and the vegetables were fresh - spring mix, beets, pickled onions, cuke, ginger miso dressing. I would love to see them add a tempeh or tofu option.I really like this place. I had a craving for sushi but I didn't want to sit and eat. This was a good substitute.so i'm a huge hai fan. i go through 777 deals fast and frequently. i left a review here when they first became popular...but this location has fallen short on quality and it sucks. i go back every time cause i think the time before that was just a random bad day for them but it gets worse everytime. the rolls just aren't as fresh as they used to be and it looks kinda dingy in there now. my seaweed today was awful -- so rubbery and hard to chew. two stars only because it seems like someone does quality control at the hai in liberty place. go there for your rolls. now...i'd say totally overpricedIt tasted good but the people who work there did not really know how to make it very well. It fell apart after the first bite. They werent friendly either, i would go again but with lower expectations.Love the idea of large sushi rolls that are as filling as a burrito! Veggie option is delicious, however I with there was a tofu or other veggie option too! Maybe soon ;)Home of the Sushiritto, Hai Street Kitchen has got to be one of my favorite go to foods when I'm in the city. There are many choices to choose from which is awesome! I would say the Sushiritto is quite filling so you can always save it for later! The only thing I wish there was at the shop is more seating.If you don't like sushi, you won't like this place. The seaweed wrap is xtra-stinky.  Definitely wished i had the 20 minutes back that i stood in line :-/Two words: CUSTOMER SERVICE! 
I love walking into a restaurant where the staff immediately greets you and offers menu suggestions when you seem a little lost. It was my first time here and I decided to go with a bowl over a burrito upon learning that there was more food in the bowls than the burrito! The bowl I got was called the shrimp avocado and it was super delicious. Very fresh ingredients and an equal protein to filler (rice, lettuce, veggies) ratio!Here's the thing: a sushi burrito is a novel idea, the packaging is cute, the boxed water is trendy, but I just don't like it that much! The burrito is just too big... I think part of the appeal of sushi is that you're getting the whole taste of the roll in a single bite, and you just cannot do that with the sushi'ritto, unless you have a giant mouth and can manage to smoosh the roll somehow. I might have myself to blame for this, but every time I've been there, my burrito is kinda bland, and I can never, ever finish it - it's too much food for me. 
It's definitely something to say you've tried, and it's a novel idea, but the execution just doesn't live up for me,The most instagramworthy in all the city ! Go at least once and make your own sushi burrito. These things are surprisingly filling and are pretty well priced for sushi grade fish.This place was surprisingly good.  I was swinging by Philly and I decided to stop by and im glad I did.  It's basically an chipotle with an Asian twist.  I ordered the tuna while my friend ordered the salmon.  I prefer the salmon because it wasn't cut up as much as opposed to the tuna that was cut extremely fine.  The only negative may have been that there was a lot of vegetables but that's really nitpicking.  I would swing by again if I was in the area.Whoever invented this sushi burrito is a genius. I ordered the chicken katsu, one of the popular items on the menu, and it was delicious. One of the girls who made the burrito was really friendly, which was good. Planning to get the tempura shrimp next time!I visited Hai Street for the first time for lunch today, and was very pleased with the experience. A friend an I arrived at about 11:45 to find only one person in line in front of us (by the time we left at 12:30 or so, there was quite a line). We decided to split two sushi burritos (Slammin Salmon and Hai Street Chicken) and got the larger sizes (yay protein). The sushi burritos were made promptly, within a couple of minutes, and we were sent on our way. Luckily, because we had beat the lunch rush, there were several seats available at the bar by the window (only about 10 seats in the whole establishment), so we enjoyed our meal on site. 
All of the ingredients for the sushi were incredibly fresh and delicious. Additionally, except for the last couple of bites, the burritos held their structure very very well. The chicken on the Hai Street roll was crispy and flavorful, and the salmon was fresh and salmony tasting. A very good price bargain for the quantity of food and quality of ingredients. However, my complaint for the burrito roll (and a common complaint about burritos in general) is that it was hard to get a bit of each flavor in every bite. This is definitely not the fault of Hai Street... just the nature of a burrito. So some bites were sauce and salmon laden, and some were all rice. I think that I will definitely come back in the future to try more flavors and to use the "build your own" option, but I will stick with bowls or salads. The novelty of the sushi burrito was great, but I feel like a bowl would allow each bite to be more balanced, the way single bites of sushi are typically composed.I was pleasantly surprised by the sushi burrito.  I don't quite know what i was expecting but I think what I got was better then expected. 
I made my own burrito with white rice, salmon, guacamole/wasabe, red cabbage, cucumbers, and papaya salad topped with some spicy mayo and crunchy garlic.  This made for one very large sushi roll.  I have to say I feel like this was a perfect combo and if I were to go there again, I'd get this exact same thing. 
The total came out to $10 which at first I thought was a bit pricey but then again, it was filling and specialty rolls would run about that much or more so I'm thinking it might be a reasonable price.
(very little seating. maybe about 4 bar stools)Pretty funny how I found out about this place. I was at QT vietnamese sandwich place and someone there was eating a sushi burrito from Hai Street. Thinking it was something on QT's menu, we asked him about it and he told us it was from Hai. I then added it to my list of eatries to try out. Recently went and I got the Crispy Shroom roll, and it was pretty good, however I want to try it with one of the spicier sauces next time though. I did add on the avocado for $2, which seems pretty pricey. I don't really like the practice of advertising one price and having so many add ons tacked on. But it was good, fast, convenient and I'll definitely try it again.Sushirittos are amazing. I got the salmon with extra salmon. It's pricey at $14, but hey so is sushi anywhere you go right?
The salmon was very fresh and buttery!3.5 stars
My first sushi burrito! I went around 6:30pm on a Saturday and there was basically no line, which was nice. I had the Slammin Salmon roll. Decent size but I think it's kind of expensive for what it is. However, it was good quality and the pickled jicama added an interesting texture. I'll probably try out a few other sushi places in Philly before returning.Really pleased with this place. Went looking for a quick place to get some asian food and was really pleased when I found Hai Street. Having Steak/Pork/Chicken on the menu is really nice for those who can't stomach uncooked fish. Super happy with this place, service is great and the menu is unique and delicious. Only thing is that it can get a bit pricey. (avg. $10+)At Hai Street Kitchen & Co, sushi and burritos have put  aside their differences and joined together to together to create a super force set for food domination. City of Brotherly Love indeed.
I had seen the concept executed well in San Francisco, but never have seen anything like this on the East Coast so I was very intrigued. 
When I arrived I had no idea what to order, there were plenty of choices and I had just one stomach. Le sigh! The friendly counter person said that the salmon was the most popular on the menu but his personal favorite was the chicken katsu. I was sold. It was topped with a teriyaki sauce, romaine lettuce, red onion, red cabbage and green papaya salad. And because I'm fat like that, I added some wasabi guacomole and fried shallots on top as well...as well as a side of freshly made tempura corn.
I was happy with the size of my sushirrito, it was not too big and not too small. However, I found it a bit dry and lacking of flavor I ate all the chicken inside before giving up. Perhaps I should have gotten the salmon instead.
The tempura corn on the other hand completely satiated my hunger for all things salty and fried. Those little buggers are addictive and before I knew it my little paper box was just a small puddle of oil.An interesting concept that works! It's designed like a Chipotle/Qdoba where you see all the ingredients and you watch them make it. It's clean and the roll I ordered was really tasty! I got their Mexican porkbelly with brown rice, lettuce, cabbage, carrots, spicy mayo and yucca chips for a nice crunch. I'm definitely getting this combination again. You have a choice between making your own or picking from a menu. I don't think this location has a lot of exposure, but I will be coming back for more.First time here, I like the idea a lot but I'm not sure if it's just me or if I just prefer bites of sushi better. Would recommend for a try to see yourself. The service was friendly and the food was good but not craving worthy in my book.Greeted with a smile. Served with gusto. the only thing is, they got my order wrong. I wanted salmon and they gave me shrimp.. so one star less.So glad sushirittos have come to Philly!  The concept is identical to Chipotle but think Japanese. I ordered the chicken katsu and it was delicious. Lots of flavor and everything just worked. Definitely add wasabi guac,  makes it 10 times better.I was so excited to try this place.  Love sushi and love burritos. Every bite of my crunch burrito ( shrimp tempura, spicy mayo, pickled mango, cucumber, and lettuce) was delicious. I was sad to see the meal end. I shared corn tempura side and chips and wasabi guacamole. The food was super fresh and fabulous. Dreaming about when I can go back already.Loved this place! Very different, but being a big burrito and sushi fan figured I would check it out. Me and my friend each ordered one and split it. My favorite was the screaming tuna (i believe it was called aka a spicy tuna variation). It was soo good! I also tried the slammin' salmon, but preferred the tuna for some reason. Both were good though! I also went for the chips with the wasabi guacamole. The chips were ok, but the wasabi guacamole was awesome! Will definitely be returning.If you like sushi, this is basically burrito sized sushi, but messier. It's definitely a meal that calls for napkins: unlike a traditional burrito, this is just an open ended roll, so ingredients tend to fall out. Depending on what combo you get, it can also be a little mushy. Very tasty though.
My main issue is that they sometimes get the order wrong or sub ingredients without asking. They put breaded chicken in my order unexpectedly (breading = gluten). My coworker who got an order at the same time had a completely different order than what she'd paid for. Definitely double check what you get.Sushi meets a burrito ...  yesssss :-) Absolutely love this place.Eat here every week - great place for lunch on the go. First time I went generic and got the Slammin Salmon (it was terrific). Now I switch it up and create my own. Everything is delicious, but I highly recommend getting the spicy gochujang, black pepper teriyaki, wasabi guac, and pickled mango as ingredients. Get creative - you won't regret it ... and get a bowl sometime - they are equally delicious.Absolutely delicious! Such a simple concept, perfectly executed. It's Sushi chipotle style! :)
Will definitely come back. Ordered the salmon and chicken, loved them both.My boyfriend knows how much I love sushi, thought I'd love this too, and he was totally right! He had told the staff that he was about to get on a flight from Philly to Nashville to bring me two sushi burritos and they were extremely friendly and helpful in packaging them for me so they stayed fresh. He bought a hai street chicken burrito and a ho-lee shrimp burrito, both deep fried. I don't typically like meat in my sushi, but the hai street chicken burrito was amazing. And the holee shrimp burrito was as good as a shrimp tempura roll, but actually better. Best part? Even after a 2.5 hour flight, they were both still so good! I have him bring this to me every time he flies in from Philly now, I love this place!Nice for the novelty factor, but probably wouldn't eat on a regular basis. There was a surprisingly generous amount of filling (I had the Ho-Lee Shrimp) and it was very satisfying. Ingredients were fresh too.No, no and no..... perhaps they should ship their crew to California to retrain on how to make a proper 'sushi burrito'. I've tasted much better ones on the West Coast. The concept is neat, as is the packaging but the overall execution is poorly done by Hai Street. 
The sushi rice was dry, undercooked and not up to the standards of sushi rice. When you can't get the rice right, it's a downhill battle to redeem the rest of the food. 
As for the tuna in the tuna roll, there was the equivalent of a teaspoon of tuna in the entire roll.  (seriously...?!).  
No thanks.  I prefer Chipotle anytime over this.Interesting concept, hard to eat though. The burritos are huge and are packed full with the protein and veggies. I got the Ho-Lee Shrimp and it was good but could have used more sauce- I should have asked for more on the side. The shredded beets were an interesting addition to the usual fillings within a sushi roll. It's similar to eating a Chipotle burrito, you can never get a bite of all the fillings because the burrito is too big to eat in one bite. The location is small and there is limited seating but I appreciate how there is an abundance of outlets.Amazing quality and great prices! Lots of great options to choose from for proteins, toppings and sauces. The Matcha Green Tea is also perfect, and lightly sweetened. Staff was very nice, restaurant clean.please make another location somewhere in north philly, preferably nor libs or fishtown. i would order delivery every night.Maybe I had really high expectations or I've been spoiled by good sushi or I just got a bad batch but I'm pretty disappointed. 
My friend and I saw the menu and we're amazed by the idea of a giant sushi roll/burrito and how it incorporated some Korean elements too. I got the slamming salmon with brown rice and my friend made her own.  The rice ended up being so sour (too much rice vinegar?) and all the gochujang sauce was unevenly distributed that I couldn't finish it.
Another downside is there's not enough seating. I understand it's a small place though. There were also twoo tables outside but no seats...so everyone was just standing around it.
The plus side is that the fish IS really fresh and the portions are extremely filling. I like the interior decoration as well.Sushi buuuurrrrrittttoooo. I love the concept. Just like chipotle, subway and all the other build it how you want it chains- you start with rice and a protein and pile on all the veggies, sauces, crunchy fried toppings and whatever else your heart desires. My husband and I shared a Ho-lee shrimp with shrimp tempura, spicy mayo, asian slaw, beets and garlic fried crunchy bits. I subbed carrots for the beets because I feel like beets overpower everything. We also got a Flamin Tuna with yellowfin tuna tartar, gochugang, romaine, carrot, beets, avocado salsa and crunchy green onion. We subbed the beets for cucumbers. The idea was to get 2 different kinds and split them. I didn't realize they would be so huge! I ate my half of the Ho-lee shrimp and I was stuffed. I tried a bite of the tuna and it was really good- I was just too full. If we hadn't put the fried green onions in it, I feel like the integrity of the burrito would have held up just fine. My hubby ended up eating it later in the evening, but of course the onions weren't crunchy anymore.  I felt like there was a good ratio of meat to veggies but my hubby felt like he should have asked for double protein. It's a solid spot to grab a quicj bite to eat. Come hungry!They need a Hai Street Kitchen & Co. (or an equivalent) in New Jersey/New York.
Atmosphere: Chipotle, but for sushi-like foods. 
Food: Slammin' Salmon, at the regular size. It's already pretty damn large, so I can't imagine what the gozilla looks like. Anyway, fish was fresh, not too much rice, and an amazing amount of crunch with the cucumbers/romaine/jicama/cabbage. Also, that gochujang sauce is tangy with just the right amount of spice, and it really made the flavor of the roll. I finished it and felt perfectly content. Got the hibiscus ice tea, which was just okay. But the sweet green tea is great if you're a fan of matcha. You'll be paying about 10-12 for your roll, which is pretty decent.I was skeptical about a sushi burrito but I'm now a fan. The sushi was fresh and the staff on Wednesday night were great. Informative and helpful in making my selection. I deleted a few items from the standard burrito that I chose and they offered to substitute something else. I added extra tuna for $2.50 which was a good choice. Two sushi burritos and 2 sodas cane to $27.00. Definitely give this place a try.This is heaven. A burrito with sushi in it... brilliant. I had the spicy sushi grade tuna with carrots, cucumber, and white rice topped w soy sauce. It was divine. Perfect portion and I had very little leftover. Very reasonably priced and super fresh. Next time I'm in Philly, I will be eating here for sure!Super obsessed with the rice bowls! I get the katsu chicken with wasabi guacamole, veggies, and spicy mayo. I work right up the street and since learning about this place I come here at least twice a week! Everything is so fresh and delish! Get the lemonade and hibiscus juice mixed, you won't be disappointed. So happy Rittenhouse has so many different food options,and this is one of the best if you're looking so something different!First time having a sushi burrito. Did not disappoint! I built my own burrito with salmon, mixed greens, papaya, carrots, cucumber, onions, and tempura bits. Staff were really friendly. They also serve pokè now.Had the Shrimp tempura roll.  Fantastic flavor - well seasoned, great portion.  Love this place - really original take on old ideas.I tried this place out of curiosity and was pleasantly surprised. I had the philly steak wrap with the teriyaki pepper sauce and it was very good. My only objection is that the staff could have been more friendly.This place it amazing! If you're like me and use urban spoon to find the best places to eat, I can tell you that this is the greatest place to go. I got salmon, black pepper teriyaki sauce, carrots, cucumbers, grilled zucchini, papaya salad, and avocado salsa in a brown rice wrap. It was absolutely delicious!! Warning: Hai Kitchen is expensive, like $8-$10 a burrito (not including chips or drinks). Very clean, fast service, and extremely filling. Well worth going AT LEAST once for the experience, worth going back again and again for everything else :)Greatly disappointed.  I was really excited about the concept and had been waiting to try Hai St. since it opened.  However, it fell really flat.  To start, the space is really cramped and there is only seating for four so unless you are comfortable awkwardly standing while eating close to someone, this is basically a carry out place.  The music choice was a little edgy for an eatery too.  Nothing against rap, but hearing Rick Ross and Kendrick Lamar made me feel like I was in Foot Locker, not a dining establishment.   The food was mediocre and really overpriced.  I ordered the sumo steak and expected at least the meat to be hot, which it wasn't.  I couldn't taste the onion, and the asparagus really didn't go that well with all of the other ingredients.  The portion size was minute and only really worth half of what I payed.  I've had worse, but I've also had much better.Pretty good for this new burrito sushi concept, a bit pricy at 8 dollars and above but def enough for a meal. The Katsu pork did better than salmon in the burrito interestinglyA fun lunch option!  I got the crunchy shrimp roll.  It ended up being much larger than anticipated.  It tasted great, but it was a little difficult to eat (I also have trouble eating normal wraps &hoagies).  Be sure to eat your sushi roll with a napkin and fork near by.  I felt full after eating the sushi burrito.  I would absolutely go back and try a customized burrito.Pricey but there is something addictive about the salmon. Poached just right to keep the middle soft. The papaya salad is also a must!Went here for the lunch the other day and forgot about how amazing this place is! I got the tempura shrimp bowl and it was DELICIOUS and so filling! I saved half for dinner that night. Also the chips + guac are fantastic. Despite the fact that they was a pretty big line in front of me (6 people) I probably only spent 15 min there.My daughters and I went to Hai Street recently for the first time.  We had quick service and our lunch was absolutely delicious. Cannot wait to go back!This place beats Chipotle in the "fast casual" department.  I'm amazed by how great and high-quality the food is, especially given how fast and affordable it is.  The only qualm is that it could have better ambience for those dining in, as it feels somewhat unwelcoming.  I highly recommend the salmon and chicken varieties.I really enjoy this place for lunch when I am picking it up and going right home.
They have very limited seating, a long table against the wall and window with about 4 stools.
This is not great when you want to stop and eat while shopping in the area or want to eat in the restaurant.  The University city location has a few tables, but there isn't much seating there either.
Both locations are pretty small, so I get that there is limited seating, but at least have some outdoor tables in the summer?
I really like to make my own creation, I usually get the salmon with various veggies such as the papaya, jicama, carrots, etc.
I also like either the spicy mayo or the peanut sauce as my sauce.  The only reason I have not trued the other sauces, is because there is no description of them to be found and the restaurant is usually pretty busy when I am there, so I feel like I am holding people up if I ask. The staff usually wants to get you order quickly and get to the next customer.
I also enjoy either the fried shallots or garlic as my crunch.
I do which there were more meat/fish options.  I would love to have more sushi quality fish in my sushirtto.  It is kind of disappointing when there is only one non-fried fish option and there are no real sushi fish options either since everything is cooked. However, even though I wish there were more options as stated above, I do always enjoy the salmon.
The wasabi guacamole and chips are also delicious and I do not usually like wasabi, I only like it on my own terms.  It gives the guacamole a really good flavor.Hai Street Kitchen & Co is what happens when you cross Chipotle with your favorite sushi place; furthermore, the results are quite tasty.
You choose between a sushi burrito or sushi bowl, then choose what type of rice you want, what type of meat you want, and what type of veggies you want. There are plenty of options so choose wisley.
They also have predetermined recipies called "Signature Sushi Burritos", which is what I opted to get; "The Hai Street Kitchen" with chicken Katsu, black pepper teriyaki sauce, romain, pickled red onion, red cabbage, and green papaya salad.  It was very tasty. 
It should also be noted that they have delicious housemade lemonade and hisbiscus iced tea. If you're in the Philly area, this place is worth a quick pop in for lunch.Hai Street is basically the Japanese version of Chipotle, just a little pricer. It's great for a quick bit and at least appears healthy.I have had my eye on this place since it's grand inception due to the clever concept of a sushi burrito that's new to Philly. However, I just never had the opportunity to try it until now.  The concept is very "chipotle" or "subway" offering a choice of protein and 4 sides and choosing either a roll or a bowl, I can see how some would argue that this place is pricey if you look at it simply as takeout food but if you look at it from a sushi perspective where you easily pay $8-15 for one roll and in many sushi cases you order 2-3 rolls, a filling sushi burrito roll with fresh and pure ingredients for $10 is very reasonable.  Looking at their selections, I wish they had more sushi-like fish concoctions.  But I guess they had to feature meat choices for the carnivores out there.  Being this my first time, I had to go for the slammin' salmon signature roll with fried shallots to stay true to my sushi roots. What a great light and fresh choice, even better than sushi in a health perspective since I'm not drenching each bite into soy sauce.  Fresh fish, greens, ginger - I wish they would feature a plain wasabi sauce that's not guacamole based as I don't eat avocados. Sad I know, allergies damnit.  Other gripes include a lack of seating and a lack of a bathroom. But overall, great and healthy alternative than a burrito or burger but more filling than a salad when you wanna go for a "take-out" choice.There is so much hype about this place that a lot of my friends that tried this before I did didn't really have great things to say about it because of their high expectations. I didn't lower mine, but I was still generally satisfied. This isn't a life changing meal, but it is a 'fresh' take that is great to perk up your lunch rotation.
It's a pretty place, and it's a little reminiscent of a chipotle/qdoba set up. Clean colors and lines, and aesthetically pleasing.
I got a hand roll filled with white rice, tataki salmon, spicy mayo, pickled mango, carrots, spring mix, cucumber, and crispy shallots. I did not taste or feel the crispy shallots at all, so I guess it didn't matter or not if I got them. I am a huge fiend for spicy mayo, so I'm glad I got the spicy mayo, rather than the gochu jang spread - which would make your roll taste more like hwedup bap than a sushi roll. I didn't really care for the pickled mango, but everything else was great. I'm glad the tataki salmon was just ever so lightly seared, so that I still got that raw texture and taste.
I also got the mexican grilled pork - their signature version - and it was awesome. I'd get it again, most definitely.
I laughed a bit when I saw how they got the rice onto the seaweed wrap - they use a machine! Having worked at a sushi restaurant as a server, it's just a little embarrassing to watch that happen. It's not too difficult to just spread rice on a a sheet of seaweed, but I guess the machine is part of the gimmick? Or to standardize the amount of rice being put on? I think that's the part that slowed down the process the most.
The size was a little disappointing, but I was sufficiently filled and there's always the 'jumbo' option. I'll be back hopefully. I like this place.I was dying to try this place, but I still have yet to visit the store. I ran into their tent at the PIFA event in the city. I got the salmon roll and the green tea. I had just come from dim sum with my mom, but just HAD to try a sushi burrito roll. I was not disappointed. I was so full but still couldn't stop eating. I can't wait to actually order something from the store.Sushi burritos are off the hook! I got the Shrimp Tempura roll. The rice is definitely cooked correctly for sushi. Prices are totally reasonable too! It's a little messy so keep it in the paper while you eat it (just like a burrito)For the past few years, every time I mentioned that I wanted to try out Hai Street Kitchen, I would get pretty lackluster responses. At the time, I did not understand why - a sushi burrito sounded like the harmonious marriage of two of my favorite foods. 
I stopped in right when they opened and luckily did not have to deal with a line. I'm a huge chicken katsu fan and it was nearing 100 degrees outside, so I opted for a cooked option - otherwise, the slamming salmon and yellowfin tuna both sounded like awesome choices. The ordering process was quick and painless - I emerged about five minutes later with a neatly packaged, decently sized chicken katsu sushirrito in what felt like a sturdy cardboard tube, and a cold matcha drink.
My favorite part of the meal was the matcha drink - it was refreshing, had strong matcha flavor, and I'm not sure if it was the sugar content or the caffeine, but it woke me right up. Unfortunately, the chicken katsu sushiritto is not particularly amenable to takeout - 20 minutes later, the tonkatsu sauce had seeped out of the burrito, through the cardboard, and smeared around my bag and all of its contents. The chicken was also quite soggy, having been encased in the burrito with wet shredded vegetables. The flavors were good though, the chicken portion was quite generous, and in general, the burrito had a good ingredients-to-rice ratio. 
Overall, I did think that Hai Street was worth checking out for the novelty, and there were other options on the menu that caught my eye. Unfortunately, the combination of sushi and burrito was not more than the sum of its parts, and actually sacrificed one of the best traits of both - their portability and convenience as takeout food. That matcha drink was awesome though - I'd stop in again just for that.I braved the line here for lunch today and got the slammin' salmon roll. Ahhh! It was SLAMMIN'! 
For $8.99, they put a ton of beautiful cured salmon, brown rice, lettuce, mango, fried shallots, papaya salad, gochujang, and red onions inside a lovely nori wrapper. This is filling, has healthy ingredients, and is totally worth the money, in my opinion. 
They have a wide variety of options and combinations to choose from, or to make your own roll or bowl. I was really impressed with their salmon roll, and I don't think I would have changed a thing. I liked the assembly line that they had going - although the line is out the door everyday (they just opened last week), I was impressed with how quickly they took my order, prepared my roll, and swiped my credit card.
I think Hai Street Kitchen is here to stay!Great ingredients, endless combinations and an amazing fusion of flavors- pickled mango, pork belly, gochujang sauce, - and all relative healthy (or not) depending on your combo. I'm relieved to have an affordable and casual food option in center city.Cool idea, really good execution. Go with Go Zilla for some extra meat, it's worth it.The wraps are actually Sushi burritos . And it's pretty delicious. I had the mushroom fried sushi wrap. They have other options like chicken and other meats. The idea is great. The veggies were fresh and they had a good variety to choose from. Very healthy menu and caters to a vegetation diet. It's like a chipotle that' serves Sushi. They even serve the salad bowls if you don't like the sushi rolls.I don't get the less than amazing rating here.  Food was delicious, fast, and just what it said it was on the menu.  Perfect.  Could there have been more shrimp?  Sure, but that would raise the cost, so no arguments.Stopped here for the first time today on the way to sunbathe by the river. We ordered the Shrimp Tempura and Salmon house burritos. The burritos were amazing! I'm not a fan of spicy and I don't eat a lot of chicken or pork so it would have been nice to see some more house rolls with fish that aren't spicy. The process for ordering was a lot like Chipotle or Subway and I always get overwhelmed with all of the options! I like when places have a lot of house options that you can choose to tweak to make spicy or sub out a veggie you may not like. The menus with the sauces and veggies were really small and right up on the window instead of overhead so it might be difficult to decide what you want before it's your turn. I am most likely in the minority here. :) We ordered the regular size and it was definitely big enough for lunch. I'd have to be super famished to need a zilla roll.
Overall - delicious and totally happy that we stopped in today!Went their for the first time the food is really fresh and not that badly priced. I made my own sushi burrito it was done fast and fresh I also got the hibiscus tea which wasn't that bad. Would definitely go back again.Great experience! Loved the sushi burrito and the packaging for it was adorable and easy on the go! Great place!We just ordered from here. We were so excited to try this place! Unfortunately, they messed up our online order so badly that I didn't even want to eat what was delivered. First of all, the "Yellowfin Tuna" option on the online menu is REALLY SPICY, and nowhere on their online menu does it indicate that. It was so awful that it took over all of the other flavors. Second of all, neither of the sauces my friend and I ordered wound up on the burritos, and they seemed to mix and match pieces of our orders. Finally, I asked for a little of my sauce on the burrito and some on the side...I did not get my sauce on the side.
If I ever go back here, I'll be ordering in person and watching them make it. I love the concept, but I do not love throwing money away on food I don't want.While shopping with my husband, we felt like having a small snack and decided to give this place a shot. We split their shrimp tempera roll and it was enough for a snack for the both of us, but we each could easily could have been devoured our own roll. The nori was great - nicely roasted with lots of flavor, the shrimp tempura was also great.  They were nice enough to let me swap out the asparagus for pickled papaya. 
The price is really what deters me, it cost us ~$10 for this sushi burrito which was ~80% vegetables. We probably won't be going back, we'll bring our $10 and get some really good handrolls down the street.I miss the Screaming' tuna! (please bring it back).  But still opt for the Slammin' Salmon.  A spicy option with fresh salmon and veggies.  I haven't had a bad roll yet. A great lunch option for a mix of sushi and burrito.I walked by one day on lunch hour and decided I had to try it soon since I love sushi and burritos. They have signature roll combinations already selected or have it rolled your way...I did the latter. STEP 1: Select your style - roll or bowl STEP 2: Choose your main ingredient  STEP 3: Sauce it Up, STEP 4: Pick up to 4 toppings STEP 5:Crunch it up. So here's what I had, Nori roll with White rice, Salmon, I wasn't going to get a sauce but decided to get Black Pepper Teriyaki, Romaine, Cucumber, Carrot and Asparagus. For .99 cents you can add Wasabi Guacamole and Yucca chips as my crunch. I thought the roll was delicious. I also brought fruit from home, so, if roll is not satisfying you could GO ZILLA or add a side: Chips with Wasabi Guacamole, Sweet corn tempura or Miso Vegetable soup. Yes, I will be back. I think this is a great concept merging sushi/japanese with Mexican/Burritos. Cool concept.Food & Drinks: 4
     I chose the sushi burrito, the process is pretty neat. I was basically a chipotle but for sushi burritos. I went for the fried portobello as my protein, because I'm vegetarian and a ginger sauce. For my four veggies, I got the spring mix, shredded cucumbers, avocado (which cost extra like always), and the pickled onions. Then she rolled it up and I ate it. It was so much better than I thought, I was a bit skeptical about the ideas of Japanese and Mexican cuisine coming together, but I worked out. One thing was the it was a bit expensive, I got a burrito which was $11 and a water which ended up costing $2. 
Environment: 3.5
     The seating area was really small only about six chairs and two then which looked out the window. But this is not supposed to be a place where you sit down and can spend hours with your friends talking. This is either a take on the train or while your walking kind of thing. But there wasn't much decoration, it was mainly just a small place for functional purposes.My sushiritto ended up being about 80% carrot and 5% actual salmon. A waste of money for something that doesn't taste very fresh to begin with.I've been wanting to try this but was wary of going in (for no good reason). A co-worker was telling me about this great place in Philly when I realized this was the place she was talking about!  The staff was very helpful as I had no idea how to order. I ended up getting a bowl with double protein. Spicy and yummy. Also, I felt like I got a lot for the money. Next time I'm getting a roll!  Can't wait.First time getting a sushi burrito and it was delicious. My only complaint with Hai Street is the variety of options for toppings. I've been to a lot of poke restaurants before and have never seen so few options of things to put in my burrito/bowl. That said, it was delicious, I just wish I saw seaweed salad, plain edamame, crab salad, etc.Slammin Salmon is good too.My 2nd time here yesterday really good!!! I has the salmon roll the first time and the crunch roll the 2nd time!!! It's so good so filling and I always get a great tea. Really nice place always clean. Although no parking I always find a spot that I can run in order and leave. See you again.I am not a food critic, just like food. I got the Ho-Lee Shrimp, highly recommend it if you want something light for a meal. How do you stuff your face in sushi? Make it on big roll, burrito!! Great hospitality on their food truck! Just wished they had the dynamite roll available on their food trucks. Great work you guys! Keep up the good work!A pretty interesting concept. Think a gigantic sushi roll that isn't cut into 6 - 8 pieces. Sort of like a Japanese burrito.  We ordered the salmon one and the shrimp tempura one. I thought the salmon was better, I liked the Chinese veggies and wasabi guac that was on it. I went at 2pm, I was in and out in 5 mins. (I've heard the line can get long)  definitely something to try once and I would go back if I was in the mood.  Also, the lemonade was horrible, jus sayinWHOA! I've been dreaming of sushi burritos for years (seriously, ask my wife) and it was totally worth the wait. This place is awesome - friendly and prompt staff, great location, and delicious, fresh, and healthy food. The Slammin Salmon was fantastic and the sweet green tea excellent too.
If you're reading this, stop and go to Hai Street. So good!The food was delicious, but fell apart in my hands. It was difficult to eat. I would just order a bowl. That defeats the whole idea of a sushi wrap.Best ,best , best  sushi  burrito  ever  I literally wished they had one closer to me I'd eat here everyday that's how good the food is . The quality and freshness is everything. Me and my sisters go here all the time we love it.I went here for the first time during the summer but it wasn't as good as the second time. The first time I got it, it was too dry and not enough sauce on it. It was okay and not something I would travel into the city for. 
Today I was in the area and thought why not give it a second try. Glad I did! Super delicious this time! Very quick service. 
I got the chicken katsu with white rice, spicy mayo, romaine, red onions, carrots with crunchy shallots.Fun place, good food. I mean, who doesn't love a sushi burrito... but the space is cramped so be prepared to take your food to go. Definitely worth it.Cute little hispter-y place with very friendly staff. The sushi burritos are huge but delicious and I love how all the ingredients are procured responsibly and eco-friendly. Great option for vegans! Hope to see tofu as a protein option in the future.Food was fine. Make sure to ask for a receipt. The cashier clicked through and tipped himself then had me just sign. Incredibly dishonest.I love this concept of making something, in this case sushi, more accessible, more affordable, and more friendlier to the masses. It's a Chipotle-esque menu and where the customer can pick and choose what they want in their sushi burrito baby. Very fresh toppings. Definitely opt for the green papaya salad as one of your toppings. 
In many ways, this is a glorified bigger sized sushi roll that isn't cut up into 6 or 8 pieces. Or a really big hand roll. Or a really big rice ball concoction. But, I like it. I wish we had something like this in the Northern VA area. 
This is a highly portable meal, but it will get soggy over time. The fried corn consists of individually fried corn kernels, so it can be hard to eat. Do not wait to get home to eat these, these will get soggy really fast!Friendly staff and two great rolls: the Chili Citrus Pork and the Slammin' Salmon. The seaweed did a terrific job of holding a good amount of ingredients in one wrap.
Shockingly, I think I preferred the salmon! The crunchy jicama plus the grapefruit citrus was just so refreshing and pleasing to the palate. The Chili Citrus Pork was no slouch with a great low heat that built as it was devoured.
The location is pretty tiny with a standing bar across the front window and one wall. The trash cans, while a good size and nicely color coded, took up perfectly good seating potential. Additionally a couple two tops could likely fit in the center of the room. Thankfully it wasn't too crowded when we were there. I could definitely see getting the rolls for takeout.
Looking forward to trying some more roll types!The sushi burrito signature roll was very delicious and very filling. It came with a good amount of meat, but what threw me off was that the spicy tuna for the screaming tuna looked a bit patted. I would've thought it came with tuna pieces as opposed to a paste consistency. This might be because the tuna is suppose to be spicy so it's already mixed in with tuna. Anyways, I still thought it was very good to eat. Also the drinks were only a $1! Which definitely helps on a hot summer dayHai Street Kitchen not only looks, but makes food just like Chipotle as you can choose between either a roll or a bowl, and with various meat/fish/veggie entrees.
My boyfriend and I opted for the "zilla" option, which lets you choose two different meat options for an extra charge. We recommend shrimp tempura and tataki salmon for the ultimate sushi experience and if you're willing to shell out get the wasabi guacamole for an extra charge as well.
My only complaints about this place are one, there's not many seating options seeing as how the place itself is very small, and two, the prices are so pricey. For two Zilla rolls with guacamole we spent $25!
Regardless, it was worth both the drive and the money especially if you're craving for a different sushi experience.Moving from San Francisco, I used to go to Sushiritto and loved it. Didn't think a sushi-burrito could get any better until I tried Hai Street Kitchen & Co! I wish the name was a little more catchy and described the sushi-burrito, but this was hands down better than Sushiritto! I am definitely going to become a regular at the downtown location!I am loving this place! Who wouldn't want a sushi burrito? I stopped in today and I was a first timer. They people behind the counter were very helpful, they explained everything. I ordered a shrimp tempura burrito with wasabi. Wow it was delicious! Everything was very fresh and reasonably priced. It's very  similar to a Chipotle but with sushi. 
Come to find they have a few locations in the area.We will defiantly be back. Solid 5 starsInteresting concept! I am always up for Asian fusion food ideas!
It is a small restaurant with only standing tables (one bench outside of its restaurant). The menu is limited and clear. Alternatively, you can have customized sushi burritos.
I had the steak option and my burrito was super yummy! It was juicy and flavorful. I definitely liked the seaweed wrap! So unique!
Not 5 stars because if you are starving, you are NOT going to be full for $8/$9 here. 
If you are into healthy portion and eatery, definitely go here! 
If you are huangry, go to Chipotle instead and order extra everything just like this buzzfeed, then you will be stuffed!
http://www.buzzfeed.com/jessicamisener/ways-to-make-the-chipotle-burrito-person-hate-youHad lunch at Hai street today and I wasn't super impressed. The decor is contemporary and cute (although the space is small with only bar seating), but the food was just average. I had a custom shrimp tempura roll with cucumber, romaine, sautéed onions, shallots and spicy mayo but overall the taste was pretty bland. The food was fresh and the green tea was delicious, however I doubt if I'd return just for that.I really like the food at Hai street and have been several times. I would normally have given it a 5 star review but today the staff were so rude I am not sure I will ever go back.I was really excited to try the sushi burrito since it had so many good reviews but the taste was average. I ordered the slammin' salmon and the crunch. The crunch burrito, I can barely taste the shrimp tempura since the shrimp was so tiny and one of the workers went overboard with the spicy mayo. The slammin salmon tasted better than the crunch. It was not worth $10 per burrito.  I cannot deny that the service was great though.I had the slammin' salmon burrito. Quick service, great combos of sauces and veggies to bring out the flavor of the salmon. Very filling--you could definitely make two meals out of one burrito. Its the japanese version of chipotle in a sense. A bit pricey, but you'd expect as much for a sushi burrito.I could eat here for every meal (and sometimes do)! This place is like the Japanese version of Chipotle, but soooo much better! (No offense, Chipotle.) Their ingredients are fresh, you can customize any roll or bowl, and their sides, like the Sweet Corn Tempura, are amazing!
Around the lunch hour, there is always a line out the door. But don't worry, it moves rather quickly. After the business day is over, you can get in and out very quickly. 
The staff is always beyond pleasant.Japanese sushi? No! Japanese burrito is what they call it. Went here after a company meeting and was amazed with the size and taste.
I had the chicken cutlet roll which you can choose the inside ingredients from many varieties. If you are hungry, you can choose the GODZILLA size which is double the size of normal.
They also do rice bowl's which looked very good as well.I wanted to try sushiritto for awhile so when I saw this place I had to go in. It reminds me of chipotle but with Asian flair. You can choose what type of meat you want and variety of toppings and sauce. It reminded me of a huge sushi roll. For about $10, I think it's not a bad deal. The sauce in the roll ended up runny and kind of messy to eat. I will definitely go back when I have the chance!If you're looking for something different and out of the ordinary definitely come here. The staff was super friendly and the burrito was pretty good!!! Make sure you come early though because they run out of things fast!!!This was a new experience for me, and coming from Chicago that's saying a lot.  They have sushi burritos, filled with your choice of meat, fresh vegetables, picked vegetables and toppings, all rolled with rice and seaweed.  My friends and I shared the chilli pork and chicken rolls and found them fresh, and delicious.  The combination of textures, coupled with the flavors of the meat were fantastic.  I wish I could have brought some home with me.  The restaurant itself is more of a takeout style, but for a quick meal, it was comfortable enough.This place was a bit overhyped. Yes, the flavors are good but they could use some improvements.
I went about a week or 2 after this place had opened and I had the shrimp tempura sushi burrito. I was a bit disappointed in the simplicity of the prep. The seaweed came straight out of a packet but I was hoping that they would toast it real quick for a bit of the aromatic roasted seaweed smell. 
The rice was already prepped and loaded into a machine which was pretty cool and unique. 
I've heard the sumo steak sushi burrito is amazing so I'll have to go by and try that sometime but I wouldn't go out of my way to this place.Japanese Burrito? Definitely interesting place.  The Hubbie and I tried the slammin salmon roll and hai street chicken roll.  Both were delicious.  If you like sushi rice and seaweed, then you have to try it.  The salmon was so fresh and yummy.... One suggestion would be to have avocado with it. They don't have that as an option but would be perfect.  We would def. come back for more!I love sushi and I love the invention of the sushi burrito don't get me wrong. BUT the customer service really ruined my experience. First I had to over hear the fact that they didn't have any chicken at all then that they had no avacado salad. That takes away most of the options on the menu. Then to top it all of the girl making my burrito had the worst attitude. She worked like the place was super crowded, hastily and pushy. I asked if the mayo was super spicy, she said yes, then I said I don't want it then so what does she do, offer me the next spicyest sauce doesn't ask if I really want it then slathers a ton in the middle. Then she just started putting all the ingredients on it to make a roll on the board. They could have a great business if the people working there at least acted like they liked their job. Instead the great food gets overshadowed by bad customer service.I'm definitely a fan of the size of these wonderful sushi burritos. If you haven't had one before, a sushi burrito does not typically include a tortilla or the traditional Mexican fare you might be used to. A sushi burrito is simply sushi ingredients in a hand roll, super sized. This place was delicious, and it's not hard to see why both food truck and stand alone locations are a success. 
These tight space doesn't encourage a lot of people of toddle, and the lunch hour in Center City is packed, so I anticipate taking your lunch to go. Enjoy the weather! Get outside! 
I ordered the Slammin' Salmon comprised of the tataki slamon, gochujang sauce, romaine, cucumber, pickled jicama, and red cabbage ($10.18) PLUS additional Avocado Salsa (additional $1.99). Boom right up to the Go Zilla price, but worth it. It's a bit of a pricey lunch, but hey, great fresh ingredients will do that to you. Also, you have the choice of brown vs. white rice, and I went brown without a regret. I particularly enjoyed the pickled jicama, the perfect blend of sour to the spicy sauce. 
Overall, it's a filling meal, not too bad for you, and oh so scrumptious. Can't wait for Friday when I go again!
Cheers, 
DOrdered for takeout on caviar. We got a rice bowl and sushi roll. The rice bowl has salmon, which was a little shocking when it was sashimi. I got the sushi roll with chicken katsu with the miso dressing. Everything tasted really good; my only complaint was that the sushi burrito didn't stay it place. It fell apart after three bites and rice got everywhere.This is a fantastic option for a lunch under $10. "Asian Chipotle"/ "sushi burrito" pretty much nails the description on its head, though I usually think "raw" when I hear "sushi" and my favorite options here are cooked. It is totally customizable, so you can switch up your order to match your cravings.  The recommended combinations are also fine choices with the best IMO being the Hai Street Chicken. Their sweet green tea is DELICIOUS and a perfect balance to your meal if you're like me and enjoy generous pours of spicy gochujang. It is worth noting that their staff is extremely friendly. There's always a positive energy in the place!
If you're torn between roll or bowl, I would go bowl because the nori tears easily and you run the risk of spilt saucy rice, which is never a fun clean-up. My favorite combo is bowl, chicken katsu, cucumber, red onion, red cabbage, papaya salad, yucca chips, and spicy gochujang. Yum!Popped in here with the wife and daughter on a Sunday night. We were looking to try something fast and different. My daughter, who is living in the city while at med school suggested Hai Street Kitchen, describing it as as an Asian Chipolte.
I was a bit surprised, it is very small space. Most of the their business is take out. They had a standing counter but only 4 stools if you wanted to sit. The restaurant was very clean and bright.
We had 3 dishes, all bowls  THE HAI SATAY- grilled chicken, spicy peanut sauce, romaine,cucumber, carrot, pickled jicama, cilantro. This was OK, not really what I expected but not bad. I was anticipating a Thai or Indonesian style satay sauce. It had a little kick to it and the grilled chicken was good. You can chose either a bowl or wrap. 
SLAMMIN' SALMON -tataki salmon, gochujang sauce, romaine,cucumber, pickled jicama, red cabbage -My wife was pretty surprised as the salmon was sushi grade and not cooked. It is not that she doesn't't like Sushi,  just the menu didn't really make it clear it wasn't cooked if your not familiar with the definition of Tataki. Which we were not.
My daugter had the THE CRUNCH -shrimp tempura, spicy mayo, romaine, cucumber, pickled Jicama, grilled zucchini. This was an OK dish.
We also had the spicy Miso soup which was very good. My sweet iced green tea was pretty good also.
All of the food was fresh, light and seemed healthy. The staff was very nice. However none of the dishes really stood out as something special. It is a tad pricey for what you get also.I don't think we would go back unless I was in the are and looking for something fast.Tried the Sumo Steak! A perfect combination of flan steak, sautéed onions, black pepper teriyaki sauce, read cabbage and asparagus- oh and crunchy onions in a fresh roll of white rice and seaweed! Spectacular food and service! Totally worth the hype.This is definitely my Chipotle, Japanese style. I made my own burrito with salmon, roasted beets, pickled mango, spring mix, asparagus, yucca chips and gochujang sauce. It was amazing. All ingredients we fresh and can't wait to go back.There is hardly a place to sit down, even during a late evening hour.  It's not a testament of a busy kitchen--there simply aren't any chairs or tables and you're forced to chow down outside on the curb.  Lack of dining room aside, the fresh, zesty ingredients are healthy and pair well with one another (pickled mango and salmon), but the absurd price (about 10 bucks for a salmon roll) doesn't warrant the casual effort of wrapping some rice and a bunch of topping into a single nori sheet.Cool, cool, could be better. It's all hype, really. The workers didn't really seem to care about what they were doing. They throw the toppings on, and it was very inconsistent throughout. Our sauce was plopped on and poured on one side.
I got a salmon roll with brown rice, spicy mayo, romaine, carrots, zucchini, and cucumbers. The protein to vegetable ratio was terribly off. I didn't know how to feel about their salmon; it lacked that firmness that raw salmon usually has, and it looked like it had been left out for a while. I also wasn't sure whether or not they had attempted to cook the salmon. Every bite had either too many veggies or too much sauce--also kind of overpriced for the overall quality.
It was worth a try, but definitely not going to come back for it again.I've been here a few times and even though I am giving three stars because the food tastes good, I am going to have to boycott because Hai Street is way too expensive.
I got the shrimp tempura and ordered to "go zilla" size because I remember feeling like the regular size didn't fill me up. They take out the same size rice wrap that everyone gets, and put two pieces of shrimp on it. I ask if that is really the amount they put on for a larger size, and I get a look, and one more piece of shrimp goes on. Nothing else is different about the size at all, just one extra piece of meat, for something like $1.50 extra.
I was pissed about it the entire walk back to my office. I paid $12.86 (including tax) for a burrito that is smaller than Chipotle, and I got attitude for asking them to actually give me the size I asked for. 
The thing is.......the burrito tasted really, really good. So what would be two stars gets bumped to three, because their ingredients are really fresh and delicious. But don't go there unless you feel like paying double for the amount of food you would normally get for that price.Creative and delicious food, reasonable prices and a perfect array of choices. A fun and quick lunch for being on the go. We had the tuna tataki and the crunch pre made options. Next time we might be bold enough to make our own, but it'll be hard to choose!I had high expectations of hai street having read reviews online.  It's a really cool concept, sort of the japanese spin on chipotle.  I had the shrimp tempura and chicken (go zilla).  Ingredients were fresh but i expected more i think.  there aren't too many options on the menu (you can probably check it out online) and i think ill opt for the bowl next time to mix it up.  
Pros:  healthy options, brown rice
Cons:  slightly overpriced, still hungry afterwardsWonderful experience. It's basically an Asian chipotle. Definitely a great idea for Asian food lovers. I got the tuna/kimchi roll with the chips and wasabi guac. Gotta try the chicken katsu next time.I visited the Hai Street food truck at 2016's first Night Market in Roxborough.  I tried the Slammin' Salmon sushi burrito which contains 
Tataki salmon, gochujang sauce, romaine, cucumber, pickled jicama, and red cabbage which was $11.  It came packaged in a cute hexagonal shaped box which was very convenient since I had to walk down busy Ridge Avenue with my food.  The burrito itself was a bit too large for me.  I ended up eating one half completely and then just picked out the salmon and rice in the second half.  I absolutely loved the gochujang sauce as it added a nice spicy kick.  I think I'll just stick to sushi rolls rather than sushi burritos since roll portion size is more manageable, but the flavors and salmon in the burrito were tasty!Not an incredibly extensive menu, but still a great experience! The concept is great and the burritos are yummy! I got the salmon and would totally recommend it. 
It's a fast food kinda place...so definitely don't expect your traditional sushi fine dining. 
Wish this place stayed open later though!Burrito was really fun, but they did not put a lot of tuna in at all. Definitely a cool experience. But the meal was sub par.Not my cup of tea. As a die hard asian food fanatic I was really excited when I heard about hai street kitchens.  The idea of a susho burrito sounded genius. So afterwork,  me and my sister decided to try, and it definitely was not what we expected.  We got the slamin salmon and the crunch. The salmon was fresh-yes, but the tangy sort-off, gochujang sauce was masking the salmon taste. On top of that,  the lettice and pickled sliced cucumber threw me off a little. I think the rice would have been better if it was flavored with vinegar.  All in all, I think it was way too much going on to be considered sushi. If I had to eat there again I probably will only get rice and salmon. Maybe im more of a traditional asian food than asian fusion.Amazing sushi burritos! Totally unique and super tasty. I wasn't sure how the quality of the sushi would be since it is a take out style place, but it was absolutely phenomenal. My friend and I ordered the slammin salmon, the sauce was spicy but insanely delicious. I recommend adding avocado to your burrito. 
It was a little pricey, I added avocado to mine and it was $12, but it's a lot of food and was well worth it. Service was fast and everyone was very nice!This place is TERRIBLE! Do yourself a favor and avoid at all costs.
Just kidding! One of those places you want to Yelp, but would rather not, because you want it all to yourself, but then you end up reviewing anyway out of obligation. I'm probably gonna delete this review after I post it. Just saying.
Lines can be long, but service is extremely fast with that sushi robot. Really fresh ingredients and amazing flavors. We shared the Slammin' Salmon, the Hai Street Chicken, and the Sumo Steak rolls, and each one was different and delish. Slammin' Salmon made my heart smile. Definitely my new go-to. Not the cheapest lunch option for its portion size, but a fresh one. #worthit
-----
UPDATE: Been back a few times, and although always satisfying, it can get a bit inconsistent with flavors since there's always a different person assembling your roll.Tried to go on their soft opening and the line was around the block. I am a sushi lover so sushi burrito was like....a thing for me. 
Finally had it for the first time today. Pick-up time was longer than I expected (30 mins) and I did have to wait in a line that almost went outside the doors along with every white business suit 20 something year old in center city but I must say, it was worth it. 
Great lunch portion. Raw salmon, veggies, and rice. I will certainly be back.**3.5 Stars**
My cousin recommended this place because it is infamous for the West Coast concept of a sushi + burrito.
Came here for lunch and there was not much of a crowd. Very clean inside. They have counter-top seating tables and small menus to take a closer look at. They offer recommended signature combinations as well as a DIY burrito/bowl. Since it was my first time, I decided to try a signature roll and ordered the Slammin' Salmon with brown rice; my BF ordered the Hai Satay.
My sushirrito was exactly like a spicy salmon hand roll but 10x bigger! It was good but honestly nothing exceedingly special. My BF's tasted exactly like the Thai chicken satay skewers but wrapped up in a sushi roll, again not bad but nothing special. At about the 3rd bite, our rolls were falling apart due to the flimsy nature of the seaweed so we ended up eating the rest of it by fork. The regular portion was just right for me (you can order bigger).
It was a good first-time experience and worth a try, but probably not something I would crave for the next time I come back to Philly.Hai Street Kitchen
Taste: 8.125/10
Price: 8/10
$10 for a Slammin' Salmon (norwegian seared salmon, pickled jicama, red cabbage, lettuce, tempura crunch, gojuchang sauce). I got double protein in this
This made me happy. I thought I'd give it a try because this is across the street from my office, and I was surprised. The RATIOS were on point they didnt do me dirty w the too much rice in sushi trap I know all too well. I never have a clue what goes into sushi or any of these things but I know salmon so I said sure why not LOL. It was tasty it had a really nice flavor. I added sriracha and every bite was some boom boom pow. Id pay $10 for more of these im satisfied with the portion size and their menu is decently big. My only complaint is that the thing was open ended so every bite i took kinda pushed it out of the other side so it was a little messy towards the end but its all goodThere are so many reasons to love this place. Their menu is full of options for people who love traditional sushi as well as the Philly cheesesteak lovers. I have one pet peeve with eating sushi and it's that the pieces are sometimes too large for my mouth and you can't quite cut sushi. Now there's the sushi burrito which allows you to take as big or small of a bite as you want. 
They have like 3 chairs to eat in the place. I wish they had a little more indoor seating. At least it's close to rittenhouse which allows for some great people watching.Once I heard that a sushi burrito existed, I had to get my hands on one. It's delicious, everything about it. The staff is very nice as well. I got the raw salmon with zucchini, cucumber, spring mix, carrots, and wasabi guacamole. Their guacamole is great and everything tasted very fresh. I wish I could have this every day!I would advise one not to go here. First of all, I walked in and the place felt like a sauna. I then checked the temperature and it said that it was 76 degrees in the restaurant. I instantly started sweating especially after waiting in line for such a long time. I had to press my body up against the counter to keep myself up because the heat in the place was overwhelming me. Also, Immediately after I ate my sushi burrito I started feeling nauseous, followed by a headache. The next two days I was constantly throwing up with severe stomach pain. Everyone I talked to said I must have been given bad sushi, which is the only reasonable explanation I can think of being that the sushi burrito was the last thing I consumed before my sickness started. I have had a good experience here once before months ago but needless to say I am scarred from this past one and will stay away from now on.Decided to finally try this place after walking by it several times. I ordered The Crunch, which is a shrimp tempura with brown rice and veggies.  I was very pleased with my choice. It was simple, delicious, and tasted fresh. I will definitely be back to try another meal of their menu.It's a cool concept, but that's doesn't mean eating a sushi burrito is the best experience. 
The sauce for the slammin salmon was good. Eating the burrito was difficult because the seaweed would tear and the whole thing would fall apart. 
Not ideal on the go food, but it was ok. 
It can be summed up with: cool idea, but I'd rather have sushi or a burrito. Not them together.Tried it out during my day trip to Philly to compare it to a similar sushi burrito vendor that I have tried in DC.  The flavor of this food is definitely meant to accommodate American taste buds.  If you are looking for an affordable, but filling lunch that you can take on the go with you around the city, then Hai Street Kitchen & Co is a good place that is worth checking out.  
The business model is very similar to the "Chipotle" or "Cava" concept with the customer holding the ability to choose whatever toppings (up to 4) he or she would like with their burrito.  One can also opt for a "salad" or a rice bowl.  
Everything tastes very fresh and the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable about their ingredients and helped me with my order.  I had the "create your own" roll with spicy tuna as my protein.Awesome! I've never heard of a sushi burrito before I was recommended to this place, but I'm super glad I now know what they are! The two ladies working when I arrived were extremely kind and helpful and got straight to recommending and making us two delicious burritos. They were extremely flavorful and delicious - and not too bad in price. 
I would definitely recommend this place.I set my expectations too high for this place because I loved the concept of a "chipotle" style fast casual for ordering sushi. You pick bowl or roll, a protein, and then vegetables. I am amazed by the machine that spits out sheets of sticky rice (if you have ever made sushi by hand, you will understand why this machine is so amazing). I am awed at the sight of my sushi being rolled into a giant burrito sized monstrosity. I am drooling at the thought of shoving the massive roll into my mouth.
Like any good fast casual during the rush of lunch, there is no seating available. But that's also because this place is smaller than a bedroom. We scurry outside to find the nearest bench across the street. The sushi burrito comes wrapped in parchment paper in a sturdy cardboard box. Everything looks so good so far.
My expectations are for "chipotle style fast casual with great flavors" but In reality, this place is more akin to a "subway with average flavors." The flavor is a little better than the sushi you might get from a common sushi restaurant or one of those pre-packaged boxes of sushi from a grocery store.
Therefore, if you are craving sushi and want a quick bite, go for it. But I would go elsewhere for sushi, and I would go elsewhere if I needed a quick bite.
Also, it's a mess to eat. Your typical burrito has a sturdy tortilla skin, but your sushi burrito has delicate frail seaweed that isn't closed on the ends, so things easily fall out. Also, wait too long and the dry seaweed is now soggy.Really enjoyed this adventure my daughter found this on a foodie site can't wait to share with my sushi loving friends would come again price is reasonable for a sandwich and drink in the city .  I had the shrimp tempura roll with Asian slaw beets brown rice avocado salsa and ginger miso dressing and the  iced sweet green tea was good also limited choices of drinks but all looked and sounded interesting and were made in site -- seating is very limited a few bar stools and 2 standing tables outside looks like it does a killer take out business can't wait to go againMy burrito was customized, I had the steak in it which was not cut right; the meat was so chewy... I couldn't even eat it properly without biting it all out. The amount of wasabi guacamole they put in there was a joke, especially when they charge $.99 extra for it. They also put the wasabi guacamole in my boyfriends burrito, which he didn't even asked for... And they still charged him $.99. The only good thing about this place is the fresh veggies they put in the burritos. This place is definitely not worth the hype, it's not even filling; I rather go to chipotle for more food and it's less expensive too. Overall two burritos at Hai's Kitchen costed us almost $24, ridiculous... I was so disappointed! If I was going to spend that much money, that better be the best sushi burrito I've ever had in my life, instead.. It left me feeling bitter, frustrated, and still hungry. I'm never coming back, they've lost my business.