The new Han Dynasty took over the spot where the old Mid-Atlantic restaurant (with the unchanging menu) was. I like the Han Dynasty here a lot more than the one in Olde City even if I give both 4*. Maybe I'm biased, because I love the service here. They've always been very nice, and came over to check in with me and just make some small conversation when they heard I had a peanut allergy (even though they had no peanuts in any of the dishes I ordered; I think it was Han's sister?). I've been to this Han Dynasty more times in a month than the number of times I've been to the other.
Note though, that the different branches have different specialties. I heard the dan dan mian in Olde City is the best, but the one in UC isn't so good (I wouldn't know since it has peanuts). Overall, I think it;s okay food wise, still not spicy enough as with the other branch. But I like the layout and atmosphere a lot more.
Next, if you go during lunch, you can ask for lunch portions, that are smaller than the dinner portions, and half the menu price! So it's a great lunch place too, alone, or in a group of 2 or 3.Awesome food, great place to split a bunch of delicious spicy, ultra flavorful dishes with a large group. It's the Chinese restaurant a lot of people know about for good reason - I haven't had a single bad dish here, and it's always a crowd-pleaser.I've had the fortune of eating my way across Asia Pacific, so I might be biased in saying I don't understand the rave reviews. I will say though that the conversation and company I was with more than made up for this!I waited a long time to finally try this place and I have to say I was let down a bit. I tried the mandatory Dan Dan noodles. They were very flavorful and not too spicy. Nothing mind blowing here just a really good lo mein or spicy pasta dish with virtually no protein more or less. Also had the scallion pancakes. I was just in Chinatown recently at a place I also reviewed (first person from Yelp to do so) and they were way better there. ( I highly recommend you try that place) These were more like quesadillas laying flat where as the other ones jumped off the plate and were so much more crispy and substantial. The last appetizer I had was the Wontons in Chilli oil. These were just not good to me at all and one bite was all I needed. Basically it is steamed Wontons in a bowl with the soup being the chilli oil. Just heavy heavy choking heat with very little substance or taste. Take those same homemade wontons and pan fry them with some chilli peppers and a nice light sauce and you have could a real winner but I digress. Finally we tried the Talapia Medallions . These were fried to perfection but there were some greens mixed in that I could not chew through and had to discard via the old napkin trick which to me is a bit of a deal/star breaker.
The service was very good and the atmosphere very nice but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. All I could think about was how much more I prefer Cantonese style where its all about flavors and you can add heat as you like it. I'm sure I could find better authentic Szechuan cuisine that better suits my taste just not here. It feels very commercialized and Americanized. I prefer the hole in the wall places where I am the only caucasian in the place a heck of a lot more.Ok. I am not the type to complain, but I have been here twice and both times I have had terrible service at the bar. The first bartender served me but acted as if I was bothering him.  This second time, with a completely different bartender mind you, it was worse. I am not dressed like a street person or anything, and I am not pan-handling. But you would think that I was the way he acted. First, I sit at the bar and I am waiting for service. So, the bartender walks by me, pours a glass a water, turns in front of me, puts the water down, gives me some stupid half-grin then walks off. Not one audible word of greeting or a grunt passed between his lips. Then, he gets a menu, drops that down and walks off again! Not a sound. Is it me, but when a customer enters an eating establishment, shouldn't they be greeted in some manner?  Not looked at like "why are you here. I have better things to do"?  I am not looking for a royal salute or anything. Just "Hey man, what can I get ya?"  or something to that affect.   Anyway, I start to look at the drink and food menus. Then, a group of anywhere from 10-15 people come in behind me and say, to what looked like a manager, "We don't want to eat, is it ok if we just have a few drinks at the bar?". The manager says "Sure." The guy then says, "Can we get few beers down here"? (paraphrasing). The bartender says "Sure!" and proceed to service this group, one-by-one, as they order drinks. Ok, fine technically, I was looking at the menu when this started. But still, he walked back and forth, right in front of me, for about 10-12 minutes. Not once did he say, "Hey, just shout and I will get you something", or "Hey man, just give me a few minutes and I will be right with you". Nothing!  It was obvious it was a big group, but I mean, he gave no acknowledgement to the fact that I was sitting there waiting! 
Long story short - after this 10-12 minutes of waiting, I just walked out and went somewhere else. Now this place has about 4\5 stars with around 500 reviews. So, I guess people like it. But their bartenders are as unfriendly as I have ever encountered.  Maybe if you get a table it's different.Amazing. Ham Dynasty is an interesting execution of really good Asian food. It's "family style" which means they bring each dish out as soon as it's ready and you're supposed to share. And when they say "as soon as it's ready" they mean within 5 minutes of your order. We were amazed at how fast the food came out, and our server was extremely nice and helpful. The menu also has helpful numbers to indicate how spicy each dish is going to be. 
We had a few different dishes for the table, and polished them all off, because we loved almost everything we ordered. 
This place is really a tremendous dining experience.The Han Dynasty was a great venue for our wedding rehearsal dinner! Their dishes are very authentic Chinese cooking and everything we had tasted great. The menu selection and service were excellent, and Megan helped us create a custom menu to mix authentic Chinese and kosher styles, while also incorporating plenty of items for vegetarian and other dietary restrictions. The restaurant comfortably seated 80+ people in their side area with constant, friendly service the whole night. In spite of some misunderstandings on menu totals and pricing, Megan was very patient and accommodating and helped us sort everything out. At the end of the night, our family and friends loved the food and everyone had a great time.
I highly recommend the Han Dynasty to anyone for great food, service, and events coordinating!Han dynasty is amazing as advertised. A bunch of my friends always brag about it and I had to go there. The dan dan noodles are amazing. They're so addictive that I've been craving them since I left the building. Definitely going to make it a regular place to go to on my listHan Dynasty is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  I first found the Manayunk location, and my wife and I ate there several times.  We heard about it from a friend who turned us on to the spicy cucumbers, which are just wonderful.
Eventually I tried the University City location, and it's much more "hip."  I really don't care about ambiance, but if you are seeking a more polished/trendy type of place, go to University City over Manayunk.  The food in both places is just incredible.
Han Dynasty serves food in very large, family sized portions.  It's most fun when you are with a bit of a group, so you can order a number of different things, and try them all.
On their "specials" menu, they have Spicy Aroma Fish which is just absolutely beyond this world.  SO good.  Another major hit was the dry pot style.  My wife and I are big seafood fans, so we get shrimp as the protein, but you have complete flexibility to pick whichever protein suits your taste.
They have numbers on the menu, 1-10, beside each dish.  This is the relative spiciness rating.  It's really hard to describe the type of heat in these Szechuan dishes... it isn't the kind of heat that just burns your mouth.  The heat is very strong, but it's all flavor.  
Dry pepper style is another type of preparation that we have tried and loved.
Several reviews mention the Dan Dan noodles... they are wonderful, but they are indeed rather oily.  It's just the nature of this cuisine.  I think the food is wonderfully prepared, one just has to know that chili oil and sesame oil will make the food a bit on the oily side.  
Absolute top notch rating for this place.  Love it!Couple of notable impressions:
- The first thing that got me was the decor of the place. Chopsticks were made out of red plastic, and the napkin was just paper, not cloth. Water came out in glass cups. The impression was overall a little cheap, which surprised me. On the other hand, the servers did keep water refilled well and tea was presented immediately.
- A lot of the reviews remark that the dishes are very spicy. I was surprised to discover it was pretty tame. The Dan Dan noodles come in at a 6 and it was imperceptible. We got another dish coming in at an 8 which also was hard to notice. Not sure what the explanation might be since I don't consider myself to be especially tolerant, but perhaps I'm more so than I think?
- Service was very fast. I think our food came out within ten minutes. Certainly the Dan Dan noodles were instantaneous.
- Finally, the food itself is delicious. The Dan Dan noodles especially. I also had some kind of dumplings and an entree, I unfortunately can't remember the names, but both were enjoyable as well.
- The bill was a bit pricey. I think they give a lot of food for two, so it's may be justified, just unwanted for two relatively small people. Fortunately, they make taking it home easy if that's something you'd like.
EDIT:
- After visiting a second time with a large group, I discovered they have a very nice seating area for groups (to the right and somewhat below ground). We got a circular table which I really liked for discussion. Definitely would have appreciated a turntable, but no big deal.
- A tip from our server: the spice tends to be the kind that creeps up rather than is entirely overt. Besides water, consuming tea and rice helps to reduce the effect of the spice.The best Szechuan food I have had in center city~
Their food is spicy, yet amazingly flavorful and the ambiance is sure to encourage a fun conversation with those you share your meal with (you'll definitely need a glass of water the first time you visit to handle the sexy heat). For what is expected of Chinese food, it is on the pricier side, but all well worth it.  My favorite recommendations include Dan Dan noodles, Dry Pepper Chicken/Shrimp, and Cumin Lamb.  The service can be slow during busier days such as Friday/Saturday/Sunday, but the waiters/waitresses are very friendly making the wait forgivable.I love this place. Love the Dan Dan noodles, the scallion pancake, the three cup chicken, and all the dumplings. It's delicious, the service is good, and the food is not as agonisingly spicy as some reviews say. It reminds me of all the old Szechuan places on Spadina in Toronto, except marginally better and more upscale. Good, interesting cocktails too.Still without a sign, this Han location might be a bit difficult to find.  We managed to spot it and doubled back.  Unfortunately, the kitchen had just closed.  Luckily, they were willing to prepare us something to go.  We kept it simple on them and ordered the dan dan noodles.  
Don't take the 3-star review the wrong way, the food was great.  However, it seemed no where near as good as the Manayunk location, which I also tried shortly after it first opened.  Considering it was to-go and knowing Han doesn't put out 3-star food, I'll be back (when the kitchen is open) to give them another shot at boosting the score.We would frequent the 37th and Market Street location in Philadelphia.  We  their food!  During our last visit, I felt compelled to report to a Manager some less than hygienic habits of the chef (visible to the patrons).  Upon scheduling to visit not long after, I noticed they earned an F rating.  We were all so disappointed because we loved this place but refuse to eat in any Philadelphia eatery that rates less than a B
I pray they cleaned up their act because that pickled flounder soup is calling my name!Definitely recommend the Three Cup Chicken, Cumin Lamb, and Dan Dan Noodles.
Good to eat in or take-out (but unlimited rice if you eat in!).Great place to go for large gatherings/groups! Family-style eating is best here and even though the taste isn't as authentic as Chili Szechuan on 42nd and Chestnut, that doesn't mean this place isn't wonderful. This place is great for those who love spicy food. I love the Dan dan noodles here! So addicting and the dry pot chicken is awesome. Another recommendation is cumin style chicken, bokchoy with black mushrooms, and scallion style (not spicy)!I love this place.  Love the Dan Dan noodles, dried pepper shrimp, and wontons.   Service is great.  If you want a great dining experience with excellent food, you must try this place.All my co-workers loved this place....since my company was next to the place...all I smell was food from Han Dynasty around lunch hour. I finally took the chance to tried it with my co-worker and i was some what disappointed. I didn't go for any of the spicy stuff but I really did not enjoy it. We ate outside which is probably not the best idea since there were non-stop cars driving by but the food was not as good as i expected to be. Perhaps, I should try the spicy dished next time when I find the courage to go again!!!Staying at the Sheraton at University City, and was looking for a place that was easy to walk and fairly close.  Tried Han Dynasty last night partly because it was recommended by the hotel as well as a couple that was in the elevator.
Interesting that there were three noodle shops with 2 or 3 city blocks.  I really enjoyed the appetizers (dumplings in chili oil) and the entree (garlic chicken).  I know, I know, I was looking for noodles and ended up without.  I think this was mostly because as I was looking at the menu, plates kept going by me, steaming of fresh, Chinese wok flavors. I couldn't resist but to try a little of this and a little of that.
Meal was hot, fresh, flavorful and an excellent recommendation.
On a down side, as I have noticed on this trip, the customer service, servers, waiters don't seem too excited to be working.  They seem tired, uninterested and could care less of your/my experience.  Maybe this is normal in Philly?Excellent spicy Szechuan food.  I have enjoyed everything I've had here.  Service can be a little slow for lunchtime, but the food makes up for it.  If you don't want MSG in your food (I don't), make sure to ask for no-MSG.  I consider MSG to be cheating and I expected better from them.  I honestly think the food tastes just as good without it.I've been a few times, usually with colleagues from the Science Center in the same building. I know this place has fans, but I just don't get it. It just seems like fairly average, overpriced Americanized Chinese food that is perhaps a bit spicier than usual. The have a nice bar if you want to hang out with friends.A friend and I were visiting PA for the first time this Memorial Day weekend.  We were in pursuit of a good place to eat.  We passed Han Dynasty and like the ambience. We decided to give it a try. We sat at the bar area. The two gentlemen working the bar were extremely helpful and welcoming. They explained the menu to us. Everything is cooked fresh.  We love spicy food. The hotter the better; the food was so amazingly flavorful I would drive back from Washington, DC just to eat here again. I had the Cumin Pork spiced to level 10 my friend had chicken fried rice. We like very hot food most places even in DC cannot get the balance of heat and flavor right even when dishes are request extra spicy. Han Dynasty did!! The customer service and the food are worth giving this place a try if you like spicy food.  It would be a great business move for them if they opened one in the District of Columbia. Well done guys!!This review has more to do with the experience rather than with the food. I am writing this review even before I head to the restaurant for dinner tonight and believe me when I say this, that I would never end up eating here if the majority of the birthday girl's party did not insist on eating at Han Dynasty just because she likes the food. 
It takes 2 phone calls and talking to 3 people to get a reservation at this restaurant, that itself is a turn off. The first lady I speak to is flat out rude when I call asking to make a dinner reservation for tonight "We're all booked for tonight and not giving out any reservations" she says before hanging up on me. I call back and a second lady answers and I say I need a reservation for 15 people at 9:30 and she asks for how long? WTF??? "For however long it takes 15 adults to get done with dinner that's how long" She responds saying they close at 10PM and the lady has no clue what day it is and they are open later on Friday's and finally agrees to give me a reservation. 
It is absolutely appalling when people working in the hospitality industry are rude. If you can't be courteous to your guests consider a different profession. I understand you are in the university city area and have to, more often that you like, deal with students but that by no means is an excuse for ill-treating your guests. 
If you expect a 20% tip from anyone they expect to be given a good experience right from the time they call you to make a reservation.I must eat this once a week. It's amazing.  This location is the best by far and we have tried 4 of them now. We have a standing order of garlic chicken, hot sauce beef, and cabbage. Everything balances so well. I don't know how I lived before thisI went to Han Dynasty earlier this week and ordered some noodles and a fish dish. We'd never been there before and when the fish dish came, we took a few bites before realizing it was pieces of pork belly. It was hard to tell at first due to the heavy colored sauce/ vegetables. When we told the server that neither of us ate pork for religious reasons, the server replaced the dish. However, by then we had lost our appetite. When it came time to pay the bill, I was surprised that there was no discount for the mistake they had made. I like the food overall, but the customer service is far from ideal.great Chinese food. They have some of the better dishes and options in the Philly area. 
Really good for vegetarians as well because almost all dishes come with tofu/veggie replacements.I love this place!  At first, I was a little worried because I'm not a fan of spicy food and I was told that Sichuan cuisine differs a little from the Chinese cuisine most people might be accustomed to but I loved it.  We had a waiter who was Chinese who gave us a lot of good information and was able to alter some dishes for us so for those who do not like their dishes too spicy or can't handle a lot of heat, do not worry, because it seems as though they can alter the spiciness to most of their dishes.  We were told which dishes that they were known for and which dishes are "traditional" so we tried the Dan Dan Noodles with less spice and it was delicious!  We were also recommended the Double Cooked Pork Belly, which is something I don't usually like because it's kind of fatty, but it turned out to be great as well.  They also have a cool little happy hour with some cheaper drinks so it's cool to get there a little before dinner, like we did and enjoy some cheaper drinks before dinner.  I wish they had some light beer available since I'm a girl and I'd like to have some lower calorie/lighter options for beer, but it's okay since they have a good wine selection too so I just chose to go with wine.  The food is relatively affordable, it's not Chinatown cheap, but it's not expensive either.  Overall, it was a very delicious meal in a fun, comfortable environment.  Will definitely go back.We were here in Philly for the night and decided to go here on a whim.
So glad we did!!!  The food was delicious.  The dining area was really quite loud. But the food was quite wonderful.  We ordered chicken lo mein and the beef garlic stir fry.  My husband and I liked the lo mein better, but both were delicious.
We are sure you'll like this as much as we did![English review below]
Die chinesische Küche ist nicht auf Platz 1 meiner Heißhunger-Favoriten, aber hin und wieder lasse ich mich dann doch dazu hinreißen.
Das Restaurant ist groß, und auffällig war direkt, dass die Kellner alle gegen meine Erwartungen fast ausschließlich nicht-chinesisch-stämmig sind, was dem ganzen einen Hauch Multi-Kulti verleiht, obwohl es sich um ein chinesisches Restaurant handelt. Die chinesischen Mitarbeiter bereiten das Essen in der Küche zu, was zum Authentizitätswert des Essens definitiv beiträgt.
Die Bedienung war sehr flott und zuvorkommend und konnte sich alle Einzelheiten unserer Bestellung ohne Notizzettel merken (Respekt!). Das Essen war gut.
Guter Laden; kann man nicht viel falsch machen.
Chinese food usually is not on top of my cravings-list, but every now and then it's fine.
The restaurant is quite big. One thing that jumped out to me is that the waiting staff was almost exclusively non-Chinese, at least as far I could see. This makes the restaurant seem very multicultural despite of the Chinese setting and nature of the restaurant. I was told that the Chinese staff is responsible for making the food which makes the food experience seem very authentic.
The waiters were very quick and could memorize all details of our order without writing them down (respect!). The food was good.
All in all a solid choice; you can't go wrong with it.The food is amazing and the prices are reasonable with a good happy hour! The Dan Dan noodles are especially good.Not letting us split the check and also only one bowl rice each table and if we want extra need to play for it and bad serviceReally good food, great seasoning, great quality. Terrific vegetarian options as well. And, a really cool ambience. Definitely a place to check out!I absolutely love this place. Get lots of white rice and be prepared to go on a journey of amazingly spicy food, as well as the payment your body is going to make the next day. Can't wait for them to open one in NYC: I'm going to take all my visiting friends.Han Dynasty is a great addition to University City and West Philly! The food is so good and spicy! This location is better than Old City because you can always get a table, even if you walk in. I have been with large groups (10+ people) and also with small groups, and I have always received great customer service. My favorite dishes are the Dan Dan Noodle, Cumin Style Lamb, Home Style Tofu, and the String Beans w/ Minced Pork.I keep coming back here, and it keeps being impeccable. I'll admit, I was a skeptic, mostly because of that fact that Han Dynasty has become a chain throughout Philly, and deserved or not, operations which open up multiple locations can have a reputation for slacking on standards. If they have at Han Dynasty's University City locations, I think my mind might explode.
The interior is really pleasant, and has a very hip vibe. It's a great place to drop in for lunch, and I've never had to wait long for a table. I would go on about the menu, but I've yet to see anything which I would tell people to avoid. You'll notice at the table that there isn't any sauces or salt and pepper, and that's because everything I've gotten has been properly seasoned before it has arrived. The place is great for groups, as the dishes have been designed for sharing. Do it, do it, do it!I've been hearing about Han Dynasty since before I moved to Philly, people seem to really love this place. It's a bit of a chain restaurant, albeit a small chain, but there are enough locations for me to question how great the food could be across the board. 
The University City location is a few steps away from my office, so I finally decided to try it today for lunch. They offer a decent selection of entrees as part of a lunch special, which prices options between $8.50 - $10.  I was told the lunch special portion size is smaller than you'd get if you purchased a regular entree, but there was more than enough food for me.  I'm still very full 2 hours later. 
I had lunch alone today, so I sat at the bar and they offered complementary water and tea. I also took a look at their draft menu, which had a nice selection of craft brews.  They also offer a decent amount of bottled beer, cocktails, wine, etc. They definitely don't skimp in the bar offerings.
For lunch I had the Garlic Sauce Chicken, which came with rice on the side.  It came out really quickly, definitely less than 10 minutes after ordering.  This surprised me, and not necessarily in a good way, I immediately questioned how good it could be if it was cooked and brought out so quickly. However, my fears immediately went away with the first bite. The food was hot and delicious. I don't think Han Dynasty is trying to offer truly authentic Chinese food, this seemed like an American Chinese dish. That didn't matter though, the food was great and 100% better than any of the surrounding University City Chinese food restaurants and trucks that I've eaten at.  Han Dynasty might be a few dollars more for lunch, but the taste and quantity makes it worthwhile. 
I'll definitely be back with a group to try out their dinner service.Initially, I doubted how good this place would be. It seemed to cater to more American tastes, and as an ABC, I thought it wouldn't be as great as everyone said. However, I was happily proved wrong! I got Dan Dan noodles and pork hot sauce style to share with my friend. It was definitely enough for both of us. The noodles were very delicious with the pork and sauce all mixed in. The pork hot sauce style was just as good, especially with the complimentary rice (by the way, you can ask for more rice if you run out, and it won't cost you more). It was nice and spicy, but you could also adjust the spice, so there's something for everyone. I would give the noodles a 4.5/5 and the pork a 4/5 (it was a little too oily, but that's just my personal taste). 
In addition, they give you tea free of charge! I had always thought that was expected in Chinese restaurants, especially based on my experiences, but it seems that in some Chinese restaurants on the east coast, they charge for tea. So I was very happy to see that I had nice, light tea to complement my food. I left feeling extremely full. Lastly, the atmosphere is really nice, fit for a casual lunch or dinner or a nicer one.The best of the Han Dynasty locations as far a I am concerned, though of course it trends towards insufferable during peak hours when Penn is in full swing. 
Once you know the lay of the land I recommend skipping the great but way overhyped dan dan noodles and getting into the weeds of the menu a bit, it will totally change the character of your meal. 
The house made ginger ale is a hidden gem.Had lunch here today. I live just a few blocks away, but had never come in. I thought from the look of the outside that it was going to be a PF Changs kind of deal, which is a big NOPE for me. If that's your bag, cool, but I prefer more authentic when I can get it. However, at the voice of a friend, I decided to give it a try. 
I got the pork belly double-cooked style, and the taiwanese sausage. The sausage is pretty much exactly what you'd expect, the sweet sausage that you find at Asian groceries, but paired with freshly sliced garlic which took it to another level.
The pork belly was a little drier than I expected. It didn't have exactly the melt in my mouth texture that I tend to associate with pork belly. The sauce, though a little oily, was flavorful and complex. They rated the spice at a four, but honestly I found it pretty mild. I would've put it more at a one or a two.
Despite those few minor nitpicks, this is definitely a place I intend to bring my husband back to to try more things. Maybe next time I'll try the rabbit.I wouldn't want to live in a world without Han Dyansty's dry pot tofu. Everything here is amazing. Scallion pancakes, veg Dan Dan noodles, cumin tofu. But the dry pot tofu is the best food in the whole world.I love Han. (Handy Nasty as I call it.)
I can't say too much more than others have said, but this location is the better of the two I've visited. 
Must: Dan Dan noodles & cucumbers. 
I love: The garlic style with pork or chicken, but I make it a level 7. I've had several other dishes, all adjusted to level 6 or 7 and I really haven't been disappointed ever. (Specifically, I have had the scallion style, hot sauce style, and crispy rice. But seriously, if you can't deal with hot food, this is not the place for you.)
The only thing I've had that I am not a fan of the cumin dish - my boyfriend LOVES it, but it's really dry and powdery to me. 
On the specials menu, the curry is seriously some of the best food I've ever had. It's not szechuan, though, so try that on your later visits if you really want the specialties. 
One day I will work up the courage for the level 10 dishes.Hands down my favorite restaurant in university city. If you've never been to Han you have to try the Dan Dan noodles when you get there. It's out of this world. Sometimes I just get two Dan Dans and a beer or two for lunch. The place is decently spaced out, there's a bar where you can sit at. They have a good selection of brews. 
The food is pretty good too. The menu has spicy ratings next to each item but You can pick the level of spiciness on a scale of one to ten. The service gets slow if when it's busy, mostly kids from Penn and Drexel working there. I would definitely recommend anyone and everyone to try Han dynasty at least once if not many more times.I love you, Han Dynasty. 
I love your spicy crunch cucumbers. 
I love your dan dan noodles. 
I love your hot tea. 
I love your dry pots. 
I love your garlic eggplant. 
I love that you have several locations.
I love that the your dishes are consistently fantastic at each one. 
I have loved you from your days in the tiny, two story, beaten up, always busy location in old city until today and will never stop loving you. 
Forever in love,
ChristinaOn a better day I think Han Dynasty probably is worthy of a 5 star review, but I think we went on an off day. All of our dishes were extremely salty or over seasoned. Not so overpowering that we couldn't eat it, but just enough that each small bite had to be chased down by a huge mouthful of rice. 
Service was good. It was busy but we were seated immediately. The only gap was about 15 minutes between appetizers and main courses. 
The Dan Dan noodles was not the sesame paste type that I am used to, but a more beefy noodle and spicy type. It had great flavor.
Both the dry fry pork and the water spinach were tasty but too salty. When were took our leftovers home, by the next day the vegetables had absorbed the rest of the base and was too salty to eat. Had to throw it out.
Great potential. Would give this place another shot.Good Asian food in a nice and lively neighborhood. We ordered shrimp lo-mein and chicken in hot sauce(it was hot) so if u don't  like spicy food then please do not order this :) dinner portion is quite big two people can easily share if you have small appetite. One thing I noticed was that sea food items like fish and specially shrimp dishes are priced little too much compare with other proteins. But the place is a keeper and I will go back.I love Han Dynasty. I've been to this location a bunch of times, and each time I am so happy! There is always at least two good beers on draught, and the food is consistently amazing. I went on a very, very cold winter's night, a Sunday, with my husband. We  got there around 6:45pm and got seats at the bar right away, despite the crowd. It was hopping! Not sure why, to be honest, but no problem for us. 
We had two good beers that were on draught, and ordered our favorites, Spicy Cucumber and Dan Dan Noodles. They were perfect, as always. We ordered extra spice - level 8 on both, which is good if you like REALLY SPICY food. Heck I think we could get more next time. 
Will I go back? YES FOR SURE.I have only lived here for about a year, but Han dynasty is my favorite restaurant in Philly. They have a 1-10 spice scale and in some dishes a 10 is actually very hot. Just how i like it. The food is also delicious in general. My favorites are the dan dan noodles (a must), the kung pao chicken (nothing like what you get at your avg Chinese restaurant) and the spicy cucumbers. I think I've tried just about everything on the menu and it's all great. Portions are huge. Two people with big appetites can leave stuffed, and with leftovers for less than $40. 
Also all of the servers I've had have been very nice and without mistakes despite how busy the place gets.Had a quick dinner with a friend and it was awesome in & out in 40 minutes...we are able to have our food, eat it, and get it packed up and out the door a sap without any issue with the food taste...it was amazing well-prepared well l-season...awesomeness. I had the pepper chicken amazing, amazing, amazing...next time I come to Philly I definitely would stop here!!
*Forgot about this, I had to deduct a star for food delivery. It was not timed so that we (2 people) had our food at the same time...basic waiter rules!There are some restaurants where I just want 1 dish and I can never get enough of it.
This is one of them.
so my actual review is going to just be three  words
Dan Dan NoodlesVisited with a group of 18 for the tasting menu.  Soooo much food!!!  Service was great, food was awesome.  I will definitely do that and visit again!  Many thanks to Megan for arranging everything in such short notice.~~~ Updated ~~~ 
Han Dynasty serves semi-authentic Sichuan cuisine. Sichuan cuisine is known for its spicy and numbing flavours, courtesy of the hot peppers and Sichuan peppercorns. Han Dynasty's food is only semi-authentic, because while the food does have those classic Sichuan flavours, they also goo & sugar it up with excessive sugar and starch.
See the grade report for a handy guide to Han Dynasty's dishes: 
A-range dishes are recommended
B+ dishes are solid and are worth a shot, though not outstanding.
~~~ FOOD ~~~ 
A+ (EXCELLENT = 5 stars)
Sesame noodles (deep delicious sesame flavours!)
A (4 stars)
Dry pot fish (tender pieces of fish in a spicy chili oil & hot pepper-based sauce)
Szechuan french fries (yummy crispy potato matchsticks fried with hot peppers)
A-
Cumin style beef
Pea leaves with garlic
B+ (3 stars)
Spicy Cucumbers in Chili Oil
Scallion pancake
Cumin style lamb/tofu
Dry pot style beef
Scallion style shrimp
Cabbage with dry peppers
Bok Choy w/ Black mushrooms
Spicy and Sour Shredded Potatoes
B
Dan dan noodles
Mung bean noodle
Cumin style chicken
Double cooked style pork belly
Scallion style lamb
Hot sauce style scallops
Eggplant with garlic sauce
B- (2 stars)
Wontons (pork) in chili oil 
Hot sauce style tofu
Vegetarian ma po tofu (without pork)
C
Spicy hot pot (bland hodgepodge swimming in chili oil)
Garlic sauce style tofu/shrimp
Three Cup Chicken
Fried noodles / lo mein
D
Curry chicken
F (AVOID)
Fried veggie dumplings
~~~ DRINKS ~~~ 
Drinks are good. Nice varied beer selection. Some mixed drinks are better than others; I've enjoyed the Peach Cobbler Sazerac.
~~~ SERVICE ~~~ 
Service in the restaurant is generally helpful, although it's rather uneven and sometimes bizarre.  Recently, I was in a group planning to order the most expensive level of tasting menu available. The waiter recommended the $25 level (the second lowest level), disregarded all attempts to order the more expensive tasting menu, and basically insisted that the $25 level would be fine for us.  Then, they ended up bringing out some pretty bad, unappetizing food (i.e., C-range and below).Went here for my birthday this past weekend. We had a group of 16 and did the tasting menu at the $25 level. Lots of food and everything was delicious, I think we were all a bit delirious afterward. They packed up all of our leftovers so I have several days worth of chinese food in my fridge now. They were very attentive and made special accommodations because I have a shellfish allergy.
One thing to note that they didn't tell us when we were making reservations: they can only handle 2 cards for a check, so bring cash unless you want to run to 7-11My friend and I had lunch here to celebrate the beginning of our school semester. We ordered the crispy cucumbers and a serving of dan dan mien each. Dan dan mien could probably serve two, but we were too greedy and wanted a bowl each. Noodles were neither too firm nor too mushy. There was a good mix of creamy from the peanut butter and the spicy. The cucumbers were cool and spicy, very refreshing when eaten with the dan dan mien. Decent service. The noodles were served within 5 minutes of ordering too, great for hungry people!When a friend suggested we try Han Dynasty, I wasn't sure what to expect. I'd heard it was a "nicer" Chinese food restaurant, almost like P.F. Changs, but I didnt quite get it until I walked in. I was a little disappointed with the service at first because the hostess did not acknowledge of bother to greet us for a good 5 minutes. The decor of the place was trendy and unique with lots of red. Definitely a step up from P.F. Changs if you ask me, and better lit. I let my friend order for us because he'd dined there before, and we ended up getting the dan dan noodles with pork and the chicken dry pot. We asked for extra spicy sauce on the noodles and the waiter was more than happy to oblige - they definitely had a kick, but nothing we couldn't manage. Overall a solid meal with plenty of food for a very reasonable price!Having tried the new NYC branch of Han Dynasty, I was super excited to try one in its hometown while visiting Philadelphia.
Food definitely didn't disappoint! Really rich, strong flavors which are potentially not quite authentic Sichuan, but a slightly modernized version that has something addictive in it. The menu here is also much wider than the menu in the NYC branch.
I really recommend the spicy crispy cucumbers to start and the dry pepper fish, although to be honest I haven't gotten a dish here that I haven't liked.
If you're not a huge fan of spicy food, you probably won't like Han Dynasty; their 'spice scale' is also not very accurate at all, as there are some level 10 dishes that are barely spicy.I heard a lot about the new location on Penn's campus but didn't get a chance to go until today. I was hesitant about the family style at first, but am pleasantly surprised with the portion-size. Our waiter, Anthony, is extremely helpful and knowledgeable and provided with very good service. 
I agree with the reviews that say to order one less dish than the party size. I went with a party of 7 around 7:00, and we haven't eaten anything all day. We order 7 dishes and were stuffed by the end and even had leftovers. 
I was expecting a relatively large bill but the final cost is less than what we estimated per person. 
Not everyone in my party eats spicy food, so we got mild (around 2 or 3 stars) for most dishes, and everyone seems to be okay with that level. Rice is included with the entrees and there are free refills which is helpful in helping wash the spiciness down. Our table really enjoy the Beef & Tripe in Chili Oil even though we kept it at 10 stars. I would definitely go back again and I could say that my experience would be even better now that I know what to expect from it!Have been many times for lunch, and I'm always happy.  The latest visit, however, was for a banquet at the end of a conference (on Koreans in China), and the crowd I was with had an absolutely fabulous time.  The staff covered the lazy Susan on our table for 12 with dishes; we ate until stuffed--and then the waiter took off what was left (and packed it up for take-home) and announced that we had finished the APPETIZERS and they would shortly bring the main dishes!  So they covered the lazy Susan again, and we ate until stuffed again, and we all divided up leftovers to take home.  It was a stupendous evening.  Everything was delicious, but particularly memorable dishes included lobster stuffed with crab, tripe, lamb with black bean sauce, pork belly hot pot, dan dan noodles, cold noodles and more.Probably the place to go for Chinese food in University City.  Great selection of Taiwanese and Sichuan dishes, including 3 cup chicken, beef and tripe w/ chili oil, and flash fried items.  1/2 star off for the really variable portion sizes given the relatively similar prices that will usually leaves me hesitant to try new items.  1/2 star off also for the unimpressive level of spiciness of the 10's on the menu.  It would be amazing if they made it more spicy. 
Basically, my recommendation for a nice evening meal without going down to Center City.  Great service (shoutout to Patrick), moderate prices, and great flavors even if its not my preferred level of spiciness.My favorite place to eat. Go there at least once a week and the staff is always so nice and helpful. The dry pot style beef is by far the best thing ever. Would highly recommend to anyone in the area. I found that the Old City food is just as good but the service isn't.Worst Chinese/Asian food ever. Ordered appetizers and entrees together and entrees were on the table within 3 minutes after ordering but no sign of appetizers. Well I can live with that if the quality of food is good. We ordered two fried tofu dishes and believe it that tofu was definitely refried from a pre-fried tofu as it was filled with oil which explains why they were out in 3 minutes. Any of the vegetables in any of the dishes including lo-mein weren't fresh. There was no flavor to any of the dishes, no spices, not even salted properly. The only thing we could taste was oil, oil and oil. One of the person from our party did get sick right after we left the restaurant.
Try at your own risk.I've been exploring han's dynasty and here are my preliminary rankings (1 is best)
1. Exton
2. Old City
3. Manayunk
4. University City
Coming in at the bottom of the list, this location has a hip ambiance with a nice bar that saves it from 1 star. The dry pot was swimming in soup (more like a wet pot) and other dishes had execution issues as well.Great local chain that's not scared of making things spicy. The Dan Dan noodles seem to be the must order dish. They get tossed by the staff table side as it's rumored the owner doesn't trust customers to do it properly. Hilarious and he's probably accurate if true. The noodles are more than fine but I enjoyed the Pork Belly w/ Sweet Garlic Chili Oil Sauce was sublime. Served cold, spicy, sweet, fatty, porky goodness. Place was very busy which is always a good sign. Service was efficient and lunch was served at blazing speeds. Decor looked like a scaled back version of PF Changs, more sterile than most Chinese restaurants.I LOVE Han Dynasty! The food here is amazing and the service is pretty good. I've been to the Ucity and Old City in Philly and like the Ucity one much better. My only bummer about this past visit was I felt their portions were very different from the past. I felt like I got half the food I usually do for the same price.The spice level is just right, numbing with heat, the Szechuan classics are correct, the West Philly location is lively with a full bar, and great prices. So why only 3 stars? Because each time I eat here, the happy post-meal glow is followed by the symptoms of MSG overdose. Headache, dry mouth, drowsiness, etc. Please, Han Dynasty, stop using or at least cut down on the MSG so I can love you without regrets!!!This place is SERIOUSLY amazing! I literally over eat every time Im here, in a good way :) Their dan dan noodles, onion pancakes, curry tofu dish, and vegetable dumplings are amazing. The spice level is incredible and the authenticity of this food is beyond anything. Also another major plus is their HUGE strong alcoholic fish bowls, totally necessary to buy this if you visit!Well the food was good...and then a mouse scurried by our table. Better on the floor than in the food but oddly enough we were still presented with a bill. Come on Han Dynasty!The food is Szechuan at its best. The food is HOT!  I highly recommend the Dan-Dan noodles at the spice level they give. 
The decor provides are a modern industrial ambiences that is more suited for a Modern American restaurant instead of an authentic Szechuan restaurant.  
My only negative about this place is that its really pricy eating alone.I didn't know upscale Chinese places existed until I went to Han Dynasty. Portions are HUGE, so come prepared to share and take home leftovers. Or come during lunch and get a bunch of the smaller plates to share with a group. There's a rotating centerpiece on every table which makes passing dishes super easy so everyone can have a taste.Went here for lunch - was told that the lunch portions were 60% the size of the normal entrees and 60% of the price.  Well, these portions were SCANT - not even appetizer sized.  We got 6 shrimps!  That's almost $2 per shrimp!  Now, I've been to the Han Dynasty in Old City and what we got was probably 30% the size of their entrees.  Price-wise, both Sang Kee and Peking are closer to me and more affordable for lunch so probably I will not venture here anytime soon.  I feel like for 2 people to get full, you need either 4 lunch portions or 2 dinner entrees.
Also, we did not get the second entree until we had mostly finished the first one - thank goodness we were sharing!
That and the whole atmosphere is weird.  I understand not changing the Midatlantic decor much for cost reasons, but playing ambient electronic pop?  I'd expect that maybe for a frozen yogurt shop or some new age vegetarian restaurant, but not a Szechuan restaurant, and certainly not Han's restaurant!
The only reason this did not get a lower rating is because the food was still tasty - what little of it there was.Han Dynasty is a different experience than your typical Chinese food restaurant. Most of their dishes have a 1-10 rating in hotness. They also have a selection of meat/, fish or veggie, but depending on the dish, the selection can be just one, or about five different options. It reminded me of a Mongolian grill, but your sitting down, not watching, there are more options, and it's not Mongolian.
The prices are a little high, considering how inexpensive good Chinese food can be. And, for someone not familiar, it's not so easy to know what many of these dishes taste like.
I ordered the 3 chicken. It was good, though the chicken was about as soft as chicken can be, almost doughy. And, it was not breaded! Weird, I know. Anyway, it tasted good, but lacked any veggies. A friend pointed out that since the set-up is family style, that it might work better if mixed with a veggie dish.
The hottest dish anyone got was a 5, and I am told that was pretty spicy. I can only imagine what a 10 is like. And no, I did not try the 5 dish. I'm just not balling like that.
We had dumplings and scallion pancakes as apps. They were both good.
In a nutshell, pretty cool place, but not worth it, and not nearly as special as they want it to be.Women waitresses, need to seriously be replaced. I am not sexist, I just don't know their names, so I have to resort to generalizations. But after going through this ordeal, I probably should be.
Before I go on my rant, I'd just like to credit waiters like Kevin and the manager ( bald guy) who were phenomenal because they actually do their jobs and build personal relationships with new customers even when they aren't my servers, and therefore have no incentive for doing so. That is not just customer service, it shows great personal character as well. Because I could do nothing for them as far as tips, but they were still helpful anyway.
However, I seldom get Kevin and I ALWAYS get the increasingly incompetent women waitresses who don't do their jobs correctly and that is what destroyed the whole Han Dynasty experience for me. 
Every time I come in, the place is not that busy at all, so there shouldn't be any excuses for any customer mistreatment. For example I was there the other day, one of only three people in the dining room during lunch, my water was never filled, and I had to get up out of my seat to ask someone else for extra rice because she never came back to see how I was doing. I even had to get back up to ask her ( the white, slinky waitress ) to bring my check. When she gave me my check she didn't come back for 20 minutes. She wasn't even busy, she was counting her tips about 5 tables away from me. Kevin saw this neglect and processed my payment for me. I wanted to tip Kevin. I should have put zero dollars on the tip but I felt guilty.
I actually just started coming here, and I have been buying food for the past couple weeks, both takeout and eat-in. No more. 
The dishes aren't difficult to make; pork belly appetizer, and dry pepper fish can be made at home. I will be going to China Town today to buy my ingredients instead of dealing with the crappy hospitality that the waitresses provide.
Overall, the experience is ZERO Stars.
Food, however, is phenomenal. But when eating in, hospitality prevails over food. And I am not paying for OVERPRICED food from a restaurant that is void of customer service skills, unless of course, you get a male waiter, which is rare.So after many dinners at Han Dynasty, I've determined that the best way to experience this restaurant is the tasting menu option. Offered to groups of 8 or larger, this fixed-price-per-person option brings out a plethora of dishes that can be highly customized to the needs/wants of the group (vegetarians, food allergies, spice preferences, etc).  Rather than deliberating between an order of noodles and entree, you can have both (and probably 6-8 other dishes besides). And don't be wary about the sharing component as the portions are large. The wait staff even kindly packaged up the portions left on the lazy Susan before the next round began. As always, they give a quick and obviously rehearsed description of the dish (cheesy but appreciated nonetheless) when they bring it to your table.
Some must haves for the tasting menu-Spicy cucumbers, cold sesame noodles, and hot sauce style *insert protein of choice here*.
Since its a popular venue, it can never hurt making a reservation.I'm a fan. Service was excellent, food came out very quickly, and the portions were massive. I was a bit disappointed by how things weren't very spicy (even when ordered on a 8 spice level), but everything still tasted great.
My friend and I ordered the dan dan noodles, the chili-oil wontons, and the double-cooked fish. To get it out of the way, the chili-oil wontons were the biggest disappointment - no flavor, super greasy, and not spicy at all. The dan dan noodles were great, though, and the double-cooked fish was the star of the meal. The fish was fried perfectly and tossed with chilis, leeks, and garlic. It also came with a large bowl of rice on the side - more than enough food for two people to share.
Han Dynasty is definitely worth coming to, although I would stop by during their lunch specials because the regular menu can be fairly pricey.Han Dynasty. We love the one in proper Philladelphia so much, our excitement was unbounded upon hearing that one opened in West Philly. 
In short: The food is just as good at the new location. Immediate five stars.
A bit longer: We ordered the Dan Dan Noodle, the Dry Pot Shrimp, and the Double Cooked Pork Belly. Dan Dan Noodle, is a delicious, spicy, noodley confection which has thousands of recipes online. Still, the ones at Han Dynasty (old and new) are the best, and we order them every time. The dry pot shrimp, flavored with hot peppers and ginger enough to make your tongue numb, was cooked properly and left me drinking the sauce at the end. The star of this trip was the double-cooked pork belly. I'm a sucker for pork belly, but the way this is prepared in thin slices with the slightly dry texture, although not crispy, is to die for.
Service was really good too -- our waters were refilled often. We will definitely come back to the new location rather than trekking across Philly in the future.Came here with a few friends and the place felt like authentic Chinese food but a very Western environment (which made the food taste "less Chinese" lol) Our waiter was really polite and nice 
Like all Chinese family style restaurants, I recommend coming here with a few friends so you can get a variety of foodzWent with friends for a campus club event so the menu was pre-arranged, however the food was excellent!  The tea was standard, and my gin-based cocktail was tasty (though a little difficult to drink as it contained lots of pieces of fruit which competed with the ice cubs for falling out onto my nose as I tried to sip).  But the food...oh it was awesome!  I've been craving Chinese for a while, and this more than satisfied my cravings in a way that cheap fast-food take-out never could.
The food is arranged by how hot and spicy it is, from a 1 (not hot) to a 10 (mouth on fire).  My group chose what we thought would be a fairly safe, not spicy level of 3--and found ourselves unprepared for the peppers.  Next time I'll go for a 1, but I'll definitely go back.
We had a tasting menu which included a huge variety of dishes.  Appetizers ranged from scallion pancakes (flakey and buttery goodness!), to pork dumplings (mouth on fire burning!), a cucumber salad, pork lo mein, and other savory/spicy dishes.  By the time the entrees arrived, most everyone at my table was more than halfway to being full, but the array of foods to sample was enough to entice us to continue eating.  The sweet honey-batter shrimp, snow-pea leaves, stir-fried green beans with pork and chicken with sticky rice were all amazing.  The meats were well marinated and practically melted in my mouth (beef, pork, chicken--all were excellently prepared!).  The vegetables were crisp and the sauces tangy.  It was an excellent meal, only dimmed by the fact that this place doesn't serve dessert! (As I live for sugar, I find this somewhat blasphemous)
While it was fairly crowded when we arrived at 7 on a Wednesday night, the service was still attentive and the food delivered promptly.  Our attentive waiter was great (filled our water glasses when they were less than an inch from the top, always asking how things tasted, etc.).  By the time we left (sometime around 8:30-8:45) the bar area and dining area were both packed, evidence as to how popular this place is.
I will definitely be returning to Han Dynasty to fill my next Chinese food craving!Being part Jamaican, I grew up on spicy food.  Not in a BW3's, Man vs. Food, drink some pepper spray type of way, but actually incorporating hot peppers as an ingredient to enhance the flavor of the dish so that you feel something other than heat is missing when you don't add it.  Han Dynasty does this very, very well.  The food is flavroful and not just hot for the sake of being hot.  I wish they had brown rice, but this restaurant will definitely be in my regular rotation.Han dynasty used to be one of my go to dinner spots, but when I went earlier tonight I was a little bit disappointed (the Old City location is still great though.)
We ordered cold pork with chili oil, garlic eggplant, dan dan noodles, black bean fish, and fried tofu. The pork belly is awesome and I'd definitely recommend it, and the black bean fish was really flavorful and fresh as well (tons of veggies so my mom was really happy), but I wasn't in love with anything else. The eggplant wasn't as soft or creamy as it has been in the past, the tofu was a bit dry, and there wasn't very much pork in the dan dan noodles. 
The UCity location is still good, just not as great as it was before.I remember a few years ago, when this restaurant just opened up and EVERYONE made dinner plans at this location as the go-to place for friendship. A few years later, the buzz has died down a little, but Han is still the place to go for more authentic, less Americanized Chinese food in UCity. Plus, the spice is never a bad thing!
Some things are VERY delicious here--I love how flexible the menu is, with different spice levels and choices of meat for each type of dish. Especially noteworthy are the Dan Dan Noodles (of course), the cold sesame noodles, and the garlic chicken. 
Unfortunately, the oiliness of the food has increased significantly in the past few years. We ordered the crispy rice chicken (as my boyfriend does not handle spice), and I didn't eat any of it based on the sourness of the thick, oily sauce. I also tried my friend's chili oil dumplings, but were disappointed in the oil and flavor as well; they seemed more like wontons than dumplings. In addition, many things are very pricey (although portions are HUGE and usually you can bring some back home. 
Finally, the service is the best I've received at a non-fancy restaurant, they continuously refill the white rice, and the dishes come out quickly. Just be careful of spending too much money; I recommend sharing dishes with friends family-style.This is the best Szechuan food I have had in Philadelphia. I have tried the Dan Dan noodles, the garlic chicken, the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup, and the long hot pepper chicken.  The garlic chicken and long hot pepper chicken were not as spicy as I would have liked, but they were only rated a 3 for spicy, and next time I would just ask for some chili oil on the side. The Dan Dan noodles are rated a 8, and that is as spicy as I can handle.Amazing food, friendly waiters, fast service, OOTW Drinks!!! My first time at that restaurant was awesome!!! Def coming back.The Chilli noodle came out salty but spicy 3/5. Pickled cucumber excellent crunch and szechuan spicy 4/5. Scallion pancake limb and cold 1.5/5 since it is drenched in oil. 
The salt level in this joint is horrendously high. Waiting for high blood pressure to kick in. 
We ordered fried rice and it was mushy although in taste it was a 3 2/5 for mushy.
The cumin chicken and the spicy tofu dish is horrible. The chicken and tofu is swimming in a bowl of oil. It tasted good we all felt horribly dehydrated the next few hrs and we're all constantly in our water bottle. 
All of us felt heavy and bloated and the take out had an inch of oil at the top a few hrs later. 
I cannot for the life of me ever visit this place. Does Tastiness have to come from food drenched in oil and MSG.  I don't have a problem with MSG but whenever you get thirsty for a few hrs that's a No No.
Price wise in University city it is a 3/5 however must remember the rent maybe higher.Brand expansion has done a number on Han Dynasty. This was my first visit to the West Philly location (my go-to is Old City), and I have to say it is mystifying that this place has mostly held on to its reputation. 
The West Philly location has some virtues: The design is sleek, contemporary, and casual, and we were promptly seated and served. This was a nice change from the kitschy, cavernous Old City location, where you practically have to wave your arms around to attract a server, even when the restaurant is empty. Here, the atmosphere and service were an improvement (although my friend's dish inexplicably arrived five minutes before mine, and we had to listen to an even more inexplicable soundtrack of N'Sync and Nelly). 
I ordered the double-cooked chicken. This is a dish I've had dozens of times at the Old City location, where the chicken is served in lean, bite-sized slabs. Here, there were large, rubbery pieces of meat-- the sort you might expect of cheap takeout, but not of the supposedly best Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia. Next I ordered the Kung Pow Tofu--a safe choice, I thought, since I've enjoyed it at the Old City location, and since it did not involve meat. Again, it was nothing like its Old City counterpart, whose small-diced vegetables (onion, scallions, peppers, water chestnuts) give each bite variety and texture. The dish becomes pointless when a single bite consists of a massive, spongy tofu triangle, or a giant, blanched bell pepper. My friend's vegetable fried rice was tasty, if misleadingly named, since there were no vegetables in it.
I get that expansion often means a loss of quality control -- but would they try to sell this stuff in the recently opened New York location? Are they hoping that the nearby college campuses will provide a stream of customers regardless of quality? They would be wise to remember that not all people connected with campuses are students, and that students have standards too.Han Dynasty is the besttt. Definitely deserves its high rating on Yelp. 
First off, I love the interior decor. It's a very chill vibe. You can definitely see that Han Dynasty took the time to brand itself; it's not "just another Chinese restaurant." Mad props. Also, they were playing "Bloom" by Odesza at some point, so that's another ten bonus points to them haha. 
Came here with a group of six people. We wanted more space, since Chinese meals are usually to be shared, and circular tables are preferred. Unfortunately, the circular tables were reserved, but they were accommodating enough, and put two rectangular tables together for us. I say "accommodating enough," because I feel like one of the waitresses was lowkey judging us. 
Anyway, when it came time to order, my parents tried to speak Chinese to the waiter, but he didn't understand Chinese, so I ended up trying to translate all the Chinese items into English. This was kind of annoying, so if you want to order in Chinese, just be aware that some of the waiters don't speak Chinese. For me, it was fine though, because I'm a total ABC and prefer to speak in English LOL. 
So anyway, on to the food. Food was SPICY. Spicy, but good. We ordered a bunch of stuff, but barely made a dent in most of them (眼大肚子小, amirite??). That said, it really was great food. Without further ado, here's what we ordered: 
Dumplings in Chili Oil: This was hella spicy, so I didn't eat much. It was alright, not amazing. I wouldn't order again. 
Eggplant w/ Garlic Sauce: This was pretty good. A bit more solid than I would have liked though. I'm used to more mushy eggplant, so I can mix it with my rice. Is that me being weird, or is that a legit preference?? I have no idea. But yeah, overall, good taste. Would order again. 
Cumin Style Lamb: This was yummy! The lamb was tender. It was REALLY spicy though, so if you can't handle spice very well, do not order this. I was spiced OUT while eating this. The flavor was good though. I probably wouldn't order this again though, because too spicy for me. 
Dry Fry Fish: OMG, this MADE the meal. I freaking loved this stuff. If I didn't have such a low tolerance for spicy stuff, I would've eaten the whole dish. It's spicy, but it also has this subtly sweet undertone. You don't expect that when you look at it, but when you taste it, it's such a nice surprise. I'm in love with this fish, and I'd go back to Han Dynasty just to taste this dish again. 
Oh, also I forgot to mention that we came in around 1pm, and it wasn't crowded at all. More people did come in at 2pm. 
Also, I think the service could've been a little better. I was spiced out and I wish they had filled my water more. 
Overall, this place was awesome. Chill vibes. Authentic Sichuan Chinese food. Will definitely be back.The food is OK, but the service is a little bit slow.  Typical Chinese food, most waters are not Chinese. Parking validation only available after 4 pm on weekdays. There are meter Parking on the street nearby.A must-go for anyone in the area! Han Dynasty boasts a pretty wide selection of spicy szechuan style dishes that are probably some of my favorite in University City!
I've been here previously several times, but I'll just mention the last time I came here for dinner. As usual, this place was pretty busy (even though my friend and I arrived pretty late, around 9). Nevertheless, we were quickly seated at one of the hightop tables. We decided to order with University City Dining Days and ended up with a ton of food (we might have even been able to split 1 "meal" between the two of us). We chose the dan dan noodles (which are a classic), hot pot style (which featured tender and spicy chicken), and kung pao chicken (which was also very tasty). For dessert, I chose to get the Grand "Royale", which was actually a lot stronger than I expected, but still was great. My friend got the 2 special macarons, which had super unique flavors. I tried a bit of the macarons, and I didn't really like the "spicy citrus chocolate", which tasted like it contained a "ginger"-y flavor.
A few tips: try the dan dan noodles (unless you have peanut allergies) and don't be afraid to adjust the level of spicy according to what you feel is good. 
I'm usually skeptical of nice-looking places having great authentic chinese food (a bigger fan of authentic hole-in-the-wall locations), but there's really no getting around the fact that Han Dynasty is amazing.Quite by accident I ordered take-out here.  The Spring Rolls should have been named Oil Rolls, they were so greasy.  And the black bean chicken had no black beans insofar as I could tell.  But at least the hostess was pleasant, and offered me tea while I waited for my (overpriced) food. "Meh" just about sums it up.I love spicy foods and on a cold day like today, this really hits the spot.  My friends and I ordered the following dishes and loved each of them.  
Dan Dan Noodles is a must every time we go here
Mapo Tofu was one of our favorites.
Dry Pepper Style Chicken was average.
Double Cooked Style Fish was my absolute favorite of the 4 dishes.  I think this is a must try.
Great service too!Ordered the wonton soup which was scrumptious.  You're probably wondering how could wonton soup be so good.  It was in the broth ...superb and the wonton delicate.  Very nice.
Also ordered chinese cabbage with dry pepper, hot style chicken,  cold sesame noodle,  and the garlic style chicken.  As always the dishes were very tasty.  The Chinese cabbage wasn't overwhelmed by strong flavors but it allowed the cabbage to come to life against the backdrop of spice from the szchuan peppers.  The chicken hot style was a perfect juxtaposition to the cabbage.
Cold sesame noodle I imagined were delivered from grandma in the kitchen straight to my table.
I love this place.The Three Cup Chicken is amazing here as is the stir-fried cabbage with chili.  I actually think that it's better here than at Jane G's.  The salt and pepper jumbo shrimp and mei fun are also solid.  The mei fun comes with plenty of protein and egg.  The prices are definitely much more reasonable and the $8.50 lunch specials are fantastic.  A portion will easily last 2 meals, and the food is served very quickly.  It's also close enough to campus that a 1 hour student-faculty lunch is completely feasible.I tried the double-cooked flounder, mapo tofu, dan dan noodles, and kung pao chicken to share with my hungry friend. We kept the original spiciness ratings on the menu. 
The highlights were the dan dan noodles and kung pao chicken. Perfect amount of spiciness and great flavor. A new level of chinese food quality (as expected for the high price!). 
The mapo tofu was good. The tofu is very soft and delicate, which I enjoy (as an Asian diner perhaps), but my friend did not care for this consistency. A bit greasy and a little too spicy though... it is definitely a "we're obsessed with the 1-10 spiciness scale because it is so trendy, so we're going to tarnish a typical, traditional dish." I think the 1-10 rating is a new, convenient option, but I hope that Han Dynasty will also respect the tradition of the dishes they are serving... even if the diner doesn't necessarily know what they are supposed to taste like in the first place. 
The double-cooked flounder was OK. Kind of salty, which was disappointing for a $20 plate. Perhaps that is the flavor meant by "double-cooked." Maybe it was the added spices. I am getting a bit tired of talking about spices, and most likely, you will get tired of eating the spicy foods. I recommend mixing in a more subdued, cooler dish to provide your mouth some relief. 
I will come back for dan dan noodles.My colleagues try to get to Han Dynasty at least twice a month. We always get noodles in chili oil, dan dan noodles, cucumbers, wontons, or cold sesame noodles for apps. I love the double cooked fish, pickled chili style, and the spicy hot pot (which is enough for 3 people!). What's nice is that during weekday lunch they serve smaller (not by much) and less expensive lunch portions. It's a little bit pricey but well worth it. A group of 5 usually goes and it comes to about 20 bucks a person after tax/tip - buts that's with 3 appetizers. Han Dynasty has it's own flavor which I have never tasted any where else - it's a bit addictive.Inconsistent... that's one word that describes this place! 
Some dishes are fab, some are a drab... On some days the service is excellent,  on others it is... On certain days they pour the whole salt can into your plates,  and on others they totally forget about it....I was hoping for better given the reviews. The delivery was quick, but came with no utensils. I was staying at a hotel, which they knew. The chili dumplings were excellent. The lo mien was very average.One of my favorite restaurants for everything. I have taken out, dined in with small group, and dined in with a large group. The University City Han Dynasty has a great atmosphere and great food. My favorite dishes and need to try at least once are the Dan Dan noodles (Spicy with peanut-y taste), Cumin chicken, chicken and onions, and eggplant with garlic sauce. I unashamedly have tried almost everything else (even did the chef's tasting course with a group) and have enjoyed everything. The tastes are authentic and the flavors are great. I do love spicy food though, so make sure to ask for lower levels of spice if you are worried. Like the others, the service is iffy. Usually, the waiters and waitresses are too occupied and may take a while longer to get to you. However, when they do, they are nice and helpful. I would watch out for the huge lunch and dinner rushes.Food is good.  Price is right.  Varied menu -- easy to mix favorites and new things.  Service and seating can be variable.  Otherwise the current mean (average evaluation) really describes this place.  Can you tell I have nothing worthwhile to add?Worst wonton soup ever. Half of it is oil- I ate the soup hours ago and my stomach is still in knots. I'm sorry, but if the ghetto Chinese restaurant around my block in south philly has better wonton soup than you- you're getting two stars.Had a quick dinner with a friend and it was awesome in & out in 40 minutes...we are able to have our food, eat it, and get it packed up and out the door a sap without any issue with the food taste...it was amazing well-prepared well l-season...awesomeness. I had the pepper chicken amazing, amazing, amazing...next time I come to Philly I definitely would stop here!!
*Forgot about this, I had to deduct a star for food delivery. It was not timed so that we (2 people) had our food at the same time...basic waiter rules!
7/16/16: Returned last week and wanted to add a star, but no such luck...level of waiting tables still needs work, the staff that meets the table should make this their bible - http://www.kng.com/blog/restaurant-management/proper-wait-staff-etiquette-in-serving-guests/Update: service was pretty slow and waiters were inattentive to our table of 8. Yes, it was a Friday night but a busy time of day shouldn't dampen the quality of service that severely - disappointed.  
--
Dry Fry Style Pork is the best!!! This place is super popular and 3/4 of the menu is best with some chili (usually the chef's standard) so if you don't like spicy, it might be a little difficult for you to fully enjoy the food! Portion sizes are pretty big, family style is best so you can try more foods. It can be pretty pricey ($15-20 per person depending what you order and how much people eat). Common staple found at every table were the dan dan noodles. I ordered this to-go before and it didn't taste as good, so eat this dine-in! Their scallion pancakes are very authentic and super yummy. The styles can be quite overwhelming (what to order ?! So many options!) salt and pepper is great but only available for seafood (boo) but double cooked and dry fry were my personal favorites.Dan Dan noodles are the way too go. I also like their spicy cucumber appetizer. Staff is also very friendly and there is a nice quiet atmosphere inside.I have been here a few times in the past and didn't care much for the food. The last month I have been here twice and couldn't resist getting the same thing because it is so good. Double fry style, number 5. I wish it had more vegetables but it is still really good. Perfectly seasoned and fried. I actually asked for a side of the sweet garlic chili oil and pour it on. It was delicious. The portions and cost are good. You get a nice amount of food for the lunch special. You can share it with someone. The staff are nice and pretty educated on the menu. It actually amazes me because of the detail they go into.A must have whenever I come to Philadelphia. I've come here too many times to count, and I always enjoy myself. I'm sure you can see from other reviews, but be prepared for SPICY food. They will adjust the level of spice if you ask though, so don't be shy to ask if you can't handle high heat.
Spicy Crispy Cucumber (5/5) - I order this every time I come here. The cucumbers are soaked in chili oil, so there is heat, but the freshness of the cucumbers takes away from the spiciness
Pork Belly w/ Sweet Garlic Chili Oil Sauce (4/5) - The pork belly is (I think?) boiled, so don't expect it to be crispy like other pork belly dishes. This is one of my favorite appetizers. The garlic adds a nice flavor to this dish.
Wontons in Chili Oil (3.5/5) - I really like the actual wonton itself, but these soak up a little too much chili oil for me
Dan Dan Noodle (4.5/5) - This dish is a staple of Han Dynasty. I love it so much that after I moved away from Philadelphia, I learned how to make it myself. The only reason I'm giving it a 4.5 instead of a 5 is that sometimes, it comes out kind of watery. A must have if you come to Han Dynasty.
Cold Sesame Noodle (3.5/5) - These noodles are a nice substitute for the Dan Dan noodles if you don't have a high heat tolerance. They are also a nice side dish to have so not EVERYTHING you eat is spicy. It is a little too sesame-y for me though.
Braised Beef Noodle Soup (4/5) - One of my favorite noodle dishes. The broth is nice and warm, and they are generous with the meat. This is also a nice, non-spicy dish to enjoy.
Spicy Beef Noodle Soup (3/5) - This is a spicy version of the dish before. For some reason, there is something about the chili oil which I don't enjoy much. I don't like the way it coats my tongue when I am drinking the soup.
Dry Pepper Chicken/Fish (4/5) - I usually get this dish when I come here too. The level of fried is nice, and it is a pleasant level of heat. 
Cumin Lamb (3.5/5) - Usually I enjoy cumin in my food, but this is a little too cumin-y for me. My other friends seem to really enjoy this dish though. Regardless, it is a pretty tasty dish, just a strong for my taste.
Crispy Rice Chicken/Fish (4/5) - This dish is a favorite of my friends who can't handle spicy food. There is no heat, and the flavors are nice, with a assortment of mushrooms and bamboos shoots. I really enjoy the crispy rice, which is kind of like a rice cake.Satisfactory place to try Szechuan with a side of green tea (Don't worry it's complimentary). Also the spot isn't your usual Japanese/ Asian fusion restaurant with weird dish names for uncooked meat.
Full points for appetizers. Had cold sesame noodles and Dan Dan noodles, interesting both were good and came in huge portions which can be easily shared among 3 people.
Entrée too is big on quantity but it was kind of hit and miss for me. Though their description of items on the menu is good enough but the actual dish wasn't soothing to the eyes or the palette.
The fried tofu leaked so much oil that it might fill up around 2 fl oz bottle with a single order of entree.  Chicken could be viable option but have been here only once so Incase you try do let me know how was it. 
Dessert somehow filled a bit of void left by the entrée. We got the 3 ice cream scoops of green tea, red bean and a rotating flavor( today was birthday cake). Green tea is a typical matcha flavor. Red bean contains actual bean pieces and has a very smooth flavor. Birthday cake as always is fun. 
Pro tip: Have a appetizer and a dessert, skip the entree if you aren't too hungry.Went here with friends to celebrate a bday.  Great evening.  The staff was very friendly and fun.  We were seated right away.  By far best chinese food in town!  Dan Dan noodles were awesome!  Love the variety of the menu too.  Cool contemporary atmosphere.   I would definitely recommend highly!  Can't wait to go back.Han Dynasty should've opened this location ages ago - god knows all of the undergrads and grads in UCity were going all of the way to Old City just to get their spicy Szechuan fix. Now, and especially with this bigger and more spacious location, students can come in groups or with their families and throw their taste buds into the fires. Quality remains the same - delicious and SPICY (and oily, but that comes with the territory). Menu is also the same as elsewhere, so you can be sure the Dan Dan Noodles will be on every table. Given the location, if the thought of eating with (potentially drunk) students ruins your appetite, don't go to this Han Dynasty - but you can go to any of the other various locations easily enough :)First time and it was very good! We had an assortment of dishes, including Dan Dan noodles, salt and pepper shrimp, twice fried fish, scallion pork, and curried chicken. It was all delicious. My husband and I don't eat Chinese food often so we can't really compare to other similar places, but the interior is really cool (an old bank building in the Old City section of Philly), and it was busy all night.Han Dynasty is one of those Philly institutions that's an endless favorite on Zagat Philly lists or "top restaurants in Philadelphia", etc. Before I start, Han Dynasty is surprisingly not that expensive (the 3711 Market location is really nice inside!) and has really great, fast, take-out service. 
A few weeks ago, I got the beef and tripe chili oil dish. I love spicy food, but be warned, this is insanely spicy and cold! Spicy enough to split into three portions to eat when my mouth isn't screaming for mercy. Still, really good! Today, I had the dumplings in chili oil-not as spicy and a really delicious appetizer. 
I just the Dan Dan noodles for take-out though and am not super impressed...I know this is total heresy and I should just stop the review here, but the portion I got was just "meh" on my flavor scale. I've never had Dan Dan noodles before, but Han's seemed kind of like peanut-buttery noodles without any spice.Wow. The Dan Dan Noodles. Never liked asian styled noodles until today. Not even kidding. I'm coming back for more. And you should too.Despite the raving reviews Han Dynasty has received so far, I happen to differ with my very own experience. After a 2nd try and a 2nd chance for this much hyped Phila phenomenon, I swear to myself as well as to those I know - I have given it too many chances and will never return!!
What is so BAD about this place? Briefly, food and service are the main problem. Otherwise it is fine if you like the kind of food they call Chinese or Szechuan, which seems to me didn't even undergo cooking. It is basically just all pre-cooked stuff, vegetables and noodles (mushy, BTW) etc, overdosed with whatever sauce (spicy and greasy, sweet and/or nutty etc..) before served to you. Let me explain in detail..
First the food. Well, it is food and kinda of edible, I agree that much, but not much more. We ordered the cold & spicy cucumber, which should be a super cheap and served cold so it's commonly a summer dish. It is usually made with crunchy fresh cucumbers, which are plentiful in the summer. The key to this dish is that the kind of cucumbers makes a huge difference. It has to be the flavorful Asian variety which are also dark green colored outside with very small to none seeds. English cucumber would be a closest substitution. The regular large, thick skinned, and tasteless variety with large and mature seeds, and are easily found at the supermarket here in this country simply would not serve the purpose. OK, just what I suspected, we were served with a bowl of this far inferior variety of cucumbers. Not only that, it is not EVEN "cooked". By "cooked" I mean this dish needs to be tossed with just the right amount of fresh chilly oil and freshly crushed garlic, a dash of Szechuan paper, the right level of sugar and salt, and that is all there is to it. Instead, the normally dark green skinned cucumber dish sitting in front of us is, ok, large, pale (peeled) tasteless cucumber cubes swimming in some sort of light brown gooey sauce. I braved myself with some of the saucy cubes, and they tasted way too sweet! And the sauce is, umm, some sort of peanut based, is my best guess. 
Another simple cold dish - Dan Dan Noodles came way too mushy, clearly pre-cooked and sitting way too long to be ordered. It once again came with sweet sesame based sauce. Aside from being overly sweet, the main problem with this dish is the texture of the noodles. We might just like them better if we didn't still have nice and youthful chewing capability...
I began to get suspicious about whether they actually do cook the dishes per customers' order or if they simply just combine the ingredient with what else... a sauce before serving.. The much raved mapo tofu might be a good indicator, I thought. Sure enough, it came overwhelmed with grease and a kind of spicy sauce. The tofu looked just like any other packaged stuff one can get at an Asian grocery store, nothing special. Just as I suspected, the dish was lukewarm, suggesting it was NOT freshly COOKED in a sizzling hot wok as most Chinese food should be.
I could just go on and on with the remaining dishes we ordered - all came to us by the same cooking method, I could tell, which is NO COOKING - pre-cook all the main ingredients, then toss in generous amount of sweet, spicy and/or nutty sauce before serving. The price? yes, the price is about 20-30% higher than a similar dish in just about any Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.
Lastly, the service was so dismal that I didn't think they deserve any tip for the pretty much non-existent "service". We had to beg for water, for example. 
Enough due credit already given to this non-deserving, over-priced, over-hyped, poor service sauce factory.. or you could call it a 'restaurant' if all it does is to produce the sweet and spicy sauces.I am OBSESSED with this place. Everything is delicious and well-priced. And ever since I discovered that they deliver, my bank account has been taking a severe beating. They are not kidding about the spice level, though. Every time I come here I'm always throwing back glass after glass of water to deal with the spices they put in their dishes. But it is delicious nonetheless.
Go for the pork belly in garlic sauce on the cold appetizers menu. It's as unhealthy as it tastes, but who cares?! I could eat an entire dish of that by myself. (Yes, it's meant to be shared.)
Other favorite dishes of mine: prawns with asparagus (the prawns are HUGE. Big plus in my book.), dan dan noodles, beef in oyster sauce, scallion pancakes, cold sesame noodles...basically everything. Just go. Go. You won't regret it one bit.A staple in my college career.
Consistenly fantastic food, very quick service, and decent pricing. 
It hits the spot (but sometimes the grease is a lil much)The Dan Dan Noodles delivered: perfectly textured noodles dunked in a spicy/sweet/savory chili oil. There's a tiny dollop of ground pork present.
Scallion Pancakes: fine. The dipping sauce is spicy oil. Naturally.
Thrice-fried chicken: tiny bite-sized spicy white-peppery nuggets lost in a pile of hot chilies that I didn't really have the guts to eat. Comes with a side of steamed rice, which is essential to survive eating in this joint, where everything is spicy. 
Coming from the Manhattan branches of Han Dynasty, this giant restaurant is a welcome change!Has been my favorite place for 4 years! Food is delicious. Environment is cosy. Recommend.I visit the 3700 Market location as often as I dare.  If you are a fan of spicy Chinese food this is the place for you.  I am a lover of all foods Asian, and I must say that this restaurant is NOT representative of any Chinese restaurant that I have ever been to. The owner of the restaurant found a way to perfectly master the blending of Asian spices to create the most delicious dishes. I have never been more fond of anise or Schezwan peppers. Even the staff is great!  They are knowledgeable about the menu offerings and ever changing draft and cocktail selections.    
If you do not like spicy food, this place may not be for you.  There are a few tame things on the menu - 3 cup chicken or salt and pepper shrimp if you MuSt...Spice level can also be reduced for all entrees.
I can't possibly cover all the things on the menu that I love so I'll just list a few.
Dan Dan Noodles - Heat scale 6ish  
OMG, I have no idea how something so simple can be made to taste so fabulously.
Cucumber in chili sauce - Heat scale 6ish  
I didn't order this appetizer for ages because it sounds a little pointless, but what the title and menu neglect to mention is that the sauce that these crispy cucumber nuggets is in is only slightly less amazing than the Dan Dan noodle sauce.  
Cumin Lamb -  Heat scale 6ish
I hate lamb, really I do.  I will take that hatred to the grave. There is something that Han Dynasty does to the lamb that makes it sing - yes SING.  There is no way to describe it.  Lamb is the best meat for this dish
Hot Sauce Fish - Heat scale 7
What a delicious masochistic blend of gently fried fish, garlic, red pepper flakes and other special spices.  
Dry Pot shrimp or fish - Heat scale 10++
This is the spiciest Chinese dish I have ever eaten.  I prefer to share this with groups of people so I don't hurt myself too much because it is truly addictive.  If you can take the heat, get in the kitchen with this dish.  It will not disappoint!
I have had a host of other Chef specials and mixed drinks, and I loved them all. This place is a little pricier than I prefer due to my addiction, but the cost doesn't come close to keep me or the droves of loyal customers away.Double-cooked pork belly or fish. Dry pepper style. Crispy cucumbers. 
Meals here have always been satisfying. Dishes are a bit pricey though, about 1.5-2x as much as what you would pay for at a more "authentic" Szechuan Chinese restaurant. Great flavors and quality. Service can be a hit or miss.I actually didn't know that this restaurant was a chain, but it's a good thing because there are more locations of this good restaurant. 
I've tried multiple dishes from here including their home style tofu, vegetable soup, lamb dishes, and their sliced tofu with grounded pork. They're definitely a traditional Chinese restaurant in terms of food, but the atmosphere is westernized. Their food is definitely spicy, something I'm not necessarily good with. Luckily, they allow you to customize the spicy levels. 
The service is fast and attentive, but there are little to no Chinese Waiters. Thus, if you're a traditional Chinese, plan on ordering in English (I don't quite remember if there's even Chinese on the menu). 
Overall, a good restaurant. It has a nice location close to both UPenn and Drexel, and the price is average to a little pricey. Good food, good location, good stuff.My favorite place to eat near Penn campus! The atmosphere is pretty nice and you have the choice to eat inside or outside and I've never had a problem with the service. 
Recommended dishes: 
- Dan Dan Noodles - there's a reason why this is their signature dish! The noodles are perfectly cooked and slightly chewy, and the waiter mixes the noodles/sauce right in front of you. In fact when I don't have this for a few months, I actually start to get cravings.
- Szechuan Fish - it's hard to find a restaurant that makes fish well in Szechuan style. This one is perfect because the spiciness doesn't over-burden the taste of the fish. The fish is cooked really well and the pieces fall apart perfectly.
Don't like anything dry pot style - it's so dry and spicy that I can't actually taste anything else during the meal..or for the rest of the day for that matter. Also don't really like the double cooked pork - comes out too 50% of the time and chewy to the point that it's hard to eat.
OH and if you come here with a large group (30+) for an event, you can negotiate the tasting menu price - great deal to try everything on the menu if it's your first time!This place is soooo good! Best Asian food in town! I got the vegetable dumplings, dry pot tofu, and Dan Dan noodles. They can literally make everything vegetarian so that's a plus. The cocktails are also delicious. I didn't realize how spicy the food would be so make sure to tell them your spice level when you order!This place is great. Han Dynasty isn't afraid to use chili, and the results are terrific. Try the dumplings in chili oil, the dry pot style... seriously, you could just randomly pick a menu item and end up with good food here. Service was friendly. The place can get a little loud and it's frequently crowded, but it's unlike any Chinese restaurant I've been to in the States. If you're bored with Americanized Chinese food, this will scratch your itch for something different.Yay!!!  Scallion pancakes!!!  Was seated right away, even though I went in right at the lunch rush.  Food came out quickly and was very hot.  Wish I wasn't on a break from work, as it looks like it has a nice selection at the bar as well.  I would agree with most here that say to heed the scale rating the spice levels... seem to be pretty accurate.I always wonder at what point we should just stop writing reviews as there are so many, and in this case there are so many good ones. But then it wont be fair to the restaurant owners for they work hard to serve us delicious food. 
We are a group consisting of 3 couples who like to explore eclectic food. One of  the couples had been here but the rest of us had not experienced Hans. What a delight ! 
We ordered, dry pepper fish, some prawns (large shrimp) dish, hot chicken dish and few other dishes besides the appetizers. Everything was absolutely fabulous, visually and in taste. The only unfortunate part was they ran out of Lobster so we couldnt try it...well next time.
We drove for 40 minutes to get here and it was well worth it. If you like Chinese food and  dont mind the spiciness, this is the place to go to !!!Went here about 3 more times and the portion size is better, but food is often inconsistent:
- I get the cumin lamb every time I'm here and it's always variable.  One time it was in a sloppy sauce (usu. it's more dry) that tasted a bit like a sweet and sour sauce?!
- Crispy rice style is AWFUL.  By the time it gets to your table, the crispy rice (think rice cakes but thinner) is already soggy.  Sorry but wet rice cake is not my idea of yummy.  Can't believe I paid money for this dish and after 2 complaints (waiter then manager), they did not even take it off the bill!Han Dynasty is some of the best Chinese food you can get in West Philly. The foods comes out crazy fast after you order. This place get crowded during weekends so I would recommend a reservation. 
My favorite dishes: double cooked chicken and the chili oil dumplings. If you are sensitive to spicy foods pay attention to the spice ratings and ask your server for help.Entered this restaurant solo after a friend took too long (my hunger was calling out). Was greeted by a blonde chick who automatically assumed i wanted takeout. After making my way to a table, a waiter came over looking less then enthusiastic with a pitcher of water. I countdown how long it takes to be noticed at a restaurant but my waiter, Anthony, made my day guys! Had some dumplings which seemed to have more dough than meat. Wish i had time to try something different but I will come back to explore their menu. 3 stars for Han Dynasty.Han Dynasty continues to be the best Chinese food I have ever had. Ever. In all fairness, I have never been to Asia, but I am well traveled throughout the continental US and Europe. This visit I had dumplings in chili oil and Dan Dan noodles, which I crave like a dog and peanut butter. I miss living in Philly for many reasons, and this is one of them.Spicy fried fish and tofu is great. Also spicy lamb, dandan noodles. The tables are not very good. Location is great.YUM. TASTY. SPICY. *Disclaimer I am a weenie when it comes to capsaicin. Also worth noting that a former English teacher in China says this is the most authentic Chinese food he has come across stateside.
The appetizers are really, really delicious, namely the dan-dan noodles (even though I thought they were spicy as all hell, I couldn't stop shoveling them into my face hole).
The entrees did not impress me as much as the apps we ordered, but on the upside--depending on who you ask--they are less spicy by far. The meat is sort of squishy, which is something I expect from cheap Chinese places, but not an upscale one. The string beans with minced pork were awesome though.
They were playing the Eagles game behind the bar (Thursday night football), which pleased the boys in our group. Beer menu was good (maybe 6-8 on tap plus a large selection of bottles).
We spent more than we intended to. That said, we took home several meals' worth of leftovers and each had 2+ beers.Food is decent. Waiters were awesome. -2 stars because of the manager (Adam?) who was a total prick. 
We had a party of ~15 and had just finished dinner. Just as we had the credit card/bill returned for signature, he came out of nowhere and rudely told us to hurry up because there was apparently a party that had waited an hour at the bar for our table. What's your deal man?
1) We had just received the credit card/bill for signature. We weren't just occupying the table for no reason.
2) There was no prior indication that he needed the table back. Why not give us a 20 minute heads up? Nobody would have taken issue with that. And how were we supposed to know that people were waiting at the bar? That's not our damn job - isn't that what Adam gets paid to do? Do your job bud.Great food! Ordered the dan dan noodles and the garlic sauce style with lamb. They were both ordered at level five but the garlic sauce style was definitely spicier. When we told the waiter, he said that it changes with different chefs, so just be cautious if you go. 
Would definitely go back but just tone down the spice levels for my taste.
Also got the mochi ice cream in blueberry, white chocolate raspberry and triple chocolate. I personally liked the chocolate the best and white chocolate raspberry was good too. I wouldn't get the blueberry again.I liked this place so much last time that I raved about it to all of my friends and came here again with a group of them. What a shame that this weekend's experience was both disappointing and embarrassing. 
I had made a reservation, which turned out to be a good idea because they were pretty busy. In the reservation, we had asked for an outdoor table. The hostess had reserved us an indoor table. We told her that we were willing to wait for an outdoor table to give the server some time, if he had been seated recently. While the hostess was reluctantly figuring out whether to give us an outdoor table, an older lady (maybe a manager?) came over and took us to an outdoor table. 
Our server was reasonably good. He frequently checked in on us. However, our water glasses remained empty for long stretches of time. When we were ready to order, the older lady who seated us came to take our order instead of our server. 
We ordered 3 items for starters: the Dan Dan noodles, Crispy Rice Style Pork, and the Bok Choy vegetable dish, to which the older lady said, "THAT'S IT?!?!" followed by, "THAT'S ALL YOU WANT TO ORDER???"  all in a very rude tone and incredulous facial expression. I almost choked. 
As someone with many years in the restaurant industry, I understand  why one would prefer dining guests to order more. However, I did emphasize that we wanted to order those items as starters. Most restaurants don't have a problem with this. Also, even if I ever thought that a guest ordered too little, (I might secretly curse them out in my head, but) I would NEVER say it to the guest. 
Also, as many reviewers point out, the portions are fairly large. I'm not  a hugely large eater and I don't think it's wrong to order a comfortable amount of food when dining at a restaurant. (We were still very full by the time we left.) The way the older lady reacted when taking our order was tacky and unprofessional, but the real disappointment was that it took over an hour for our orders to arrive (last time, it took only 10 min). It seemed like she "forgot" to give the kitchen our order... maybe because she thought we didn't order enough. 
After 45 minutes, we asked our server about our food. He promptly went to the kitchen and came back saying the food was on its way. 15 minutes later, we asked him again. He checked with the kitchen and said that they had run out of bowls. At the same time, a table of 3 just got seated near us. About 10 minutes later, that table of 3 received an order of Dan Dan noodles (in a bowl!) despite the kitchen's alleged lack of bowls. We still did not receive any of our items... not even the boiled vegetable side dish, which takes about 5 minutes to make. 
A few minutes later, a manager came out with yet another bowl of Dan Dan noodles, but he offered it to a couple who said they didn't order it. The bowl was sent back to the kitchen, though I suspected that it had been ours. I thought about lunging for it, but it disappeared before I could even blink. Another few minutes later, I talked to a girl who was checking on tables and got her to finally bring out our dishes. She apologized that our food "took so long to arrive" ... meaning 1.5 hrs in this case. My friends were really hungry (that's how they kept track of the exact time). I felt so badly about telling them how good Han Dynasty was. 
This experience really deserves 1 star, but I'm giving 2 stars after taking my last visit into account. I believe the bad reviews a bit more now. I'm not sure if I can still recommend this place at the risk of having others wait 1.5hrs for their food and get rude service from that older lady (the hostess/manager/person who took down our order). We didn't ask for a discount, but if this happens to you, make sure you get yours.LLLLLOOOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEEEE!
Went there million times with BF. Our favorite restaurant in university city!Han Dynasty offers a unique dining experience. Everyone in our party was satisfied with the "spice level" of their food because our waiter was very helpful with suggestions!  Must try the Dan Dan noodles!Han has some ok items on the menu but overall it has not wowed me. But that could be because I had hair in the beef pot.  When we got there it took about 20 mins for our food to come out but when I returned the food with the Hair in it new food came out in less than ten...I wonder if that was the same mealI really enjoyed han dynasty on market. I got spicy fish and some other Szechuan meals. It's relatively expensive but pretty authentic. Family style but the portions are moderateI love their Dan Dan noodles (and so does everyone else according to Yelp!).  I have always gotten it for take out with my friends and everything we've tried has been great, including the garlic eggplant, String beans, and chicken with scallions.  I can understand the hype about this place as everything is delicious but it's not completely authentic.  But still, that can't keep me away from those delicious dan dan noodles!!Excellent food! The Dan Dan noodles are everything I had expected, based on other reviews. The beef dry pot was good... Nice and spicy. I wasn't so impressed by the spicy crunchy cucumbers. They were good, but nowhere near as delicious as they're made out to be. 
Everything had a degree of spiciness to it, and I like that. Great service as well!Good tasting Chinese food; good selection, with lunch specials that are a tad expensive given the quantity and the fact that nothing comes with other than rice. The rice is a let down - a Chinese restaurant ought to be able to make good rice. The eggplant was cooked in a microwave (educated guess) before being added to the sauce, making it too hot to eat.I love food here! Many choices for people either love spicy food or not love spicy food!
You can ask for smaller size if you can't eat that much!
Reasonable price!I like this place a lot. You have to try their home made ginger ale it's like the best non alcoholic drink ever. And their scallion pancakes are a must have. If you get the chance to eat here you won't want to eat Chinese from anywhere else. I love the two cup chicken it's not on the menu at 38th street but if you ask got it they will make it for you, special right! I don't think I have any complaints. The food is made family style so come with a large group and each person order a different dish and dig in!Great food and Customer Service. There was a dish that I was not that into but they were more than willing to change it to the dan noodles. The experience was very nice. They were busy but they were still able to attend to all of my needs. I will definitely eat there again.Han dynasty is the best place to eat a good chinese food. Everyone should try the dan dan noodles. Those are the best noodles that I have ever had. Love this place. The service is great!!I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and Scallion Pancakes for takeout.  Both were put together well and were very yummy.  The noodles were definitely very spicy!Chinese food with the delicious sauce, and slightly less grease. I'm still thinking about the Dan Dan noodles. It's a great place to bring a large group and share plates. The only thing that disappointed me was that the duck was delicious, but filled with dozens of small, sharp bones that made it impossible to eat. So don't order the duck, but definitely get the Dan Dan noodles. The spice is serious, but fear not, they allow you so specify on a scale of 1-10 how spicy you would like each dish.
The service was fast, and did a great job of describing the dishes, and making recommendations.I was geared up to LOVE this place based off of y'all's reviews, and I was just underwhelmed.  We went at lunch time, service wasn't exactly friendly or fast in spite of the place being quiet.  We ordered spring rolls to start (which came out AFTER our entrées) and there was just way too much cabbage in them, no seasoning to speak of and they were just a little soggy.
My entrée of black pepper chicken was decent.  The sauce was good, but the vegetables were raw (like a 'holy Sh*t I forgot the veggies' kinda raw and I wasn't convinced on the quality of the chicken meat too), the rice was cold cause our server got it out of the pot WAY too early for our order.  
A friend said it was one of the best places to eat Chinese food in Philly, if this is y'all's best... stick to cheese steaks!Came here with a group of friends for my birthday. We had a total of 16 people in our party so we opted for the tasting menu. There's 3 different tasting menu ranging from $20-$30 so we went with the $30 which came with 15 dishes including appetizers and entrees. You tell them what you want to include in the tasting menu and the chef would customize the entrees based on your preference. You also get to choose your level of spicy. At first we were afraid that there's not enough food since its called tasting menu but it turned out we had more than enough food. We left with 2 big bags filled with take out and ended up eating left over for the next two days.  The cucumber with sesame oil is my favorite because its so light yet so flavorful. I will definitely be back.The mussels in hotpot sauce here is really good. Service and atmosphere are decent. Fairly large venue.This place makes me sick. I mean really makes me sick. I tried the food 4 times, and each time it leaves me with- pardon- digestive distress the next day. I'm used to very hot food with no adverse effects. I assume it is the oil in everything and not the heat. I realize this is just me and not an indication of the food quality, but I would not try this place for the first time if you have things to do the next day.
Which comes to my second gripe, while I know chilli oil is the hallmark of Sczechuan, other flavors are nice too. Everything tasted the same- The Dan Dan noodles, the dumplings, the hot pot. The cumin dish only had a bit of the damn oil in it, but it was there!  If really seemed if you had one dish you had them all.
Also, we ordered the rabbit was just chunked up whole on the bones. I love when I order meat and I get every tiny rib bone chopped up with it so I have to pick them out, don't you? It may be authentic, but a description that it was a scorching hot-pot and a pick as you go dish would be fair.
The service is kind of sub-par. The servers are in a rush and I've had a hostess forget about us. 
All in all, I can't believe this is the same restaurant all my friends rave about.This place wasn't terrible but it wasn't a must either. The interior and atmosphere was very modern which is also a plus because I personally do not like tacky Asian decor. I came with a friend earlier when they just opened so they lacked essentials like some sort of dairy (which I need because I can't handle too much spice). Sadly, I had to suffer through the pain and tears of wonderful spices igniting my tongue on fire (literally). It was quite the burning sensation that I felt. Puns aside, the food was decent and pretty good. If you're looking for some good Sichuan style spicy food, this place is the place to go especially around the Penn campus.The Center City location is great. the Manayunk is sketchy.  Needs a good cleaning.This place is some of the best Asian food I've ever had. It's so radically different from normal American Chinese restaurants in terms of the dishes offered and the flavor of the food. It is Szechuan style and (although I speak without knowing) seems incredibly authentic to this style of ethnic cuisine. It's got a very relaxed atmosphere, and the waiters are bubbly and excited to serve you. I came here for dinner with 4 others. 
Appetizers: 
-Scallion Pancake - Flaky and airy pancake with a wonderful sauce
-Sweet and Spicy Cucumber - most incredible sauce I've ever had, some combination of garlic and ginger and nutty flavors that reminded me of Thai food. Complemented the sweetness of the cucumbers
-Dan Dan Noodles - Soooo good. Basic thin noodles, with a very light but savory sauce coupled with it
 Main Courses:
-Cumin Tofu - Really good. Strong cumin flavor... if you don't like cumin, stay away. The red chillies are not as hot or intimidating as they seem
-Eggplant with Garlic Sauce - Cooked to perfection. I thought the sauce lacked complexity in flavor that other sauces here had, but it was still great
-Tofu Crispy Rice Style - Really not good at all. The tofu was leathery, and the sauce was not flavorful at all, and tasted a little weird. Came with these rice krispy treats that I didn't think went with the dish well from a textural standpoint. Steer clear.
 Dessert:
-Mochi - The Lychee Mochi had a strong lychee flavor that I found excellent, Triple Chocolate Mochi was superb, and Raspberry White Chocolate Mochi tasted a little bit like a strawberry milkshake from McDonald's strangely enough, but was fantastic regardless. Don't love the texture of Mochi, but these were worth giving a shot.
I've been to other locations as well and Han Dynasty has never failed to disappoint. Just the best dang Asian food money can buy!I think I was a bit disappointed by the food here, having eaten a lot of Szechuan food in my life. If you're looking for more authentic Szechuan food at a better price, I think it would be worth it to just go to Chinatown. My friend and I shared the Kung Pao Chicken and Dry Pot Pork for lunch. The dishes were tasty, but I felt that it was a bit pricey for the amount and quality. Also, the Dry Pot Pork was rated 10/10 for spiciness, but I didn't think it was all that bad, and Szechuan food is supposed to be known for their spice. The service and atmosphere is great though, and I love the modern vibe mixed in with the traditional decorations.I clearly remember the day my buddy at UPenn (coincidentally named Dan) said to me, "You've got to try the Dan Dan Noodles at Han Dynasty, it is seriously a life-changing experience!" With such high praise, I recommended to my Swarthmore roommate that we head to this West Philly spot for dinner when his girlfriend was in town from Texas.
Following UPenn Dan's advice, we ordered the Dan Dan Noodles as an appetizer. The dish EASILY met all of the hype and was so scrumptious with a nice spicy kick that I wish we would have ordered seconds. For entrees, we shared the Dry Pot Style Chicken (spicy but not overwhelming), Garlic Sauce Style Pork, and Kung Pao Style Shrimp. There was a beautiful blend of flavors in each and I liked having the variety of dishes to try out.
I've since gone to the Han Dynasty location in Old City and the food is exactly the same (and delicious) there as it is here. The big difference though is the ambiance/environment. If you want to have a nice, casual meal with friends head to Powelton Village, as the restaurant has a more modern feel. In contrast, the Old City building has huge ceilings and ornate decoration throughout. It's the perfect place to take your parents when they are in town or impress a lovely person on a third/fourth date. No matter which Han Dynasty you choose, you'll be treated to the most incredible Szechuan/Chinese cuisine around!Very authentic,  we had extreme heat cabbage and three cup chicken. Finally a place with real Chinese food. We loved it. No room for dessert. Have to come back.My absolute favorite Chinese food in the city.  Kung Pao anything is good. The Cucumbers are essential, and the dumplings in chili oil are some of the best I have ever had.It was the best of meals; it was the worst of meals.  While some of the appetizers we had were delicious (a spicy noodles was superb) most of the entres were horrendous.  I don't write that lightly.  The dishes that include chili oils were literally swimming in them and were absolutely awful.  Salty.  Drenched in oil and fat.  Two other aspects of dinning here should be noted:  this restaurant delights in placing numbers in red in parentheses at the end of each item.  The scale of 1 to 10 purports to measure the heat and can be adjusted.  I am not sure how one adjusts a dish whose principal ingredient is chili oil other than to vary the amount and I certainly would be hard-pressed to distinguish between, say, a three and four.  The other thing is that this restaurant is expensive.  The bill for four of us including two glasses of wine and a beer as the total liquor tab and no desserts with tip was $170.  Three appetizers.  Four entres and a share vegetable entre.  There are other and far less expensive alternatives for those seeking good Chinese cuisine.  Some people will argue the food here is authentic and not tailored to American tastes and that if you don't like it that way, go elsewhere.  I would argue some people eat insects, dogs and haggis, too.Overall, it was a great dining experience. My friends and I had 4 of their dishes and 2 desserts. We had the spicy mung bean noodle with bean sauce, lo mein, garlic sauce beef, and cumin chicken! The dishes were great- the cumin chicken was slightly too spicy. We had the macaroons and the ice cream. The ice cream was great but one of the macaroons was not delicious. 
If you're coming here for portion, you'll have to order more than you think. But you definitely get some delicious, quality, and flavor packed dishes here.Yum! There were lots of things I could eat as a vegetarian. My boyfriend and I went for lunch. We got: Scallion Pancakes, Dan Dan Noodles (meat on the side), Hot Sauce Style with fried tofu entree size, side of rice, Dumplings in Chili Oil, and Red Bean ice cream. SO MUCH FOOD. Our meal (and probably lunch and dinner tomorrow!) cost $45 including tip.
The wait staff were very nice and always had my water in my glass.  The food was SO FREAKING GOOD. You just need to try it. If they have red bean ice cream, GET IT! Just trust me...it was amazing.Experience was great. One dish was a little too salty, but everything else was fantastic. I really enjoy the style of serving the dishes with larger portions that are intended to be shared.I love the Dan Dan noodle here. I like that you can change the spicy level just in case you the heat is too much for this dish. Service is always good. Even when they are busy they do not falter on delivering entrees in a timely manner.Had a great dinner at the Han Dynasty!  The service was wonderful.  Our waiter took the time to explain every dish and rate the spice levels!  We were happy with all of his recommendations.Me and my boyfriend were driving around University City looking for anything to eat and we come across this restaurant. It looked very inviting and they had outdoor seating (which is what we wanted) so we decided to stop here. We were seated immediately and were given this refreshing green tea. It was a bit hot for hot tea but it was still very tasty. It took the waiter a little too long to take our order, I guess she forgot that she had customers outside. She apologized about her delay and took our order right away.
Within minutes our food and drinks were brought out and it was hot and delicious! If you LOVE spicy food then this is the place for you! Im not a fan of spicy food so I ordered the Scallion chicken which had no spice rating and then my boyfriend got the garlic chicken which had a spice level of 3. The level 3 was spicy enough and the levels go up to 10 so I cant imagine how spicy that is. All the dishes are family style so it was very easy to share. The one thing I didnt like were their fried dumplings, too much dough and not enough meat.
Besides that everything was 5 stars! Including the delicious drinks. I recommend this place to anyone! Great food and drinks!Update! I forgot to mention that they refused to split the bill between credit cards. They wanted only one credit card. Unbelievable.I'm not one who seeks out restaurants involving sit down Chinese food, unless it's a Dim Sum spot or unless they're known to serve up some special eats.  This place definitely serves up the latter.  
I love their spice level concept and how it can be altered to your preference.
From their list of specialty cocktails, my gin-loving self  tried the Jade.  It's nice and refreshing.  I got it less sweet and on the rocks. (and you should too!)
Dan dan noodles are so simple and delicious.  Something that I could probably just make myself, but why bother when I could just make a call and have Han Dynasty make them for me!   
Shared the above and the Spicy Aroma Fish special that had a spice level of 10 but wasn't that spicy for some reason.  I think it's because although it might look spicy, it was more oil than that "punch you in the face" spice.  The spice was more of an after hit than a "tongue numbing" experience.  Namean?
The fish was a flaky white fish and the dish was filled with veggies and some glass noodles, but it was a really oily dish that left me feeling heavy and unsatisfied - and it will not be ordered again.
Decor is trendy and casual.  Service was slow for us.  I think at the time of our dining experience, our server was new so I'll give him the benefit of the doubt and leave it at that.  
Next time I come here I'm bringing a group and really doing it up family-style.  Gonna put on them stretchy pants and indulge!I've gotten takeout from this location and enjoyed dinner at another location, but dinner here was disappointing. All of our food...apps and entrees came out within 5 minutes of each other. Dan Dan noodles were lukewarm. The most disappointing was the Kung Pao tofu. The tofu was so overcooked that it lost all density and was reduced to what I can only compare to a deflated balloon. The whole dish also had maybe 6 peanuts. Our waiter tried to makeup for our meal, but friendly service alone won't cut it.I have been to two Han Dynasty restaurants and both of theme are great. The newly opened area provides more seats. I strongly recommend their Dan Dan noodle and Double Cooked PorkIf you come here with a group, it's almost impossible to make a fair assessment of everyone's favorite dish for the night unless you take the Dan Dan noodles out of the running. They're delicious - warm and sweet, with an ideal balance of spice and peanut flavor to avoid being too much of any one note. And because I'm not sure whether "al dente" is the right word to use for pasta in a szechuan restaurant, let's just say these noodles have the perfect amount of chew to them. Other favorites are the dumplings in chili oil, the scallion pancakes, and the dry pot style with fish. 
Also - I should mention that I tend to get really thirsty at restaurants, and was impressed with how diligent these guys are at refilling water! As soon as you put down your glass, someone is ready and waiting to dump more ice cold water in there.Best Chinese food in the city. The old city location is the original but this one's great too. Keep in mind that their "10" is HOT!! I loveeee spicy food and i could only do a 7....Awesome! Had the crispy spicy cucumber,  dan dan noodles, pork belly entree and wontons app. Spicy, but not unbearably so. Also did the check-in through yelp and got the cucumber app for free, good tip!Horrible service. Our party of two had to make a complaint with the restaurant's Monday night manager. Our waiter was incredibly inattentive, ignoring our simple requests. On top of that, the entire restaurant's team of waiters/backwaiters paid little attention to us throughout our stay - one of us had to wave our arms into the air to get someone's attention. The restaurant also gave us a wrong order, and then proceeded to take half an hour to give us the food we had actually ordered. On top of that, when we were charged, the waiter added the food we hadn't originally ordered. When we asked him to please remove the added amount, he took nearly 15 minutes because he was "busy" talking to people in the kitchen. Terrible experience, hopefully they get better.Love the fish bowl. My friends is obsessed with the dandan noodles here!!!
Close to Penn.From the atmosphere, to the food, to the service this place gets an all around 5 stars from me. The portions are quite large and the dumplings are delicious! My waitress was very friendly and attentive. Also a plus, the food was out to the table very quickly!Great food and good for that spicy sichuan chili fix. Love their dry pepper chicken and beef tendon!I always have a pleasant experience at Han Dynasty. I prefer the University City location to the Old City one - much brighter and more modern look. I really like the cumin chicken. The dry pepper chicken is a tad too greasy for my liking, but then again, it is deep fried. It is a good spicy dish. The dan dan noodles are always my fav. Portion sizes are huge. The dan dan noodles and one meat entree are definitely enough for two.Got the cold sesame noodles and scallion fried pressed tofu. Everything was so salty, I thought the chef hated us. Every bite merited a ratio of like one glass of water. The iron tea pot was very cool though.We come here for Christmas day.  The portions are huge. This place lives up to its spicy reputation even the cool dishes are hot. Best appetizers are pork belly and the world famous dum dum noodles.  Also the pea leaves. ..great atmosphere and great selection of nice beer. ..highly recommended you won't be disappointed! !I thought Han Dynasty was ok. I wasn't a big fan of the Garlic Sauce Tofu I ordered because I thought it was too soft. I ordered another dish after talking to the server, shredded potatoes. I thought that was better but would've liked them a bit crispier. Although I didn't enjoy the food that much the server was really nice and the manager came to the table to discuss the meals.  So they definitely want their customers to enjoy their meal and experience at the restaurant. II am a Chinese and I think this restaurant is even better than some Szechuan style restaurants in China. Spicy and pungent are the true Szechuan taste. Try "sliced beef and ox tongue in chili sauce" or "夫妻肺片" if you want to have a bite of real Chinese cuisine.I've been to both locations and I must say that I like this one in University City a lot more. It's more spacious, and it's brighter. Service is still ridiculously quick (not that I'm complaining). After dining in both restaurants and ordering dan dan noodles both times, I have to say that dan dan noodles is the only thing worth eating, and I gave it four stars. Yeah, the noodles are that good. Everything else on the menu is the same ol' Chinese food that you can get anywhere else for much cheaper. 
DAN DAN NOODLES FTW.I am always in the mood for Han Dynasty. We typically order every vegetarian dish on the menu and they have all been delectable.  My favorites include the crispy cucumbers (of course,) and from the veggie menu, the eggplant, the asparagus, and the pea leaves.  All are unique and perfectly cooked, not one mushy asparagus to be found at this place. 
Despite what the reviews say, everything is not super spicy, some dishes do not include spicy peppers at all.  Also, if you have dietary preferences, they alter the recipes of almost anything.  
Finally, the cocktails are ridiculously easy to drink. We ordered a Scorpion Bowl, (or two...) and realized, once we started walking home, that we couldn't feel our legs, much like if we had been bitten by an actual scorpion.  So worth it though.Dan dan noodles were awesome food was great  we also got the dry pepper shrimp cold cucumber app (so refreshing) and dumplings...the spices were on point got a seat at the bar which we didn't depend on getting but glad we were able to sneak in there would go back for sure the drinks were fabulous!It seems everyone is in love with the dan dan noodles, and I have to agree they are good. I've been here twice and had them both times. As for the other things I've tried, they were just average. The atmosphere is decent and service is fast.I'm a big fan of this place, which is my go-to for no-holds-barred Chinese dinners in University City. Two things I've noticed about the 10+ times I've eaten here: (1) it's not as spicy as people make it sound at first and (2) I usually eat too much because the food is too good.
Most of the dishes here are hot and satisfying, and served in generous portions that are good for sharing. The formula for the dishes here seems to be one meat + one spice. I'm a particular fan of the cumin-style lamb, or anything dry-fried or cooked long hot pepper-style. If you want something more saucy (instead of dry-cooked), the crispy rice style is good, and comes with bamboo shoots and various mushrooms in a creamy sauce (not spicy). For a vegetable, I'd recommend the pea-leaves with garlic (also not spicy), which is simple and a nice break from the meats. Some purists may complain that the dishes aren't 100% authentic, but they're still really delicious and tastily seasoned. They also have some creative menu items, like the spicy hot pot and tea-smoked duck in beer sauce, which sound delicious, although I haven't tried them yet. In terms of appetizers, the spicy oil wontons and cold cucumbers are usually good starters.
The best way to experience this place is to come with a large group for dinner. If you have 8 or more people, you can also opt for the tasting menu at $25-35/person, where they'll serve a variety of appetizers and dishes to your preference/spice level, in family style (shared dishes). It's best to come hungry for this, because there will be a LOT of food, and it will be good. If you pick the higher price range they will sometimes also throw in some off-menu extras, like lobster. Definitely a recommended experience.
The servers here consistently do a good job of making you feel welcome and comfortable, especially if you come in a group, and they always explain what the dishes are before bringing them out. There is also always ample tea and rice to go with whatever delicious Han-concoction you're eating.
Though it's usually a dinner place, I've come here for a quick lunch once or twice. They have smaller dishes as well as beef noodle soup, which was decent.
The ambiance is a bit like Landmark Americana crossed with a contemporary art museum, but it still looks pretty cool. Everything in the restaurant is always spick and span. They also have charging stations for your phone!I loved the place. Service was great, which is especially important here because the food is served in larger, "family but not quite family size" portions, and the food is incredibly spicy. 
Our waiter was great. 
This food is seriously spicy. I thought I liked spicy food, so I ordered an entree with a spice rating of 6. The next morning, my butthole was on fire. 
Great value. Dinner for two, with one drink, one appetizer, and two entrees was $50 with food leftover.I'm a huge fan of Han Dynasty, my favorite location being in Old City. My husband and I always order the Spicy Cucumbers (keep the bowl because the sauce tastes so good with your entree!), the Rabbit and Peanuts, and the Hot Sauce with Fish. Tonight we tried the Ma Po Tofu after reading about it in the latest issue of Lucky Peach. I'm not a huge tofu fan, but loved it. The tofu was silky but substantial and the chili flavors were complex and gave me that pleasant burn that feels like your tongue is actually cold!? Meat eaters may miss this dish because it's listed under Vegetables. Vegetarians beware because it contains meat. Han Dynasty is the only Szechuan restaurant that I know of in the city that serves Rabbit with peanuts, so order it while you can! Don't let the bones scare you. The meat is lean and tender and who doesn't like peanuts in their dishes?LISTEN TO ME HAN DYNASTY.
Never change!!
Hands down my favorite Chinese food in town. I'm vegan, and *love* the range of tofu options here - crispy fried in Dry Pepper? Omg yes. Pressed in scallion sauce? Oh yeah. Soft and slurpy in veggie mapo?!? ABSOLUTELY.
On top of the delicious food, the staff is diverse, chill, and easygoing in the way that makes it seem like Han Dynasty isn't a terrible workplace. Even more pluses for: private bro-free sports bar! They will put on your game at the bar with subtitles.
Oh and VEGGIE DAN DAN NOODLES FOREVER.I tried the green tea (which is free with every meal), the Dan Dan Noodles, the Tofu Dry Pot, and the Tofu Cumin.
Green Tea: This was good and free.  What's not to like?
Dan Dan Noodles: Stay away.  They're not good.  The dish tasted like long strands of soft rubber or hard jello that had soaked in a bad sauce.  This was my first dish, and I was afraid the whole meal was going to be just as bad.  Also, after I was finished, the waiter didn't give me a new plate, so the residue of the Dan Dan seasoned the rest of my meal.
Tofu Dry Pot: Pretty good.  It wasn't "dry," though, at least not in the usual sense of the word.  It was a little oilier than I like but still tasty.  Although the spice level is 10, it was manageable.  Another problem was -- and I've never said this before -- the dish had too much tofu.  I would have liked to have a greater proportion of vegetables.  Nonetheless, I still liked it.
Tofu Cumin: This was the star of the meal.  It was very good and appropriately filled with cumin flavor.  I would definitely order this again.  The bad part was that the tofu was fried a little too much, and (like the Tofu Dry Pot) the ratio of tofu to vegetables was off.Dandan noodles and the dumplings or wonton with the hot spicy sesame oil are a must. I love both locations, for the great service and the wonderful owner.Highly recommended! Our favorite place to dine in University City; love everything tried so far. Personal favorites are Double Cooked Syle Fish and Dan Dan Noodles. 
I recommend asking the staff about the 'real feel' of the spice level. It turns out that some dishes may not be that high on the spice scale but the flavors amplify the spiciness. e.g. the dish with pickles.Good dan dan noodle. Love this place because it is cheap. Other food is good. Not great.The food is very good in their Manayunk location( I was one time in University city locatio  and it was awful). It is full with flavor and it is pretty spicy.  I can recommend double cooked fish, cummin style beef, and dan dan noddles.I love this place! the atmosphere is nice and classy. The food is awesome, and I always have left overs for the next day. I go here with my boyfriend for date night, as well as with friends to share the big dishes and have a few drinks during happy hour.
However, the customer service could use some improvement. I say this because every time I come, there is usually a long wait for the server to come over to the table after being seated. Usually the servers are pretty nice (some are super nice and make you feel welcome) but we always feel rushed and I hate that. I don't need much attention as a customer but they usually take your order and hardly come back to ask if everything is okay (good thing the food is so delicious). One time the manager took our order because the bartender was busy and he was not pleasant at all. I am a server myself, so I know what it's like to be busy but if you come over with a smile, most customers can get over the wait.
Over all, I love this place and I am always pleased with the food, but they really need more servers or something.Don't underestimate the spice scale at Han Dynasty. It's the real deal. Speaking of deals, this is place has a legitimately good deal for University City Dining Days. 
I went with a group of friends for Han Dynasty's 3 course dining days menu. I know some people frown down on restaurant week, but portion and selection were not problems here. We received regular sized appetizer and entre portions. Our third course could either be dessert or a choice of two alcoholic beverages. I was planning on having a drink anyways so I went with the Grand Royal as my third course. Doing some quick math, it was like getting a drink for free with my dinner. 
With five in the group, it made sense to try each of the five appetizers being offered: cold sesame noodles, dumplings in chili oil, dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers and Sichuan pickled veggies. The dan dan noodles are everything people say they are, and easily were a group favorite. The cucumbers were served cold and were a very refreshing savory dish. The cold sesame noodles were also great. The pickled veggies were probably the least favorite of the selection. According to the menu, they were at spice level 10 on a 1 to 10 scale. I was ready to totally underestimate the spice scale at that point. I probably could have also walked away from the table full and gone home happy. 
Despite the vast array of appetizers ordered, each member of my party went with a variation of the Dry Pot. All but one of us went with the maximum spice level possible, and even poked fun at our friend for going with a 7. At the end of the meal, he was the only one at the table who wasn't sweating, crying or dealing with a runny nose. My dry pot chicken was extremely spicy and to be honest I probably would have enjoyed it better a notch or two down. You've been warned. It was still delicious though! 
The only thing restaurant week-esq was the service. Our server was friendly, but not really attentive. The place was by no-means packed either. We were told that there would be a gap between our appetizers and entrees but then 2 out of 5 entrees came out early. A few of us also asked for clean plates for the entrees. It was an odd time during the meal because we still were working on our appetizers but also had our entrees. One of the staff members brought me a new plate and took away my appetizer plate that I told her I was still eating off of. My husband was able to retain his until he finished shortly after. 
Having only dined at the Manayunk Han Dynasty, I was impressed by the open and lofty atmosphere. It was spacious and modern looking. 
Service aside, we really enjoyed our overall experience. And since it was Dining Days, I'm not going to hold it against them. We also learned a valuable lesson: when Han Dynasty says spicy, they mean it!Fifteen of my coworkers and I descended upon the new Han Dynasty location for lunch on the Friday before Memorial Day weekend. The place was about half-full; we only had to wait a few minutes for the servers to push some tables together for our group. We had no reservation, but they treated us like VIPs, anyway.
I was finally able to try the Dan Dan noodles because we split two bowls around the table. I would highly recommend trying that. They were happy to hold the pork from one of the bowls, for the vegetarians among us, and the noodles were quite tasty and spicy on their own. I also sampled the spicy crispy cucumbers (great), the scallion pancake (fantastic, but still not as good as my Chinese friend's dad makes them), and the lunch portion of the bok choy with a delightful chewy mushroom. It's nice that you can get most of the entrees as lunch portions for a fraction of the price at the lunch hour. I'm thrilled that we have such a fantastic Chinese option in University City!I got the cumin chicken for take out on a weekday lunch with a large order including the rest of the medical office staff.
Most of the portion was meat, with some vegetables. It was enough chicken for 2 (or maybe 1.7) meals.
Having been in the Sichuan province and eating a lot there, I feel this is pretty Szechuan authentic mã là flavor. So take your acid reflux pill beforehand if you need to, which I forgot to do.
Seems you can't go wrong with this place. The clinic I was working at that day seems to order it extremely often. It is definitely a local favorite.By far my favourite chinese restaurant. This gem of a restaurant was recommended by a friend about two years ago and since then I've been going here at least twice a month (sometimes even 4 times). 
Since my tolerance for spice levels is on the higher side-I usually get dishes at between 7 and 9 (and the dry pepper style chicken at a whooping 10) so my mouth is almost always on fire, but it's absolutely worth it. 
Favourite Appetisers-dumplings in chilli oil. Favourite Entrees-chicken in hot sauce style, eggplant in garlic sauce, dry pepper chicken. I also recently tried a pork dish with celery-and it was pretty delicious. Also worth trying are the three cup chicken, fried chinese cabbage, and cumin lamb. 
I dont usually eat the generic Kung pao's and General Tso's at chinese restaurants-especially here--because this place has SO much more to offer and it's so much more delicious!!!Finally some great Szechuan food.  They know how to make things hot and spicy, yet they leave it entirely in your hands--you get to pick the sizzle on a 1-10 scale.  Very friendly service and now they have outside tables.I went to this location after I watched movie after the cinema located in university city.
I know it's a chain restaurant in the city and I have always wanted to try it out.
We ordered dan-dan noodles and making bean noodles both are pretty soggy..the taste was awesome especially the dan-dan noodles with the peanut sauce..but next time I order it I have to ask for less cooked noodles as I prefer my noodles al dente.
The garlic pork tastes good also it has a hint of spiciness but not too much.
I am going to try the other locations too!While Han in Olde City is an eccentric, bossy, know-it-all kinda host. Catherina in University City is the most friendly, welcoming hostess you could find in any restaurants. Han Dynasty in UCity is definitely better than the original since it's a lot loftier with free parking, a nice bar area, a higher end venue altogether. It always have space to accommodate a large party like my friends and I. The staff here is way more professional. Instead of giving off that "you're lucky to dine here" vibe, they give you a sense that they really want you to be there. 
My favorite dish is still the double cook fish, the sesame noodle, beef and tripe in chili oil and pork belly in garlic sauce, but they have an UCity specific special menu with special items. During Chinese new year, they had a special special menu with stir-fried razor clams shaped like a peacock that was superb. Fried Taiwanese sausage is sweet and unlike the traditional Chinese sausages I had. Three cup chicken is also sweet little chunks of delights.
With such a welcoming crew, no wonder Han Dynasty is expanding and opening up more and more stores catering to people who wants to add more spice in their life. One of them just happens to be Jose Garces. I spotted him and his family dining the other night and I was star struck only to be too chicken s#*t and too polite to disrupt a family dinner to get my pictures taken with him. But if the Iron Chef comes here for his kick, it must be good, right?One of the two best chinese food meals I've ever had. Our party of four got three mains - a cumin style, a hot sauce style, and a garlic sauce style. The cumin was the tastiest, but spicy! The hot sauce style was littered with szechuan peppercorns, which I'd never really had much of before, and which are a blast. The numbing sensation is the perfect antidote to the extreme heat. The garlic sauce style was the closest to what I think of as "chinese" food, but so elevated, so good!
The service was spotty, but it's still the soft open. The food is what it's all about, and it's top notch.Simply perfection.. 3rd time at this location and it is as advertised!! The chili oil wonton is addictive! The twice cooked chicken and leeks, outstanding! The ice cream.. Great touch! Try for yourself!I love this place so much! The food is so fresh and delicious- and cheap! The portion sizes are generous enough to be shared by several people...but when my husband and I go, we always each order a dish so that we have plenty of left overs.
The service there is also very fast and friendly. We have always had great, efficient service.
Also, it's BYOB, which never hurts!The food is fantastic, the service isn't.
I go there once every 2 weeks since they opened. The dam dam noodles are to die for. Basically, I have never had Chinese food as good as here.
The service is slow, rude and inattentive. The fact that the place is becoming more and more popular is not helping. The young lady behind the counter has a bad attitude and the older woman s just too slow and sloppy.
Go there for the food but don't expect efficiency.3.5 stars! Service is friendly here! (better than the old city site).
Dan dan noodles kick butt! Delicious, spicy, and can't get enough.
Spicy Cucumbers are amazing. SO crunchy and spicy
Dry pots are good, but didn't wow me.
Dry pepper style chicken is awesome! Crunchy moist chicken :)
Salt N Pepper shirmp was delicious!
Nice place in manayunk. Great good. BYO:)My opinion...food and service was horrible. I'm very surprised this place has such a high rating??
Service is one of the worst restaurants I have been to, staff barely acknowledges you when entering, when they do greet you its insincere, took another tables order before mine even though I had been sitting 5 min before they entered. 
Ok, so service I can get over if the food is good enough, well man was I let down, dumpling were soooo sorry I wish I would have taken a picture...there was next to NO filling and all dough (they should be embarrassed to serve that to anyone), the rest of the food Chili Sauce Chicken was OILY and OVERSEASONED, I can cook chicken in oil and put chili flakes overtop and call it Chili Sauce Chicken...WoW just sad! 
Only good thing about this place was BYOB...good thing I had Coronas to wash out the taste from my mouth...this place need to go on Restaurant Impossible.  
Side note...I was told the Old city location is betterCNN approved? should've been a warning sign.  slow service, disorganized, short-staffed, can't even talk about the food b/c we never got our order!I tried this place out again, when our other plans fell through. I must applaud them for fitting us in on a busy night (New Years Eve) and we didn't have a reservation but that's all I will applaud them for.
I tried the mung bean noodles this time, thinking that maybe it was what I had before. While the dish was good, albeit salty, it's the after effects that make me never want to go back.
When I got dressed that evening, my dress was a bit big on me. I'm a small person. It was loose, which isn't abnormal. I can wear kids clothes. 
When I got to the bar we were going to after, my entire body had swelled to the point of no return for that night. My dress was tight and I felt disgusting. I couldn't move. Did I eat too much? No. I didn't eat my entire meal either. I never eat it all in one sitting. I actually ended up going home early and my New Year's Eve was ruined. The only plus was that my entire meal cost me just $10.
I bet the meal would taste just as good with half the salt. Ease up in the kitchen back there. No need to cause hypertension!The dan dan noodles are ridiculous. The spicy crispy cucumbers are also amazing - I need to figure out how to make cucumbers taste this good. I've tried a bunch of their main dishes and I always end up picking around the meat because it grosses me out for some reason. Also, the service is not always the best. When you walk in sometimes it's awkward because no one greets you and you are kind of just standing there in the middle of the dining room. But the dan dan noodles literally make up for anything negative I could say about this place.Loved the food!  
Needs a better bathroom. Fix it up. 
Service a bit lax at lunch. 
Crispy rice shrimp. Gonna come back.Went here last night and it was a great experience. They were packed but were able to get us a table for four within 5 minutes. It was a little awkward setup, but worked out fine and we were happy to not have to wait long. We ordered a lot and loved all of the food. Dan Dan noodles, pork belly, won ton soup, chicken garlic sauce, Kung pao...etc. all good. It's great for a family style meal with friends too...order a bunch and try it all. Also, they are great about food allergies and made my orders gluten free. Love that is a byob! Would def recommend and will go back.Not bad for being one of the top Chinese restaurants CNN approved of. We came on a Friday night with no reservations and happen to be manayunk's restaurant week. The wait was only about 20 minutes so we opted to stay and wait. When we finally got seated servers seemed busy and confused that they forgot to hand us and the couple next to us who just got seated our menus but that wasn't a big deal we just waved them down. We got the restaurant week menu and a couple other choices off the regular menu. Everything was largely portioned. We would of been just fine sharing one order of everything off the restaurant week menu. But everything ended up being delicious and leftover take homes was a must! Their Dan Dan noodles I believed was served with pork at the top but I got to try some of that without and they def lived up to their hype.  Bok Choy with mushrooms was def awesome as well!Enjoy this place every time I go. They seem vice freshly brewed jasmine tea prior to receiving your entree.  They are truly accommodating for vegetarians.  Will definitely return.Best Asian food in Philadelphia. The way spicy Szechuan should be prepared.  The only downsides are that it's BYOB and they get super busy sometimes and try to squeeze too many tables in. But if you plan ahead, you will be fine.Han Dynasty is becoming a legend around these parts. It's easy to understand why once you try the food. If you are expecting oranage chicken or sweet and sour pork, this is not the place for you. 
I've been to Han Dynasty several times and I've tried a lot of things on the menu. My favorites are listed below:
Dan Dan Noodles - In my opinion, this is what the restaurant is known for. The flavor and texture of the dish is tremendous.
Cumin Style meat - I've had cumin style with pork and lamb. The flavor is heavy on cumin but not over powering. The dish is about medium heat level and very flavorful.
Garlic Eggplant - Without a doubt the best vegetable dish I have eaten...anywhere. I don't know what they do to this dish, but the flavor is insanely delicious. The texture of the eggplant is very soft and almost melts in your mouth. This is my favorite dish at Han Dynasty.
I love this place because it is so unique. When I come to Han Dynasty I feel like I've been trasported to the Szechuan region of China. The entire experience is spectacular.Their stuff is so authentic, we love it. 川味涼粉 ,水煮牛, 乾扁四季豆 etc etc.... they are the best 還有台灣香腸Great. Simply great. Some of my favorites:
Double cooked pork belly
Dry pot fish
Chili oil dumplings
I've been to this place over 10 times and it never disappoints. I've been to three different locations and this is my favorite. It's byob. Food is spicy and delicious. They have stuff for people who don't like spicy food too, just not as much. If you like spicy, you will be in heaven.Not sure why there's a Han Dynasty in Manayunk, but I wasn't complaining when I lived there.  I definitely appreciate having a Han Dynasty close by and not having to drive to University City for it every time.  Because it's on Main Street, it's an ideal choice for dinner if you're out for a night on the town.  
You can get all your Han Dynasty favorites at this location such as the twice cooked pork and dandan noodles.  If it's your first time at a Han Dynasty, then definitely try those two.  
The UC location might have the edge over this location on looks and atmosphere, but that's forgivable imo because the food is still really good.  
4.5 stars while the UC HD gets a solid 5 stars, but I'll round up here anyway.I've been here a few times now, and the food is consistently fresh and flavorful, with moderate prices and reliably attentive service. Now they've really won me over, because I accidentally left my credit card there last week and just got it back safely! My only complaint is that it gets really loud when it's crowded, and can be hard to hear your friends across some of the bigger tables. The dining room can also get stuffy in summertime.This place gets a lot of hype and it lives up to it.  I was here with a group of 8 for a family members birthday.  We decided to go with the tasting menu.
The chef did a great job of mixing it up so we could try a little bit of everything the menu has to offer.  The food came out quickly and was delicious.
A few people have knocked the service but I did not experience this.  The waiter was very good about clearing plates in a timely matter and keeping water glasses filled.
I really enjoyed this place and look forward to visiting again.After being in Philadelphia for several years and trying the other sichuan places (Dan Dan, Jane Gs) this is still my favorite. They are all good, but the intense blend of sichuan peppercorn, garlic, sugar, MSG - give me it all - Han Dynasty nails it every time. I've been to all the locations, but still prefer the Manayunk one. My recommendations (though I've never been let down...):
-noodles in chili oil or dan dan
-beef tendon in chili oil
-twice cooked pork or fish (the fish is super crispy especially if you eat in the restaurant)
-pea leavesWe came in with a stroller and were made to feel very unwelcome. First the employee/waiter asked if the stroller folded up. We said yes. We asked if they had a high chair and he said yes, so we thought great problem solved. Then he showed us to a table that had plenty of room to slide a stroller next to it without impacting traffic patterns in the restaurant, and he said he could not give us a high chair despite the fact that he had just said he had one. We asked to park the stroller in the empty space instead, and he said we couldn't do that because he expected the restaurant to get busy. It was only about 20% full at 6:30 pm on a weeknight. Even if the restaurant were busy, the stroller would not be a problem, I thought. His general demeanor and unkind face made it clear he wanted us to leave and was going to continue to come up with excuses to kick us out. We left and took our business down the street to Winnie's where we felt incredibly welcome. We won't return to Han Dynasty.Packed on a Saturday night. Still had to wait even though we had reservations. No room to stand while waiting. Food came out somewhat slowly. Better take your antacids before coming here. These dishes pack heat! The szechuan type of spicy is one that has the power to enhance Asian dishes rather than mask the flavors of the individual meats and vegetables. 
- Wontons in chili oil: Wonton skins were on the soggy side. Too much oil.
- Chicken dry pepper style: Nicely fried texture on the chicken. Tender on the interior. The chili peppers add crunch and partner well with the chicken. 
- Shrimp hot sauce style: Actually thought this was spicier than the dry pepper style. The shrimp were juicy and a decent size. Enjoyed the combination of cabbage and celery as well. Expected the sauce to be much thicker though. 
A plus that it's BYOB. The old city location is still my favorite =)Came here twice.  My first 2 Han Dynasty experiences.  Just not that good.  Really fairly average Chinese food.  Nothing exciting to say.  Wouldn't return.I will absolutely be back to Han Dynasty as much as humanly possible. I went with a group of 7 and it could not have been more fun. We had reservations and the table they gave us had a spinning try in the middle so we could easily share food and keep refilling our glasses of wine. It was great that this place was BYOB and they were so accommodating trying to make sure we had the best experience with the wine we bought- they brought us glasses and an ice bucket for one of the bottles. As for the food? Hands down best Chinese food I've ever had- it was nothing like the takeout-type I'm used to having. At one point one of the managers, Mark, stopped by just to check in on how things were going and he could not have been nicer- I appreciated the attention to detail the staff took. 
And at no point did they rush us out of the restaurant when they were closing. I felt bad that we were still finishing our food and wine but I appreciated that they allowed us to finish in our own time. 
I had a really great experience all around and I would recommend Han Dynasty to anyone in the area. Thanks again to the staff at Han Dynasty for a really great nightLet's talk about this experience this evening. Not only was it a great place to eat but a great atmosphere of happy people. 
    Service was stellar and probably because of the managements commitment to the product they produce. Everything that we had recommended to us was fantastic with a flavor profile out of this continent. Something you will not typically find a chinese food restaurant and I am glad I found it at this one. Hats off for a great meal. 
     Food came out fast and was always hot with the perfect spice profile for our needs. Yet again I can not stress the don don noodles and dumplings in chili oil. What a flavor profile and a excellent bit. 
Cheers to who ever is whipping up the food. Great pair with the black ipa from sierra nevada or for wine drinkers a great compliment to a italian tuscan blend.My gf and I came in on a night where I'd been drinking too much and required some serious sobering up before I was ready to go home.  Thankfully we stumbled (literally) into the recently opened Han Dynasty, a beacon of light on the Main Street walk.
I've already eaten at the Chestnut St and Exton locations, so I knew the food was already going to be amazing -- deliciously warm and spicy dan dan noodles and a side scallion pancake were the items for the night, while gf ordered a chicken lo mein (go easy, she's not used to authentic spicy food yet).
Service was a bit off, but it was still super packed when we came into the restaurant so it wasn't totally unexpected.  The space is more open and airy than the other two HD's I've been to, which makes for a comfy eating environment.  Can't wait to come back here again for more great food, whether I'm sober or not!Last night, I checked out a highly rated place by Yelpers only to find I did not agree with them.  Today, I am happy to agee with the majority of Yelpers as I came here for lunch today.
Han Dynasty occupies a place that has gone through several Chinese tenants (I reviewed the previous tenant, Beijing Homestyle) and so, the place carries a curse of doomed Chinese restaurants to even this fellow spiritual skeptic. So, the Yelp reviews were not enough to persuade me.
Once I ordered and ate, I am happy to say I agree with them.  This is not the place to go if you want your typical take-out Chinese stuff. (Although, there is an section in the menu called Baby Adults for more typical stuff as fried rice).   So, go to your local take out in you want traditional Chinese.  But for those who are adventurous, the cuisines are unorthodox but made with a lot of detail to ingredients and spices.  In other words, this is not food just thrown in the stir-fry, they take their time to make an authentic but mouth-watering experience. Stuff can be very spicy, but they do warn you about spices as they have a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 least spiciest and 10 most spiciest. The scale is very accurate. I had a dumplings appetizer which rated a 4 and did require an extra class of water to wash down.
Given the good reviews and the many people that are coming here, this may be the place that finally breaks the curse of failed Chinese restaurants.Finally got the chance to try this place out after hearing it's the best Chinese place in Philly! We came with a group of 9 and ordered family style. The dandan noodles alone give this place 5 stars. The noodles were so delicious, oh my gosh! Drooling. I want some right now. Other items we ordered included a beef soup, wonton soup, crispy rice, dry pepper chicken, an eggplant dish, green beans with garlic and minced pork, and cumin lamb. Everything was pretty good! Some dishes were a little too greasy but still tasted delicious. The service was good except for a little mishap that happened. My boyfriend asked for black pepper, and our waiter didn't understand what he was asking for and told us they didn't have black pepper, which we all know is not true. Good thing my boyfriend speaks mandarin because they were able to finally understand what he was asking for and brought over some black pepper. I love that they have another location in University City, which is a lot closer to me. Will definitely be coming back to get the dandan noodles!Hold onto your hat, it's about to get spicy! Han Dynasty has delicious food - some of the best Szechuan I've had. Each dish can be catered to the spice factor of your choice. If you are a meat eater, the Pork Belly in Garlic sauce is amazing, unlike anything I've tasted before, it's a must order here. The Dan Dan noodles were also delicious, esp. if you like spicy. There is a full bar and although we enjoyed ourselves as a group, there is also a nice bar section where you could come for a quick meal or a drink. Great, spacious, convenient space with tons of natural light and modern design. Mix of young college students and city folks. Yum!A slight downgrade after a few visits that, while providing good food, suffered from service that was basically absent.  Tea without sugar?  Drinks without straws?  No check-back?  Disinterested waiter who took a text while taking our order?  Take away containers provided?  Soy provided?  I asked about the specials and the waiter pointed in the general direction of a few signs that could not be read from my table.  
The service is among the worst I've ever experienced.  It's worse than bad it is completely indifferent.  They don't care.  At all.Excellent example of Szechwan cooking. We just moved here and have already been to this location multiple times. There isn't a dish that isn't excellent, but some of my favorites include the spicy cucumbers, dan dan noodles, spicy pork belly, dry pot pork, and the Hunan beef. Don't expect super high level service here, but the servers keep the food coming and are more than happy to help you out if you wave them over. BYOB too so bring some wine along with you. Chinese food is notoriously tough to pair with wine but grab yourself a bottle of dry Mosel Riesling or an Alsatian white and you will be all set. No corkage fee!I like it. Open until late and waiters are nice. Food is good. It is one of the most famous Chinese restaurant in Philly!Perfectly average and since it was a Saturday, the price is bid up.  Black bean chicken was Ok. Hot.  Ample.  Nothing special.I have been hearing people rave about Han Dynasty for quite some time, but truth be told, I'd been very skeptical after having a very unimpressive meal at the owner's Exton location a few years back.  So to my own detriment, I've been avoiding Han Dynasty.  Big mistake.
If you can handle the heat, it might be the best Chinese you will ever come across.  The dumplings in spicy oil are a spectacular of savory and spicy (though I kind of wish there was slightly more filling.  The dan dan noodles are sublime -- noodles are cooked perfectly and the sauce has a depth of flavor and umami that you wouldn't expect from a noodle dish.  The cumin style and hot sauce style dishes were spicier and didn't have quite the depth of flavor as the first two dishes, but you can really tell the dishes were prepared by a well trained chef -- their technique was excellent, evenly spiced, good sear without being overcooked, not oversauced.It kills me to write this review, especially because I've had some many good experiences at Han Dynasty on Penn's campus, but my last visit here was really underwhelming. 
We arrived at about 8pm on a Wednesday night, and there were several open tables when we got there. We stood around waiting for a little bit until someone came out at the back and gestured over a handful of tables, signifying "sit wherever you want." 
We picked a table and the waiter came over to open our beer--this location is BYOB, which is nice. We looked over the menu for awhile, and I asked how the tea-smoked duck was. He shook his head and said "I don't like it." Uh, well if this guy is supposed to be selling dishes and he says it's no good, I will trust him, I guess. So we ordered the pork belly in garlic sauce to start, followed by the spicy beef soup, and then the waiter's recommendation, the dry fried chicken. 
The best part of the meal was the pork belly. It was really delicious. I liked the beef noodle soup, too. It was a huge bowl full of dan dan noodles in a spicy broth with chunks of tender braised beef. You could really taste the cilantro too. My only critique is that it's a little oily. The dry fried chicken was not great. It was super salty and the majority of the dish is comprised of inedible, ornamental hot peppers. At something like $12, it's not a great value and wasn't that tasty. I mostly filled up on the pork belly. 
The main problem was that I spent nearly the entirety of a spicy meal attempting to get my water glass filled. If you're going to serve spicy food, you had better be filling people's glasses. I managed to get it filled once toward the end of the meal and another time by waving my hands in the air before we left. Our waiter seemed to disappear for long periods of time.
As we were paying, I told the waiter that I loved the pork belly. He said, "I don't like that either." I told him, "I should have gotten the duck. Next time I'm saying to bring me whatever you don't like!" We all laughed about it. 
The thing that I think drove down this review from 3 to 2* is that they were literally dragging sacks of trash through the dining room while people were eating to put them out on the curb. At point point they also started turning off the lights in the dining room, around 8:50 or so. I know you close at 9 and want to go home, but poor form is poor form. 
Would I go back here? Probably. I think they hired a very young, inexperienced waiter. Would I think twice about prioritizing this place above the array of other great places on Main St? Definitely.They are really trying to improve their customer service! I went in today to order takeout and the manager gave me a $10 credit for a mix-up that happened the last time I ordered take out. Not to mention the dumplings with chili oil were yummyFood is great.  Customer service is most often excellent.  Made the mistake of upping the number of hotness on my Dan Dan Noodles to a 9, and holy shit, they were to spicy even for me.  My own fault though.  The only problem I have is when I try to get take out when they are busy, which is all the time.  Don't wait for someone to recognize you and ask what you need.  You have to jam yourself between the two large circle tables and then shoot fireworks off to get someones attentions.  They need a better system for walk-up orders.I was born in Hong Kong and lived there for 10 years, and Han Dynasty is the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. Now you're confused by my 3-star rating...
Do yourself a favor and just go to the one on Chestnut...I went there 2 weeks before this one, and they set the standard so high, and it was impossible to match. Food here was good, but not enough to cause a foodgasm like the other one did. 
The restaurant is also severely understaffed..they had 2 people working the front to cover for ~40 people. It took 15 minutes to take a seat (only after I went up to the manager and asked if we can sit ourselves because we were tired of standing and not even be greeted). It was just a huge clusterfuck honestly...maybe it was a bad night or something haha. 
If you still want to come this location, then at least get the noodles with spicy chili sauce and the dan dan noodles (2 best items on the entire menu). But if I'm going to pay a premium for food, I would hope to get good service as well. 
It's BYOB doe ;)Update: the more we (hubs or friends or hubs and friends and I) go, the less we like. I don't know if it's just us, but.....are the sauces of every dish starting to taste the exact same?? And, is it just us or do you too walk out a puffy fish from the massive overload of salt consumption?? It's NOT just from overeating, I swear!  
And, If they're getting so much love and hooplah, they've REALLY got to work on getting some servers who understand English and even better...your order, AND,  and...a touch of  some atmosphere would be nice.My favorite food is Asian food...meaning, I've had my fair share of Asian food. Han Dynasty is a place I keep coming back, it literally that friggin good. I was semi nervous to come here with my girlfriends since Han Dynasty is family style and I was the only vegetarian--but our server was super accommodating and it was v easy to make dishes veg friendly. Always a huge plus!
Some of my favorite dishes -- all of which are and/or can come vegetarian
- Dan Dan Noodles (duh) with pork on the side
- Bok choy in garlic sauce 
- Kung Pao Shrimp - so many veggies in this. That and the sauce alone would make a great dish
- Cold Noodles in Chili Oil
The best part about this whole meal was we got soo much food (I just did a flywheel class, so I wanted all the carbs) and when split, we only paid $20 each! I was truly shook. 
Minus 1 star for telling us 10 minute wait, when we waited close to 50 minutes. Otherwise, a great place to come with friends and eat all the foods!One the best places to get Chinese food in Manyunk. The pricing is not bad and food is great. The people who work there are very polite. There is a bit of waiting during weekends but which good place doesn't. Definitely try the chicken or beef dishes with rice. All in all great place.I was super excited to have dinner at Han and since there was four of us, we ordered quite a few dishes.   3 stars because the waiter didn't understand English...why would you have someone take your order who can barely speak, let alone understand English.  The few things we asked for, he got them wrong because he didn't understand.  
The dumplings had no meat in them which was super disappointing, you're better off getting dumplings from all the cheap to go Chinese take outs.  On the positive side the dan dan noodles were so so good, I wanted to get another order to go and the cucumber in chili oil is quite tasty as well.We went on a Saturday and got seated right away. Service was friendly and knowledgable and Jasmine tea is served as soon as you sit. We started with the wontons which were definitely good but not something that would specifically bring me back to the restaurant. Unfortunately the rest of the meal went the same way. Pretty good but not wowed. My biggest disappointment was the 3 cup chicken which I had recommended to my boyfriend. I'd ordered it many times before in the main line location and it was always delicious. Here the flavor was ok but the consistency of the chicken was mushy and kind of gross. 
I'll definitely give this place another shot, but I'm a bit disappointed.Best Chinese food I have ever had. Came here for lunch with my other half after an exhausting half day of moving into the neighborhood. Was greeted cheerfully and enthusiastically by our waiter who was so excited for us when he found out it was our first time at Han Dynasty that he started raving about the authenticity of the food here and the way in which it gets prepared. These days, it is so refreshing and rare to hear wait staff truly and really love the food they serve. What a fantastic guy. He definitely made our experience even better. We took his advice and ordered the Dan Dan noodles to start. Holy crap, these were SO Good. Words could never do them justice- just get them! 
For lunch, we ended up ordering the hot sauce style chicken (stir fried with cabbage, garlic, and celery in an authentic Sichuan chili oil hot sauce; spice factor 7/10) and the garlic sauce style chicken  (Sweet, sour, and spicy-stir fried with ginger, garlic, bamboo, 
wood ear mushrooms, and bell peppers; we asked for the spice factor to be raised to a 5/10). The hot sauce style entree was good but I found the sauce consistency to be much too thin for my liking and the sauce to sort of hit one flat note-SPICY- likely because of its Sichuan chili oil base. Nonetheless, still great flavor and true to its name/description. The garlic sauce stir fry really stole the show. Extremely well-balanced in flavors. We loved how the sauce adhered to the chicken and veggies. SO GOOD. 
Side note: The dishes are served family style so share so you get a varied and eclectic host of flavors! 
Truly unlike any other Chinese food experience I have ever had. I cannot wait to bring my friends from out of town here. Plus, they are byob! Come here!The best Chinese I've had in such. a. long. time. We've been twice to the Manayunk location and had a fantastic experience both times. Our second time was with a party of 11 and we had the tasting menu, we got to sample about 12 different dishes and they were all delish. If you like authentic Chinese, go.If I could give no stars that would be my review. Sadly my hubbie and I were told we HAD to try this place - they have the best food - you'll love it. We wished we hadn't listened. I am rating this solely on the food as we ordered take-out after reading reviews of how poor service was at this place. I had some inkling looking at the menu that this place might not be all that since two-thirds of the menu is basically something in chili oil...but we went ahead anyway. I ordered pork belly in garlic sauce, spring rolls and crispy rice chicken. All were terrible. The pork belly was a gross gray color, well when the day glow orange chili oil with garlic slithered off of it. I have had pork belly before and this wasn't even up to amateur standards. The spring rolls with dense and chewy not crispy at all and frankly tasted like stale dough. Still I was willing to go ahead with the crispy rice chicken as the little accompanying rice cakes seemed interesting but I should have known. The sauce was an oily brown mess that tasted just sweet - nothing else. The chicken and mushrooms were sad over soggy things held lifeless in the sauce. No flavor or texture except for the rice cakes which makes me think that sauce was probably made hours earlier and just sits in a vat by the wok all day. My husband ordered the crispy cucumbers which were warm, not crispy and swimming in a ridiculous amount of AGAIN day glow chili oil. He also had the Dan Dan noodles which had absolutely no taste and were gummy and mushy. Finally he also had the shredded ginger duck which wasn't shredded and looked an unappetizing grayish color. But he forged ahead and just added the duck into the noodles for some sort of flavor but there was none to be had. I understand that good Chinese food is hard to come by if you don't want to travel into the city but this food was some of the worst we've ever had. I'm glad we skipped the restaurant part because I would have probably lost my mind wasting a night out without the kids on this awful stuff!With all the business lunches I go to Manayunk, I was a little surprised Han Dynasty never came up, especially with its stellar reputation. I think I figured out why on my first biz lunch trip there today.
1) The dishes are served family style. I'd hardly consider a business associate that I'm meeting for the first time to be family, and it makes dish selection challenging. I'd even have trouble selecting dishes with my own family and close friends. 
2) Spice levels are another consideration in a group dining setting. My spice level would make some run for a glass of milk to cool their tongue. As I'm more of the rarity then the norm, the less spicy options won out.
3) There's also the mess factor. Twirling away with the chopsticks isn't exactly my first nature, and trying to be overly polite and proper without getting (too much) sauce in my lap wasn't something I had prepared to do gracefully.
With all three members of my party being Han Dynasty first timers, we relied on our server for portion and dish recommendations; with the exception of the Dan Dan noodles, which I was not leaving until I tried. Our server steered us towards the appropriate number of dishes and a good selection of customer favorites.
With all that being said, I still enjoyed our dishes which included the Dan Dan noodles and lunch portions of the garlic chicken, black bean style fish and pork belly. The lunch menu is not listed online but I believe the pork belly was prepared double cooked style with leeks, hot peppers and fermented black beans, and chili oil. Everything was delicious and flavored in its own unique way. I just wish I was really able to dive into the experience.
I would have preferred to customize my spice level and indulge in a non business setting, but I learned my lesson the hardway. I'll be back to Han Dynasty to dine at my own leisure.The preparation of their food is horrible. Although the taste I'd phenomenal,  I wouldn't recommend it!I have been eating at Han Dynasty for years (University City and Old City) and always order the dan dan noodles and wonton soup. I placed an order to-go from this location and the noodles were flavorless and oily!  They did not have any heat or the same creamy sesame paste texture/taste.  I called restaurant to let them know and all they said was "sorry".  Will never go back to this location again!!!I used to love this place.  Went here a couple of days ago with a couple of friends, ordered Dan Dan noodles,  dry pepper chicken  and long hot pepper beef.  The Dan Dan noodles was great,  the other dishes were OK.  The problem was the portion sizes,  they were just abysmally small .  I go to other han locations and they all serve good portions unlike this main street branch.  The service is also nothing to write home about. I will still give it three stars, just because I like the food at han. They definitely need to look into their portion sizes.Hands down the best Chinese food for miles....with very authentic flavors and recipes.
But still a little bit off. The restaurant was very crowded for a Saturday dinner (with a confusing and disorganized procedure for getting a table) but not crowded at all on a Sunday early afternoon. 
Even though the flavors were great, something was lacking in the craft... like whoever put everything together didn't quite know the proper way to do it, maybe wasn't really trained in this kind of cooking but was just handed a great recipe with great ingredients?. It still tasted really good though. The one thing I'm confused about is that the "double-cooked" style dishes taste kind of like buffalo wings - which I actually really enjoyed, but based on the "double-cooked" dishes I've had at other restaurants, that's not quite how it's supposed to taste....The food is great. No frills, affordable, and always consistent. Dry pepper style chicken is my go to.My wife and I went to Han last night for dinner and brought a bottle of wine. We asked for an ice bucket for our wine and we're told that they no longer supply ice or a bucket and that this was a decision that Han had made. We immediately left and went across the street to Chabaa Thai Bristro where they did provide an ice bucket and we had a wonderful dinner. Han, what are you thinking? The quality of your food and service has been on a decline for some time and I guess you just don't care.  It's a tragedy,  we once we're your biggest supporters and recommended Han to many people, very disappointed with what has happened. Good luck, Han - - it was fun while it lasted, you took your eye off the ball.We loved this place. My husband has never had "real" Chinese food and was reluctant to try it. He fell in love with it and keeps asking to go back. The dan dan noodles were fab. The garlic chicken was great as well. I like how it is family style so that you can try different thingsFirst off, let me say the food was excellent.  However, that is it.
I have been to this place 3 times.  The first time, we waited at the host stand for 15 minutes, on a non busy night, waiting to be seated.  We eventually left to go elsewhere.  The second time, we had great food, and service was just ok.  Didn't know who our waiter was, but it was a decent meal.  The host/manager is a rude and mean.  
The third time was HORRIFIC.  We had reservation for 6 people, however they gave our table away to 2 people, without a good reason.  We waited 30 minutes.  Next, they brought out some appetizers we didn't order, and we thought it was a nice gesture to make up for the bad start.  Later we find out it was meant for the original two people, and they tried to charge us for their mistake.  It took another 30 minutes to get a waiter to take our order, and we couldn't get 6 wine glasses as well.  they got our order wrong, and tried to give us the check while still eating.  Then they tried to give us the check again, before they brought the cake we brought with us for a birthday.  We ended up taking the cake back to our house.    
That is just the basic story.  There were 10x more issues with the dinner, but just wanted to give the basic run down.  Again, the food is absolutely excellent, but the service is the worst I have ever seen.  The host/manager is THE WORST ever.  Rude, mean, condescending.... she should not be in the service industry.I've been here for dinner twice, and since the restaurant already has 280 Yelp reviews that accurately depict the dining experience, I'll keep my summation brief:
Pros
-Great cuisine. The best dan-dan noodles I've ever consumed. And I particularly love that you can custom request the level of spice for nearly every dish on the menu. 
-BYOB
-Good value when you consider the portion sizes for what you pay. 
Cons
-Service is lackluster. On more than one occasion, I had to stand up and motion to the server to get her attention.
-No waiting area to speak of. As other Yelpers have alluded, it's incredibly awkward to stand in the dining area as you wait to be seated. Kinda dampens the mood before you even sit down.I was introduced to Han Dynasty at the Chestnut street location but came to this location shortly after it opened since I live closer to this one. In terms of quality, I cannot tell the difference between the locations - They will both knock your socks off. I've ordered 60% of the items on the menu within the past year or so and I would give each one 5 stars. This place rocks.This might have been my fourth visit to Han Dyansty. Second to the Manayunk location. All four times I get the Dan Dan Noodles and always enjoy it. I must say, however that this time they barely registered as spicy even though they're rated a 6 on the Han Dynasty Scale. I think 2 was more like it. Anyway, came here for a special dinner with my wife. Really wasn't disappointed overall, as I had read other reviews about the sometimes excessive noise levels. We arrived a little after 7pm on a Saturday night and were quite lucky to get one of the only clear tables for 2 right at the window. Essentially no wait. Service was good initially and the noise wasn't too bad but unfortunately both took a turn for the worse. My entree came out first along with my appetizer and what seemed like 10 minutes later my wife's entree came out. She got the Home Style Tofu, I ordered Dan Dan Noodles of course and some fried dumplings. Hers was quite good, no complaints. My noodles were barely spicy but delicious none-the-less. My wife pronounced them "meaty", but then she's a vegetarian. :-)  Should have ordered the Dumplings in Chili Oil as mine were a bit dry (should I be surprised that fried dumplings are dry?). Then unfortunately, a large group of obviously buzzed, boisterous and self-absorbed people came in. Some of them were literally shouting at times. Nice. Oh well, we were a bit rushed as we were trying to make a movie (our fault), but got a check quickly as well as some take-out containers to put our leftovers in. All in all, not bad for a Saturday night in Manayunk and I will continue to go for their food. I may have to specifically ask that the noodles are worthy of a 6 next time, even without the correct spice level they are still delicious. Lots of other dishes I'd like to try too.Best Chinese food we've ever had.  The waiter wouldn't let us modify any dishes because he said they wouldn't come out right...I love a purist!  Their wonton soup was the best our family has ever had...we're keeping this place in mind the next time we're in the area!I seriously can't eat "American" chinese food after eating here. This place is AMAZING! I just recently had my graduation dinner here with around 10 people and every single one couldn't stop raving about how good the food was! Best things to order: Dan dan noodles, Spicy cucumbers, Crispy rice style chicken, fried pepper style chicken .. and seriously just about anything else on the menu! Too good!This place is AMAZING!!! I crave it all the time. The layers of flavor are out of this world. They have a lot of very spicy things and then a handful of not spicy. My favorite is the dry fry pork. Byob and great prices for the quality of food. It gets packed on the weekends and they don't do too well with reservation. Go! Go! Go!Ate here twice in the past month even though I live in Ocean County, NJ. Why? This is the best Chinese restaurant outside of NYC's Chinatown. They specialize in the spicier dishes but they can be customized to your comfort level. Dan dan noodles, the pork belly dishes, ma po tofu, sauteed pea leaves, bok choy... all hits, no misses. The only thing I hate is that I live so far away. Highly recommended.
Check out their website.This spot is great. I honestly haven't explored their menu too much, as I'm obsessed with their pea leaves and their eggplant, and order that most of the time. However, the friends that I've visited with have ordered more creatively have also thoroughly enjoyed.
What I like - 
*Food Allergies - They are extremely accommodating of allergies, intolerances, and the like.
*Children - This spot is great for bringing kids to lunch. The food is just so fast.
*The staff - Everyone from the management to the waiters are so welcoming and cool.
I'm surprised by the reviews stating that lunch at this location is great, but not dinner. I've been here at least 3 times for dinner and have had quick and delicious experiences each time.I've been exploring han's dynasty and here are my preliminary rankings (1 is best)
1. Exton
2. Old City
3. Manayunk
4. University City
Coming in at 3, the Dan Dan noodle sauce is thin and weak in flavor, and the dry pot was quite wet.Food is awesome! Service, not so much. I've been there the past 2 Mondays and the food was on point, but the service was really slow. 
I highly recommend the Double Cooked Style Fish, Garlic Style Chicken, and Dan Dan Noodles...YUM.My mistake the first time I went was expecting "typical" Chinese food like crab rangoon and such, and this was very different.. Since I got over that, I can't get enough of this place. And I'm not even a spicy food lover!
The Dan Dan Noodles are delicious, along with the dumplings in Chili oil. The flavor of both of these dishes is very delicious and wonderful! I'm getting hungry and craving it right now just writing about it!
We also got the crispy cucumbers, they were good and well liked by my bf and Mom. The pork friend rice was also delicious!! Tasted more flavorful and delicious than other PFR that I've had over the years. 
Wasn't a huge fan of the spring rolls or scallion pancakes...
The wait staff is very nice and both locations in Manayunk and Old City. And I am so thankful they always come around and refill the water..I usually drink a ton of it here :) 
Can't wait to eat here again, it's a great restaurant and defintely a huge asset to Manayunk!i ordering a sauteed chicken with red dry pepper, the chicken is over breaded, i ain't taste any chicken, i only get the fry breaded surface. And super salty, i don't think so this chef is qualified. for american people may okay, they can't taste out anyway, they don't care. but it ruin the Chinese food. sadnessGreat food! Scallion pancakes, dumpling in chili oil, Dandan noodles, pork belly with leeks and chicken in garlic sauce! All great! Atmosphere- eh. Service good. Go for the food!Yum - very authentic and love that the spice levels can be adjusted from 1 - a sizzling 10 for everything on the menu. Nice ambience and efficient service. Also the restaurant is located on a charming street with other quaint shops and eateries.Love their spicy crispy cucumber, mung bean noodle in black bean sauce, and west lake beef soup. 川北涼粉, 西湖牛肉羹,蒜蓉黃瓜. Trust meI don't know how anyone could give this Han Dynasty a poor review. I live in Manayunk and come here often. The staff is very friendly, the ambiance is nice and it is a BYOB. The food comes out fast and is always high in quality. When I order takeout it is rarely if ever longer than 15 minutes. Have been a long-time patron and can honestly say I am yet to have anything less than a great experience. I have been to every Han Dynasty in the Philadelphia area and in my opinion the Manayunk Han is the best overall. As a note, I would also give the University City a 5 star review and the ambiance is a bit better overall. I did have a decently poor experience at the Old City Han when our waiter went completely MIA after serving us our very very spicy entre (we needed water and he was nowhere to be found)! But overall, still wouldn't give any less than 4 stars.I think their appetizers are the best options on the menu to be honest. The beef and tripe in chili oil is particularly great! Cucumbers are tasty. Wontons in chili oil, dan dan noodles, etc. Scallion pancakes are long on grease and short on flavor, though, unfortunately. 
Mapo tofu is a good combo of flavor and spice. The other entrees are decent to pretty great, and I think certain proteins pair better with certain preparations, so if in doubt, ask the waiter for suggestions. 
I don't think the spice ratings (10 point scale) are the most accurate. Either that or I've got dragon mouth and don't react to heat like I feel I normally do.Their food is amazing!  I highly recommend the Dan Dan noodles and the garlic cucumber appetizer (just make sure you're ready to smell like garlic for the rest of the night lol) The waiter was very attentive and went out of his way to make sure we ordered the best options on the menu.  Will definitely be returning soon!Han dynasty does not care about their customers. I used to eat there at least once/week and I never got a friendly smile or recognition from any of the servers. They always seem pissed off about something. The food is good, so I kept going back. 
This last week, I went there with friends who had a 5 month old baby. We took the stroller in and were seated next to the bathroom. The restaurant was almost empty, so we asked politely to be seated elsewhere. The server flatly refused! Then proceeded to say they do not allow strollers inside the restaurant (but there were no signs and he didn't ask us to close the stroller when we first entered). When we started protesting, he threw us out!! HE THREW US OUT! I will take my money and go somewhere else.Went in here to escape the cold and snow. The service was wonderful. I will definitely be returning. I recommend trying the string beans.I'll rate the food at 5 stars but customer service was at a -10!
I first want to start off by saying that I love Han dynasty, they are my number one choice when it comes to Chinese cuisine, so it's unfortunate that I have to write this. I've been to all the other locations, but Manayunk is where I frequent because of the location , customer service is usually good . This evening I came to my regular location for dinner and this short Asian man with glasses who I've never seen at this location before was our waiter for the night . I ordered my food, I asked for cumin chicken at a level 10 ( which I usually get ) when the food came out it looked strange and I knew this wasn't want I normally got. I went and taste it and it was flavorless, pasty and over powered with chilli pepper. So I called the waiter over , as he was coming over I noticed his face changed. I told him this was not what I ordered and the meal wasn't edible at all and wanted to order another order , he looked and got an instant attitude , saying "do not ask for spicy if that's not what you want " and went on and said " the cooks will not be happy about this" which took me completely back, I said " excuse me? " he went on and proceeded to argue with me, we went back and forth a bit and he went to put my order in. I was so surprised and caught off guard by his reaction, I couldn't believe it. Throughout the rest of my dinner he never once came back to check to see if I was fine, in fact none of them did. I enjoy the food, but I will not deal with the rudeness and bad attitude. My advice to Han is to get customer service etiquette training for the employees because at this rate, they will lose customers rapidly .Ate here last night, we usually go to the original location a this was just as good.
We shared Dan Dan noodles, won tons in chicken broth, garlic sauce chicken, crispy rice chicken and a sausage appetizer. All of it yummy and happening! The noodles were a 6 so they were the spiciest, the garlic sauce is a 3 and the other things were no number.  Be ready to drink your water!  Not your typical Chinese for sure worth repeating but I highly recommend it.Best Szechuan I've ever had! This delicious place has excellent selection and amazingly authentic Chinese! So much better than your average Chinese restaurant!Really don't know what has happened to this place. Used to go all the time but the last couple of times I've went have been serioisly underwhelmed.
Spicy cucumbers are always a safe pic and they're delicious. Most of the other dishes are supppperrr greasy. The eggplant was horrible- it was so soggy. The meat dishes are generally okay but nothing spectacular.
Now let's get to customer service, TERRIBLE! And not just once or twice or on a crowded night it's consistently horrible. Good luck getting anything after your order is taken. More water? You'll have to flag someone down for that as well as anything else you may need. No one comes around to check on you and see how the dishes are. Last time I went our food was taking a long time and I noticed everyone else around us (even those that got seated after us) had gotten their dishes. The servers kept coming over to look at the table, we'd make eye contact and they'd walk away. It was like they were avoiding having to tell us what the hold up was. Finally got someone's attention and all they said was "it's coming". No apologies - no one even came around to check on us. One of our  dishes was so bad it went untouched. Finally flagged down the server for the bill, he asked how everything was when I mentioned the dish we didn't care for and he said nothing just took our plates away. You think they'd bring the bill after that? Nope- had to flag someone down for that too. 
Overall the customer service is a joke. They really need to train their employees. Food is just okay.I'll start with the service which was horrible. It is a very small restaurant with waiters running around from left to right, yet we stood at the front for what seemed like 15 minutes before someone acknowledged us. There were plenty of open tables so we finally asked one of the staff if we could take a seat. Once we were seated we waited another 10-15 minutes before someone came to our table. Once we expressed our concern with the service they seemed to pick up their pace. 
Now onto the food. The menu is true Szechuan (pronounced Zesh-won)  and has been rated one of the best in the country. After tasting it I am not surprised. What I loved most is that the menu is one page only not like other Chinese restaurants who present books as menus to flip through. There are your appetizers, entrees and side dishes. Szechuan is a style of Chinese cooking which originated from the Sichuan province of Southwestern China. What makes it so popular are the bold flavours, particularly the pungent and spiciness resulting from the use of mounds and mounds of garlic and chili peppers. You can choose your dishes based on the style of sauce you prefer and the meat or vegetables. Then you can choose the spiciness level ranging from 1 being tolerable to 10 being the spiciest. (See Menu)
We started off with an order of wontons in chili oil. Once I took the first bite I was immediately hooked. I love garlic and am known to use a lot of it at home. What made the dish so special was the garlic chili sauce sprinkled with sesame oil. 
Next we tried the wontons in chili oil sauce. The flavors were the same although the wantons come in a larger quantity and seem to have more filling. It was also delicious. There were four of us on our second trip so we decided to order two main entrees and share. First order was the Dry Pot Style served in a mini wok and cooked in a spicy hot sauce with black mushrooms, bamboo shoots, bell peppers and Sichuan peppercorns. We ordered the level 7 spice thinking it was a happy medium. It arrived on top of a mini gas stove sizzling hot served with a big bowl of white rice.  Again the sauce and the spiciness and the liberal use of garlic made it so good. In fact, the best I've ever had. 
We also ordered a side of bok choy with black mushrooms. It was presented so beautifully like a plate of flowers. It was the perfect side dish to offset the meat and spice. The bok choy was fresh and crunchy, the mushrooms were so good and the sauce even better.  Our next entree was the prawns in garlic sauce. As if there was not enough garlic in the other dishes this plate was mainly covered in garlic. Did I complain? Of course not, it was truly one of the best sauces I have ever tasted. The prawns were large and generous amounts were presented in the plate.  On our first trip we had the garlic sauce with the beef as opposed to the shrimp. I think I preferred the beef to the prawns for this dish. The garlic sauce is my favorite and I know that I'll be a regular based purely on this sauce. Just thinking of it is making my mouth water.
Was the meal amazing? Yes. Will I be back? Yes. Did the service turn me off? A bit but the food is too good to let the bad service get in the way. Plus there are several different locations and I am determined to try them all.The speed at which our food came out was impressive so I am giving one star.
The atmosphere was fine, noisy with loud grunge-punk music so not very authentic feeling, but I dig non-convention and thought that was kind of cool.
I wish the waiter spoke better English and knew what "vegan" meant. I haven't been to a restaurant and had to explain that I don't eat meat or fish or egg in a long time. I even had to clarify that I didn't just mean "no beef" -- that "pork" was, in fact, "meat." This place is not vegan-friendly in that respect.
But the low rating is totally based on the food, which was swimming in oil. The Dan Dan Noodles ("hold the meat") were very flavorful, but the flavor comes from oil which sits at the bottom of the bowl and you mix in yourself. I ordered the Mapo Tofu ("hold the pork") which was a huge bowl of oil, with tofu floating in it. I could only eat a quarter of the dish because it was so oily, I was scared it would make me sick. At the end of the meal, both my and my dining companion's plates were just puddles of oil with bits of slick food.
I prefer food whose flavor comes from clever use of spices and cooking methods, rather than a cheap and easy douse-in-oil methodology.I wanted to LOVE this place...and let me say, taking into account JUST the food.....I DO!  However, the service is ATROCIOUS!   I went there for a business lunch, and it was 90 minutes, start to finish.  Completely unacceptable!  We were a party of 6- and our meal was so absurdly timed, I thought we were on Candid Camera.  2 of us got served 1st.  20 minutes later another 2 received their meals...and finally, another 20 minutes later,  the final 2 got served.  The waiter was nasty....and made US feel as if WE were inconveniencing him, when we asked about the status of our order.  This place could prepare the finest food in the land....but it is overshadowed by such incompetence and disregard- that not one person from my group will return to this location!!  The food was extraordinary though, and I will try their other spots- hoping that Manayunk is the only location with an attitude.
**update.  Just ate at the Cherry Hill location for dinner....and had the opposite experience.  5 stars- food and service!!This restaurant has never disappointed since I discovered it 6 months ago.  As advertised the Dan Dan noodles are to die for!!  Everyone in my family has their favorite dish!  If you are not familiar with the allure of the szechuan peppercorn, give this place a try.  Their non spicy dishes are also excellent.  (I am also in love with their mushrooms)I heard the hype, and then I finally got a chance to experience, and I will say it lives up to it. 
I was worried after browsing the menu that there would be VERY little that I could get here since it's mainly meat, and the choices that do offer veg alternatives were all tofu ( and I'm allergic to tofu wahhhh!!!!) HOWEVER! it didnt matter, it actually made things easier for me to order, I was completely overwhelmed. 
Crispy Cucumbers - SCORE! 
spring rolls - SCORE!
Fried rice - score!
my dining companions had:
 the sausage- which I heard was not the expected flavor but delicious none the less
Kun Pao Chicken - also raved about
and the dan dan noodles- all thought were delish
The portions are out of control, like literally when all the food was on the table it barely fit, and I was shocked! The menu says that the items are meant to be shared ( family style) but that the portions werent "BIG" but large enough for everyone to try some. I think they are mistaken as to what BIG is, because there was still a ton of food left after every ones bellys were full to have another meal. 
The only thing that I didn't care for with my food was the dipping sauce that the spring rolls came with, it was wayyy off the mark for me, but the sauce for the cucumbers set me at ease with how yummy it tasted with my spring rolls!
The service was a little off, but perhaps it was due to the high volume and what appeared to be a lack of proper wait staff..  
I'm glad we made reservations because this place got SUPER PACKED within an hour of us being there.One of the few Chinese places that I would recommend to a friend visiting Philly. For some reason I haven't fallen in love with Philly Chinese food, but Han Dynasty makes the cut!
Lovee the dry pepper chicken!! The garlic lamb was also really good. Pork belly double cooked style was a little disappointing but we fixed the soggy texture on our pan at home. Veggie selections have been just ok as I've tried both the bok choy and the string beans which I prefer slightly over the boring bok choy. The Dan Dan noodles are pretty good too as the other reviews rave :) but I still prefer simple steamed rice a lot of the times to complement the super tastey entrees they have here.
Service is always very friendly! The food is prepared fast and tastes amazingly fresh all three times I've ordered takeout from here. Prices and portions aren't great as I'm used to the quaint authentic hole in the wall gems back home in California.Yuck, yuck yuck. We had heard good things about Han, so we decided to check out the Manayunk restaurant. We made an 8pm reservation, to which we arrived a little early. Told we had to wait, which was fine. Then, the hostess showed me which table she was cleaning for us, but then a minute later, told us we needed to sit at another table closer to the kitchen and right next to the bathrooms, b/c they needed our original table for a 4 -top b/c it was more comfortable. They looked to be the same size tables to me!
We finally were sat, and no one came to our table for a good 10 minutes. Finally, someone noticed us, and just said - "Oh, do you need something?" Instead of a "Hi, welcome, etc here are our specials etc etc". We ordered the spicy cucumbers, which were slapped down on the opposite end of the table. Totally swimming in chili oil, my husband could barely stomach them. 
He ordered chicken lo mein - only teeny tiny pieces of chicken came with it. Again, it was delivered by slapping it down on the opposite end of the table, not even really right in front of him. His dish was good enough tasting. I ordered pork and crispy rice. Well, I'm not even sure the pork was pork. We finally finished...and in the meantime, no one came to check on us, no one asked us how the meal was. 
Finally we had to flag someone down to get our check. This place has horrible service. HORRIBLE! Do not go here. I'm not even sure why people love the food so much...SO overrated.Some of the best Chinese food in the city. The Dan Dan noodles and double cooked chicken are absolute musts. Some people are complaining about the service, it's just enough to get your order and get your food. Don't expect five star luxury service here, it's all about the food which is definitely five stars.I have a serious love-hate relationship with Han. This place is the real deal for authentic Chinese food. I have never been disappointed with my meals, or the price of it. Unfortunately, the service alone is enough to keep me from coming. There have been several times where I am craving Han for dinner, but will pass it up because I know the service will be that bad. They seem to do some form of team service where all their servers take care of the whole restaurant. Last time I visited, it took 15 minutes to get drinks, an hour to get food, and we probably had 4 different people come over to ask if we had already ordered. They were also out of ice, which meant there was no way for us to keep our BYOB beverages cool while we waited the hour it took to get our food. I'm hoping they get their serving under control by the time I visit again or it might just be my last.Definitely a couple steps above standard Chinese fare. In fact, Han Dynasty is in a league of it's own. 
We tried a couple non-spicy entrees on our first outing. Everything was very good. The seafood/tofu soup is a great starter. I plan on working my way up the spice scale on our next visit.
Even though they are in soft opening mode, this place gets packed. I recommend making a reservation.I love love the dan Dan noodles!! The plates are made for sharing like a traditional Asian culture. And it's byob and extremely reasonable!! Why wouldn't anyone like those combinations?I've been the location in Old City multiple times and have always had a great experience, however I had a business lunch at this location for this first time. HORRIFIC customer service. 
Our waitress either must've been on drugs, or it was her first day in the service industry, or she was an ironic hipster -- she didn't know basic things about the menu, she was caustic and sarcastic to us multiple times, and then would just stand there not speaking while my group was conversing until one of the guys realized she wanted to refill his water. She was socially awkward and offputting. And when other people walked in, she mumbled "Be right with you" but they didn't hear her - I barely heard her, and she was 10 inches from me!
The food was great as usual, but I would not recommend having your first Han Dynasty experience at this location - it will taint your idea of the brand and the food.Went for lunch. I ordered Fish with Black Bean Sauce and my fiance' had the Cumin Chicken. Mine was good, just verrrrry salty and he didn't enjoy his food at all. He said his chicken was too hard and tasted old...not fresh.  Although the food was good, it doesn't quite have the same feel as other Chinese restaurants that give free fried wontons and fortune cookies. It seems more mainstream and commercial. That's a shame, because those are the unique touches that people enjoy at Chinese restaurants.Han Dynasty has been on my list to try for months. On a trip to Manayunk, when I spotted the newly soft-opened location on Main Street, I was stoked. I convinced my husband to try it with me with the phrase "It's so hot on the Yelp boards." That's all it took.
The waiter explained that the restaurant was family style which meant food came out when it was hot. Being a fairly hungry girl, I was thrilled that our food would come out more quickly with this system.
First out was the eggplant in garlic sauce which was rated at a "3" for heat, out of 10. The chinese eggplant was slathered in a spicy red sauce and served piping hot. The brown rice I requested was a bit on the crusty side. Perhaps it would have been better to go with the empty carbs and order the white. Next out was the bok choy with black mushrooms. I've never had mushrooms with such an amazingly chewy texture. The bok choy was cooked perfectly and the sauce was fairly mellow for both heat and heaviness. I would recommend both dishes.
A man who I'm pretty certain was the owner, Han, greeted us warmly and taught us some Chinese words on our way out of the restaurant. Because we were eating at such an odd hour, 3PM which is neither lunch nor dinner, we got to see the cooks come out and eat their meal as we were leaving. There was a lot of soup on their table, so I'm determined to try that out next time we go.Absolutely love the hot sauce style tofu, spicy tofu fish, and the mung bean noodles. Really the best Chinese food within 10 miles of manayunk, and one of the best in Philly :) staff is also really friendly (and happy to speak Chinese with you if you're a speaker!). Thankful to have this place in my neighborhoodEnjoyed a great meal last night after attending an event. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, Sesame Noodles, Spicy Cucumbers, and the Garlic Tofu. I enjoyed the Dan Dan Noodles so much that I got them for take out. I highly recommend this place not only for their food but for their exceptional hospitality.A Saturday night.  Probably the worst night to try this place but really was curious about the hype.  The sound level was unbearable- like a rowdy cafeteria.   Spent most of the meal trying to decide if we should stay, or just have the food wrapped to go.  The waitstaff was pleasant across the board (although we had to yell to each other to order).  We felt sorry that they had to endure this along with us.
  We tried 3 appetizers- Dan Dan noodles, Crispy cucumber & spring rolls.  Noodles were great, but you don't keep coming back to a place just to get noodles.  The spring rolls were ordinary.  The cucumber was a bit interesting, with a spicy oil sauce.  
For entrees, we had Garlic Chicken and a fish dish.  The food was "OK" and did not live up to the praise I've heard.  It was heavy-handed.  Overwhelmingly Salty.  Both dishes dominated by a s single flavor, and not very nuanced- which was the exact opposite of what I'ver heard about this place.  It felt like a franchised spin-off of a chef's good idea, without the chef.  Really heavy on the MSG.  Had an MSG hangover the next morning.
Overall not a very good dining experience.What can I say but fantastic!!! Awesome flavors abound at this humble but robust BYOB in the middle of Main Street Manayunk.
The service is always polite and speedy, the dishes come out as completed and creates the feel of a multi-course meal. 
Highly recommended for romantic dinners or anytime for evening of delight! 
Dan Dan Noodles, String Beans and Ground Pork, Double-Fried Fish, Chili-Oil Steamed Dumplings, or the Bok-Choy with Garlic!! All Excellent!!
 Enjoy!!Really, really great place to go. Me and my family went last week. We got the dan dan noodles, lamb hot pot and scallion chicken. Every single dish had us licking of fingers. The service was on point ... Probably because we got there at 9:30 and they close at 10:00 but nevertheless it's a fabulous place to go eat and I highly recommend it.I'm a fan of Han anywhere, but this one is super cute! It was actually the first Han I ever went to. Very cozy and good service. The food is the same as the other locations -- so good!The Dan Dan noodles were very delicious but too gelatinous and hard to find the ground pork. Garlic chicken, salt and pepper shrimp, eggplant, all delicious.Overall, this is one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Philadelphia area with multiple locations, including this location in Manayunk. 
We arrived around 8 PM on a Saturday without a reservation since we only had a party of 3 people (reservations for parties of 5 or more). The restaurant was mostly full with only 2 or 3 tables open, which is not uncommon and it helps to arrive early. Since there is no area to wait to be seated, we awkwardly stood by the entry waiting and the staff does not have one person devoted to reception of arriving patrons. 
Our server sat us in the rear right corner of the restaurant, which was not a bad location and fit our group well. While I would have preferred to sit closer to the front of the restaurant, it was nice to sit in a low traffic area. 
We ordered a number of dishes for dinner as it was our friends first time, which appetizers consisted of: cucumber with chili oil, rabbit with chili oil, dumplings, and dan-dan noodles. All 4 appetizers were appropriatly sized and combined well to start the meal. For entrees, which are served family style, we ordered: garlic chicken, triple fried beef, and tea smoked duck. The comments that came from our entire table were mainly that the food was good, but even more resounding was the wonderful smell of the duck. 
After dinner, the server provided to-go containers for any extras that we wished to take home. I understand that in group of 3 that some people may divide each dish, but I was surprised the server did not help with some of the process. It seemed that since it was closer to the restaurant closing there were more important items for the server to address. 
I would most likely return to Han Dynasty - Manayunk, but would consider other options on Main Street before returning.Amazing. Quick service and BYOB! Dan dan noodles and wontons in chili oil are my favorite. Will be going back again and again.This place has quickly become a regular for us!! The spicy cucumber appetizer is refreshing and Delish! Everything on the menu is great...it's not oily like most honest places...the meat is always very fresh, and the service is very friendly and helpful.
The lo miens are scrumptious - not too overbearing with spices and oil. 
Carry out is very prompt as well.Finally got to one of their locations. Exceptional! Wonton soup is perfect - light, not too salty, and the wontons are great and lightly wrapped. The rest of the meal was great too. No time to do the details, but can't wait to go back.I finally got a chance to try this place as people tell me the food here is awesome. The service is definitely great. HOWEVER, there are some dishes here that I don't recommend anyone eating.  The fried rice and Dan Dan noodles were definitely fantastic. Now for the not so great dishes: hot sauce style chicken dish was filled with nothing but hot oil, the whole dish was covered in oil. I'm not trying to stress health but it just didn't look appetizing and it wasn't even spicy.  The sesame oil dumpling was also covered with mostly oil. I know it's in the name of the dish but c'mon, ease up on the oil. 
I would come back to this place for the non-oily dishes, this place does have some good food.I'm giving Han Dynasty 3 stars- 4 stars for the food and 2 stars for the service.
As to the food, the highlights of our meal were the dan dan noodle appetizer, the cucumber appetizer, the salt and pepper style shrimp, the eggplant in garlic sauce (the garlic sauce is sweet and tangy), the dry fry style beef and the cumin style chicken. Some items that we ordered were not as well liked: wontons in chile oil, taiwanese sausage (thin sliced smoked sausage served on a plate with no sauce), and the tea smoked duck (not everyone at our table enjoyed the heavy smoked flavor).  The food is on the spicy side, so be mindful of the "hotness" rating from 1 to 10 on the menu!  They can alter the spice to your liking.
As to the service, the restaurant seems very disorganized - we were slow to be seated, standing in the doorway for a long time waiting for our table to be set even though we had called ahead for a reservation for our party of 6.  The couple ahead of us also seemed to have been waiting along time for their table for 2.  The attitude of the staff is somewhat disinterested.  Once we ordered, the food came quickly, although the entrees came out at different times.
Overall, we really enjoyed this restaurant and will come back.  Han Dynasty is BYOB and I recommend a light alcohol beer because you need a lot of liquid to wash down the spicy food!  I recommend coming here with a large group so you can try lots of things. They have two large round tables with lazy susan in the center if you can get one of these it is ideal.Last night was our first Han Dynasty experience. We thought our food was delicious, but our waiter was horrible. After the couple ahead of us were seated, we were barely acknowledged as we were being seated (didn't ensure it was just the 2 of us or even a hello, for that matter). After he took our order and brought my soda, he never came back to our table (no check up, no asking if we wanted/needed a drink refill, seeing if we wanted a to-go box and someone else brought us a container and our bill because we had been sitting there for close to 10 minutes with napkins on the table and clearly finished eating). It would've been completely understandable if the service was this way had the restaurant bee crazy busy, but it was not. There were a few empty tables (and those had only been filled after we had gotten there). We will be trying the other Main St. restaurants before heading back to Han DynastyI cant believe with all my check-ins on fb I've never reviewed this place! I've been to every Han Dynasty in Philly including 3 separate tasting menus. Needless to say I am a huge fan of this food. Real szechuan style. I love my food spicy ("10"!) & this place serves it up in spades. Han is also a laugh riot and fun loving guy. My favorites are dry pot style, usually the lamb. Also Mapo: its spicy tofu with minced pork. The wonton soup is also very good. Orange Chicken is awesome but only served in the Montgomery county restaurant.  And of course everybody loves the Dan dan noodles about a "6" on the spicy scale so pretty much everyone can handle the heat. Chinese are not known for their pastries so skip desert.  Byob at this reastaunt but west philly and old city have their liquor license. I deserve a free t-shirt for this review!Dan dan noodles were great so was the cold sesame noodles.  The dumplings were like nothing i had seen before as they were like flat noodles with a very small portion of pork filling in the middle, very flavorful.  Spicy cucumber was great as well.  The entrees were very good but with all the hype i thought would be better. I tried Scallion Beef, Kung pao chicken, ginger chicken, and a lamb dish (beef and the lamb tasted the same).  Will definitely go back and try one of the tasting menus.  Only reason not 4 stars was that the service was extremely slow as it took 20 minutes to get menus and glasses for wine.  If you dont have enough menus for everyone in the restaurant at least give me a glass to have a drink with while i wait for another table to order.  Just opened so the service issues are to be expected as they looked a little overwhelmed with a full house on a friday night.I have only been here one time, but it was by far the best Chinese food I have ever had in my life. The portions are family style sized so it's great to go with a group. It's also a BYOB which made it perfect for our girls night out. The dan dan noodles definitely rank in my top 20 favorite foods of all time. We also tried the pork belly which was delicious and a chicken dish that was also very good. I can't wait to go back and try some more items from their menu!The food was good but the service was terrible. Once we were seated, the server brought water and tea right away but from then on, we only saw the server once more when he took our order (which took twenty minutes). We didn't have our drinks refilled and no one came to check on us to even ask how the food was. Come for the food but don't expect great serviceMy wife and I, first went to Han in Old City and loved it!
When they opened last year, we went for dinner on Christmas Eve and New Years Eve and practically every two weeks since.  The food is outstanding.  
Let's start with the Dan Dan Noodles - - incredible.  The Wontons are outstanding and the Cucumber Salad is great.  We have yet to be disappointed with anything we have ordered.  
The Scallion Beef, Cumin Lamb and Kung Pow Chicken are our favorites!
Last Friday night, we took a group of our neighbors there - - some had been there before and some had not.  Everyone, yes everyone enjoyed the food and that's hard to believe that seventeen people would all agree with how excellent the food is there.
The staff is outstanding as well.  June is a lovely lady that really cares about your dining experience.  Mark is terrific and is a true believer in the quality of the food.  Everyone wants to please.
Only met Han once and he impressed me with his commitment to very high standards.
You will not be sorry with your meal at Han!So I have to of the best tour guides you could ask for whenever I'm in Philly! One is a seasoned Yelper (Marissa C) who always is in the know! Well we were looking for a place to kick off my birthday night this year and my friends recommended this place. We went and had a great time. 
All the portions are huge and meant for sharing! The best it's B.Y.O. This was my first experience at a B.Y.O. establishment but I will definitely try this more often. We rolled in with a 24 pack or so of various beers to wash down the spicy goodness that would be coming our way. 
The staff was great, service was prompt and attentive. They deal with a lot of groups and larger parties here, so it's going to be loud. The environment is actually pretty cool. The food was great, the dan dan noodles were awesome! Do yourself a favor and stop getting them from your nearest PF Changs.  The dry pot style shrimp also required a 2nd serving! 
Now to the personal touch that makes me really love this place. The night we were here was also the night Whitney Houston died and the news broke via Twitter while we were dining. You could kind of see how different groups were finding out and the mood and the restaurant became more and more somber with each table receiving the news. Well a guy at the table next to us just happened to have Whitney's collection on his Iphone and the staff was more than happy to plug it up when we asked! Needless to say with hit like Dance with somebody and some other Whitney dance tracks, people spirits were restored and the place was jamming.
It kicked off to a great night and made for a memorable birthday!DO. THE. DAN DAN.
Double cooked chicken
Dry pepper chicken
Salt and pepper scallop
Pea leaves
Eggplant
the braised and spicy noodle soups are also fantastic and addictively flavorful
have also enjoyed their wonton, mapo, bok choy, three cup chicken, cucumber, and mung bean, but hard (and expensive) to get it all and the other ones are just so addictive.
Did I mention the flavors are addictive? I think they should make a lip balm with that Dan Dan sauce. DO IT... somebody.I'm not a fan of Chinese food but this was GOOD. Wonton/dumplings in chili sauce were AMAZING. I also had chicken in the garlic sauce. Was really good. Service was pretty good. They were very accommodating to our large party.Food is amazing, service is slow. Always get take out and always get dry fry beef.  If you do eat in, they get busy as hell and you're going to wait a long time for your server so make sure you take some wine and you aren't in a hurry... its byo.Just moved to the area and we were craving some good Chinese. 
I arrived around 7pm on and got one of the last tables. My BF was meeting me there and was running late but the waiter brought  the free hot jasmine tea for me while I waited. Small touch but very nice especially since it was chilly tonight. 
We ordered a few dishes to share:
Fried Dumplings
Kung Pao chicken
Scallion style Beef
String beans with minced pork
The dumplings were just meh and not worth about $1 per dumpling. (They honestly reminded me of Costco frozen ones) 
Everything else was seriously delicious. I was impressed by how much I liked each dish. The string beans were a hit even with the BF who typically doesn't love them. 
The service wasn't anything great during our meal but the waiter did bring over Togo boxes and a bag with our check before I even had a chance to ask. I love when waiters can anticipate small things like that. 
We will definitely be back to try new dishes and we'll just skip the dumplings! Check this place out if you're in the area, it was the most crowded place on main st. but the food came out very quickly!Went here on a whim. I can usually try anything once. I went in here and was immediately confused by the menu. The waitress was about as helpful as someone who didn't work there. Food came late, was expensive, tasted like a pile of spices and salt. Never going back. Learned my lesson. I can get a better meal for half the price and faster service in ManayunkThe Dan Dan noodles is a must-order when you're there. Simple yet very flavorful. I also love the dried chilli style chicken/tofu, crispy with a nice mild kick to it, complements white rice very well. Service is average for a regular Asian restaurant. Would love for a dessert menu to order from and cleanse all that chilli oil after our meal.:pExcellent food and even faster service. The Dan Dan noodles are a must have!!! Their flavoring is very unique and tasty. Great place to go with a group of people.The Dan-Dan Noodles alone make this place a five-star joint for me. But toss in the great location and helpful staff, and it's a don't-miss dining experience. I'd heard from friends and Philadelphia Magazine that it was consistently rated in the Top 50 Best Places to Eat in Philly, and after visiting I know why. We'll be back!My mom and I went here for dinner as I just moved in across the street. We walked in and asked for a recommendation and clarification on what something was, and the waitress was so extremely rude. We felt rather uncomfortable, so we got up and left without ordering. I wish I had gotten her name because she definitely did not deserve to work there. I will never go here again. I really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately my experience was exactly the opposite.Food was delicious! The Dan Dan noodles were so good (as everyone recommended). Our main dishes (garlic sauce style steak & crispy rice style chicken) were both delicious, and spicier than expected! A definite 10 starsIt's almost not fair for me to write a review of Han Dynasty because we've been there so many times we're practically family.  We've eaten at Old City, Royersford and Manayunk - the menus don't really differ, and the quality of the food is consistent at those locations we have visited.  Han splits his time between the four locations, and each one is manned by one or more of his family members.  The food is RIDICULOUSLY good.  Once you go Sichuan, you never go back.  This is the best Chinese food I have had in the greater Philadelphia area.  In fact, I lived in Manhattan for almost five years, and Han Dynasty blows away the Chinese places I frequented while living there as well (I went through a cold sesame noodle phase in New York, and Han Dynasty's cold sesame noodles blow away those that can be found in various holes-in-the-walls in Chinatown and other Asian outposts).  Monday dinners (which week varies by location) are a must try - 20 courses for $25, cash only, arrive promptly at 7pm, make reservations, no vegetarians, no substitutions - lots of rules set down by Han as he is a no-nonsense kind of guy (unless it's his own nonsense, and then he'll spout of expletives and tell crazy stories with his signature devilish grin).  Half of the courses are favorites from the regular menu and the other half are Han and/or the chefs' crazy creations like "Chinese French fries" or "strange taste chicken" or shrimp for dessert.  Pace yourself.  I honestly didn't know what I was missing before eating at Han Dynasty - these are authentic flavors and dishes not for the faint of heart.  Some favorites: dan dan noodles (the most incredible and addictive noodle dish in the world), dumplings in chili oil (we've watched the staff making these by hand - they're not as spicy as you'd think - it's very subtle), cold pork belly, dry pepper anything, tea smoked duck, cumin style and the string beans with minced pork (because people who don't like spicy food need love too).This han dynasty location was the worst location I have been to. I will probably order again but for take out only. The wontons in chili sauce is my favorite appetizer and I thought it was missing it's usual spice as well as flavor. I will order from this location again hoping it was an off day, but after that.....we will see. My entree was delicious however when I get rice I have never been charged extra for asking for more. I didn't enjoy drinking our of plastic cups, the decor was odd, the bathroom was odd and I had to put r he toilet seat down in the shared bathroom.and.avoid stepping on pee. Overall, this location has a lot to improve upon to be more like the other locations. This location is so close to my home, but fo.my.next dine in experience, I will be going back to the university city location.Its with dismay that I write this review. I'm writing this in hopes that the owners read these reviews and make the necessary changes.
The food at Han Dynasty is amazing.  Its some of the best food I've ever eaten.  Every time I go there, I'm blown away by the food.
On the contrary, Han Dynasty has some of the worst service I've ever received.  Ever.  From seating to check, we literally had to ask for everything.  We had to flag someone down to get a table.  We had to flag our waiter down to order food.  We had to flag the bus boy down for drink refills because our waiter was nonexistent. The food arrived at sporadic intervals without regard to courses.  We had to flag the bus boy again to get our check.  
There were spans of 20~30 minutes in which our table was not visited by staff whatsoever.  A couple with a great window seat just got up and left because they were waiting so long before the staff greeted them.  My girlfriend and I were there for over 2 hours, despite ordering only a modest amount of food.
I've been to this restaurant over 5 times since they've opened.  Service has been getting worst every time.  Its something my friends all mention about Han Dynasty.  
Honestly, service has degraded to the point that I would consider Han Dynasty if I'm getting delivery or take out.  Or if I'm with a group large enough to order the tasting menu.  
You may win all sorts of awards and commendations. But that does NOT give you the leeway to rest on your laurels and ignore customers.  We gave you these awards, now keep working at it.Flavor of food consistently great. Any dish we've tried has been great...flavorful, cooked nicely, not overcooked. Served family style. Service is quick, but sometimes not as attentive while seated. Gets very crowded and at times hard to hear. Great place on the avenue to dine.My experience with this restaurant was the worst! Here are the reasons you should consider to avoid this place.
TOO MUCH MSG - I am allergy to MSG, after diner I felt sour and bitter from my mouth. My mouth  was very dry after diner, which was the sign of too much MSG!
WORST SERVICE - My water was never refilled till I ask. There were only 9 tables, we waited for one hour. The OWNER was not patience; but the hired waiter and waitress were much better.....avoid the owner!!
FOOD -- The food was nothing special, we order SCALLION style pork....ended we got ONION style pork which is not much different from the take out restaurant.  
I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS RESTAURANT!
Again, you can't trust the marketing!This place still serves good food but the service here definitely needs some work. Every single time I get take out, they won't give me any utensils unless I ask. When I do ask for them, they hand it to me without putting in a bag. Am I suppose to just carry a fork while I drive home to eat?If you've got a craving for some Szechaun spicy goodness, look no further than Han Dynasty. This place is busy any day of the week, but if you are trying to avoid a long wait try going on a weeknight, because they don't take reservations for small parties. Service is always fast and efficient and they keep the water coming. Plus it's a BYO, who could ask for anything more? They can adjust spice to your taste, which is nice if you have less adventurous folks in your party. Dumplings in chili oil are a can't miss. Some of our other faves include the garlic sauce style and dry pepper style. Yum!This is the best Chinese food I have ever had!  I love Chinese food and have been the Asia, as well as all the Chinatowns in major cities.  I have a low threshold for spicyness so I always order items as a 0 or 1.  I could eat here everyday!  Also, Mark--one of the servers is great!Plenty of open tables on a weeknight after 9pm, wanted to seat me in a small dark table, very unpleasant and un accommodating
:(Food was wikid good!! Reasonable prices. Have the pepper scallops on a 10!! Wow like it spicy 
They are more than happy to dial it down on the heat index if you can't stand the heat. Food was bey tasty. Will try the cherry hill one next.Popped in the Manayunk branch of Old City's Han Dynasty for a couple of apps.  Well this is one place the hype proves true.  Had the Dan Dan Noodles - awesome!  The crispy cucumbers - def thumbs up  as well.  Taiwanese sausage - make it 3 for 3 in the awesome category.  But I have to return to talking about the Dan Dan noodles .... best noodle dish from any restaurant I've ever eaten in - and I'm talking Chinese, Italian, American, Thai, etc. etc.This double-cooked pork belly I am eating right now... oh my Lord! It is delicious.
I ordered take-out here, and the service was slightly disorganized, but what can I say--the food was ready when they said it would be, and it is scrumptious. The staff were pretty friendly, too.
Try the pork belly! Leeks, chili, delicious wafer thin slices of succulent fatty porky goodness. NOM!This is quite frankly the best szechuan style chinese food you can find in the city, maybe anywhere.  No crappy canned bamboo here, they use the real stuff.  The thing you have to order is the Dan Dan noodles.  They have a flavor that is difficult to describe but basically you can't stop eating them once you start.  The dumplings in chili sauce are so fresh and amazing, I want to put that chili sauce on everything I eat.  The menu is a little tough to navigate and if you are un-introduced to that style of cooking, make sure you ask for help.  Numbers are levels of spiciness, and spicy means spicy, not a little warm.  Experiment, try something new, and enjoy something truly authentic.  I get take-out sometimes, but its much better when eaten there while it is fresh out of the pan.Excellent Chinese food. Definitely on the spicy side, but I was told (after having my meal) that they will make certain dishes less spicy if you ask when ordering. Wasn't a huge fan of the duck, but the dan Dan noodles and dumplings were amazing. BYOB gets extra points. Service was average.Had a great dinner here Friday night. Know that it is BYOB! I had been to the old city one and was ready to order one of those fishbowls full of goodies they have in old city, but didn't do my research. Whoops.
Everything was delicious though. Be prepared for all your plates to be drenched in oil but its not the type to make you feel greasy after you leave. They have some very well developed sauces/oils for each dish and each had a unique delicious aroma. There are plenty of fresh herbs and rice to cut the oil factor down. As most suggested we started with some dan dan noodles that were delicious, as well as the chili oil dumplings. Both were generous portions and well worth it. For entrees we got the garlic sauce style beef and the three cup chicken. The garlic beef was wonderful, but I wouldn't recommend the 3 cup chicken. It wasn't as much a winner as the other star sauces they develop and was overpowered by basil. There plenty of other sauce styles I will be back for though. 
Servers were a little awkward but were very nice overall. They were attentive and everything came out in a well-timed manner. Our teapot was pretty cold and tap water extra tappy with no ice and being lukewarm. Guess they don't like extreme temperatures for their drinks. Oh well. Next time were in the mood for some great chinese food, we will definitely be back bottle in hand.I was very excited to try Han Dynasty in Manayunk after my husband told me he had been to the Old City location, and that the food there was very good.  The Manayunk restaurant space itself is very nice, with ample seating, high ceilings and big windows overlooking Main Street.  Service was friendly and attentive.  As for the food, we had a good sampling as we ordered WAY too much; we started with a bowl of wonton soup (which was huge - a good deal for the price) and the fried dumpling appetizer.  The broth in the wonton soup lacked flavor and was quite watery, and the noodle part of our dumplings was overly thick and doughy.  We then ordered our main dishes: my husband had the "garlic style" and I had the "crispy rice style" - while we both agreed that the sauces of both dishes were flavorful and quite good, we found the chicken to be rather tough and rubbery.  That said, if I was rating the food at this location solely on the sauce, I would give it a 9 out of 10 (However, being that we were not eating just sauce for dinner and based on the overall meal, I would give it a 6 or a 7 out of 10).Too expensive for the quality of the food they serve. The taste is really not so authentic for me. I would say not a place for someone who is looking for authentic Chinese food. And the rice is too mushy. It should only charge like a meal in McDonald. 这应该是吃过最让我失望的han dynasty了.We had the Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, pancakes and garlic pork. The only thing I would have done differently is the garlic pork and that was my own fault, I would have enjoyed something with more vegetables. The tea they served with dinner was very nice. Definitely don't skip the dumplings and the pancake!Probably the best and most reliable place to eat at in Manayunk! 
The shrimp is awesome and they give you a great amount! The bok choy and chili wontons are great apps! Spice level is higher than you think!Wait, this can't be the Han Dynasty I know in Old City.  Something went seriously wrong with this location.  
Walking up, you realize how huge this place is.  As we walked in, we found the place completely empty.  It was a stranger hour, between lunch and dinner. 
Our server seemed to have some sort of communication issue.  He struggled with English.  We ordered two tofu entrees with vegetables.  After he served us water, he went behind the register and sat down.  We didn't see him for a while.  I looked over toward his direction, in hope that he would get up and ask us if everything was ok.  I'd then be able to ask him how much longer.  Instead he just sat there.  Finally after a very long wait (especially for a totally empty restaurant) our food came out.  The food was bland ,and just ok.  It is NOTHING like the Han I know and love.  
Our server never refilled our waters, and the meal took forever.  There are so many other places on Main Street, I can't imagine this spot getting any regulars.Yes, the food is delicious. 
The Dan Dan noodles do not disappoint. 
The cold sesame noodles are always satisfying. 
But what left a sour taste in our mouths tonight was the disgustingly RUDE service. 
We have been coming to Han Dynasty in Manayunk for many years. They have always chilled the wine we've brought, cleared our plates promptly and packed up our leftover food. But tonight they did none of these things. Is there new management??This is one of my favorites. I love authentic Chines spicy food. It is always good. One of my favorite dishes is pickled pepper with Fish, spicy level is medium high.
It is close to my office. I go there almost every Thursday for lunch.This was so amazing I almost overdosed. Seriously,  I had a hard time walking or breathing when I left because I devoured so much of this deliciousness. 
*Dan dan noodles are my new favorite Chinese dish - they were unbelievably wonderful
*Hot pepper chicken was perfectly crispy and the heat level was right where I like it
*Garlic pork was a nice mild compliment to the hot pepper chicken and was also filled with yummy veggies and a delectable sauce
All of this plus great service and you can BYOB! I will be a regular.  LOVED IT!Tongue numbing mouth burning lips scorching Sichuan peppercorn good. Best Chinese food in the Philadelphia area and as a frequent traveller to China can vouch for its authencity. 
Great service and very accommodating kitchen.Maybe I'm a health freak. Maybe I'm overly sensitive to sodium. Maybe I just read too many awesome reviews before going. Maybe Han was on vacation. Whatever the reason, I was not as impressed with Han Dynasty as others on Yelp. 
The service was slow ordering, which looking back I'm glad because it gave me time to drink some wine and relax given that the food came out so quickly. Which also makes me nervous. 
So what did I get? Well I was excited to try the Dan Dan Noodles since they were highly recommended. I got them with out meat so I'm wondering if that was the reason they weren't as good as people said. All I tasted was salt. So I moved on to the Bok Choy with Blackened Mushrooms. Again, salt. Just as I was about to mention the overpowering presence of salt, my friend's dish came out.
He had the duck with ginger and on his first bite, he commented on the salt. Ah, so it wasn't just me. I didn't try the duck since I don't eat meat but I'm going to take his word for it. Someone commented that they keep your water glasses full and my guess is because you are going to be thirsty after consuming this much sodium. I went home and consumed 3 glasses of water on top of the water I consumed at the restaurant. 
I really hope I'm wrong about this place since it seems like it's popular. Hopefully it was just an off night.Stopped in to the restaurant in cherry hill. It was awesome.  No where near the typical crappy chinese food you get from your local place. High quality fresh ingredients. You will love itI really enjoy this spot! The Dan Dan noodles and dumplings in chili oil are fantastic! This location is not as spicy as the old city location which is kind of a bummer but I still enjoy the food.Han is spicy and being Indian, well, I love that! The one thing I don't love is how everything we ordered was drenched in a moat of chilli oil. It started out good but eventually, in a gradual descent, the meal became nauseating. 
The Dan Dan noodles were awesome, and the spice level was perfect for us, but again, after a couple bites we just couldn't get the coating of oil out of our mouths.
Would we be back? Perhaps, but way down the line when we feel our stomachs and psyche can handle it.
Finally, the service was SLOW to say the least. Everyone that works there is extremely nice but we seemed to wait forever on everything- even our check.Currently waiting for a table... was told it would be 15mins or more... not exactly sure why when I see 4 empty tables and 3 people not being helpful. Not off to a good start .. 
ok, table for 3 and we arrived at 707p. It was definitely busy for a Weds. 715p after having 3 employees walk by and not acknowledge the group at the door, I asked if we seat ourselves and was told a table would be ready in 15min... 727p we sit 733p we get water 743p we place our order to go cause we've waited too long. 745p my bill arrives. 747p I ask Giavanna (who made sure to spell her name for this review) tells me it will be 20min before my food is ready!?!?! What.. in.. the.. world. When I asked who was the manager (Henry) he turned and walked away. G' we'll call her for short, proceeded to spew her frustration towards me.. the customer! Needless to say, customer service is non existent. Go to the Exton location... your eating 10mins after walking in the door!Delicious and so, so, cheap. 
Dan Dan noodles were great. But the mapo tofu was absolutely delicious and I suggest it as a "must order". Perfect heat. Perfect flavors. Can't miss. 
Spicy cucumber app was also pretty good.This place just opened in our hood and I am so glad it did. What a savory experience! The lunch special is definitely the way to go for starters because you can get smaller portions of each dish for half the price. Meet Han, he's great. Magnifique!This is how we do it (this is how we do it).. go with a group, come hungry, bring booze, and order the tasting menu. You will not be disappointed. Trust me. (And come prepared! The wine shop down the street is only their wine, and makes some sweeeeet Sav blanc. Cryin'  shame!)First off, I LOVE Han Dynasty--have now been to every location and frequent UCity--but this was our first time at the Manayunk location. Overall, the other locations have it down better. Service here was slow, and one our entrees never made it out. What I was MOST disappointed in was the way the food was prepared. Living on the edge, my husband and I always order spicey dishes and up the spice at least 2 levels. At UCity HD, they cook the extra spice into the dish, beautiful presentation with a kick. At Manayunk, they literally just dumped extra heaps of red pepper flakes onto the finished dish, leaving us to mix it in ourselves--this was the trend for 3 dishes we ordered that night. Come on guys, that's bush league! Will still go to back to HD, but probably not to Manayunk.Sucks for veg options. And you can get better food at a cheaper place in Chinatown. So what are we paying for here? The actual Dynasty?This is literally the best chain Chinese restaurant I've ever been too. I recently brought my best friend here (who is Chinese and probably the pickiest eater I know when it comes to Chinese food...), and he approved, which was crazy. 
Dan Dan noodles are one of my favorite all-time dishes now. The spicy fish broth pot is similar to a hot-pot/boiled beef type dish, and I LOVE IT. The fact the food here actually has a nice amount of sichuan peppercorn in it always impresses me; outside of some Chinatown spots I've found around various cities it's one of only places that actually cooks with this amazing spice. 
This is definitely the best legit-ish Chinese spot in area. Be prepared though: if you are expecting General Tso chicken type food this is probably not for you.Good food here.  I had the dan dan noodles along with some other spicy dishes.
I will be back and will try some other menu items, most of it tasted the same, still very good.Love it! It's so good I love the spin on chinese he goes with. I truly don't think I can do Chinese any other way again. Dan Dan noddles may be the greatest invention ever.We came to the restaurant for a very late lunch during a week day. There was hardly anybody and we were seated immediately. We ordered Wonton for appetizers; Dry Pot Style (with beef), Kung Pao Style (with chicken) and Chicken fried rice. The entree came along with white rice. Although the Dry Pot Style was rated 10 (highest) on its scale of hotness, the waitress was accommodating to our need to reduce the spiciness to 5.
Wonton - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bffLbfi1IEAff5C2IHJvFA?select=jDb6zaEugUxRgyU5ZJibzg#h0oa1rxrQY0whUGXyc0njg
Dry Pot Style with beef - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bffLbfi1IEAff5C2IHJvFA?select=jDb6zaEugUxRgyU5ZJibzg#FR9aXsc-IxNjGlm5ONUqsg
Chicken Fried Rice - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bffLbfi1IEAff5C2IHJvFA?select=jDb6zaEugUxRgyU5ZJibzg#Fpt7rydhlAIl1A6GVdXSnw
Kung Pao Style with chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bffLbfi1IEAff5C2IHJvFA?select=jDb6zaEugUxRgyU5ZJibzg#tup9twgpCG1mGN2f00wW-A
The food was great; we loved everything that we ordered. The Kung Pao Style is a must try here. Service was cordial. The waitress made sure we were comfortable and enjoyed our food.Not your typical chinese, more Szechuan style with a lot of chili oil.
5 STAR - Dumplings with garlic and chili oil, great tender pasta texture, filling and sauce.
4 STAR - Pork with a sweet sauce, not spicy, thick brown sauce, I love the crunchy rice
4 STAR - Beef in Chili Oil served in a pot - Really good but understandably oily.
4 STAR - Service, very friendly and willing to explain their menu
4 STAR - Nice open and clean atmosphereOh how I love their dumplings. This place is awesome, food, quick service, and outstanding quality if you're searching for "not your Mama's Chinese food". The lunch specials are pretty nice as well.This place really is great on the back-end. In the front, it can sometimes be confusing. They pool their tips and thus work together to help every table. Because of this, though, they tend to forget small things: more rice, wrong check, and some lack of attention is what I have noticed in the 5 or 6 times I have been there. It won't stop me from going back as I can walk there, and the food that comes out of that kitchen is truly unbelievable.This is a tough review to write, but it's necessary. 
I LOVE the food at Han Dynasty, and I'm usually dining at the Old City location, so when we were wandering through Manayunk looking for a lunch spot and saw Han Dynasty it was a no brainer.
We knew that we wanted dan dan noodles, and some Taiwanese sausage. My fiance and I wanted to split the order of dan dan  as an appetizer and my friend wanted her own as her entree. 
Since we were splitting the dan dan we finished our bowl and my friend didn't finish hers (it is a huge portion for one person). The waitress comes over and comments how I finished the entire bowl by saying, "oh wow. you finished all of that?" and I explained that we split it, but followed up with, "But it would be okay if I did finish the entire bowl" - because, it's not her business how much I eat, and you'd think that a business would be thrilled that a patron loved the meal that much. Anyway- it took me aback a bit.
My fiance and I get our entrees and we realized that we ordered WAY too much. The waitress comes over and says, "Oh wow. You finished?" So if we eat all of it, she says something...we don't eat enough (according to her) she says something. So we get the massive plate of food wrapped up to go along with a few other things and they arrive at the table in a tied plastic bag. We don't think anything of it and head back to center city. The next day we go to dig into our leftovers and the restaurant only gave us 1/4 pint of food- when we literally had a HUGE plate of lo mein that we took 2 bites of. So they must have been upset with us for not finishing it, or thought we didn't need all of our leftovers- whatever the reason- we were sent home with a VERY small amount of food compared to what we wanted wrapped up. Essentially they stole from us. We paid for the full amount and only received a small fraction of it to take home. 
Luckily we don't frequent Manayunk, so we won't be back to this location to deal with the judgmental service and spotty doggie bags.Impressed!
Me and my wife took a chance eating here as it is always taking a chance eating at a new place you are not familiar with. We are glad we did. The food and service was great. If you are looking for a different Chinese place to eat then give this place a try.It is not your typical Chinese food. The price of the meal was also reasonably priced and we definitely look forward to eating there again in the future.REALLY greasy. Everything. Tasty, some of it, but extraordinarily greasy. Pools of oil. Slicks of oil. Oil everywhere.Solid food as always. Strong flavors, high spice levels. If you're bowels don't hurt a little you shouldn't be eating Chinese anyway. Unfortunately not enough seating and overcrowded at this location at least on Saturday night. Couldn't seat us an hour before closing apnhad to take it to go. Same happened to others.BYOB and delightful atmosphere. My girlfriend and I shared an entree and app, and both were delicious.  The chili wontons and garlic chicken are definitely recommended.  I will definitely be retiring to this restaurant excited to try something bring new.  Two thumbs up and an A+!!!EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. At first was very excited that they were open on Christmas but after today's visit, we will never be back. After standing awkwardly in the front for 20 minutes waiting for a table when it wasn't even busy, they finally sat us down. It took about ten minutes for someone to show up and it was just a bus boy with water. Add on another 25 minutes and not one employee came to our table to take any part of our order including drinks. We decided to get up and leave and they gave no effort but just said with half smile 'sorry.' Unfortunate, but definitely left a bad taste in our mouth.This Manayunk staple is a local go to for Chinese. Served family style this busy restaurant has a large menu that is great for a group of friends. I have gone on multiple occasions and the service can really be hit or miss, so be prepared to possibly have a bit of wait if they are slammed. I recommend the dumplings in chili oil as an appetizer and the fried rice, but I'm not sure any of the entree items really stand out. It's BYOB so make sure to arrive prepared!You know, I was debating writing a review considering that I had already done one of University City, right where I work. But this is by where I live, and I like having both.
I primarily use Han as takeout, and they are lightning fast. I don't think I've waited more than 10 minutes for an order. I think they're faster than the University location, and also spicier.
I'm a big fan of the Dan Dan Noodles, the Spicy Cucumber and especially the Kung Pao (with the spiciness jacked)This restaurant serves really great Chinese food without feeling totally boated after dinner.  What's even better is that they are BYO (FYI- bring bottles that you can open yourself and they do not charge a corking fee).  For an appetizer we had the Dan Dan Noodles- which were great- and the and fried dumplings- not great.  For entrees we had the cumin style lamb, garlic sauce beef, salt n pepper style shrimp, and crispy rice style chicken- all of which were great  This place gets extremely busy on weekends, so make sure to make a reservation.This review is concerning only to the Main Street Han Dynasty. We are a huge fan of Han Dynasty and make a point to eat here whenever we visit Philly. They have a decent menu with multiple meat options, the food was definitely good as always but I am more pissed off at the service.
The waiter is not at all friendly and never acknowledges our requests not even with a nod. The only response he gives is a yes or no. When requested for straws for our water he responded by saying "All requests at once". After enduring the process of ordering food the food came out. The portions were so small and we had to order 2 entrees each to fill our stomachs.For the price they are charging the portions are unacceptable and well funny(we tried different Han dynasties and they serve way bigger portions.
I would definitely eat at Han when I visit Phlilly but not at the same location.I went on 5/7 to see what all the fanfare was about...There was not enough staff that evening to wait tables so service was slow..  Other than that, the food was as definetly as good as advertised.. We shared the Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil and the crispy cucumbers to start... For the main courses we had Kung Pao chicken and crispy rice chicken.. The flavors were intense and the spice level was manageable. Am looking forward to going back and trying some new things ...Next time I will make sure to bring a sixpack of cold beer for the BYOB..I rarely "yelp"- but this place is so ridiculously good they deserve it.  Dan Dan Noodle fantastic and  Won ton soup is light and delicious.  I also had the Bok Choy and mushrooms and loved it (I love Bok Choy).  I went with my 2 chatty girlfriends and we were silent during lunch because we were just eating- an occasional "Oh my gosh, this is so good" was really all we could say between bites.  I can't say anymore because I am afraid I wont do it justice.  Just go.This meal was two thumbs up  with a snap! I totally enjoyed every dish I ordered! Braised beef soup was the first dish to come out and it was fabulous! Tough act to follow but Matt you guys pulled it off! Very nice service and friendly! Smiles all around & we will be back very soon with more! Oh and not to mention this place is BYOB!I will never visit the Manayunk location again.  The manager was extremely rude when he tried to sit us right next to the door.  I asked for a seat "not directly in front of the door" and he literally muttered "UGH!" and rolled his eyes.
After simply wiping off a table (because that was SO difficult), he sat us in front of the window.  The place was not busy, as it was 4PM on a Saturday; there were maybe 4-5 tables occupied.  Within a minute later, this manager came over and sarcastically asked if we were ready to order.  We hadn't received our tea or water yet, or even looked at a menu.
After debating whether or not to stay, we finally ordered.  The food was not spicy at all!  I typically visit the Old City location and should've known better than to stray from there.  Never again, Manayunk!My boyfriend and I were very excited to give Han Dynasty a try last night. We started with the dumplings in chili oil and per recommendation of previous yelp reviews, the Dan Dan noodles. Both were good, but I have to say the noodles did not live up to the hype. They had a different taste, but were really no more than noodles and a bit of meat. I would have liked them better if there was more substance to them.  
For the entree we split the ginger style chicken and it was awesome! The chicken was super moist and I couldn't get enough of the sauce. 
Overall good restaurant, I would go back but probably skip the noodles and save room for the main course.I've been to the one in University City; this was my first time at this location. The decor of this one was kind of sad and the bathroom was atrocious. Glad I was able to see past these things, because it was a lovely (and cheap!) meal. 3 of us split spicy cucumbers, scallion pancakes, pork dumplings and we each got our own Dan Dan noodles. Our bill was $45, sweet Jesus! BYOB really keeps the bill down, but still... 15 a person? The portions were large and the servers were helpful, too.I love spicy food and this place is perfect!  I am a vegetarian and i am impressed that they can make a lot of their dishes with tofu and veggies.  They have a spicy range on most of their dishes.  The place gets packed for dinner  so definitely make sure to call ahead.  Its a BYOB as well...No exaggeration, Han Dynasty is as good as it gets!
I honestly wasn't expecting much since the only Chinese food I'm really accustomed to are the greasy corner shops behind 3 inches of bullet proof glass... but we're not comparing apples to apples with Han.  We literally left about an hour ago and I felt it necessary to write a review right away while the szechuan and hot sauce flavors are still on the tip of my tongue.
When you go to Han, go for the Dan Dan noodle appetizer (which is the size of an entree) and the crunch cucumber appetizer.  I asked them to surprise me with an entree and they brought out the peppered shrimp - amazing!  My wife went for the Hot Pot that was loaded with szechuan; if you're new to szechuan, be prepared!  It's not spicy, it actually has a tingling effect that enhances every flavor in the dish.  It even makes water have an interesting taste!
I could go on and on about the food but what made everything even better was the service.  The owner spent time explaining the different flavors and dishes and made excellent recommendations.  Go with an open mind and you won't be disappointed!I am embarrassed to say that before last weekend, I had never physically been inside any of the Han Dynasty locations. I do love their food, having had takeout from the University and Old City restaurants multiple times. When some family friends recently offered to take us out to dinner, I jumped at the chance to finally sit down for a meal at Han Dynasty.
Menu-wise, the Manayunk location does not offer the same diversity in seasonal specials as say, the Uni City one, but their entrees are still pretty tasty. Some members of our party opted for less spice. At a lesser Sichuanese restaurant, taking out the spice would result in tasteless food. At Han, most dishes was still great, especially the dry pepper style chicken and the cumin style pork. 
There were a few misses - the kitchen forgot to put ground pork on the dandan noodles. We also ordered the double cooked style fish, one of our favorite dishes at the Uni City Han; at Manayunk, it tasted weirdly citrusy.
The Manayunk location is on the smaller side and quite loud; the decor feels like a Chinese restaurant from the 70s, a little worn and grungy, perfect for the hipster scene at Manayunk but not as ideal for families. Our party of 7 had a difficult time hearing each other and the volume definitely ramped up as the evening progressed. The restaurant also has only bathroom for the whole restaurant - there seemed to always be a line. 
Unlike the Han Dynasty locations in the city, the Manayunk Han is a BYOB. The service was decent - we had to wait a long time and make some effort to flag down a waiter to take our order, but after we ordered, everything came out very quickly.
The Manayunk Han Dynasty is a safe bet for good food, less so for good conversation. All in all, they're between 3 and 4 stars; we did end up having a good time and an overall good meal, but the restaurant atmosphere left much to be desired.Food is really good! Service is meh. Atmosphere is meh as well. I like to sit on the left side of the restaurant - there is more light and leg room. The right side is tougher - tighter. The food is super greasy, hot, and authentic. The noodles, scallion cake, and dumplings in chili oil  are my recommendations.I went here back in December for a late lunch.  I thoroughly enjoyed my food, but I can't give 4 stars due to the lack of customer service.  The place was practically empty but the service was soooooooo damned slow.  Also, the waiters weren't very pleasant in that when I asked for something, it was made to feel like I was bothering them.  So, I would maybe get take out, but I wouldn't rush back to eat here unless they went out of their way to impress me.  
Scallion pancakes were light, flaky and delicious.  The wonton soup was flavorful and soothing.Visited my sister in PA and she took me out here. Let me just say- BEST CHINESE FOOD EVER! Just looked them up and wow I am SOOO happy there is a location NEAR MY OFFICE in NYC!!! Soooo excited.I love spicy Szechuan food. Han dynasty has been fulfilling my cravings since we moved to Roxborough last year. The food tastes great, is well cooked and is spicy for real. It's a BYOB. The place is clean if not immaculate. At dinner times it's always crowded but we have had no trouble getting a table within 10 minutes even without a reservation. The servers are friendly. Well mostly. 
Only complaint is sometimes the servers forget about the customers. They just walk away and don't return unless called. Twice now, someone I was with had to get up to pay or order extra rice or something else. I could also do with more vegetarian options. 
But overall, it's a great place for Szechuan cuisine. Authentic or not. IDC.A must try.  Great for people who like spicy food.  I have a low tolerance but you can still find good eats.  Dan Dan noodles, kung pao chicken, string beans w/minced pork - all amazing. BYOB too.The food and service are consistently fantastic.  I highly recommend the spicy cucumber appetizer and cold sesame noodles.  One of our favorite restaurants!POOR SERVICE and selective profiling.
1) manager sat up rudely with no service or water for 20 minutes
2) when we got his attention, we acted like we annoyed when asking for service 
3) after monitoring, a group who came after us got served numerous times and didn't care about equal and fair servicing and will be contacting main office
4) we asked the manager for his name and he is a false name of Henry. It was the bald Asian guy 
5) when we told him we are leaving, he got very aggressive and disrespectful to the level of disturbing other customer and almost knocked over another customer water. It was a total embarrassment.
AVOID AT ALL COST!This place is so great and I probably come here way more than I should. Plates are made to share, although I can definitely eat a plate of their lomein by myself (it isn't greasy like many other places). I would definitely recommend the spicy cucumbers, but pretty much everything is good here. Service is great too!pretty good. Beef tendon was too salty(sprinkled with extra salt) but other dishes were good.Writing this review from inside the restaurant. Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. Very spicy and authentic. Get the eggplant, spicy cucumber, and the dry fried pork. Too good. Wish I lived in Philly to come back.My wife and I have traveled to (and dined well in) China and Taiwan, but the food we enjoyed tonight at Han Dynasty in Manyunk surpassed all!  We had a table for ten, so we were able to sample many dishes, including Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy  Crispy Cucumber, Scallion Pancake, Crispy Rice Style Fish, Black Bean Style Beef, Garlic Sauce Style Chicken, Pea Leaves Garlic and a few others.  We cleaned all plates.  I cannot give an order of preference because all were 5 star (or 5 bells if you're from the Delaware Valley).  The servers were informative, prompt, and could not do enough to please you.  And, it's a BYO.  Don't miss this restaurant.I love Asian food! That being said, I'm a little disappointed, I think I was expecting too much. First visit to Han's last night. I ordered Dumplings in Chili Oil, Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce, and Dan Dan Noodles. The dumplings were disappointing, not so much in taste (they were ok), but in the dumpling itself and the infinitesimal filling. The Pork Belly was tasty. However, the Dan Dan Noodles were nothing to rave about. I've heard so much hype about these noodles, not just in regards to this restaurant, but it appears to be a favored dish most places. As I stated early on, it was my first visit. I plan on going again and ordering something else and update my review. I'll probably get a Hot Pot...I love them.FYI  a recent meal there was lousy due to it being unbearably loud...maybe because we were near the door and there is nowhere for the overflow customers to wait except right next to tables.....not sure why there are no acoustic tiles or sound absorbing items on the walls and ceilings.....cant eat in a place that loud.....could not talk to anyone not sitting directly next to you.
good food but the service can be spotty
upgrading from 1 to 3 stars, because the last time the service was excellent.
we always go to old city location, took friends to this one in parking challenged manyunk because they don't like to go downtown.....so I am comparing to old city han (a 5 star  standard). 
The food was good, a little less spicy than expected but still good, but (and a big but) this place is can be overwhelmed if its crowded and it usually is.
Appetizers - dan-dans and spicy dumplings were up to par. very good and favorites of ours (also got an order of dan-dans to go) 
Entrees - were fine this time, shrimp with crispy rice was very good, 
bottom line, we have had terrible service and great service, but the food is always good....we prefer the old city han but if in manayunk this is a spot to try.. call ahead for a reservation because this place always has a few people waiting for tables on the weekend at least.HAN(ey) Chile: If you haven't grubbed at one of Han Dynasty's multiple Philly-area locations, you just stay hungry. 
So far, I've only partaken of lunch at the Manayunk location (with co-workers one time, with friends on another). My one co-worker pitched it as "authentic" Chinese cuisine. I wasn't sure what he meant by that--couldn't tell if it was high-brow hoity toity or an honest assessment--but either way I like my Chinese food locations without "pizza rolls" on their menus, so I was delighted.
Sidenote: I mean, really, though. What the heyel is a pizza roll doin' on a Chinese food menu? What is IN IT?! I digress ...
Well I'm here to tell ya consumers of Chinese cuisine, this place is authentically delicious. If Oprah ate it, she'd say this food is bein' its best self, living its true higher calling on purpose-driven plates.
For the record, I think "authentic" was referring to the Sichuan style. Now I'm not a bonafide, proper-word-using foodie--I just write what my gut tells me--but my take on Sichuan means that it's food which is as flavorful as it is spicy. In fact the items on the menu all have numbers in parentheses signifying the range of hotness from 1 to 10. You have to search really hard to find anything with the (1) on it, so be prepared for the flavor-kick infusion that's about to overtake your palate.
You should start with the Dan Dan Noodles. You should not eat at this establishment and not try these (unless you're vegetarian/don't eat pork).
You should also approach the whole dining experience family style so you can ingest a maximum array of awesome--from Cumin Style chicken (6) to Garlic Sauce Style shrimp (3) to Hot Sauce Style pork (7).
The servers start you off with a glass of water and some green tea. This establishment is BYOB. As you may have surmised from some of the other reviews, that bottle may need to be a water one (in addition to the vino). This leads me to talk a wee bit about the servers and service.
Personally, while I noticed a bit of a language barrier when communicating with my server, it didn't bother me; if anything it added to the "authentic" ambiance, and remember people--smiling goes a long way when relating to someone. When my server said hot, I said how hot, he said hot again and I used my eyebrows and open mouth to ask, "Like crazy hot?" ... with a smile. When he smiled back, I went and located a dish that had a (3) next to it ... because I exercise common sense whenever possible.
Granted, the servers are not water boys. They may, in fact, treat constantly refilling your water glass the way a 15-year-old treats their parents, so ask for a water pitcher and watch them place a carafe on your table. Smile and say thank you.
This is 5-star food without the 5-star catering to your every whim. These servers haven't been schooled in America's "the customer is always right" mantra and that's okay because your money is paying for food that is piping hot, of good quality, flavorful and delicious.I agree that this is the best Chinese in Philly area. Crispy cucumber and eggplant in garlic sauce were fabulous. We had good attentive friendly service. My only complaint is that they need more vegetarian dishes. Love that it's byo!For a great review, please read what Erin M wrote.
I will just add a little based on a late lunch on a Saturday in January. We ordered the bok choy with mushrooms and the eggplant in garlic sauce.
The bok choy with mushrooms: pleasantly mild. Good healthy dish.
The eggplant in garlic is addicting. Couldn't stop. A nice bit of heat. Savory. Nowhere near as healthy as its friend Mr. Bok Choy.
I would be happy to go back, order both and try some of their soups.The food here is AMAZING! I love going to Chinese restaurants that don't have the exact same menu as every typical Chinese place. Han Dynasty offers so many unique options. The dumplings and scallion pancakes are great starters. I don't recommend the Wonton Soup as it does not live up to the standards of the rest of the food on the menu. It was a little bland in my opinion. The Hot Sauce Style with pork is one of my favorites....but be cautious because it is pretty spicy! (They do include spice levels on the menu which is super helpful). The Dry Fry Style and Cumin Style are also very good! Another plus....its BYOB!
My main reasons for not giving 5 stars is because the service can be a little slow even when the place is empty. Also, the ambiance is a little sloppy. However, it is worth it for the food!I've been to this place a couple of time and the service had always been great.  The food is even better.  DAN DAN noodles are the MAN MAN!!! Only complaint is one time i got a tea cup with lipstick on it -gross...  Oh and don't forget it's BYOB and for so damn reason there isn't alcohol other than beer at bars for purchase near by.I come to Han Dynasty nearly every time that I visit Philly. The food is amazing (favorites are Dan Dan noodles, cucumbers in chili oil and dry pots), the service is quick, the prices are reasonable, the building has awesome architecture with modern upgrades, and the location is convenient.Tried the new location and the food was as good as ever, had the cumin beef with the dan-dan's to start.   Full bar now and good beer prices ( necessary to quench the mega-spicey palate!)Came here for my birthday with a group of 6, we contacted the restaurant about three days in advance for a reservation and would up with a 9pm reservation on a Friday night. Corkage fee is $10 for wine and $1 for each beer you bring. We brought some IPA's and lager which was great with the food. You can buy alcohol in the Old City location for cheap.
Atmosphere is a bit chaotic on a weekend, and it can get a but loud in there. Food was awesome we were able to try a bunch of things, most dishes are able to be shared family style. My favorite things we  shared were Dan Dan Noodles, Chili Dumplings, Cumin Style Chicken. I was not intimidated by the spice level of the foods because the heat was complex not just burning.
Prices were reasonable, and it was absolutely delicious.First visit to Han Dynasty. Interesting place with large ceiling and good decor and huge bar w TV's. The food was excellent for Chinese. Our group likes spicy food and we got 8/10 on their scale which a little weak on spiciness. We felt at that level they had overdone the pepper flakes to compensate for the spiciness and they also provided spicy oil. We got the dan Dan noodles, chicken dry pot, mapo tofu, and wonton soup w chicken. The Dan Dan Noodles were a good start. The dry pot chicken had too many pepper flakes but was otherwise well done. The mapo tofu was also excellent, the saucy was not too runny and it was not overpowered by flakes as well. The soup was standard and also a good choice. Service was excellent but their table layout was weird. We sat in the middle of the entire place. 
We will definitely go again, very reasonable prices, and overall a good experience.Based on reviews my husband and I ate here...and I can honestly say that it was phenomenal. Our service was top notch. Cheap beer for a happy hour special helped our bill but regardless the food would have made this place 5 star.The staff makes no hesitation to recommend a dish for you that he thinks is better than the one you ordered. The dan-dan noodles comes out quick and is spicy and delicious! The dumplings in chili oil was the perfect appetizer. Hot sauce chicken comes out in a large filling portion and the double fried fish was crunchy and delicious with black bean flavor! Too much spice makes the next morning somewhat painful though so be warned!Just great. Atmosphere , food, service. Right in the heart of olde city. Snow pea greens and sesame noodles.Best Chinese food I've had!  Love the spice.  New space is great and the service is quick and courteous!  Must stop in Philly!I usually prefer Thai over Chinese any day, but Han Dynasty is hands down the best Chinese I've ever had. Overall the restaurant is very clean, and has vaulting ceilings giving the appearance an A+ so it would be appropriate for client meetings, dates, or just a casual get together. The pricing was very moderate, we were able to get 3 apps, a round of mimosas, and 2 entrees for under $80 including tip. Our waiter greeted us with a pot of tea which was awesome. He also provided me with drink and food recommendations to make sure I got the most from my visit. I do wish I got a non-noodle entree, as we had the Dan Dan and sesame noodles as apps but it was amazing. I did request for my rice noodles as a 7 spicy and they came out more sweet than spicy but everything was so delicious that I don't even care.This is everything you'd hope it'd be from the reviews.  Awesome Chinese food.  Do they need another good review?  Probably not, but I just have to throw out some of my favorites.  Loved the dan dan noodles (still spicy after we turned the heat down 2 notches!), the scallion chicken was a big favorite at our table, Kung Pao chicken packed some great heat with the chilis and crunch with the peanuts, and the garlic sauce beef was my personal favorite.  
Prices are awesome.  We shared 6 items: soup, noodles, fried rice, and 3 entrees, ordered two beers and it only came out to $84.  Service was solid and happy to fill you in on how they do things at Han Dynasty.  Menu is really user-friendly and breaks it all down for you.  And the food comes crazy fast.  It was easily less than 15 minutes from the time we ordered that we got everything brought to our table.  
Cin Cin in Chestnut Hill had been my favorite Chinese in Philly, but this has just taken the lead.  Can't wait to get back in here.This place was awesome.  You walk in and it takes a while for your eyes to adjust.  I would call it dimly lit, but I think that would be too bright.  It's huge inside, particularly the ceiling height.  Love the fact the tables are not on top of each other.
The menu, we are told, is more authentic Szechuan, not the crap we tend to eat in America.  Not sure, since i have never been, but it was definitely different.  It comes family style and we definitely ordered more than we could eat for 8 - fried rice with sausage (oddly good) fried rice with shrimp (also good), dumplings in peanut sauce (excellent) garlic sauce with chicken (outstanding) some kind of bread type thing that was reminiscent of Naan in an Indian restaurant (also excellent) Eggplant in garlic sauce (great), spicy cucumber (also very good), etc.  Service was a bit off ( had to run them down a few times for water and refills on drinks), but definitely a place to hit.Dan Dan noodles and spicy cucumbers still rock.
Dry Pepper style chicken is good. A little overdone (manayunk Han dynasty made them perfect)
Service is still always only okay at the Old City site.Great variety to choose from. The cumin style chicken and dumplings in chili oil are amazing! I also enjoy the spring rolls, dan dan noodles, cold noodles and chili oil yum! I think the atmosphere and food is a lot better at the old city locationSensei Spicy Rating: Dan Dan NoodlesWent for the first time finally on a Thursday night with coworkers. There were 4 of us and we told the server to send out as many different options for us for $35 a person. That was the way to go. They send out 4 appetizers and 5 entrees. The food was plentiful and delicious. The dan dan noodles were just the right spice and the entrees all ranged in spice and variety. The flounder was amazing as well as the chicken and hot bowl. The service was very good. We loved it.Not at all what I expected. I wish I had a Han Dynasty next door to my house, I would be there every day. We had the Dan Dan Noodles (amazing!) and the dumplings in chili oil for appetizers. You do not need to order a whole meal for yourself, it will be too much. Choose 1 per couple. This would be a great place for a group outing. The food is spicy, very spicy! They will keep you refilled on water. Watch the corkage fee. They will charge you $1 to open a beer.We went to the new Han on Saturday evening for appetizers and some cocktails. I've been to the Han in Exton for years so I was expecting the same quality of food. Not the case.....Dan Dan soupy, very little ground pork, wonton in chili oil, different type of chili oil, mung bean noodles- unrecognizable from Exton, tendon excellent, cucumbers in chili oil, way different.  
If you want to have a chain of restaurants- consistency is key and I think they need some work here.  Tons of cooks in the kitchen,  just not as good.The Dandan noodles are amazing. Also try the string beans with pork. This could be a veggie to replace French fries.
Great space as well. An old cavernous bank.
Although after walking out into the cold brisk winter I realized how loud the place was. It needs to decide whether it's a bar or a restaurant. It's not fun yelling during dinner with Nirvana screaming in the background.I give kudos to Han Dynasty's owner for handling a difficult customer (me) last week.  Because my taste in Chinese food is overly Americanized, I expected something to be breaded and fried.  He explained to me that the dished aren't meant to be served as such.  I went with recommendations from my dining buddies and was blown away by the most amazing appetizers I ever had.  They far surpassed my main dish.  I tried the crispy cucumber, won ton, and dan dan noodles (by far the best item).  I will visit again and specifically order the appetizers!I found this place while walking along a strip of other restaurants and from the moment we walked in to see the menu the smells of the food captured our attention.   Everything was perfect.  I ordered the Salt and Pepper shrimp and a spring roll.  I can't stress enough, this was the BEST salt and pepper anything I've ever had.  Extremely well seasoned, the shrimp were not overcooked and they were nice size as well.  We also had spring rolls which didn't really stand out compared to others I've had, but were still good.  
The service was awesome and the food came out really quickly.  All in all I'd definitely recommend this place as a must go if you like authentic Asian food and if you're in the area.Every time we come to Philadelphia, have to stop here. Great flavors, intense spice. Be careful of the spice, but be a bit adventurous. I've liked about everything I've had here. But, the Dan Dan Noodles are out of this world good. Recommend coming with 2-3 other people so you can try more items.Pretty much loved every aspect of the place. The service,  the decor,  the drinks,  and,  of course,  the food. Prices were right and we loved all the spice levels you can explore on almost every item.THE BEST FOOD I HAVE EVER EATEN! Literally, the best. Not just the best Chinese. Best ever! And I am hard to please. I could eat those dan dab noodles forever. I'm getting hungry just thinking about them. AMAZINGHad some friends coming into town and needed last minute reservations for a large party and decided Han would be a good option considering the sharing sized portions. I have been to the ucity location several times and decided to go to old city this time around. The food was great as usual, cucumbers in chilli oil, dumplings, wontons, scallion panckes, Dan Dan noodles, all we're perfect appetizers to share. For the main course we went with double cooked pork belly and my favorite the dry pepper chicken. Food came out hot and fast. 
Only complaint about this visit was that it took our waitress about 10 minutes to greet us or take our drink order. And prior to that we were given a booth way to small for the size of our party.OMG, OMG, OMG - this place is simply awesome - first time was on Christmas - wait was tremenous 1.5 hrs., so we went around the corner for a beer and waited until it died down (around 9) - well worth it.  Anything chili will set your face on fire, but well worth the pain, it was delic - great beer selection and the bartenders knew thier stuff when it came to asking about dinner options.  Will be my new go-to spot !On a recent visit to Philadelphia I came across this place with my brother.  I was not too familiar with Sichuan chili oil and peppercorns.  The waiter was extremely helpful and gave us a run down of the entire order.  
We ended up ordering the Dry Pepper Style Chicken (Level 6) & the Double Cooked Style Chicken.  Both highly recommended by the waiter but said the Double Cooked Style is what the staff goes crazy for.  I have to say I wasn't disappointed by either.  I did prefer the Dry Pepper Style but not by much.  
The flavor overall was ridiculously good.  My mouth was on fire and not sure my lips have ever felt that way.  My only wish is that I frequented Philly more often so I could go to this place more often.My wife and I can't go more than a few weeks without eating at Han Dynasty. We love pretty much everything on the menu, but always get an order of dan dan noodles.The service was good and the famous dan-dan noodles requested to make it without pork was GREAT...but the other dishes..cold chicken with szechuan as well as their pot hot chicken..BOTH HAD OVERLY DONE SZECHUAN PEPPER..I am used to using szechuan in many of the food i make and this was over done..and with regular peppers..chilli peppers and szechaun peppers on the food..they had killed every bit of flavor out of the food...i dont think i will go back..migh tbe a bit overrated for me..but then again..the dan dan noodles were preettyy good and the service was good too...!!Decided to go to dinner with friends from work to celebrate the end of the year. Where do I begin?
The Decor is absolutely breath taking.
Service is Amazing and Attentive
I had Dan Dan noodles for the very first time and did heat level#5 had a kick but since I enjoy by ears to burn at times I think the next time I will try hot level#7. We also had the crispy cucumber- very unique and refreshing!
Oh did i mention it was happy hour M-F 5-7 dan dan noodles are 5.00 and I think the cucumbers were 3.00. 
Can't wait to return to try other things on the menu!My stomach dances at the thought of Han, and I am left speechless. Han's mastery of heat and flavor could convert anyone willing to eat outside of their comfort zone.
The pièce de résistance was the peppercorn ice cream. We were promised ice cream to top off a wonderful meal; a generous offer by a very busy server. A small scoop pulled from the bottom of the tub made its way into a tea cup, and then hurriedly into my mouth. The taste was reminiscent of a potent Earl Grey tea, and left my tongue happily numb. A complete surprise, but then again, nothing about Han's should surprise me.GREAT Chinese food and service! The server was AWESOME!
Nice contemporary decor and big open space. 
Large portions and awesome lunch menu.
GO!!!not your typical chinese restaurant! my husband and i love good chinese food, but we knew shechuan chinese was going to be even in a category of its own when we went to han's.  first of all, han is very helpful in recommending foods based on palettes since many of the dishes are very spicy. we were very impressed with the food as well as him as an owner.
we ordered dan dan noodles (amazing!) which is the dish that stands out the most. we ordered three more dishes from the last page which is the "top ordered foods from last month" page.  
we left so full but still ready for more. we will be back, han! especially for that tasting menu that is booked through december!!!Horrible Service!  The good reviews must be friends of the owners.  We did the 25/person dollar tasting menu.   What a waste of money!  1shrimp here 1 dumpling here... We had 10 people at the table  9 dumplings showed up and the waiter said sorry we ran out.
Overheard our waiter say "f... them" to another waiter about a table who said the food was not enough.  Would never eat there again.I decided to go to lunch here with my coworkers after hearing the praises of other Yelpers and local blogs and newspapers.
Their "lunch" menu is simply their dinner menu, but all entrees are half off plus $1.  Why not just print a specific lunch menu with the real prices to eliminate confusion?  
The one server told my Korean friend that she wouldn't like the dish she ordered because "a lot of Koreans order that and none of them like it because it's too spicy and salty" - please let me decide myself if I'd like a certain dish.
Food was amazing, I was so excited to find a great spot near my office, trekking to Chinatown doesn't cut it on some days.
We get the bill and apparently my $12.99 lo mein wasn't an entree so it didn't qualify for the discount.  I asked the server just to clarify what was an entree and what is not an entree, and to perhaps have a different menu so this doesn't happen again (I would not have ordered such an expensive meal for a quick lunch).  He snapped back to me "let me show you since you CLEARLY and OBVIOUSLY don't understand the concept" and proceeded to elbow his way inbetween the seats of my co-worker and I, to show us the menu.  I told him his behavior and words were inappropriate and he replied with "You're the one starting your attitude with me!!"  I told him we were customers and did not need to be talked down to.  He continued to argue with us over nothing, until we told him to please just get us change.  He muttered something and stormed off.
He glared at us while we took our change/signed our credit card slips.  Needless to say, he didn't get a tip (I've never done that in my whole life) and I will never be returning to this place, even though the food was pretty good (albeit on the salty side).  We don't deserve to be treated like that!After my first experience here, I would've easily given a 4-4.5 star rating, but after my last 2 times here, I noticed a lot of inconsistencies in the food. I couldn't taste the schezwan peppers in my dish. 
The service was also poor because they were understaffed. The staff was great, but they were probably being over-worked. Which is sad, because folks don't tip well when the service is poor, but its not the servers fault when they are already working so hard. I hope the next time i go here, i am not disappointed.DAN DAN NOODLES ARE PHENOMENAL! (i get them made vegetarian, without the pork but theyre are still one of the best i've tried)
Their new space is very large and their waitstaff is always friendly and gets the food out really quickly.The place is gorgeous and huge! It used to be a bank. The bar stretches for miles. Love the concept of this place the food comes out in what seemed like less than five minutes.
I got the dan dan noodles and the three cup chicken it comes with rice.
It's the atmosphere of this location you want to check out I give it 5.5 stars.Oh Han how I love thee....
So my review is as follows the stars indicate my love for the food...
***Don don noodles - spicy very yum
**Cucumber not too spicy but garlic
*Scallion pancake
**Sesame noodle - yum not spicy
*Wonton in chili oil scheshwan weird numbing
*Rice
***Snow pea leaves
**Stir fry green beans
**Scallion style beef
***Double cooked fish deeelish
***3 cup chicken - sweet
*Dried pepper shrimp- spicy!
Stir fry kidney slices- not for me
****chocolate malt cake!!! Amazing!!
YUM YUM YUMAs a disclaimer, this review has nothing to do with the quality of the food.
On a whim we decided to try to get into the Old City location (we live in Old City) last night (Saturday). We showed up early at about 5:50 PM, since we had our 5-month old with us. The place was EMPTY - as in a couple bar tables taken and maybe one in the dining room. When we said we didn't have a reservation the male host was incredibly rude, and said he had nothing. We said ok and turned to head out and with attitude the host said "this is OLD CITY on a SATURDAY night."
I understand having no space but you don't have to be rude about it - I know it's Saturday night, we just figured we would try. The attitude alone made us not want to go back, no matter how good the food reviews are.I love Han Dynasty!  I've been there at least 10 times, and once for the tasting menu.
For sure, go for the tasting menu.  It's an incredibly good deal.  Just remember, it's a marathon, not a sprint.  I stopped eating after the appetizers because I was too full!
Favorites  are dan dan noodles (a must!), cold cucumbers, scallion pancakes, three cup chicken, chicken in chili oil, beef and tripe in chili oil, whole fish, wontons in chili oil, and beef with scallions.  Han is welcoming and so nice.
I'll be moving to a new apartment three blocks from this place in Philly, so I'm sure I'll be here every day!Very good!!!! I love the atmosphere and ambience of this particular Han Dynasty. It is HUGE on the inside and very nicely decorated. The food was amazing. If you go you definitely have to try their dumplings! The soup was only so-so for me but the rest of our meal, especially the Taiwanese sausage fried rice, was out of this world.the quality and quantity are very satisfying. Spice levels are adjustable, and had just what I was craving for. They are very accommodating with specific needs as wellI adore Chinese food, and Szechuan cuisine is my favorite. Garlic and chili peppers and tingly Sichuan peppercorns, what's not to love? I was excited about checking out Han Dynasty for everyone I talked to during my visit to Philly said I couldn't miss it. I wasn't disappointed. 
- Dan Dan noodles: definitely lives up to the hype. spicy sweet peanut-y goodness. We got this in the level 8 and could've definitely gone spicier. 
- Dry hot pot style with beef: the hot pot sauce was absolutely divine. It comes out in a sizzling mini wok which was terribly cute. The bamboo shoots were money. This was a level 9 and had the perfect amount of heat (as in I sweat just the right amount)
Service was fine. The restaurant itself is huge (tall ceilings with intricate crown moulding) and the decor is cool. If I lived in Philly, Han Dynasty would definitely become my go-to place for spicy Chinese food.Came here on a Saturday afternoon. The place wasn't too crowded and the service was great, welcoming and warming. 
The food was fantastic. Luckily this place isn't in Chinatown or it would sort of just be skipped over. This isn't your typical Chinese place. Very little grease and the food isn't typically slimy.
I got the wonton soup and the wontons were to die for. So light and airy. I could have eaten a million!
I can't wait to go back and sample more of the menu!If you want authentic schezuan style Chinese food this is the only place you should go in philly. Han dynasty does a superb job of making the best Chinese food in Philly. Every menu item is given a number 1-10 for level of spicieness. And be warned levels 8-10 are serious levels of spiciness and are not for the weak. The best option here is to order a bunch of dishes and eat family style because you're going to want to try everything. Everything is priced well. Our tab usually ends up $20pp. Reservations are a must here. They book up very quickly.
Our favorite dishes:
Beef and tripe in chili oil (10)
pork belly in sweet garlic chili oil (5)
Dan dan noodles (6)
Cumin style beef (7)Really tasty ans spicy Chinese.  Really enjoyed this meal especially coming off of a cold.I usually can't do spicy but had to come here...it's all over magazine and TV shows for good reason. It's best to eat with a bigger group, family style, so you can try more dishes. 
They are not kidding when they describe this place as spicy...for the faint of tongue, have plenty of water, rice, and some non-spicy dishes to balance out! It's nice that they give a "rating" for how spicy a dish is. I didn't bother trying anything with a 10 since even my spicy loving friends thought it was a lot.
Dan dan noodles are  a must. Just get that to go if you don't have time for anything else.When Han Dynasty first opened my boyfriend and I decided to check it out, as it's just down the street from us. We were blown away.We made the mistake of getting a dish with a 9/10 spicy level on our first visit as we love spicy food but we quickly learned that our spicy was on a different level than Han's. It nearly blew our heads off, but with tears rolling down our cheeks and about 800 glasses of water later, we concluded our meal. We now go here regularly and have never left disappointed. Han always stops by to chat with guests and recommend specials etc. The food is vibrant, flavorful and interesting. This past Monday was a rainy dismal one, yet Han Dynasty was packed to the brim with a special tasting event in addition to regular patrons upstairs.  It is great to see  him doing well in the city where people can appreciate his authentic style. The dan dan noodles are a favorite. As is the dry-pot style fish.please don't throw any stones, but seriously i just don't get it.  i love chinese food, but i don't understand the unapologetic "authentic" cuisine of han dynasty.  the dan dan noodles were bathed in oil and the noodles themselves were tasteless.  the pork belly was also just a fatty and greasy mess.  making food more greasy and spicy is usually an amateur cover up for flavor and freshness shortcomings.  i can't even bring myself to give han dynasty a second chance despite the fact that i only live two block away.Food is delicious, wait staff are a bunch of zombies- took forever to get our leftovers boxed up, so long that we just left without them.Without a doubt....the most beautiful Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten in. 
I stopped in here for lunch to meet with a customer and was blown away. 
A great beer selection coupled with very good food. 
The sauteed pork belly with leeks was one of the best dishes I've had. The dumplings in chili oil were great as well.Han is THE MAN. Spicy, crispy, flavorful, fresh food. Excellent, attentive, unobtrusive service. Casually comfortable decor. Nice bathrooms, even! I love it here. I will have pork belly dreams, noodle notions, and chicken cravings until I get the chance to dine here again.
I don't think it's fair to compare Han Dynasty to the best of NYC, but I'd place it among the best of Philadelphia. I'd like to know where else in Center City, South, or West Philly you'll eat as well.First time in Philly and stopped in here for dinner with the family. It was great! The twice cooked fish is addicting. One of the best dishes I've ever eaten. Dan Dan Noodles were good as well. Service was top notch and super fast. They bring the dishes out family style as they are done, so everything is piping hot and fresh. Highly recommend this place!Just finished up the Han Dynastys' 21 course tasting. Im stuffed to the rafters with some of the most authentic, best tasting, incredibly balanced, beautifly spicy, Chinese cuisine. 21 courses ranging from cucumbers in chili sauce to Ma Po tofu to spicy beef and tripe. The highlights for me were the cucumbers in chili sauce, the twice cooked fish (steamed and then fried) and the Don Don noodles. Those were just my personal favs, every dish had somthing to remember. 
The Han Dynasty has a wait staff that run around making sure everyone is catered to, but also have the time to tell pertinent stories for many dishes. They earn every cent of their 20%, which is why i left 30%. Which leads me to the best part of the meal, besides the food, the meal only costs $25!!! Like most great things in philly, the Han Dynasty is a diamond in the rough. 5 stars across the board! Thank you Han Dynasty, i will be back.I heard about Han Dynasty at work when we were talking about where to go to eat with friends and someone came in and told us about this place. Took my husband there and we fell in love. The food is amazing and different. If you don't like spicy food then don't go here, it is not for everyone. Every time we go here now we take friends and they all fall in love with it. We've been back many times and always look forward to going. Han himself is an awesome guy and his staff is super cool. Can't wait to go back there again!! Hi Han:)))I wish I remember what I had.  But the intensity of the spices send my mind into another space/time continuity.
I'll admit, when I first entered I was suspicious, because I saw no other Asian people there.  But those fears were quickly allayed, not just by the superb food, but by the large Chinese family that came in shortly after I did.
I had the dumplings in chili oil, homestyle tofu and some sort of pork with chili peppers that caused all the pores in my tongue to open up.
Did I suffer the next morning?  Yes.  Was it worth it?  Yes.Han Dynasty is my favorite restaurant in the city. The dan dan noodles are amazing, spicy cucumbers are really good. My wife loves the three cup chicken.I was not a fan of the Manayunk location, which I had been to twice prior to coming to this one.  I have a friend that raves about this place and went with him and quite a few other friends.  We got the $30/person tasting menu, which certainly provided a good amount of food and a good overview of what Han Dynasty has to offer.  While this location was definitely a step over Manayunk (I gave Manayunk 2 stars), I was far from blown away.  The world famous Dan Dan noodles are nothing more than slightly fatter spaghetti style noodles with what is effectively spicy peanut sauce.  They were fine.  They were nothing to write home about.  By and large this was my thought with nearly every dish I had.  Nothing blew me away.  Most everything was decent.  Definitely quite spicy.  The restaurant itself had a cool feel to it.  Good beer list.  I don't anticipate coming back.We were invited to a dumpling making class, led by Han himself.  Not only did I learn that I don't have a future in dumplings, but I learned that I wasn't as bad as others.  Regardless, it was a very fun night meeting good people and eating good food!Spicy crunchy cucumbers: 4.5/5
I ordered two orders of these. I was pre-warned that it'd be too much, and it's true: but it was so good and addicting, I'm glad I have leftovers. The ma la numbness is still lingering on my lips. Transported me back to the ma la tang I had in Beijing street food. It was phenomenal.
My boyfriend had the dan dan noodles and wontons in chili oil. The pickled vegetables and the smell of the dan dan mian mirrored those he's had at my home in Hong Kong and those I've had in mainland China (did not partake because I am now a vegetarian). He loved it, and brought some home.
Our meal went perfectly with the crisp white wine we bought. What a treat!
P.S. I am stuffed to the gills. Can't wait to come back and try other menu items!A year ago on Christmas my wife and I went to Han dynasty and were blown away by the authentic Szechuan style cooking. We found everything tasted fantastic. This past Christmas we brought our brother-in-law and sister-in-law to dinner with us. While both my wife and I
love hot spicy food my in-laws do not and we were skeptical if they would like it.
We were so pleased at how much they enjoyed it and showed us how transcendent food
from the masters can be. As we were finishing our meal Han stopped by our table to check
up on us which was a big treat for me because I'm such a big fan of his food.
Please visit and put your self in there hands you wont be disappointed .When they say spicy they mean it! I've read lots of rave reviews about this place but not many note this. All dishes have a number beside them indicating spice level - but they will adapt any dish to be less or more spicy. Do not ignore the spice level if you are even slightly bothered by heat - I usually like mild or medium spice. 
I got the dan-dan noodles based on a recommendation - but it was too spicy and I couldn't finish it. Next time I would ask for a level 2-3 spice or without the chili sauce.  
My friends got the garlic pork dish and it was good, I also shared the Dry Fry style which I would not get again - too spicy and the bamboo shoots and dry peppers overpowered the dish. 
Service was good - the waiter came over to our table multiple times while we were deciding on our order. Also price was reasonable for the area. 
I hope to go back and have a better experience with what I learned from the first one.It's a good Sichuan place love the décor. Good for groups to hangout. But a lot too much MSG and too Americanized for me.I've been getting takeout from Han's since I moved here and it has been consistently good.  Like many of the reviewers, the food is indeed spicy but you can always take it down or up.  I find a level 7 adds enough of a kick to give you a nice heat in the back of your mouth but not enough to make you sweat.  My favorites dishes are the garlic pork, kung pao chicken, minced pork green beans, and the hot sauce style chicken.  My only complaint about the place is the price of the entrees.  It is higher than most chinese restaurants and maybe its because of the location.  Otherwise, it's the best chinese restaurant in Old City.It's spicy and it's great. Dan dan noodles are delightful. The hot sauce style with fish is probably the best dish on the menu. I usually go there a couple times a month and  I never get seated in the basement.To call this Chinese Food is an insult. Handy Nasty is some next level ish. The place is crowded, busy, and one of the more gratifying meals I've ever had. The Dan-Dan Noodles are sublime, and explode in your mouth like so many mini-firecrackers. Whatever is used to create the Cucumber appetizer is nothing short of Wizardry, and I passed on the opportunity to find out despite Han himself drunkenly stumbling upon my table clutching a bottle of DogFish Head and inviting the members of my party to get naked. This place is simply special, and I am fully prepared to challenge anyone who says otherwise to a duel.My visit to this restaurant was probably the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant. The food was okay, although not as wonderful as all the raves have led me to believe. The reason our dinner at Han Dynasty was so awful was that we were treated like prison inmates. I don't know why we were even given menus, since the owner insisted on commenting on and correcting everything we said we wanted. 
According to the owner, he knows best, and if a diner doesn't agree with his ideas, the diner does not deserve to eat in his restaurant. No, he's right, we DIDN'T deserve to be treated like members of a concentration camp. The food was just okay, and I will never darken his door again. The whole experience cost me $100 for three people, including tip. And he is very hard on his servers. Altogether, an awful place for dinner. We were so tense when we left that we had to take a walk to relax.I find the food to be delicious. However, the service is Meh and the space is too large for the amount of seats so it feels empty. And there is no music so it felt like we were too loud as well. Get the chili dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, spicy cucumbers for sure. I love spicy food and this place is a great place to bring someone if you want to have a lot to talk about in terms of the interesting food selection.I don't know how I managed to live here for almost 3years and didn't know of this place until 2months ago. Since then, I've been here twice. 1st visit I was recommended the Dandan (?) noodles which, although is listed as an app, can be a meal on it's own. Got it also the 2nd time. 
The menu has a full list of items that you can't possible go through unless you remain dedicated to coming back here every so often to try something new. 
It's a bit out of the way for me but it's good for group meal if I'm ever in the surrounding area.this was the perfect place for a wonderful, inexpensive, fast late dinner on our first night in philadelphia. pea shoots with garlic, spicy cucumbers, and home style tofu all amazing. great service. very vegetarian-friendly. menu makes it easy to understand how spicy everything is going to be.Wow. This place lived up to the hype. I cannot recall the last time I have been out to eat and had so many dishes with so many awesome flavors.
We got:
Dan Dan noodles (as everyone seems to agree, they are so tasty. I am a wimp when it comes to spice level so I ask for a level 4).
Spiced cucumbers (a must have. fresh and delicious)
Dumplings (I think they are better things on the menu but still good)
Won ton soup (Delicious but spicy)
Garlic sauce chicken (LOVED IT....so so good and such a good combination of flavors)
Hot pepper beef (very spicy but I couldn't stop eating it).
Other tips: Reservations are a good idea and you may still have a small wait. No corkage fee if you BYOB on Tuesday nights. My one complaint is the fact that there's a two credit card limit per table, but hey, no place is perfect.Great food! Cumin chicken and Dan Dan noodles is a must try. Staff was welcoming despite being over crowded.I happened upon this place by happenstance trying to kill time before meeting up with friends.  Their food and cocktails are simply amazing. Be sure to adjust the spiciness level to your liking or you may not be able to taste your food since your mouth will be burning. 
Maliki was an amazing server, full of recommendations, suggestions and just fun! Will definitely make a special trip to Philly (i live in NJ) for a meal here. Bar none, hands down the best Asian food I've had!!!My go to place when I'm in Philly for Chinese food. Excellent selection of food for extremely affordable price. Order a few entres and try out their selection. It's great and you won't regret it.Spicy and good!  But get reservations. This place packs up quickly even late at night. The food comes in a wide variety, small dishes and big plates. You probably will want to get some for the table to share.  I would also order a bunch of water or rice to cut the spice. Even me, a hard core spice lover felt the heat!  Also, if you are Chinese or know someone who reads it, bring them along. They have a special menu!  :DSome of the most unique Chinese food I have ever had.
When planning a trip to Philadelphia and ready various websites about the best places the to eat, Han Dynasty name kept appearing.
Before making the trip up from DC to Philly, I made reservations for a Saturday evening. If you're coming here on a weekend, I'd definitely plan on making reservations. The host at the front had to turn people away from coming because the wait would have been at least two hours.
The food here isn't the traditional Chinese food you're probably used to. It's all really spicy and the spice levels on the menu are definitely accurate. We got the dan dan noodles that were recommended my the waitress. These noodles didn't taste spicy at first, but after a few minutes the heat hit. However, it was a pleasant and sustained burn,
For an entree, we order the the dry fry style beef. The texture of the beef slices was very crispy and unlike anything I've eaten before. There are some hot chilis in this dish definitely bring the heat, so after eating one I picked around the rest.
Also, it was a smart move to order a non-spicy vegetable to cut down on the heat from the meat. We got the string beans with minced pork and the saltiness of the pork aided in putting the fire out in my mouth.
Coming from DC, it was cool to bring our own wine and the $10 corkage fee is not outrageous.
Also, Han Dynasty is in a great location in the Olde City right next to the Penn's Landing area.Very good Szechuan food. Great staples! Loved the tripe appetizer! I've had better cumin lamb and beef but still good. The noodles were the star of the meal.Located in old city, han Dynasty is a great place to stop by for dinner! I came here a few weeks ago with a group of 10 and the restaurant was extremely accommodating. Right when you walk in, there's a visually appealing bar to your right and the restaurant has a large, well decorated interior. Very posh, yet charming!
None of us, except one, has been here previously so the waitress was very helpful with suggestions and extremely patient with all of the indecisiveness our group presented. We ended up ordering some of everything and shared family-style. Stand out dishes include the Dan-Dan noodles, pickled spicy cucumber salad, and walnut shrimp. Everything was tasty and we had more than enough food sharing a bunch of dishes. My only complaint is that some of the food is a little too salty to my liking, but that's probably because Szechuan cuisine is very seasoned in general. 
Overall, if you're looking for a good restaurant in old city that can accommodate a large group, I would suggest this location!I heard a lot of good thing about Han dynasty and my experience there did not disappoint me. First off,, kudos to our waiter, he was amazing. I do not like spicy food and the waiter was great at helping me choosing something I could eat. He was on top of our orders and came multiples to check how we were doing. We started off our dinner with the sesame noodles. It was just super good. Then we ordered the chicken fried rice and some other spicy plates (can't remember the name). My plate was amazing! Unfortunately, I couldn't try my friends' plate because it was too spicy for me but my friends only had compliments. The prices are in the mid-range. Great experience overall and looking forward to go back to Han dynasty.
Tips, if you have a "normal appetite", sharing an appetizers and an entre is MUCH more than enough for two!Five stars means as good as it gets, right? Well, this is not as good as it gets. It is however a pleasant surprise. 
The food is good. Vegie are nice and crisp. Wanton has delicate wrapping and tasty fillings. The cold noodle could have use a little more peanut sauce and a tad less hot oil. Dishes are hot and spicy as Han said it would be, but not unbearably so as he repeatedly warned us. All four dishes we ordered had lots of Sichuan pepper corn in them which is a good thing. I love that stuff, just not lots of it in every dishes. May be it just happen to the four we ordered. 
I had eaten in Sichuan before, and if you think authentic Sichuan cooking is with lots of Sichuan pepper corn, then you don't know what you are talking about. 
Service is some what odd. We brought wine and they opened it right away,but we had to ask for wine glasses. We were dinning chinese style but has to ask for bowls. Noticed that the table next to us also brought wine, but was given brandy sniffers. This place is open for a while now, not sure why these kinks are not work out already. 
A nice touch would have been some pickled radish or napa cabbage and roasted peanuts when you sit down. Which is a given in every restaurant I went to when I visited my colleagues in Chung Do and Chung King. From the fanciest restaurants to the road side dinners. 
Since I already decided that I will be back just for the spiciness and try other dishes to be fair. I will give it a 4 stars for now. Will adjust up/down after I try again.had an amazing and spicy time at the tasting menu... everything was pretty much firey and spicy and delicious, even scary things like tripe! i especially enjoyed the dish that made me feel a bit loopy and made the water taste different, it's like drugs without the flashbacks! 
you get tons of food with the tasting menu and you get to sit with hilarious strangers. be sure to make reservations! plus, han serves you the food and he's hilarious. if you like your food spicy, then definitely check it out. i didn't even have any issues when it was time for this spicy goodness to leave my body...We decided to get takeout. We ordered garlic shrimp, crispy rice, chicken noodles, and sesame dumplings.  The food was ready in 10 min (although they told to come in 25). So we were able to pick up the food as soon as we got there. Yum! everything was excellent. Strongly recommend.The food here is just so good and one of the few restaurants I actually get cravings for. It's a great restaurant if you have a large group of people looking to get dinner and need last minute reservations. My favorite Han Dynasty is the one in old city because the beautful architecture creates a great vibe.  Service is always excellent and food comes out fast. The staff is super knowledgeable and are great at providing recommendations if you've never been there before and are overwhelmed by the menu.
My favorite dish is the dry pepper chicken. IMO, its not that spicy but I love spicy things. You have to try the Dan Dan noodles. Other go to dishes are the twice cooked pork belly, dumplings in chili oil, spicy cucumbers, and scallion pancakes. Recently tried the spicy hot pot. Its listed as a 10 for soice level but i didnt think it was that spicy. You might think everything is pricey but you get a ton of food and will have leftovers.One star taken off because the manager that night was a douchebag that night. Honestly I feel bad doing this, but you should never yell at another employee for no reason in front of customers. Especially when it the customers fault. We had been drinking prior to coming in and so we wear talking to anyone that would listen. It just so happened our server did. Which by the way he was awsome. We felt awful when we left as if it was our fault he got yelled at. We were the last ones in the resturaunt. 
The food on the other hand was amazing. The 3pot chicken and the Dan Dan Noodles which none of us had ever had before. BTW all our dishes were suggested and selected by the same manager. So props to him on that. The lamb was good and two people at the table were not lamb fans and they ate it up.Everything is fresh fresh fresh tasting. Whenever I am back in Philly I am going to Han Dynasty for Dan Dan Noodles and 3pot Chicken. I will definatly try something else on the menu.
Randomly we found this place by stopping a nice looking couple on the streets when we were starving and cold looking for something new.  
LOVE LOVE LOVE. This is the Best Chinese Food I HAVE EVER had in my life!
PS. The pictures dont do the food justice. You have to go and see for yourself.I order from here very often as their Caviar delivery is great. I came in and sat once, and it was a great experience from my memory. The inside is pretty cool and old with high ceilings.This place is pretty good, I love the house gingerale, chili wanton and thai basil beef. The only negative thing I have to say the portions are small, large plate with a bunch of pepper and very few meat/veg. But overall I love the setting and the food does taste amazing.I think the three words that best describe Han Dynasty are: Spicy, Authentic, and Chaos.  I ate here on a Saturday night and the place was packed.  It was so busy and chaotic that I felt like I was eating in Beijing.    There was no hostess.  There were two people working the floor.  Both people were running around like crazy. What this restaurant lacks in service, it makes up in the quality of the food.  It's definitely worth checking out.We originally settled on this place because it was one of the few Chinese restaurants open late at night. The menu is atypical; with different flavors of dishes and options of different meats to go with them. We were pleasantly surprised to taste them because the cooking was fantastic! So good in fact that we've been here twice now.We decided to check this place out a few months back after seeing it on one of those TV shows (I think it may have been Man vs. Food).
As soon as I saw the crazy spicy hot pots that they offer, I knew I had to check it out for myself. So, I of course got a hot pot with chicken, meanwhile my girlfriend got one of the tofu meals. 
Han Dynasty asks how spicy you want your food, from a level of 1-10. Me being the big spicy food connoisseur I am, I decided to try the level 8, while my girlfriend got her tofu at a level 4...all I can say is getting level 8 was a HUGE MISTAKE! If you ask for spicy food here, you're asking for pain. Don't get me wrong, the food was delicious (although I would have preferred a different assortment of vegetables in the hot pot), but I would have been much more comfortable with something like a level 5. Even my girlfriend's level 4 tofu had some serious kick to it!
Han Dynasty is definitely a place to try for Chinese Food lovers, they offer dishes that are different from what you would get from your normal take-out joint. But be warned, the food is not for the faint of heart, especially if you for anything with a spice level of 7 or above.If we are in Philly- we must go.
Dan dan noodles- and also wontons in hot oil-just spicy enough to make your tongue tingle, your lips burn and your eyes mist- and you still can taste the food- YUM
Dried sauteed stringbeans-crunchy, juicy, salty and not spicy.
cumin lamb- spicy and smoky.
taiwanese sausage- a little sweet and savory with some raw minced garlic.
Can't wait to return- next week!!!Classy interior, plenty of screens, spicy Chinese fare, great beer selection all for an affordable price. Will be back.I would definitely come back. We ordered around 7 items but the best dish was definitely the Dan dan noodles. They can make it without pork if you're vegetarian or just don't eat pork. We had a couple food allergies in our group (pescatarian, dairy, no pork, gluten allergies) and they were really accommodating to them all. The only down side was the wait time for the food. The restaurant wasn't busy, it was between lunch and dinner time but it still took a while until our dishes started coming out.First time here.  Every dish was ordered with the recommended spice rating:
Dumplings in Chili Oil - tasty but not much meat - 3/5
Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce - sooo good! - 5/5
Rabbit w/peanuts in Chili Oil - first time trying rabbit. A lot of bones so it'll require you to do some work - 4/5
Dan Dan Noodles - fresh, homemade noodles, one of the best noodle dishes I've ever had - 5/5
Pea Leaves w/ Garlic - fresh and tasty, a good veggie dish to cool your mouth - 5/5
Dry Pot Style w/ Shrimp - shrimp was big and fresh, a good amount - 4/5
Spicy Hot Pot - fish, shrimp, beef, chicken all in a really spicy hot pot. Has a floral tongue numbing flavor. So good my parents took the leftover sauce/oil home to cook fish, shrimp, and chicken in the next 2 days - 5/5
Tea Smoked Duck in Beer Sauce - a lot of bones so it takes work to eat. Not as spicy as I thought it would be - 3/5
Overall, a great place to satisfy your spicy tastebuds! This place will make you visibly sweat! Great for the Winter cold. So good I took my friend here three days later! A great, unique, restaurant that our city is fortunate to have! I wish I knew about it years ago!The interior decor looks like a pub but don't let that fool you- they have authentic Sichuan food; try the Dan Dan noodle and spicy fish fillet!If you haven't seen the Munchies video about Han Dynasty and you have 10 minutes to kill I highly recommend it (it's on youtube) 
I always thought this place was just a jazzed up Chinese restaurant that brought in gentrified crowds. Boy I was totally wrong. The food is superb, flavorful, and very authentic. If you have a sensitivity to chili oil and spicy food in general I'd be careful about choosing this place. But if you enjoy taking your taste buds to a whole other limit be sure to try the Dan Dan noodles, dry pot anything and my favorite, double cooked fish.Holy schnikies this place is awesome! Went here with two other people and we really enjoyed ourselves! The Dan Dan noodles were the highlight of the meal, and I can see why everyone enjoys them. The fried pork entree was delicious, and they also have a decent beer menu as well. I hope to go back here with a large group so we can gorge ourselves on as much food as humanly possible!Overrated...Dan Dan noodle not authentic at all. I guess it is a little Americanized. Decoration is good though.Oh my my!! I am in love with this place since my every first visit. It is a heaven for people who like spicy schezuan food.The food here makes fried chicken look like health-food.
The flavors themselves are nice, and incorporate a lot of subtlety, not just heat level. However, I was unpleasantly surprised to find that all of my food was literally swimming in oil. No sauces were used in the protein and dumpling dishes - just chili oil. The chili oil itself had a distinctly old vegetably undertone. The vegetables were also all smothered with gloops of oily sauces.
I left feeling very greasy, and in need of a detox and some fresh flavors.
Go to Chinatown and you'll find the good stuff (Four Rivers, anyone?)Came back again earlier tonight.
Ordered the following:
1) Twice-cooked pork = Can't remember if I've ever had this dish done this properly since my visit to China back in 2007.  Thank you Han Dynasty.
2) Three-cup chicken = Chicken...so tender.  Sauce...so flavorful.  Mmmm...hungry again as I type this.  This dish is a winner.  Everyone should try this.
3) "Shui Zhu Yu Pian" (forgot the actual name on the menu...Sichuan spicy boiled fish?) = My #1 favorite Sichuan dish.  This is one of the dishes I use to rank how legit a Sichuan restaurant is.  The fish was done properly.  The sauce had a lot of heat...punches you in the face in a good way.  Han Dynasty succeeded with this dish. 
4) Dan Dan Noodles = I ordered this the first time I visited this restaurant.  I ordered it again tonight.  What do you think that means?  Yes you are correct my friend,...it's that damn good.
Upgrading this place to 5 stars.  This is the best Sichuan restaurant I've visited SO FAR in the US.  And It is certainly is the best Chinese restaurant in Philly.got takeout here, and the beef and tripe in chili oil was fantastic.  the mao pao tofu was not to my liking but others mildly enjoyed it.  the dan dan noodles were a hit, indeed an authentic dish.  the breading on the salt and pepper shrimp, and fish dry pot were a bit soggy from fifteen minute travel time, but all in all it was a dericious meal.Outstanding restaurant, definitely a must-go restaurant, sign up in yelp for it. It is definitely authenticated Szechwan (famous in China for great food, probably the best, and pandas) food, I can vouch that as a Szechwan people.
Dan Dan noodles is already recommended by a lot others. I would recommend Cold noodles with chill oil and spicy hot pot. Both are spicy enough for Americans and satisfiable for native Szechwan people. For not spicy food, Wontons in Chicken broth is pretty good (my grandparents love it).
After all, I do believe that all food should be very good as I spoked to the chef and he is from Szechwan (very rare in other so-called Szechwan restaurant). If you ever had a chance to stay nearby, it is definitely the place you want to try!We came here for a team dinner, although the restaurant was not full we were sat at a small table (I consider that bad service so minus a star).  The food is always great at Han - we ordered a whole bunch of apps and entrees - chili dumplings, pancakes, spring rolls, dry pepper everything (fish/chicken/beef) all were great.   Overall great place for some good Chinese food in old city..Came here with my mom before a show at the Tin Angel and we were absolutely blown away by the complex and intriguing flavors in our dishes. We ordered the dry pot lamb and the garlic shrimp. Both were superb, but the shrimp especially so.
I have to take off a star because the place is unbelievably loud and because we ended up basically being crammed in practically sitting in the laps of another dining party. The acoustics are terrible, it felt like we could hear every word being spoken at every other table in the joint.
But back to the food--amazing! Definitely the best Chinese food I've had in this city. The service was very good. We were checked on frequently and the staff were friendly and helpful.
I'd definitely like to return and my mom has been singing their praises the rest of the night! :)I try to visit Han Dynasty every time I'm in Philly. Just phenomenal. 
Must get the Dan Dan noodles....just noodles in chili oil. Sounds simple, but absolutely delicious with the perfect amount of heat.
Other go-to dishes are the Dry Pepper Shrimp and the the Cumin Chicken. Pork Belly appetizer is great and the green beans are incredible as well.with 141 [mostly] 5-star reviews to their name, does han dynasty really need another one from me? no. but i'mma do it anyway. 
spicy cucumbers. 
when michelle C told me this was her favorite app in all of philadlephia, i knew they'd be something special, and they are. drowning in a bowl of garlic chili oil, these crunchy cukes set my mouth on fire. spice-rating 3? i don't think so! yet i keep going back for more and more and...
dan dan noodles.
heads up vegetarians: tell your server to prepare these sans meat - tho the crumbles appear to be a part of the sauce, all parts are mixed in separately, so it can be done!  again, prepare for serious mouth burn. so good it makes lo mein look like lo lame.
tofu, garlic sauce style.
ordered this on my first visit to han and enjoyed every last bite (mostly as leftovers - the portion was huge). the tofu itself was a firm, compressed style, and came served with mushrooms and bamboo shoots. tho the spice-rating was fairly low (4), it still packed a solid punch.
mapo tofu.
on my second visit, i wanted to try something new, so i ordered what seemed to be the only other option for tofu - pickled chili style. han, who was taking our table's order, told me that it was his least favorite preparation for the tofu, and recommended the mapo (hold the minced pork) after i requested a soft style soy. good call, han! tho rated a 7 on the spice scale, it didn't set my mouth aflame, tho perhaps i had just become used to it.
han.
yes, that han. the young chef's humor & personality brings the dynasty dining experience to the next level. i'm already looking forward to my third visit - to sample more delicious sichuan cuisine, while laughing my ass off at han's crazy stories.I was so excited to try Han, and I finally got to, and it was AMAZING!!!
Han has the best Chinese food I've ever eaten, and has got to be in the top 3 restaurants I've tried in my life. And to top it all off, you'll leave with tons of leftover food.
The spicy cucumbers were phenomenal; crunchy, sweet and slathered in this delicious spicy chili oil mixture. Deceptively delicious!!! The spice hits you at the end.
The dan dan noodles were perfection. Tender, spicy and superb. There really are no words.
The wontons in chili oil were ok; I like more meat and less dough with my wontons which is why I wasn't a big fan, but the flavors were delicious.
My husband had the garlic sauce pork, and it was amazing! The pork was tender and cooked perfectly, and wasn't too spicy (he can't eat foods that are extremely spicy due to GI issues, but we went here to celebrate my birthday).
I had the dry pepper chicken and was blown away. It was simply the best chinese chicken dish I had ever eaten. The chicken was so crispy, yet juicy, and wasn't greasy at all like you'd expect it to be. The flavors just exploded in my mouth, but unfortunately, I was too stuffed from the monstrous appetizer servings to eat most of it.
Han Dynasty is simply amazing; stellar food, stellar service and huge portions. Just make sure to bring some tissues to blow your runny nose. I can't wait to come back here!Summary: A novel Chinese restaurant experience. Not for the weak hearted or the mild stomached, but enjoyable food. Moderately priced, and great portion sizes make it a place worth checking out.
---
There is a scene in one of the Tintin books, Tintin in Tibet to be precise, where Captain Haddock is fooled by mischievous Nepalese street urchins into thinking that a red pimento is a sweet fruit. In the following panel the captain is shown running towards a water tank hollering "FIRE!". My sentiments were not far from his through most of my dinner at Han's Dynasty in Old City. 
This Chinese restaurant is located very close to Penn's Landing near the intersection of Front and Chestnut. The outward facade is pretty nondescript; it took us a few seconds to locate it even though we were standing right outside it. The interiors also resemble a standard Chinese restaurant in the USA. We were seated with customary Oriental efficiency, and the menu card seemed to be the first indication that this affair would probably be a little different then from what one would expect in 'New Dragon' or 'Fortune Cookie'. Almost every item in the menu is accompanied with a number between 1 to 10, printed in red. One could be fooled into believing these were prices, except that would make it a very cheap dinner. Digging deeper, one would see that it is indeed, as the astute reader might've guessed, the spice level. Interesting!
My friend and I ordered the cold chicken in chilli sauce (7) as an appetizer, and the lamb dry pot (10) and cumin chicken (8) as the main course. The appetizer came out promptly; sliced chicken breasts dunked in a bowl of chili oil, garnished with scallions and peppered with the famous Sichuan pepper, served cold. On taking the first bite into the chicken, the chili mildly hit me. I remember at that point joking that if this was seven, ten would be child's play. I am not sure if the server heard us or not, but he came over to our table and informed that we hadn't mixed the pepper yet. Indeed. Sichuan pepper has a very interesting effect; it is supposed to be tongue numbing, but it left the tip of my tongue tingling. If I drank hot tea, it felt as if I was being tickled there. It was a novel experience, one that I would like to try again some day. 
The dry pot and the cumin chicken came out shortly after. The dry pot was very spicy. At the end of our meal, with a lot of help from my friend, we did finish all our food. The spoils in the dry pot after we were done consisted of at least 20 red chilies, if not more. No wonder I was reminded of, and sympathized with, the captain; poor thing was expecting a dessert! The problem I have with super-spicy food is, although I really enjoy the whole gushing experience, that it hides other flavors that are present. For instance, I am not sure the lamb was well cooked - I sure didn't enjoy it, and maybe a more neutral tasting meat like chicken would be a better choice for the dry pot. The cumin chicken, although not as spicy as the dry pot, had a little too much cumin for my taste which overwhelmed all the other flavors in the dish. Nonetheless, it is a novel experience, and I would recommend it.
Although I craved for something sweet after dinner, we were quite full to order any desserts. In fact, we were not even offered a dessert menu, so I am not sure if this joint serve them. Nonetheless, something sweet is highly recommended post-Han Dynasty. As I write this, some three hours since dinner, I can still feel the heat.I'd like to start with, I'm from MN and we don't really have any authentic Chinese restaurants that I know of so this is really the first Chinese I've had. We do however have lots of good Thai and Vietnamese and Cambodian places in MN so I'm not just going off of crappy buffets or something here. 
We started with the crispy cucumbers which were great. We then moved on to the main event. We had garlic lamb, double cooked flounder and the dry pot with rabbit. Every one of the dishes was great and I was unable to identify a favorite. I will say the Flounder was so perfectly done I'd probably lean towards that if it wasn't for the garlic lamb having some amazing flavors as well. The dry pot rabbit (a 10 of 10 on the spicy scale) was somehow very good even though it was spicier than a banshee. The flavor came out first instead of an immediate burning spice, which was nice. This was the first time I actually felt like my taste buds had been singed off of my tongue. Even so, I'd have the dry pot again, somehow it was still good even after that. 
I'm now going to have to scour MN for a Chinese place that measures up to Han Dynasty but sadly, I somehow doubt this will ever happen.This place has gone downhill since moving!  We were huge fans, but since entering this new space it seems like the service and quality has dramatically changed.  The food is still good, and the Dan Dan noodles tasty as ever, although other dishes didn't have the same punch as in the old place.  But, the service!  Oh the service.  Our server rushed us to give him our order, and then didn't seem to know what we were ordering so asked us to point it out on the menu.  When we were brought our food, one dish was placed on the table and then promptly removed without explanation (we assumed it was the wrong one?).  And then, not only received the wrong dish but when we asked if it was correct we were told many times that it was the right one.  We were supposed to get pork, but it was chicken.  When the bill came, sure enough the bill said it was "chicken" and the server didn't seem particularly concerned.  I'm not saying the "customer is always right" nor am I expecting to be treated like a queen, but it kind of hurts my feelings when we are told we are flat out wrong (when we are not).
I LOVE THIS PLACE--please fix it!I'm updating my review because we came back over the weekend and ordered a la carte, instead of the tasting menu which is what my previous review covered.  Even though we had a reservation, we had to wait a half an hour past our reservation time because they were so busy.  I can only assume it's because it was First Friday and everyone had the same idea as us (see the art shows and then go to Han Dynasty).  
But even the wait, though frustrating, didn't darken my overall experience here.  The food was once again excellent, and once we sat down the service was great!  I ordered dan dan noodles as my dinner and the taiwanese sausage appetizer.  I also tasted everything else at the table.  Each dish was incredible and you could really taste the difference in spice levels.  (A friend had ordered the dan dan noodles at a 4 instead of a 6 and there was a clear difference in heat)  
I will be back here again and again!After seeing a play on 2nd st. My family and I walked over to Han Dynasty. Thief place is a must for anyone who loves Chinese cuisine. I love the decor of the place. They have high cathedral ceilings. The food was spectacular.  I word ordered the don don noodles. I could not get enough of them. The spices in them were perfect.  One thing I will advise is I lower the spiciness of the dish if you are a person who doesn't eat spicy food the rabbit in chili sauce was delicious also. I was first scared to try this dish because one i never ate rabbit before and two the dish was served cold. But my fears dissolved with I took the first bite. I highly recommend this place .Went here for my birthday's eve lunch with a few friends. What a treat! A few had been to and recommended the one in Royersford but this one is closer so we figured we'd hit it up. With the guidance of our very helpful and attentive waiter, we started with some scallion pancakes, steamed dumplings with chili oil, and pork with pickled veggies all to share. All of them were very delicious, the scallion pancakes being some of the best we've all had. The big servings also made us realize we ordered too much, as there were four entrees to come and five of us, one of whom was not going to be eating much.
But who cares because it was all delicious! We got the double cooked pork, the dry pot rabbit, the hot sauce beef, and the three cup chicken. While we didn't get near finishing, we certainly enjoyed the hell out of everything we could eat. Some of the things were pretty spicy so the free tea and water was much loved. AND! The place is BYO so my friend brought a couple of his homebrews for us to enjoy. We also got a great little dessert on the house because of my birthday, a neat little soup made with fermented rice and eggs. Overall, an absolutely wonderful experience with phenomenal food and fantastic service.This is the place to go if you need a spicy fix....had the dan dan noodles without pork (since we had a vegetarian in our group) and the wontons in chili oil to start...both were addictively good...for dinner had the mapo tofu without pork, chicken hot pot style, and the garlic shrimp.....the spice level was similar to indo chinese food and they even had pieces of garlic and ginger insideI mean ... Dan Dan Noodles ... enough said. I will forever be a fan of han dynasty!I love Han Dynasty, but this location is always packed! I would give it 5 stars if it was easier to get a reservation. The food is so good and spicy! I went with a large group (10+ people) and it was a good experience. My favorite dishes are the Dan Dan Noodle, Cumin Style Lamb, Home Style Tofu, and the String Beans w/ Minced Pork. I recommend the University City/West Philly location because it's bigger (easier to get a reservation or walk-in), but the food is good at both locations!Just went for my 5th visit and I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon. The service was pretty bad, twice our food came out and we had no plates and the servers were hard to flag down. The rabbit dry pot was really tasty, but there were small shards of bone throughout the dish. Our waitress warned us there was a lot of bones, and we were ok with that, but whoever butchered the meat did a horrible job. Also, the tables are spaced way too close together. I could hear everything our neighbors were saying, which really detracted from our overall dining experience.Was in town for a work trip and am SO glad we stopped here. The server made excellent suggestions, including fan favorites and dishes he thought we'd like. We loved everything, including the delicious cocktails as well. They also allowed us to sit outside with our dog. Will definitely be back again next Philly trip!Ok. The food is terrible comparing to any Sichuan restaurant in New York City. Wonton in hot oil has tons of vinegar.  The fired dumpling has thick skin. Dan Dan noodle has a huge quantity, but the flavor wasn't there.  The price is more expensive.
The cocktail is not bad. I won't come back again for sure. So disappointed.Hot, spicy, and slightly hectic, this Old City Schezuan has a great reputation that's well-earned. I'm not ga-ga over it like everyone else but I think it's the best around for this type of food (non-noodles soups, I mean.) Dan Dans are great and spicy, but I'm picky about mine and they're a little thicker/pastier than I like. The hot dumplings will kick your tongue's ass--and it's well worth it. The spicy cuke app is overlooked and should not be. I don't even like cucumbers much but love them here. There are many winning combinations of meats and dishes, but for best suggestions, check out Chef's Feed (if you like food at all, hopefully you have this app, but if not, get it now!)  And make a reservation. You will not get in without one. And take out here  should be called "take forever." But it's great, so plan ahead and enjoy.Pretty good stuff here, I ordered a Sichuan dish that came in it's own flaming wok served at the table - very spicy but full of flavor as it should be. Dumplings appeared to be hand made and cut, seasoned to perfection and in a generous amount for being an appetizer. Great restuarant!YES, as good as all the reviewers said. Tremendous wait already building up early Saturday for dinner. Thank heavens I read the Yelp reviews and had a rsvp!
Had the Dan Dan noodles (i still dream about you and your spicy love) and a fish dish (tasty goodness). The only reason why i am not rating a 5 is because of the mapo tofu dish I got. My date and I could not eat it. I don;t know what season/herb/etc was in it, but it tasted funky. I think maybe we just got a bad batch. We literally had 2 bites and left it aside. 
I didn't feel that guilty after eating because I was sure I burned off all my calories sweating. The heat is intense, but sooo worth it. I've never had this heat in any dish I've eaten in Philadelphia until here :)So good. Also so random - Chinese owned but Caucasian hosts and waiters. My Jewish friends brought me here while I was visiting. Leave it to the Jews to bring. Chinese girl to a Chinese restaurant... probably the only people whose opinion I would trust.
Everything we ordered was amazing but most notably the dan dan noodles. So good. Don't be fooled that it's not dark black and looks like spaghetti noodles. It is legit. So are the spicy Szechuan beef and chicken. The menu is exorbitantly long and confusing, and they also rate the level of spiciness. Basically you choose a space to douse your choice of protein in. Very cool.
I wish we had one here in SF! We ordered 3 entrees and a cold app for $60 (enough for 3 people with leftovers).I tried the Dan Dan noodle because of reviews on here and it is amazingly spicy just like how I want it. The pork belly in garlic sauce is so good! Will be coming back again.Han Dynasty s newest restaurant in old city is a winning combination : delicious cuisine, friendly service, and a gorgeous venue in a great location. We sat at the bar, as we didn't have a reservation and this spot has already become fashionably popular (there was a 45 minute wait for dinner for 2). Happy hr yuengling for $3 . Double cooked fish in Ginger and scallion with just the right amount of spiciness. We enjoyed everything tremendously , and we'll be back.Delicious!! Dan dan noodles were great, I was sad that my bf spilled his wine in the bowl cause we couldn't have anymore. Everything else was yummy and will def return.Here's the deal. I read Yelp all the time to scope out any place I want to try, but I slowed down on writing reviews. I hate to talk smack on a place, even if it sucks, and it feels like only writing five-star reviews will diminish my Yelp street cred. That's changed now. I have something to say, damnit.
After spending two years living in Center City, I moved six months ago. Han Dynasty was my favorite restaurant as a Philly resident and it's the place I make sure to hit when I'm in back in town now. The dan dan noodles, the crispy cucumbers, the cumin lamb, the dry fried chicken with all the peppers... THE WONTONS IN CHILI OIL! I'm an atheist but that food makes me see God. Still, I hesitated to write a review. So many people rave about this place. What could I possibly contribute?
Well, last night my boyfriend and I tried a Szechuan place down here in Georgia. Yelp reviews indicated that the place would be amazing. Cautiously optimistic, we wondered. Would this new spot ease the pain of missing Han's? From the first slurp of dan dan noodles, as we waited... waited... waited for the fire of Szechuan peppercorn to set our tongues aflame, we knew that no Szechuan would ever compare to our Philly favorite. And now I know what I can say about Han Dynasty.
Han Dynasty, you have ruined us for everything else.
If you are reading these reviews to decide if you should eat here, here's your answer. Buy a plane ticket, pay your Septa fare, or get in your car. Hail a taxi. Do whatever it takes! Park wherever you can, even if it's five blocks away on 2nd St. and you know you'll get a ticket from some overzealous PPA asshole. Then prepare yourself for some of the best food of your life. Prepare yourself for cravings, for withdrawal, for frequent trips back. For the exasperated queries of the uninitiated: "you went to Han Dynasty, again?" You won't care. This place is that good and it will change you.
Enjoy.If there is one reason i will ever move back to philly, its han dynasty. the dan dan noodles, chefs chilli chicken and cumin chicken are to die for.Unfortunately I just had a really bad dinning experience at Han Dynasty.  I had been to this location previously and had a great meal but this weekend was a bit of a Han Disaster.  On friday night I made a reservation for the location in Manayunk.  Upon arriving it was clear that they were extremely backed up.  We waited upwards of 15 min with out a hostess coming by to check in and at least four parties ahead of us.  We cut our losses and decided to try the Han Dynasty the following night in old city.  With our bottle of win in hand from the night before we excitedly got seated quickly with our reservation the following night at the Old City Location.  We were told that the policy had changed and this francise was no longer BYOB.  No apology and no attempt to rectify or clarify the situation we were left with a bottle of wine at 9:30 and no where to drink it..... We stayed for dinner thinking the meal would make up for it and the food was tastly but the waiter was anything but friendly.  All in all I think I'm going to wait a while till I try Han Dynasty again.  If I had to rate this dinning experience on a scale of (1)- (10) I would give it a (3).Have been to this place twice and both times I had an amazing experience. The first time I went it was just by chance- was in the area thought of eating chinese and just stumbled upon this one. The next time, I decided to go there, driving 3 hours, staying for 2 days in Philly just coz of the first experience :) and I am not even exaggerating. :P
Anyway, we got lamb hot-pot and cold chicken in chilly oil. And man was it good.To be honest though, that cold chicken in chilly oil, if it was at home, I would have heated it up before eating it, just saying :)  But good spicy, even for my kind of a tongue (non-american)
The lamb hot pot was the highlight, and we were so full, but we still felt like going on. 
The quantity was also pretty sumptuous. Overall, as yelp says "As good as it gets"I miss the old days when this restaurant was first opened close to the premium outlet. The food quality has gone downhill ever since it moved to the city. The only thing left that's eatable is the dan dan noodles. Everything else has lost the authentic taste of Szechuan. The food quantity has also become smaller and smaller; and the price has gone up at the same time.
The owner is not friendly to certain group of people, unlike his father who made everybody feel welcomed all the time. 3 years ago, I would say this was the best Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia, but it has been outrun by other newcomers in or outside the city. Disappointed...It's not bad. I just don't find it spicy enough. We asked for the spiciest they could give us and it was just okay. My friends drank the chilli oil and ate the chilli without issues. I guess I went there expecting really spicy food, especially after all the hype - and I didn't get that. That disappointed, but the food was not bad. It's pretty good as far as Chinese food here goes. I guess it is just pretty hard to find really spicy food in Philadelphia.
Probably will not go back to the Old City location, but I'm looking forward to the new branch opening in University City. I will definitely drop by that one a lot since it'll be so convenient!I ate here once over a year ago and still dream about their dan dan noodles. 
Need to get back to Philly...soon...drool....I ordered food from Han Dynasty in October 2014 and can't stop thinking about it! As we were in a bit of a rush, we ordered the food to go. Everything was ready when we arrived and portion sizes were very good. We ordered the wontons and chili oil, eggplant with garlic sauce, asparagus, and their famous Dan dan noodles. The vegetables didn't sound like they would be anything out of the ordinary but they were so delicious. Great blend of spices, not too oily, and were cooked just right. The dan dan noodles were very flavorful and very spicy. If you have any issues with spice, I would recommend you heed their ratings and request that they reduce or remove the chilies. You also can't beat the prices. The total meal cost was extremely reasonable and easily fed three people.  I am looking forward to the next time I can go to Philly and eat here again!Food was delicious but the seating and service was rather poor.
 There were a handful of open tables that could seat our party of 4 in the restaurant when we walked in with our yelp reservation and they gave us a seat right next to the busing stand in the middle of a high traffic walkway which should probably never have a table there.  We asked if we could be seated elsewhere and the staff member said, "no, they are reserved." I thought that was funny because we reserved a table for 4 just the same as anyone else so I thought that the first one there should have their table preference if there are multiple open tables that seat 4.  Perhaps yelp reservations only get you the worst seat in the house.  The decor is lovely and clearly was formerly an old city bank with high vaulted ceilings and original world clocks behind the bar which was likely the bank teller area.  
As far as the service, a member of my party saw a soup on the menu I had not heard of before so I asked the waitress what was in it.  She had no idea.  She then proceeded to slam plates of rather tasty sweet and sour style chicken, pork lo mein and garlic style chicken on the table.  
If it were not for the poorly located table that barely fit 4 plates of food for 4 people to eat on and the snarly service I would consider going back.  Maybe I will give it another go before I rule it out as a go to sit down Szechuan place.I loooovvveeeedd it. I got the Hot Sauce Style Scallops. They were soooo good and spicy. I was pleasantly surprised at the amount. A lot of times when you order seafood they skimp on the meat. There were at least 15 LARGE scallops in there. I will DEFINITELY be back.I really hate to do this but I hope that it can be some what constructive... Since the move things haven't been the same. My wife and I (and her whole family) loved this place at it's old location, but now it has lost it's charm and quality. Still a good place, but not "the best and most authentic". Some places get popular and keep the charm and quality but it pains me to say Han Dynasty isn't one of those places : (Here for a solo lunch outing. Its not very busy but service is a bit on the slow side. Upon entering I had to wait to get a table bc there was no one manning the front. Then took another 5-10 minutes of twiddling my thumbs before someone came to take my order. Granted the food came out quickly and is super delicious but it's weird to basically be ignored the whole time. I'm literally being helped by this one guy who seems to be doing the job of host, server, and bartender..he's kinda running around like a crazy person! Now I'm waiting again to get the check and have my food wrapped up. Luckily I'm sitting by the bar area and there's sports on tv. I wonder how slow it'd be at dinner time and the tables were full...perhaps I won't ever try to find out. Maybe this place would be better for take-out.One of my favorite restaurants in the whole world. 
I've had Chinese food in San Francisco, Boston, LA, NYC, and Paris. I have yet to have Chinese food like I've had at Han Dynasty.
Or as some of the douchey locals call it: Handy Nasty
Don't even think twice before ordering the Dan Dan noodles. They will change your life. The three cups chicken is also good. I've tried a variety of dishes here. It's my first stop whenever I'm in Philly. Always delicious, flavorful, spicy, and beyond satisfying.I was excited to try great asian food since I left NYC.. I was beyond shocked..the dan dan noodles were horrible.. fat solidified on top. (order came 30 minutes earlier than expected and I opened immediatly to taste) noodles were too soft and mushy.  In the garbage.  Rice was dry and separated.. not sticky at all.. My pea pod leaves were fresh and not over cooked, but to be honest I was so disappointed I dont think I can fairly judge the pea pod leaves.. which are my favorite greens.. I wish I could give it a second chance but I cant.. I am aware of its great reviews however I feel from tonights meal I can make it better myself! sorry.We crave this food weekly! Amazing Szechuan food. We love this place. Highly recommended! 
Clean, very friendly staff and beautiful location. Will always come back.If you like spicy food this is your place. Be warned this restaurant does not dumb down its food. Their standard offerings are very spicy which for me is great. After coming here for years i have eaten the entire menu, every single thing is great. Best dan dan noodles anywhere. Great bar, great ambience it is in an old ornate bank. Great knowledgeable friendly staff. This for me is a great destination stop.Wow. Just WOW. I think this is the best chinese place I have ever eaten at and I have been eating egg drop soup since I was 1-years-old.... and was at NYC Chinatown every other week to quench my father's obsession! Winning items: Fish (flounder, mild-taste) in hot spicy sauce, dan dan noodles sans pork, and kung pao shrimp. 
It is so good that by the end of the night I contemplated eating the leftovers at 11 PM... or whether I should enjoy it the next day for lunch. This is an especially key point because I STILL had these thoughts after my Han Dynasty dinner night proceeded to become hell... 
MY CAR WAS TOWED A BLOCK AWAY WHIIIILE I WAS PROBABLY ENJOYING MY DANG DAN DAN NOODLES!!!! 
My friend and I spent 45 minutes of bliss in Han Dynasty saying yummmms and mmmmmmmms (and where an all-white wait staff in a chinese restaurant conjured up some unique first thoughts on what the food will be like, but I digress)... 
AND THEN spent 2+ hours at the Lot 1 (aka Philadelphia Impounding Center)... $240 in fees and tow charges and a ticket for a spot I SHOULD NOT HAVE GOTTEN A TICKET (I will stand by my story even though 50 others claimed the same thing that night)...
So this is not just a story about my car being towed, this is a story about how a typically angry Jersey girl still had Han Dynasty's amazingness and taste (and the leftover bag that emanated hot oil smell in the air) to get her through the night without tears... 
This food is golden!!!! I don't think I would get towed for it again, BUT.. I will visit Philly even though it's on my official sh*t list now (still a lil bit angry).  
Dear Management of Han Dynasty... After this tow story, I deserve a free dinner for two, hook a sista up!Step 1 : Run here
Step 2 : Order spicy green bean noodles, cumin beef, twice cooked fish. Han will try and talk you out of the noodles, do not let him talk you out of it. They are special like the first time you heard Purple Rain.
Step 3: Have mind blown by almost hallucinogenic amount of heat and flavor from all of the above.
It's a perfect kind of hurt.This place lives up to every expectation, whether it be from your friend who knows every little byob, or Philadelphia Magazine.  The server was very attentive and honest when asked about the menu.  Which is the main point of my review for this restaurant.  
When you look at the menu and see the part that says, "we can alter the spice level to your taste" don't even mess with it.  My first time at this restaurant I went with a group of people and my girlfriend wanted a certain dish a little bit spicier than the "3" it was listed at.  Something you have to understand here is that if you are a spice geek, like myself, none of this stuff is as unbearable as you or I would label a "10".  We were lucky enough to have Han, the owner, take our order the first time.  While he came off a bit gruff when he snapped that "if you want something that's a 7, order something that is a 7 on the menu.  Don't blame me when the chef makes it too hot."  While that was a little preemptive, after a couple of times eating there now, it really does make sense.  Try the different things on the menu, and you'll see that it's not like getting a pad thai, at your favorite thai place and asking them to make it a little spicier by throwing in either a pinch, a spoonful, or a cup full of red chili flakes.  No, the composition of these szechuan style dishes is largely the actual pepperss and the sichuan peppercorns that make up the spice level. 
The stuff here is delicious, spicy, authentic, and very share-able.  If you are unsure about the spice, order something that isn't on the hot side of the menu.  Don't order the Dry Pot becasue you want mushrooms and bamboo shoots, order something else on the menu and ask if you can have those things added to your less spicy dish.   
One bit of advice though, watch out for the Dry Fry style, the sichuan peppercorns are wild, they numb your mouth leaving the feeling of chewing on the tops of few 9-volt batteries.  If you're the kind of person that used to get your kicks from licking the tip of a nine volt, have at it, they're not for me.Been here twice and definitely worth all the hype. Really delicious food and good service. Yumz. That's all I can really say.Came in on a whim on a Saturday evening without a reservation, two seats at the bar opened up almost immediately and we were treated to great service and drinks. The dan dan noodles were outstanding, dumplings were fresh and flavorful, the scallion pancake was crisp on the outside and fluffy inside, and all of the bartenders were quick to replace a drink or recommend their favorite item off the menu. 
Everything was reasonably priced for how good it all was, and we were full after a few appetizers and drinks. Definitely looking forward to trying out more!As a Taiwanese I have to say, the food is awesome here. I had scaillon pancakes and Dan Dan noodles. It totally reminds me of home. One of the amazing thing is if you don't like spicy food, you can ask them to make it not spicy! I love it!!! However, I do think the noodle is a bit too salty, is that's less salty it would be wonderful. Overall, the restaurant is totally worth visit more than once. Highly recommended!!The Dan Dan noodles. I came here about a week and half ago not knowing what to expect; so the group I was with ordered for the table because of their vast experiences here; and oh my god, the food was other worldly. There was an explosion of flavors and textures going on in my mouth. There were also these cucumber slices in a spicy sauce that perfectly balanced each other. The spicy sauce would set my taste buds ablaze right before I chomped down on the juicy, crispy cucumber that would immediately put the fire out. Bomb food, fast service, great deco. Would recommend.Does the fact that I recently went there for three meals in one week, and ordered extra food to take home (on top of doggy bags) during each of those visits, make me a glutton? I think not. That's just the envious peanut gallery. 
Hurricane Irene is about to hit us in less than 24 hours, and I'm sitting here debating on what to order for take out, so that in case of emergency, I will be well fed. I'll need to buy extra cases of water. It's the kind of spicy that is so flavorful that you need to go back for more. Even Mr. R, who hast not the fire tolerance only developed by proper Asian upbringing, is unable to resist the temptation of the burning joy. 
When Irene brings her water, I'll be ready with Han's fire. The peanut gallery can snicker all they want; I will not share my crispy cucumber or dan dan noodles. Hands off my green beans. And whatever other dishes Han decides I shall have. Drool on, you fools.I usually hate Asian fusion, but Han Dynasty pulls it off. The sizzling Szechuan cuisine is unmistakably authentic with just a touch of Chinese-American.
The mouth-watering Dan Dan Noodles are peanutty-sesame-sweet. The sweetness is more west than east, but it's one of the best flavor combinations I've ever had.
The Tofu Garlic Sauce Style makes for a tasty stir-fry, and the Szechuan Sliced Fish was tenderly boiled in a red-hot pot of broth. My friends didn't care for the silken tofu it was simmering with, but I think that comes down to texture, not taste.
East meets west at Han Dynasty and results in a harmonious marriage of authentic Szechuan with a tolerable level of spice. Just don't go above a 6 in spice if you don't want to die a slow death - the level of spiciness is authentic too!Went here last night with my boyfriend we had the Dan dan noodles, spring rolls, the garlic style chicken and the kung pao shrimp. The noodles were fantastic, The spring rolls mediocre, and both entrees were terrific! We ordered our entrees to come with brown rice and they seemed to skimp and not give enough for two entrees worth. No big deal. So I ordered another side of brown rice, and the kitchen was all out and I was told it would be a half hour. No wonder for the skimp. So i took white rice instead. Mind you iit was 7pm on a Saturday night. The service is no muss, no fuss, but we wanting something quick with great good and han dynasty nailed it.I love the dan dan noodles here! I always get it when I'm here it's spicy but still flavorful (remember to mix it) and with a side of the spicy garlic dumplings.  Those are 2 must haves.Emperor Han Chiang, you did it again. The previous Han Dynasty ruled China for approximately 400 years. The current reign here in the states may even last longer.
So what else can I say about the great Han Dynasty that hasn't been said?
How about the Taiwanese street food menu at the new location that opened across the street from the original place in Old City? From 10PM to 1AM daily, they serve some exclusive food. 
I recommend sitting at the bar. Bartenders like Jesse were a joy to chat with. They were both friendly and helpful. With Han himself serving us the dishes, service was impeccable. Late-night dishes are also affordably priced around $7-10. 
THE FOOD:
1) Order the dan dan noodles- Don't let the simple and amusing name fool you. It's a rather complicated dish that Han has perfected. So friggin' good. 
2) Be prepared to explore authentic Taiwanese/Szechuan food. Han Dynasty does not adjust to our American palates. You won't find a piece of broccoli here.
3) There is a full bar here! The bartenders are fantastic. Washed down our meal with some imported asian beer and even a homemade ginger ale.
4) Will not regret ordering the Dumplings-  They're so damn good! Fried on one side only. They're unbelievably flavorful, juicy, and crispy all in one bite. Does not come with sauce for a reason.
5) You will return.
Came for the Taiwanese street food and I left  dazed and addicted. Profoundly impressed with Han's new establishment. The high ceilings, magnificent architecture, gorgeous bar, and beautiful calligraphy drew by Han's own father created a very special place to eat Chinese food. 
Thank you Han Chiang and the rest of the staff for a great experience. I will be back soon!Food was excellent.  We ordered Cumin lamb, Noodles and Chicken twice fried.  Excellent food, a little on the spicy side but quite flavorful.  The Cumin lamb had a lot of red chillis and opened up my sinuses. :)Now I am not Asian, so I can't tell you the authenticity of these dishes but I can tell you they are delicious! Especially if you prefer spicy. The building is absolutely beautifully and probably my second favorite thing about this place! The third would be that the prices are extremely reasonable and they are generous with portions. 
I recommend the garlic chicken.I think I posted an anonymous review a while ago.  Han is everything people say and more.  The Dry Pot Fish, Pea Leaves, and soft shell crab (in season) are amazing.  Lately, I've been enjoying the Cumin pork and the salt & pepper shrimp.  Han's food pairs well with Belgian beers.  Bring an extra for the chef, and he just might sit down and drink it with you!  Please note, if you are a only-eat-at-TGIFridays-type, and you're idea of ethnic food is sweet and sour chicken, you're definitely not gonna be happy here.  (But if you insist, don't worry, there is a kids' menu, and Han will chide you about it because...you deserve it!)  Adventurous diners on the other hand, this is your spot...come hungry!SPICY, SPICY SPICY - and that's a beautiful thing. I can't think of anything wrong. Fantastic and I highly recommend it."Hurt so good, come on baby make it hurt so good!"  Even low spice levels will leave you in pain, but the intense complex flavors are worth it.  Nothing here is anything but excellent.  Favorites are the Dan Dan Noodles, the Dry Pot, and - saving the best for last - the Hot Sauce Style Pork.This is typically an American Chinese restaurant. Food quality is sub par . May update latermy gf lived 2 blocks away when she was at penn.. food here is great.  i usually get the fish and mapo tofu.  overall the food here is great and service is good.  only reason why i wont give 5 stars is because the food can be a bit salty at times. but overall its great.  when me and my girl go we usually get 3 dishes and eat like pigs.Ordered for delivery through DASH:
Dumplings in chili oil 
Dan Dan Noodles 
Spicy cucumbers
Bokchoy & mushrooms
Dry Fried Pork
Scallion chicken 
Scallops (garlic styled)
Overall I thought that the food was delicious and had met my expectations (not exceed it) 
What was unfortunately disappointing was the dandan noodles that everyone here have been raving about.. perhaps its one of those dishes that should be reserved to be eaten AT the restaurant and shouldn't be on the online DASH menu... or perhaps they should simply  separate the sauce from the noodles when ordered for delivery... cuz it was allll MUSH by the time we got our food:(
I would've given it a 4 but rated it a 3 only bc I felt that the food although delicious was way overpriced... (compared to what we can get from chinatown ex. shiao lan kung) PLUS the fact that they had forgotten to provide basic takeout necessities (plates/ napkins/ forks/ chopsticks... shouldnt these be given for take out??)  lastly DASH didn't have some of the main dishes like pork belly w/preserved veg avail. for delivery :( 
***when they say spicey... its spicey***I used to frequent Han Dynasty. I would bring friends and family from out-of-town, local co-workers, and almost anyone who is fond of the Sichuan spice. But since its move across the street into a space that was formerly a steakhouse, the restaurant has become much less intimate. On the surface, the grandiose atmosphere clashes with the menu, which is mainly comprised of intensely spicy, tongue-numbing, and sweat-inducing dishes one would find in the bustling cities of Sichuan. But the core of the problem is how this new space affects the service. On each visit to this "new" restaurant, I found the service noticeably slower and, frankly, inattentive. My last visit was especially frustrating:
- We ordered two appetizers and one entrée. Our first appetizer came out promptly, but we never got the second one. After seeing tables next to us (who ordered much later than us) get their appetizers, we finally flagged down a server (since no one came around to check on us). The server said that our appetizer was on its way (which turned out to be a lie). Twenty minutes later, still nothing. We asked again, and the server said the kitchen lost our order slip, but the appetizer should be out any minute. He cleared our table but left us without utensils. Ten minutes later, we got our appetizer, but then we had to flag down another server for chopsticks. 
- One of the servers knew the customers sitting next to us. That's fine, I love seeing a reunion too, but the server decided that he wants to sit next to the customer, except there's hardly any space between the customer and me. So he squeezes into this small space, prompting me to shift my seat down. I might even be okay with that, but then he starts chatting loudly, completely oblivious to the fact that he is now only inches away from me and has forced me to eat from the corner of the table. Alas, this was as intimate as the service got that day.
- The constant waiting was absurd. We waited a long time to place our order, to get our second appetizer and the entrée, and to get the check.
- Lastly, and this is the kicker, when we finally got the check, we were double-charged for the second appetizer that took forever to arrive! We brought this, along with the other issues, to the attention of the restaurant manager, who didn't even comp the $6 dish. Instead, he offered us a 10% discount...on a $30 bill. How generous.
Han Chiang, I know you've been busy building your empire (the one in NYC opened not too long ago, and I think I read somewhere that there are plans to expand to the west coast too), but please don't neglect the location that put you on the map in the first place. Keep cooking the deliciously spicy food, bring back the diligent service, and your regulars will support you along the way.A truly memorable meal!
We had a large party of 15 or so and had made a reservation so that we wouldn't be broken up throughout the establishment. We were promptly seated on the basement level of the restaurant, but you don't really need decor when you've got plenty of company. Initially, Han had suggested that we not individually order but allow him to present us with the chef's choice of dishes for our crew. Most were amenable to the idea but because of varying preferences in spice level we decided to buddy up and pick individual dishes to share. If I visit again with such a large group, I think I'll be more open to Han's suggestions now that I know that a spice level of 4 is really more like an 8 for me! Then again, I don't know how I'd feel if tripe showed up in front of me. 
The pork fried dumplings were tender and delicious and not at all couched in a ridiculous amount of chewy, dough that you find at other chinese restaurants. The cold sesame noodles, with just the right amount of tang, are a must in my opinion to give your palate a rest from the heat of so many chilis. I shared a plate of the garlic sauce style chicken and, while more spicy than I am used to, was still delicious when folded into fluffy white rice. Many of the guys in our group jumped right into the dry pot style dishes to prove their mettle in the face of the dreaded level 10. I'm happy to say everyone made it out alive after consuming many pitchers of water. We didn't get to experience Han's signature service, but our waiter was just as phenomenal - jovial and friendly and accommodating. The food was quite reasonably priced considering the portion sizes and quality of ingredients. I think when all was said and done between tax and tip, I paid $20 for my shared chicken dish and dumplings. I certainly appreciate that Han's provides free "refills" on rice. 
I wouldn't recommend this place for children given the spiciness of the food, but by all means skip the Stephen Starr, get your best friends together, pick up some wine or beer and treat yourselves to a delicious, filling meal. Then, head down the block and put out the fire in your tummy with good beer at Eulogy.I visited Han Dynasty in Old city once before.  It's a great location.  This delectable food is meant to be enjoyed with large groups of friends and family.
The food was scrumptious!This place is just terrific.  Excellent food.  Prompt, efficient service.  A real gem.Holy Han. This is such a delicious restaurant with great service and atmosphere. I called ahead and spoke to Mark to get a table for 4 on a Sunday night. We arrived about 15 minutes early to our reservation. We checked in with Mark who took our number to call us when our table was ready. The restaurant was packed! At exactly 8 PM, we had a call from Mark saying our table was ready. When we sat down, we were immediately brought wine glasses for our wine (it's a BYOB) water and menus. We figured out what we were going to order and when we ordered, the waiter advised us that all of our dishes were sweet and that we needed some spicy to accompany our choices. He helped us tweak our order. It was an unexpected, but pleasant surprise to have a waiter actually consult us on our order. The food was outstanding - the cucumber appetizer and cold sesame noodles are great. We had a garlic beef dish, cumin lamb, and a chicken dish. We live in Texas and literally dream about the food. Run, do not walk or bus it to Han Dynasty.Writing this review as I eat...
I've been a long time HAN DYNASTY fan, but recently their signature dish, DAN DAN NOODLES, has fallen off the map. The noodles are smaller/thinner and don't have the same texture or taste from just a couple months ago. 
Mr. Han is probably saving a few pennies by switching his noodle distributor, but let me tell u this. It's not worth it.  As the saying goes, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. 
Go back to the old DAN DAN!!
EDIT: 2017 - DAN DAN seems to be back to normal.  Thanks Mr. Han!
EDIT 2: Mid 2017 - heard about the racist punks jumping Mr. Chiang. Hope you're doing better!  Updated my review to 5 stars. My typical Han Dynasty experience.I finally made it. I've been wanting to try Han Dynasty for what feels like forever and I thankfully was not let down. 
First off, our server was great. He explained the spicy levels really well, gave us a heads up on the corkage fee and even suggested a way to course out our meal and test the waters in terms of our spicy tolerance. It was awesome. 
After receiving our round of appetizers, I realized that I was not aware of the serious heat in the dishes at all. I think I would top out at 6 on the heat scale of 1-10 and i always thought i could handle spice! I'm so glad we tested out different levels or else my poor friend (who isn't into serious spice) would have left hungry. Now that I've sufficiently warned you over the spice, I'll move on to what we actually ordered....
Yes, the dan dan noodles rocked. Thank god. I would have been so upset if i hated them. Next for apps, I loved the taiwanese sausage. It had a sweetness to it that was surprising and awesome. We also got the dumplings in chili sauce. I felt the chili sauce over powered the dumpling. I didn't really taste dumpling at all...just heat.
On to the main dishes...the three cup chicken was out of the world. It was sweet and salty and covered in sauce. Yum. I also loved the scallion style. I'm a lover of hoisin sauce so this was an easy decision. We got it with lamb and it was well cooked so i was happy. I also happened to love the rice they served with everything. Last, we got the ginger shredded duck. I liked it but i wanted it to be more gingery but I love ginger so may be it's just me. 
Basically, I thought the food and experience was very good.I would love to get back and experiment with some with their spicy levels more. I will definitely go back with my spicy adventuresome friends!This place is unlike any Chinese restaurant I've ever been to.  I stumbled onto this place just walking around looking for a meal and I knew from the moment I opened the menu that I was going to love it.  I've come to terms with the fact that I'm a spice addict and Han has all the heat I can handle!   It reminds me a little of a Thai restaurant with the different degrees of spiciness labeled on the dishes but of course in a Chinese style which is light years removed from the predictable menus of every other cookie cutter Chinese restaurant.  The dishes are very inventive, creative, and fresh and the ingredients compliment each other so well that I find myself eating everything together instead of pushing certain veggies to the side which I tend to do at less delicious places.  The portion sizes are pretty good i think (of course, when it's this tasty you always wish there was more!)   
When my out of town friends come to visit me, this is where I take them for dinner!I've been here three times so far - I always order the dry pepper chicken and dan dan noodles.  Both are very good as I like the flavors but the chicken dish is quite small...not enough to fill me up :( I also tried the bok choy the other day and it was a bit overcooked. I would go back to this place but will try something different.We were very disappointed with our recent visit.  We have been to the Han Dynasty in Exton location many times, starting right when it opened.  We talked to Han and his mother many times. The quality at that store, which used to be stellar, has lately been inconsistent and service is usually minimal, at best.  However, we wanted to give the Philadelphia location a try.  We were a group of four and made a reservation for Sunday night at 5:00PM.  We arrived right on time and were shown to a table.  And then, we waited...and waited.  At least 20 minutes later a waiter came over and took our order.  We never saw him again.  He literally disappeared.  Somebody (a busboy?) brought our appetizers and then we waited another 30 minutes or so.  We could see a waiter very competently serving the nearby tables, and people getting their orders. We finally flagged him down and asked when our food was coming.  He said he would check.  By that time we had been at our table for almost an hour.  He came back about 10 minutes later with part of our order.  He was about to leave when we reminded him that one item was missing.  It was clear that part of our order had been sitting and getting cold and the other part forgotten.  The new guy hurried off and brought it about 3 minutes later.  The food was unimpressive. The eggplant in garlic sauce was drowning in sauce and some of the eggplants were hot, some lukewarm.  I ordered shrimp in garlic sauce, which arrived barely warmer than room temperature.  It was also overly saucy. The Three Cup Chicken was mushy and fatty.   Since we didn't have a waiter, there was nobody to complain to. Nobody came back to see if we needed anything. We finished quickly, flagged down the other guy and he brought us a check.  We paid and left.  This will be our last visit to any of the Han restaurants.Very popular little Schezuan restaurant in Old City. I showed up about 10 minutes to 7pm and put my name down for a table for 2. We were seated in about 30 - 40 minutes. The seating situation was rather hilarious with us first being told we need to finish eating on one hour. Then we were told our table would need to be moved. Finally we were told we can take our time to eat and our table didn't need to be moved. LOL. Glad it all worked out, but pretty funny how they choose to accomodate patrons on a busy night...
As for the food...def have to try the Dan Dan noodles! Delicious! The other dish we ordered was a tofu dish that I wasn't too fond of. Next time I will go back and do a chicken or fish dish. I did like the fact a pot of green tea was brought to the table. I think I probably ended up drinking almost all of that.Honestly, some of the best Chinese food I've had. I ordered the dry pot fired tofu. The portion was huge, making it not a bad deal at $13 or so. The level "10" spiciness of the dish wasn't too bad either. It's a good slow burn that really warms you up. On top of the food, the tea was excellent as well as the service. Highly recommend!Like the 5 stars says, Han Dynasty is as good as it gets. It's a big open restaurant with plenty of seating so your wait will probably be short if there is one. Service is always spot on, I have never had a bad experience and I have been here plenty of times. Just go and get the Dan Dan noodles. And if you take them home, just wait until you try them cold out of the fridge the next day!Han Dynasty has the best Chinese food I have ever eaten!  I no longer live in Philly, and I miss Han's food dearly.  Menu items I urge you to try:  Spicy Crispy Cucumbers as a cold appetizer, and Cold Sesame Noodles!  The Cold Sesame Noodles have a very simple flavor but are absolutely delicious.  I could eat a whole order on my own.  All of the entrees are delicious as well.  I particularly like the double cooked fish; however, they are not lying with the indication of how spicy some dishes can get.  The servers are super helpful on coaching you to make a wise decision for your palate.   
Other benefits-- Han Dynasty is BYOB and super accommodating for groups.  Han Dynasty is a must try for anyone visiting or living in Philly.It was up to the expectation, excellent cuisine with all the spices you can dream of, I had the dan dan noddles, the cucumber, the veggie with black mushroom, one of their pot, the flounder soup, it is better if you go 2 or more people and share everything, it is family size....and a great historical setting.Service was great, atmosphere was very nice and high end. To the good part the food was just how you want it nice and spicy along with some options that are not spicy and more sweet. The home made ginger ale was amazing must try if ya ginger ale fanatic like myself.Love this place ..food always great and its huge and cavernous.. Top of line bar.
Both table and bar service always spot on ..
Sean the bartender so friendly and efficient..
He is like an artist with his drink making skills ..
The wait staff is always so nice and professional too .
.EASILY the best chinese food in Philadelphia... maybe on the East coast.... maybe the western hemisphere... 
Beware: spicy here is not for the faint of heart. 
Get the Dan Dan noodles. This place is a great experience.This was seriously the worst two minutes that I've ever spent in a restaurant.  We walked in and there were very few customers and no employee to greet us.  A server came out, and was friendly enough and said he'd be right with us.  Then he came back, walked right past us, and went to answer the ringing phone.  Then he proceeded to take a To Go order.  That sucks when you are there, and you are ignored, while the person on the phone gets the attention.
Then a man asked if had reservations.  We said no.  And he make a "that's too bad" face, and asked us if we wouldn't mind sitting at a small table.  The restaurant was empty!  So, we said nevermind, and we left.
Then the guy that ignored us to answer the phone, came running out after us, and asked if there was a problem.  Very confrontational tone in his voice.  What a weird restaurant....Remember those old Looney Toons cartoons where a character would eat something super hot (usually from the Acme Co.) and steam would come out of their ears?
That's how I felt after my first meal at Han Dynasty.
Upon arriving, my first impression was that the service is excellent.  We got there a bit early (6 pm) on a Saturday and were seated immediately.  Our waiter was super nice and explained not only the different spice levels, but highlighted a few dishes (all of which I had read about here on Yelp) that appeal to newbies.
We decided to go with the dan dan noodles (obvi), the crispy cucumbers, dumplings in chili oil, and hot sauce style tofu.
Let me say this-- Dan dan lived up to the hype hype.
As for the other dishes, I liked the cucumber because it provided a brief respite from the crazy heat.  The dumplings were super tasty- although there wasn't much filling to them.  The hot sauce style tofu was good, but I would have liked some more veggies in there.  
Overall, a great meal with great service at a great price.  Looking forward to getting a dan dan fix fix sometime again soon!Our main waiter was a great communicator helping with a food allergy. Other waiters delivered most of the meal quite efficiently. We had a comfortable booth. The portions were large and served family style in a traditional Chinese manner which is one reason we went there. Most of the food seemed a bit salty but was fresh and attractive. The beef in the soup was taste-free. The lower star rating is based on the noise level and music consisting mainly of a bass beat. Not sure if we'd return but everyone looked happy and we had a nice evening with good service.Hey gang, a new restaurant review! Check it out here: http://www.hungryheath.com/2017/09/han-dynasty.html?m=1
#handynasty #schezwan #philadelphia
#philly #familydinner #travel #vacation #foodieblog #review #yummyIt's not bad. Their soups need alittle work though - you can tell they don't cook their broth with real bones for a long time. They also use tons of msg. I mean, a lot of msg. This is coming from a person in the food ingredient business. My girl friend and I don't mind msg. If fact many of the Vietnamese restaurants we goto use it however, they use way too much at han. 
They need to stop trying to grow so fast in other areas and focus on what they have by making the food a bit more delicious(To the tune of "Talking Body" by Tove Lo)
Heat, lots of heat
Your tastebuds when they meet that hot hot meat
Cukes cool it down
Tsingtaos hit the bar, get another round
Day drunk (or sober too), 
wanna just stay here
WIth noodles and beer.
Dry pepper fish is my fav
Bringing lots of flav
Could eat here every day....
Cuz if we're talking spicy
Han Dynasty's your spot, 
so lay it on me
Because some like it hot.
If you want the spice
They're there all night
On and on and on.
This location, nestled in the heart of Old City, is enormous and wonderful. They've got a great happy hour, and you could feasibly just spend a whole week working your way through the menu of appetizers, soups, noodles, and entrees. Spice ranking from 1-10 fit for any taste, but take it seriously. I've gone with buddies who have higher tolerance than I and ended up not feeling my tongue for the next day or two.
They've got a great back room or upstairs for large parties, and they really can cater to your budget or needs. Totally sweet bartenders, the food is always on point, and I love the color and warmth of the space.
If you skip the dry pepper fish, you're doing yourself a disservice.I've only ordered delivery from here, but I have to say, all the hype about the Dan Dan noodles is justified. The dumplings in chili sauce are also very tasty. I love spicy food. That being said, one of my BFF's mom makes the the spiciest Indian food I've ever had and it does not even compare to the lthe recommended level 6 of spice of the Dan Dan noodles. If you want to avoid sweating through your shirt while eating their noodles, I would suggest a lower level of spice than 6. But even being that spicy, I couldn't stop eating the noodles, so I can't imagine what kind of damage I would have done if I wasn't being a literal hot mess. I'm going to have to try Han Dynasty inside the restaurant next time along with some additional dishes.This place is definitely worth a trip - no doubt about it. However, you must make your reservations in advance or go for lunch (as we did). They're always slammed at night. The food is really tasty, but the menu isn't exactly expansive. Basically they have 8-10 preparations and you choose one and pick your meat/fish/veggie/etc - sort of what you'd expect from a Thai place. 
It looks expensive, but it's not because you get more than enough for two people to eat - it's family style. Thankfully our server made us aware of this before my girlfriend and I made the mistake of ordering two entrees. 
The Dan Dan noodles are a must try - so yummy. Writing this review makes me want to go back for lunch today. Yummmmmm!Han oh Han- what an absolute heaven this place is!
Been twice in two weeks since discovering this haven of spicy, flavorful explosions- once with the bf and another with a group of six.
Both times were an absolute blast. In particular our large party was fantastic- the waiter took the time to talk individually with each person and trust me we had quite the array of spice differences there.  We may have gotten a bit rowdy since we started off with jello shots but all the staff were leaughing along with us :)
Have had the 
- Dry pot (8) chicken which was extremely spicy but delish and gave enough for another meal at home
- Fried beef with peppers amazing and great flavor
- Dry pepper shrimp definitely very good, large shrimp however not enough veggies to actually eat
-Kung Pao definitely lots of flavor and still a bit spicy
We signed up for the tasting menu which has moved to every other Monday BUT we didn't get a spot until October 18!  If you are interested (and trust me I dream about this night) call immediately as I hear they are booked until December.
New FAVORITE restaurant in Philly!!Its an upscale version of chinese fast food. I don't get it. No frog? The signature sichuan dish in my opinion. Weird menu..... why the taiwanese, hunan, and shanghai thrown in at random. (Sausage, 3 cup chicken, lions head, tea smoked duck are all not sichuan dishes...) 4 rivers is much better and much more authentic in terms of no frills sichuan food, not as spicy, but better overall. 
dan dan and cukes are way overpriced (well everything is really) and really not that special. I've had better dan dan in a can.
PS - as an aside. Whoever wrote that most US chinese cuisine is either cantonese or mandarin and that this is something else is a bit wrong. mandarin and cantonese are 2 speech dialects .... not cooking styles. Chinese cooking has 8 styles. Cantonese is the most popular in US. However, "mandarin" does not exist as a cooking style. Sichuan (or szechwan) is also one and is one outta two that use spiciness as a main flavor the other being hunan. Hopefully this will unconfuse some people...Be prepared to wait a long time for a table, usually around 45 minutes, even if you have a reservation. I know, it sucks. But once you start eating, I promise you won't care one bit.
Obviously if you don't like your food spicy, you shouldn't eat here. Luckily, Hubby and I love spicy things, so we just dove in. We went a little crazy with the appetizers because we wanted to try everything. We had the dumplings in chili oil, dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumber and pork belly in garlic sauce. I loved the bright acidity of the dumplings, and the noodles were perfectly balanced for me. These were my favorites of the night and I could make a whole meal with just those. The pork belly was not my favorite. It was very chewy and almost slimy, and the flavor was not quite right. I probably won't order that again. The spicy cucumber was awesome. The contrast of the heat to the fresh, watery cucumber flavor was really surprising and pleasing to my palate. 
For our entree, we shared the chicken dry pot. We asked them to tone down the spice on it a bit and it was still very hot. Certainly not inedibly hot, but we were both sweating. I really enjoyed the warm flavors. Hubby is not a huge fan of five spice, so he was not crazy about this. 
Even with the wait, this was still a great experience. It's awesome to be able to have some real legit Sichuan food readily available for a very reasonable price.I think this place looks quite eccentric with the high ceiling inside and the broad and spacious dining area. Food was ok. I had the salt and pepper tempura scallops and fried dumplings here. The reason I give this place 2 stars is because I paid over $20 for partially over cooked scallops and when scallops are over cook they become rubber to the point where you have to spit it out because you can't swallow it. The fried dumplings were fine but the dough that they were wrapped in was rather thick, also they were seared on the stove top so I don't know why they would call them fried, only one side was brown. I probably won't go back.I was impressed by the food, service, and ambiance of this place. I was visiting Philadephia for the New Year, and the first encounter that I had with food in Philly was the Dan Dan noodles at this place. I am someone that can't eat spicy food. Nevertheless, I relished it beyond words. Then, we asked the staff to lower the spice level a bit (because of me), and we were served more awesome food with the right spice level for my taste. The fish (I can't reckon the exact item in the menu, but it was fish in a fish-chilli oil sort of gravy) was succulent beyond words! 
If you are a hot-and-spicy food lover, please land here!
If you aren't, then also land here. They will accomodate you and you will not be sorry.I come to this place pretty often. The venue is large, although somewhat kitschy in a "brazil" kind of way, but appropriate. Awesome place for a date. The food is amazing for the price. Get the Dan Dan noodles, which is always amazing. Wouldn't get their duck though. Expensive and not that great tasting. Will come back, obviously.Tried the Dan Dan noodle which was like regular chinese takeout noddles (minus the pork strips, shrimp, etc.) with hot chilly garlic oil. It was very very greasy and you're better off ordering chinese takeout. The pork belly bun was good and the bartenders were good. The Taiwanese sausage was merely just one sausage that I could have bought at my local Asian supermarket, what a waste of money!
Would not go here again.LOVE the food here. Everything is delicious. Things you need to order are Dan Dan Noodles, Cucumber salad and the Schequan chicken. If you are looking for spicy food, Hans is the place to dine at.For starters, I'm not the biggest fan of SPICY spicy food, the kind that make you grow nonexistent balls and sweat them. In fact, and I'm kind of ashamed to admit, I don't eat kimchi very well because it's too spicy. I'm Korean, so I get a lot of crap for it.
Anyway, so I was a little apprehensive when my friend and her boyfriend hosted a luncheon at this place known for their spicy food. 
The 8 of us sat at a round table with one of those round spinning trays for foods in the middle. The Han Dynasty guru of the group ordered a bunch of stuff, ranging in hotness from 2-10, I think. Since we had a lot of people, we got to taste a variety of foods: peanutty noodles, shrimps, beef, spicy cucumber, fish, etc.
As we carefully tried each one, there were a lot of "mmmm"s. Not too many "oh F*@# THAT's SPICY!!!". In fact, their food was surprisingly not that hot. The Han Dynasty guru made us guess the spiciness level of the fish on the scale of 1-10, and my friend and I guessed 3. Well, it turned out to be a 10.
Most items were very delicious and full of flavors and texture. I think it was a fantastic way to try out the different items, and it only came out to $15/person including tip. 
The waiter/owner chased us out to the streets because of the tip situation. We definitely paid tip, so not sure what happened.... but the service was definitely very brute and not all that pleasant. And we were with a regular/owner's friend too! So I can only imagine how the more sensitive people feel about the service...
Overall, it's a good place to go with a group of friends if you're new, go if you're craving some good, pretty spicy Asian food without frills.Great spot in Old City.
I love this place for its Dan Dan noodles, fantastic service, and BYOB Tuesdays.  The Dan Dan noodles are listed under appetizers, but I found them to be perfectly adequate as an entree.  Combine that with BYOB Tuesday and it's a great value!Oh man, I didn't expect this at all! All of the reviews were so glowing, I was excited to eat here. I ordered take-out--it took under 5 minutes for my food to be ready, which made me nervous and I should have known right there. I read one review that said their common ingredient is spicy grease-oil, well that person was right! First off, the Dan Dan noodles were flour spaghetti noodles! I could not believe my eyes and mouth. They were overcooked and sticky, and soaked in the spicy grease and topped with a meager portion of what I think was fried pork (?), I'm not sure. I took one bite that I thought included some kind of shredded herb, but much to my surprise it was a piece of metal Brillo pad! I lost my appetite :( I'm glad I only wasted $10, but I feel sick and uneasy, and wish I had eaten somewhere else. I would never recommend Han Dynasty!Best Chinese food I've ever had...living in LA that's a tall order for any restaurant outside of the west coast. Oh yeah...sit at the bar...great ambiance.