The reason for my not so great review is because of their lack of selection for toppings. They don't have any of the good stuff! Some of my favorite things to get when I go to froyo shops are brownie bits, cheesecake pieces, Heath, and popping boba (I think that's what they're called?). This place didn't have any of those things on the 2 occasions I went. They had a few different kinds of fruit, Reese's cups, some wafer cookie things, and a few other things in dispensers. Meh. For the most part I like this place and I'd go back if my friends were going, but I wouldn't be the one to suggest it. 
The decor and theme is really nice though. They even have creative names for their froyo flavors.Cute little cafe. Desserts and drinks are reasonably priced. Taste great. Different variety. However it gets a little crowded and it feel a little dirty inside.This place is magical. Try the butter beer! Pro tip: drink it there - you will feel like your mouth is in Hogsmeade. The frozen yogurts are all delicious and the decor is great for movie buffs. The crème brûlée is very good - from a connoisseur of such treats. I also can never leave without a peanut butter peanut cup cookie. Oh, and the macaroons and ... Everything.I love this place!! I come here once a week- peanut butter is the best flavor- it's so creamy I can't believe it's not ice cream. Also love Nutella, gingerbread and pumpkin! Friendly service- great neighborhood spot.I really enjoy this place. Really. I do. Good froyo and treats, solid coffee, great location, and all the nerdy stuff you can possibly oogle at while indulging a sweet tooth.
But don't serve savory items unless you know how to execute them. I.e. eggs benedict should have poached eggs and ham that isn't cheapo lunchmeat. The waffle base was quite tasty. Everything else was poor in quality, including my friend's panini that she said tasted frozen. 
I hatehatehate picking on service, but the guy there was really.... just, rude. sorry for ordering food off of the menu and not just coming in for coffee and dessert?Had crime brûlée here. 
Great service and overall experience. 
Very clean. Serve are nice.
Will gladly return to try everything else.Happily ever after was such a great find! the trendy inside was so cute and the coffee was great. Definitely one of my favorite coffee spots in the city.This place is so adorable! Everything is super kawaii and the macrons are lovely! I also ordered the butterbeer, and speaking as someone who has gotten the real thing from universal studios, this is just as tasty! Well done!Came here after getting dinner at Sonny's and I really loved it! I'm from the west coast and go to LA often where liquid nitrogen ice cream is pretty popular so I already knew what it was and was pretty shocked to see it out here! So awesome on this store's end for being ahead of the game! 
My first impression when I came in was "wow" this place has everything! From boba to liquid nitrogen ice cream to ramen, etc. How perfect! 
I came in for the liquid nitrogen ice cream so that is what I got! I chose Thai tea and for a double scoop it was $7.99. A little pricey, but you pay for the hype right? Was very impressed at their wide range of flavors to choose from. Couple interesting ones to note: Wasabi?! Wish I got to try that. 
My Thai tea ice cream was great and toppings were free (even better!) so I packed on some mochi and strawberries. My only reason for the 4 stars is the lady that was taking my order was a little rude and snappy. She didn't exactly seem like she wanted to be there. 
Other than that, great place!This place is a great little gem in Old City. Instead of garish bright colors that froyo joints seem to go with these days, every little detail is a clever nod to a beloved movie or pop culture reference. I feel like I see something new every time I walk in! Not to mention, the froyo is tasty and the toppings are not lacking. 
Highly recommend.Fun atmosphere with a lot of humor- and film-themed memorabilia. The snacks and desserts here are tasty and many of them unique and relatively healthy/high quality like the acai bowl - great place to pick up a snack before/after a movie.This place is a super cute and cozy movie-themed cafe. My boyfriend and I came here specifically for the acai bowls and they did not disappoint! Perfect for breakfast. We were able to sample a couple of the froyos and they were also very good (especially the pumpkin spiced one!).
We also talked to the owner as he made our food, seemed like an awesome guy! Great customer service! We will definitely be back to try other things!This place was amazing! Great toppings and yogurt flavors, plus the setting put my whole family in a good mood.We were walking down the street and came across this place. I noticed all the cute details from outside the store that i had to go in. The whole place is decorated with iconic pieces from famous movies and or decades. Anyway i had to order something while i was admiring the store. I ordered a zen tea and a vanilla macaron. The macaron was a little on the sweet side but i only had 1 so that wasnt that bad. They had Star Wars cookies but were priced at nearly $4. I wouldve loved to try the Pistacchio Yoda cookie for its cuteness or the Chocolate Darth Vader but i was skeptical in the taste and wasnt planning on paying that much for a single cookie. Still thought the store was cool.Stopped by after dinner down the street. We shared the nutella cupcake which was delicious. I had a hit chocolate which was also very good.
The menu had tons of options and it seems the liquid nitrogen ice cream is the reason to come. The challenge is the poor girl working by herself could not keep up with the demand and the wait was long. Otherwise everything else was great.Nice selection of desserts and I love the concept of a late night dessert place. I got a small cookie that was pretty good, but the main thing I got was a piece of Nutella cappuccino cheesecake. Honestly, it was pretty beat. Not very flavorful and a bit hard. It shouldn't be work for me to put my fork through a slice of cheesecake, but it was for this. I don't recommend that.
But, my wife got the fro-yo and was into it. I'm confident things besides the cheesecake are good.I hadn't had Nutella in any form prior to ordering the Nutella waffle and wow it was so delicious! Never really crowded, not insanely expensive, and located right in old city so really easy to find. The interior alone is very fun and inviting, definitely should check it out.Great spot for desserts in Old City: if you're looking for something cold and sweet, they probably have something that'll tickle your fancy. Good service, great atmosphere.Nitro ice cream was amazing! Extra creamy and full of flavor. That's what she said anyway. Lmao, very satisfied and enjoyable to watch. Definitely be back.We were wondering around Philly late at night, looking for ice cream and we found this awesome froyo place.  Lots of choices on toppings and the geek stuff they have about was so cool.  That was a neat experience.Note: this place is no longer organic as of fall.  
When they did have organic froyo it blew me away.  The best ever in the country- it was a must to go as often as possible. 
Now, it's another plain froyo joint.  Nothing that blows my mind but is just as good as yogurtland. Sprinkles are good, plenty if fruit toppings and other flavored toppings.  I'm not a fan of the dispensers though because it always pours too much out (and then you get charged by the ounce).
It's a good place to go to with indoor and outdoor seating.  But BRING THE ORGANIC FROYO BACK. I would pay more for it just because it was that good. 
Flavors today:
Original tart 
Gingerbread
Vanilla 
Mango (soo good)
Peanut butter
Dark chocolate
Strawberry
Nutella
The consistency and flavors are very well made. 
They used to print on their napkins too, but didn't see them today.This place is really cool. It has fun treats and a fun design. The staff was really nice as well. I split the resses Belgian waffle with my fiancé and got his sister a strawberry and a nutella macaroon. She said they were amazing.Favorite spot for dessert in Philly! I am a huge of desserts and this is really the only place I come to when I'm in the mood for something sweet. Nice interior with cute decorations and display from Star Wars, the Simpsons, and various Disney movies. Additionally, the staff is always so welcoming and friendly!the new kid on the block seems to have quickly set itself on top of the old city froyo triforce of power.  how did they do that you ask?  well, with really fresh and creamy tasting frozen yogurts, a plethora of toppings, kitschy movie decorations and friendly customer service.  now becoming my new favorite place in the neighborhood for dessert. i get tired of waiting in line at franklin fountain sometimes and i just feel better about myself when i indulge in "fat free" yogurts instead of ice cream (i still love you franklin fountain).  
when it comes to bubble tea, their tapioca bubbles themselves have the perfect taste and texture but the blended powder preparation doesn't hold up to the chinatown bubble tea spots.  the smoothie style might be the way to go here.Very cute place decorated with a bunch of movie memorabilia.  I ordered a banana bubble tea... really tasty!I had the strawberry cheesecake waffle. It was so rich! There were many tasty pieces of cheesecake, strawberry and banana, as well as bits of caramel. The waffle was covered with vanilla yogurt instead of cream which looks healthier. The portion is huge compared to the prize.I wonder how this place even has 4.5 stars.  Disappointment is an understatement for this joint.
We swung by on a whim, hunting for some caffeine.  I spent $7 on an iced chai latte, that straight up tastes like watered down almond milk with a sprinkle of cinnamon, and double shot espresso OVER ICE.  The kicker?  The double shot espresso over ice was served in a mouth wash sized cup with 3 cubes of ice floating in the tiny paper cup.  Are you kidding me?
Guess it goes to show that just because a joint got fancy coffee equipment doesn't guarantee a good cup of coffee.This place is absolutely awesome! Quirky, casual and different, you can't help but feel at home here. The fro-yo is awesome and they even have fun names for the flavors like "the dark side."  I highly recommend the nutella macaroons. DELICIOUS! Forget Starbucks, if you are in the area head here.  It's much higher quality for about the same price.this awesome place is great not only for its delicious ice cream but also for its interior decoration. my children were excited!! i had vanilla and chocolate nitrogen ice cream and both were really good. i will definitely come here again if i visit philadelphia again !I got bubble tea here and was disappointed by it for multiple reasons. It was weird to me that half the drink was filled with ice and that made it harder to get the bubbles, which were hard. The taro flavor itself was okay, but the drink was overflowing the cup and there must have been a hole somewhere because for some reason while drinking it I kept spilling the drink. I'm not usually picky about bubble tea but I didn't love the experience. If I come back it will be to try other things on their menu.The instant nitrogen  icecreme was fantastic. You don't wanna go to other icecreme places once you try it. My friend liked the selection of the homemade froyos and also loved the bubble tea. My friend doesn't like too sweet, so she asked the staff to reduce the syrup. She finished the buble tea in a few minutes : )Really cute, movie-themed cafe with really tasty frozen yogurt and desserts. 
I enjoyed the vanilla, vanilla cheesecake and nutella flavors and coconut, mochi, banana and choc. syrup. 
Very friendly staff as well. 
A definite return to follow. 
Duhlicious!A cute little cafe in Old City that is well-decorated, clean, and just all-around adorable. To be honest I've only been once and I suppose the item I ordered (a canelé) wasn't what this place is known for, but the experience was wonderful and it definitely makes my list for Old City.
The service was solid, as the cashier and the owner were friendly, approachable, and engaging without being overbearing. The decor was a delight in and of itself, especially the Simpsons' lego house, which the owner said he put together himself.
If ever in Old City again, I'll definitely stop by for the fro-yo!3.5 stars! Stopped in after lunch at Sonny's. Loved the decor- definitely right up my alley.  Was with my girlfriends who were visiting and one friend ordered the jumbo s'mores which was so fun looking! Graham cracker bottom with a chocolate dipped marshmallow which then to order, they blow torch it for you.  She loved it, I didn't try it, but it sure was beautiful!  She also devoured a butterbeer!  She said it was basically the most delicious thing she had ever eaten/drank.  It was certainly pretty!  I tasted it- it was super sweet.  Personally, I wouldn't be able to drink the whole one, but I would love to share it with someone!  My other friend had a beautiful latte and we shared two macarons.  You know, macarons are my favorite.  These weren't worth it in my opinion. You could tell they were store bought or at the very least, not homemade.  
They had a great menu and I'd definitely return to try some of their other options.I was meeting up some friends for dinner in Philadelphia, but I got here pretty early. So I decided to stop by and walk around the downtown area for a bit. A bit of exploring of the streets adjacent to Independence Hall led me to this interestingly decorated coffee shop.
I walked in to find that I was the only customer there at the time. I went to order a cappuccino from the barista, and made a quick pit stop while I waited for my drink. I saw some pretty cool decor, and I could tell that the owner of this place really likes movies.
As I walked out of the restroom, I kept spotting interesting decor along the way. The best part about the decor: I spotted Wilson! (For those that don't know, watch the movie Cast Away).
The coffee was pretty good, and the barista was nice. We had a short conversation about the area. Apparently, Philadelphia was voted the rudest city in the US a few years back. I didn't see that while I was here, but that's probably because I'm from LA, and we have a similar reputation.
This coffee shop is nice, come here for a cup of Joe and take a break from Philly's winter weather.I come here during every Pride and I'm never disappointed. It's a great place to cool down (my favorites are the Nutella waffle and the berry peachy smoothie) and all the pop culture arcana is rad.Dessert was awesome. Really liked the theme yet to try nitro ice cream reviews to come.If you love movies, you will love the decor here. From Star Wars references to Wall-e, this place is decked with cool decor. As for the food, I tried the chocolate waffle and it was pretty good. I'd happily go back here any day.Shop is cute. But coffee is burnt and pretty bad. Their froyo isn't that good either. Haven't tried their waffle or boba tea, but I might skip it.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this cute little café.  Obviously made with the chic geek in mind, it's set up with stuffed animals, cozy seating that encourages conversation, and some seating for more private interaction.  
The TV's run a silent montage of on point geekery, and the music is just loud enough to be heard, but not so loud it inhibits conversation and socialization.  Neither is it so loud that it will impede any reading or studying that you may want to do while you're there. 
I ordered the Shin Ramen.  It was a little spicer than I expected, but I'm a spice wimp.  I also ate the entire bowl, so it wasn't so spicy I couldn't eat it.  For a bowl of Ramen $6.
To drink, I ordered a berry and peach smoothie.  YUM!  Smoothie $4. A great price, especially for old city.  
They were giving out samples of their frozen yogurt.  I had the strawberry blast.  I'll be back for more of that.  Maybe today after work.  SO GOOD.  
I am so happy I wandered in here.  They also specialize in desserts... maybe I'll need to treat myself.  I expect it'll be delicious!Not only the best froyo in old city, but the best froyo in the entire city.  I've tried them all, and am happy to have the latest addition to the philly market so close to home (though bad news for my waistline).Great coffee,tea,frozen yougurt ,bakery items n sandwiches..owner n counter girl very friendly,nice attitude and hard working ..nice selection.a lot old movie nostalgia..cool music..super clean ..everything very fresh ..many options for waffles..busy so that always a good sign ...highly recommendedThis cute cafe FINALLY opened up in what was a dilapidated, boarded up, prime location for years.  Yay.  I can't complain about another dessert, yogurt, and coffee place opening up within a few blocks of my house.  
I went in a day or two after it opened and ordered a fruit shake/smoothie.  They don't use sweeteners or syrups, which I totally appreciate.  I don't think it was "healthy" by any stretch of the imagination, but it was tasty.  They had some free samples of baked goods there which were good.  It seems they will carry French canneles regularly, which I'm a fan of.  
The man at the counter, who I assume is the owner, was super friendly and welcoming.  The decor was cute and a bit odd.  They had some random framed movie posters and benches that looked like keys from a computer keyboard. 
I'll be back to try more desserts and their "hand mixed" yogurt, whatever that means.I was leaving Sonny's Famous Steaks and stumbled upon Happily Ever After (located next door). I'm a dessert fiend,so I had to satisfy my sweet tooth before coming back to VA. I ordered a slice of Nutella cheesecake. Happily Ever After  cheesecake was tasty. The smooth texture was perfect. Nutella and chocolate is a good combination in my opinion. The dessert shop is small with some seating throughout (cool decor).Its a cool place to socialize with friends. Staff was friendly during checkout. Happily Ever After sells drinks and other desserts as well. I'll be back to explore the menu more. Parking can be a hassle at times (street). Happily Ever After is a good choice for cheesecake in Philly.I only tried the frozen yogurt so far but I like that there weren't a ton of flavors being offered. HEA focused on maybe five flavors and it wasn't overdone like a chain restaurant. Same with the toppings. Scaled down when compared to a chain and you could tell that the fruit was actually fresh and hand cut. The candy toppings were legit (like little Reese's PB cups that actually tasted like they should, as opposed to tasting like stale little lumps of plastic). The place is cute and nicely decorated. Good view and fun to people watch while eating something sweet.Love this atmosphere! All lover of Star Wars need to go. Delicious ice cream & obsessed  w the butter beer. Highly recommend.My husband and I are on our honeymoon touring East Coast ballparks and seeing some sights along the way. We're from Orange County, CA. We were referred here by a local bartender. Great recommendation!!! This place is awesome!
My husband got fro-yo - mixed peanut butter, chocolate, vanilla, and cappuccino. He LOVED it! I ordered the Butterbeer (like from Harry Potter). It's absolutely delicious!!!
It's also super cute. Themed after movies, etc. The fro-yo flavors have clever names, and I'm sitting next to a table that is a Lego Simpsons house. So cool!!! Highly recommend.We had the strawberry waffle and it was great. Not too sweet and just enough to share for two. Kind of fun decor to look at. Someone must be a Star Wars fan.Stopped by for an espresso because everything was closed. The Coffee sucks even through they have a Beautiful machine. Oh yes, they double charged my CCard, so now I have to call the CCard company blah blah blah.  I have to say this again - the coffee really sucks.Awesome little place in Old City. Owner and employees are all super nice, and very good with answering questions. Super cute inside, with allot of good options. The dragon's breath is allot of fun when dining with a group. Will definitely be coming back many times!Love this place and their belgian waffles! I also tried their mango korean shaved ice which was pretty delicious.This is a fun coffee shop which serves sweets like frozen yogurt and has a lot of movie quotes, and even a replica of the Millenium Falcon hanging from the ceiling!  Star Wars is featured prominently, and there are movie quotes all over the walls from many cult classics.
It all adds to the fun ambience.  I only had a coffee, so I can only comment on that, but it was very good, well balanced and the equal of most small, individually-owned coffee shops.  Price was in line with others.  I like this place.  It's fun.I don't know if the ice cream is good or not, we did not get the opportunity to try. 
We were a group of 25 looking for dessert after dinner and the goth like employee was rude and had an attitude with us before we were able to order anything. Needless to say, we took our money elsewhere.I love this place best best best froyo ever. I also had the Nutella Strawberry Belgian waffle which was beautiful but less than I expected in taste, the batter was a little off it tasted eggie instead of like a good ole cakie fluffy waffle. Other than that macarons are very small and overpriced compared to other places. But I love the froyo.Okay, so I'm a sucker for any place that has a sense of humor, and Happily Ever After definitely has that. The new cafe has seating inside, with amusingly shaped stools that look like keyboard tiles, and even has restrooms for customers. The menu is relatively similar to other froyo shops, with slightly expanded to make it more of a cafe (think drinks, and soon baked goods).
But it seems like their primary offering is self serve frozen yogurt (in HILARIOUS names, like Bond's Tartini, and Vanilla Ice's namesake, etc) with a bunch of different toppings, including candies for the kids and lots of different fresh fruit, plus sauces. You can go to town here, and honestly the froyo itself, seemingly regardless of flavor but I didn't try them all, is creamy and pretty thick, and the flavors are great - LOVE the green tea, and seriously NUTELLA froyo?! They should just have a big sign outside advertising that flavor alone and they will be an instant success.
I didn't hear about the rewards program they apparently offer (awesome if true!), but the staffer offered me samples of two of the baked goods that they're going to start offering: a cheesecake bar, which was pretty tasty with a crunchy cookie-like base with a creamy cheesecake layer on top, and a nutella brownie, which was dense, moist, chocolatey but only lightly nutella-flavored. Still quite yummy - they should offer it with the nutella froyo (and I missed the nutella whipped cream, but if that's there then...score!) for a super nutella froyo brownie sundae! They don't have many different flavors of froyo, but enough variety to please most people, and the prices are comparable to every other froyo place around the city. Check them out - especially if the line at Franklin Fountain is too long ;)Had the butterbeer and the macaroons both were very good. Different type of atmosphere but my friends enjoyed their froyo
 Would go backStumbled upon this place as we were leaving Sonny's.  The nitrogen potato chip ice cream is the best ice cream I've ever had! It was so creamy! The kids enjoyed watching them make it. Hubby got the kahlua flavor which was slamming too. The decor at this place was so much fun. The staff is super friendly. We will definitely be making this our new desert spot.Nutella, was the magic word that caught my eye as we walked by this cute little place. Nutella frozen yogurt to be more specific. Honestly how could anyone just keep walking?
Happily Ever After did deliver! We where offered some free samples and and the Nutella was perfect. Tons of toppings if you like. I just had it straight. Yummm.
The place itself is very clean and has a fun decor. People behind the counter where very friendly. All and all, I can't wait to go back.A wide variety of interesting and delicious desserts. Dragon's breath is a very fun dessert, even though it isn't the most flavorful. I enjoy myself every time I go.Amazing waffles! The Acai bowl is delicious. The staff is pleasant and always smiling. The place is always clean. Excellent place to go for some fro-yo, etc.Overall a great place. Cleaning and fun interior. I had a ham egg and cheese croissant which was excellent. I also got half a dozen macaroons and unfortunatly the vanilla ones were hard but the other four were delicious. I'd go back.People, they have nutella froyo.
If that's not enough to convince you to try this place out, then we obviously cannot be friends.  So to my non-friends... other highlights include: organic, made right in the back from scratch, local froyo and other fare, deeeeeelicious hot chocolate, various marshmallow creatures, local art, friendly staff and all around yummyness.this place is so cute and the Belgian waffles are delicious! the frozen yogurt flavors are a little limited but everything else is perfect. the workers are all really friendly and willing to accommodate custom orders.Love this place..great froyo n tons of toppings n  smoothies,waffles, breakfast options n healthy options abound.
Very clean ..super friendly owner & staff . owner a movie buff so plenty of nostalgic stuff & always something to watch on tube ..thanks guys for being my go to spot ..What a delightful find. My wife and I were strolling the area after dinner and wanted something sweet as well as coffee. We walked in and placed an order for a creme brûlée and a cup of coffee. The owner informed me that this desert would need to be for dine in only. We agreed to have a seat really expecting this to be delivered to our table with 2 regular paper cups of coffee. Much to our surprise, what was brought to us was 2 large porcelain mugs of coffee and our creme brûlée on on a decorative platter. It was fantastic and a wonderful way to end our evening.I came here with a friend on the weekend for a desserts outting after seeing the many wonderful yelp reviews online. It definitely lived up to my expectations! Between the tasteful decor of movies and fairy tales and the story-themed soundtrack, Happily Ever After offers a great selection of food and drinks so that a coffee lover, a health nut, and a sweets lover can all enjoy what the shop has to offer. 
I had the acai bowl and my friend had cream cheese froyo. The acai bowl was gorgeous looking and tasted great although a little pricey. I was personally not particularly impressed with their selection of froyo flavors but was happy to see more thematic choices like butter beer and sluffee on the menu. Would definitely recommend this as a perfect hang out place in old city! Will visit again!This is a great froyo shop. They are open late and the atmosphere couldn't be cooler. The staff is fun and willing to cater to your creations. Each thing they have is quite unique and very good.My favorite part about Happily ever after  (besides the Nutella froyo!!) Is that they serve One Village coffee, and NOT La Colombe! It shows that the owner did his research before deciding on coffee. La Colombe being served is an obvious indication of bad (or lazy) taste. Also, the employees are super sweet and the store decor is fun! An old city must.Excelente trato y servicio muy bien decorado siempre tienen una pelicula en la tele en casa de que vayas solo , mi hermano probo el yogurt y estaba muy bueno yo compre un creme brulee con un chocolate muy rico ambos ademas compre dos galletas reeses lo unico que le falta es mas variedad de postres estilo pastelesSick atmosphere, butterbeer was super delicious and so were the smoothies. You have to try their dragons breath! Liquid nitrogen food is awesome.Cool place, smells great, open late, but they advertise "the best" froyo. It is the worst i have had; not terrible but simply lesser. I would go back and try a waffle instead...the BEST frozen yogurt I've ever had. and it's organic and most are fat free??? yea please. also.. NUTELLA fro yo?! YES PLEASE. and they're very nice!A very cute DIY froyo and dessert cafe with a movie theme. Cute little movie touches throughout the cafe, including a shoutout to Totoro (woot woot!!) and a butterbeer drink (homage to Harry Potter). 
The froyo was surprisingly very good- something I wasn't expecting. We had the belgian waffle topped off with nutella froyo and fresh strawberries. The waffle was made fresh; it's a nice touch to smell it cooking in the waffle iron, waiting in anticipation for it. The froyo had bits of nutella running through a creamy milky chocolate base (almost similar to a stracciatella with it's ribbons of chocolate). A completely different version and interpretation chocolate hazelnut froyo compared to other places.As soon as I walked in I knew I had found the cafe for me. Decorated with images from Totoro, Disney, superheroes, and more, and a menu that includes Butterbeer! Very comfortable, fun place to hang out, drink a unique beverage, and eat some frozen yogurt, a panini, or other snack. I will definitely go again the next time I am in Philadelphia.Very cute cafe and the whole place is decorated with movie theme. I definitely recommend nitrogen ice cream especially their Thai tea flavor! I never really enjoyed Thai tea but this was really good! We also got strawberry Nutella waffle (honestly can't go wrong with that)
I will definitely be returning to this cafe!Super cute shop and interesting concept with the dry ice. We shared the puffs in dry ice within our family and had a great time. The dry ice cream was also fun. Wished the staff was more helpful with our order instead of making us feel almost unwelcome in the store. We would've order more if they would've helped us.The ambience was nice and the place was clean with lots of cute decor, but that's about it. The frozen yogurt, which is self-serve, was tasteless (which is pretty hard to do, it being sugary and all) and the macarons were dry and not very appetizing. My friends got the cheesecake and it was very heavy and not "melt in your mouth" like cheesecake is meant to be.Stopped by on Christmas Day!
1. appreciated the fact that they were open!
2. Strawberry and Nutella waffle was amazing
3. Americano was also good!  
Thank you again for being there when the rest of town is a ghost town!I hate froyo - it's usually wildly disappointing and all I can think about when I eat it is that I wish it were ice cream.  But it's not like that here - they have a small selection of specialty flavors and they are delicious.  I love the vanilla, classic tart, mango, pumpkin, and cream cheese.  My boyfriend goes for the strawberry and nutella.  We get random cravings on weeknights and pop in - they are open late so we have a good thing going.
Recently we tried the paninis and they were good.  Got the cuban and the korean bbq - I think the korean bbq one could use some veggies on it - it was all meat and bread and the wasabi on it was a little overwhelming.  The bread on both were tasty and grilled nicely.  Service was a little slow - it kind of seemed like they don't make the paninis that often. I'll let it slide because I got to eat froyo after - cream cheese vanilla twist with coconut flakes, strawberries, bananas, and mochi.  So good.
The other night we were there and saw another couple come in and suggest THEY were Happily Ever After's best customers - I wanted to tell them they were clearly wrong because WE are their best customers.  It's great this place seems to be doing really well.I went during the winter which isn't the ideally time to get a frozen treat but I shouldn't complain since I work at a desert shop as well.
This place is actually really good. Went with my other two friends who've been here before. They told me it's good, so I might as well try the hype which turned out to be really good.
Only thing I did not like was that one of the candy I chose was too hard. I don't think desert places should have hard items to bite.Tried this place out the other night and was so happy I did! For starters, they have some incredibly delicious frozen yogurt flavors. Nutella, peanut butter, heck..even vanilla was good. There was a wide array of toppings which, unlike some places, you get to choose how much you want to put on.
The decor/ambience was so fun too, which made our trip here even better. All the posters, movie themed items, and great tissue holders gave the place great character.After my Girlfriend sold some herbal essence to a guy around the corner we walked into Happily Ever After intrigued by the dragon breathe poster featuring the old Toei Godzilla on the sign. There are a series of warnings that they make you read before ordering it - I skipped it but my gf made me reread it. Long story short, don't touch the cup itself and you'll be fine. It's the most fun I've ever had eating with my mouth open!
Definitely come here!Very friendly atmosphere! Amazing stuff you can see there. They have very good froWn yougurts. I loved nutella one. Delicious!  I also had a Taro bubble Tea.  I was surprised it was good. Although bubbles were too soft. Every body should try that place and expitience at least onceGot the monster Belgian waffle and split it with a friend, as well as a bubble tea each. The two employees behind the counter gave off a really positive/relaxed and helpful vibe. 
I was gonna go to the Franklin Fountain tonight, but the line and crowdedness was simply too much.  Saw this place on yelp with a picture of a Belgian waffle with frozen yogurt + the 4.5 stars and knew it would be the spot. 
The interior decorations are neat too. All in all, happy to discover the spot and a +1 for the simplicity and positive vibe compared to the Franklin Mint (also great of course, just a different idea and a different atmosphere there.)Awesome place! They have delicious everything from coffee to Nutella waffles! I'm from Seattle and have been here both times I've visited Philly. Check it out!A lot of reviewers are commenting about the fro-yo. (Nothing against them or the fro-yo, but... What about the canelé?!?) Amazing!! If you're not familiar with the French pastry, you will become a die-hard fan! They are unbelievable, especially at "Happily". We drive up here from DC, and this is one of our regular stops. Yum-yum!! The bubble teas are also the best!If you are Harry Potter lover, then you should come here to drink Butterbeer!
They have nitrogen ice cream too. 
I did try the Dragon Breath, nothing special with the taste but awesome experience! 
Dip the puff to the chocolate dip then eat it. Voila! Now you breath like a dragon. 
FYI, the Dragon Breath is for dine in only & you have to read the instructions first!Nutella fro yo has officially changed my life forever - and in a good way.While I was canvassing for the ACLU, this was one of our favorite places to take 5, and sip on a warm butter beer.
Their playlist is an amalgamation of everything from Disney, Harry Potter to Star Wars, and the store's decor reflects the same tastes. It's a nerd's dream come true, and their drinks and desserts are made to match.YUM! I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Waffle and an omelette. They were amazing. The waffle had chunks of cheesecake with the crust, vanilla frozen yogurt and a caramel drizzle. It was perfect. Because I wanted a more hearty breakfast because I was going to be on the move, I also ordered an omelette. It had ham, pepper and onions and the eggs were perfectly fluffy. Whenever I visit Philly, this will definitely be on my list!This place is genius! Everything is movie themed! So cool! You can grab a butter beer, or some Dark Knight chocolate frozen yogurt and other such awesomeness!! I'd tell anyone to come here! I love everything about it! 
Food, Froyo, espresso, tea etc.!This place is awesome~! Love the yummy froyo and all the desserts in one place! Super clean, chill hangout spot. They also have cool interior pop culture decorations that just adds to the cheery ambiance of the place. LOVE!Friendly, geeky themed place from Doctor Who to Totoro. Waffles were amazing as was the acai bowl and milk teas.Love this cute little place in philly. They have really cool menu options and the art is so unique. I've been there a few times and it gets better every time, the staff is super nice, friendly and very accommodating! Will be back again!What
The
Heck
Where has this place been all my life? I'm more or less a sucker for desserts of all kinds, but this place took the love to a whole new level (and I've only been once). First off, the nerd level is fairly high in me so the cartoon/comic based theme makes me feel right at home. As soon as saw the Homer Simpson Japanese advertisement on a pillow I basically transformed into my 11 year old self. As "cool" as I thought this place was though is not the reason for the 5 stars. The reason would be the crazy delicious (Chronic what cles of Narnia?) peanut butter waffles. A genius creation, I couldn't believe how much flavor was in every bite. I highly look forward to going back for another one, and if my stomach allows, perhaps another of their creative dessert offerings.This is my second time coming here and the staff is very friendly and nice. The desert menu is very good in addition to the drinks. I will keep coming back here because their hours of operation are very good. I think one night they were open til 9 or 10? Can't remember but I was surprised that I was here past 8 PM. 
Internet connection is fast with no problems and the prices are good!Came here after hearing the rave about their Acai Bowl. I would say it's very pricey, $9 for one bowl. The Acai bowl isn't that special, I've had better ones elsewhere. There was too much honey added in the bowl and the fruits are frozen - which makes it harder to eat. I would've liked it more if they used fresh fruits. 
I found it interesting that they have korean ramen served here too - didn't get the chance to try it though.
The store was really cute, though. A lot of cute decorations and a great place to chill with your friends.We really wanted some bubble tea after touring some historic sites in Philly. This place was close by and seemed cool. The atmosphere is cute and unique but the rest is just average. 
I ordered the banana bubble tea and my boyfriend ordered coconut. Mine was better than his but neither held a candle to another spot we tried on South Street. We also ordered a Reeses cookie that was decent. The girl behind the counter was friendly but seemed distracted and forgetful. There are too many great places to go in Philly to really say we would go back here. They do offer a variety of yogurts and other desserts, so maybe those are better.This is the BEST froyo I've ever had in my life! I've definitely been to like 2 dozen fro-yo places in my prime fro-binge days, but I wish it had always been Happily Ever After.
The super-clean environment, decked out with movie memorabilia, and their always-cheery owner offering me a sample cup... yes that's right, SAMPLES. But that isn't all.... the highlight of Happily Ever After is the YO!
My personal favorites include (but are not limited to): 
- Gingerbread (swoon)
- Gingerbread Vanilla (yes please)
- Nutella (I'm salivating)
- Mango (blows Rita's out of the water)
- Pineapple
I wish I could eat them all.... but I literally feel like I'm going to explode after eating a half a cup, so trying to fit them all in one sitting would actually be dangerous. Like, call the ambulance now. 
This is the best yo you'll ever have in your life. Other yo establishments not only pale in comparison - but they cry themselves to sleep, wishing they could be only half as good as Happily Ever After.
I think I know what heaven tastes like now.The frozen yogurt never disappoints and there is always friendly service. I frequently come here for my frozen yogurt fix, I've tried all the other places close by and this is the one I always come back to.Tasty desserts. Had nitro ice cream and Nutella brownie. Went on A Monday and selection seemed limited of baked goods.Very Very delicious. I think I found my summer treat. Pineapple, Mango, and tartini who knew Frozen Yogurt could be so good!!!!!This place is amazing.  The decorations are phenomenal.  There's all kinds of fun movie posters and props everywhere. The froyo was great, with a sufficient selection of flavors all of which have fun names.I'm so glad I finally found a place to try an acai bowl! I love fruits and everything berry, so this was happiness in a bowl. It tasted AMAZING, even though it was freezing outside. 
I came here with my boyfriend so he got a mocha latte and a cheesecake. The latte tasted better than the mediocre coffee, and the cheesecake was average, but nothing disappointing. 
Besides the awesome desserts, the interior was really cool and unique. I loved how clean and sleek the furniture was, and how the theme of the cafe was various movies. The wall was pretty artsy with a bunch of framed art. Overall, it was a nice and cute experience. I really wish I could go here again during the summer when I can fully enjoy the acai bowl and get to try their shaved ice!Absolutely delightful staff and great food and ambiance.
Definitely going back there, whenever I'm in Philly.Service was friendly but lacked the personnel. Poor employee was by himself trying to complete orders. I had to wait for at least 10 minutes to get my order. I appreciated his politeness and willingness to work. I hope that he continues to do a great job!Came here after having a cheesesteak at Sonny's next door. We have the cookies and cream ice cream. It was good, it was also cool watching them make it with the liquid nitrogen. Unlimited toppings which are self served, so we got to add anything we wanted.Very nice customer service, as soon as we walked in they offered for me to try samples so I could decide on my order. There are unique things here such as butter beer, macaroons, jumbo smores etc.Gotta say the Dragon's breath (liquid nitrogen infused) dessert was pretty cool but the taste of sweet corn puffs were not anything special. It tasted like cheese puffs but sweet corn taste version of it. They give you a lot so definitely share it with a friend or two. This was around $6. 
I highly recommend the thai ice cream. It tastes so good! Got double scoops of it for like $10. :)
Lastly, this cafe is super cute! Lots of decor from famous movies!This place had good reviews and we wanted a hot drink on a cold night to walk around with. We walked in and was not greeted. We stood there for 5 minutes while the lady working made the big smoky drink. She did it once tell us she would be with us or acknowledge us. We waited it out because it was awkward to just leave. Our coffee drinks and Nutella cupcake were just okay. I feel the menu is way too overwhelming for the staff to handle.Awesome cafe/dessert shop. Love the movie theme with all the little novelty pieces. Get the bubble tea in slush form.Nice cozy fro-yo place. Manager was very nice and accommodating, I ordered a custom waffle dessert with 3 dry toppings, vanilla cheesecake fro-yo, and lots of whipped cream! Total was about $10 but definitely worth it.I love how versatile this place is- breakfast, desserts, froyo, bubble tea, coffee, and not to mention my favorite.... BUTTERBEER.Very impatient & terse staff. Nitrogen ice cream gets free unlimited topping, but the owner/staff didn't say anything.Prices for ice cream are phenomenally high. No idea how yelp gave them a single $. $8 for their smallest ice cream. Seating is uncomfortable and service is a bit curt. I really don't understand the high ratings from others.My fiancé and I came here a few nights ago. He got the  banana milk tea which he said tasted very watered down.  The woman working there was very nice and exchanged it for a strawberry cheesecake smoothie. He liked that one quite a bit.
I ordered the Butterbeer, being a big HP fan. It's basically a butterscotch liquid that is terribly sweet. It was great but I could only drink about half of it. 
To eat, we got a Nutella brownie, which is excellent warmed up. We also ordered the macarons, which I found to be overwhelmingly sweet. That's probably just the nature of the cookie; it's just not for me.This is a great place for dessert in the city.  They are friendly and have a nice atmosphere. We had two of the Belgian waffles. They can out fast and delicious. The coffee was good too. Highly recommendIt's more of a frozen yogurt place than a cafe.
The cappuccino was OK, almost as bad as Starbucks.
The atmosphere is good though.This was my second time going in and trying the Belgian waffles and I enjoyed it just as much as I did the first time! The cafe overall has a cute look to it. Its comfortable and cozy and the decorations make the overall appeal of the place very warm and cheerful. The service was fast and the employee who took my order was nice and polite. The waffles are freshly made, as you can smell it being cooked inside the waffle iron. The scent just drafts through the air and it smells amazing! The look and aesthetic of the waffle was so pretty. Everything was decorated nicely. The waffles were moist and the ice cream and strawberries perfectly combine with each other to create a sweet and tarty taste. Would definitely come back!We stumbled upon this little store on accident. It was a very cute encounter. After finishing our dinner we took a walk around the area and walked up to the window to check the place out and to check what it served. It looked like it was closing since there was only two staff members inside and one was mopping up. Suddenly we hear this voice inviting us to come in. We glance over at the counter to see this very friendly and sweet looking Asian man gesturing us to come in and check out the dessert store. He showed us around the shop and explained the froyo competition going on in the store. Pistachio vs Green Tea. Pistachio won. The shop was filled with an assortment of movie memorabilia cute little arts and crafts. He gave us a free sample of the froyo but we felt bad since we were too full to actually buy dessert. We hoped to see him the next day so we went in but some other staff member was there this time. We did end up getting the pistachio as well as greek yogurt and it was delicious. I never gotten froyo much before so I didn't know whether this place was expensive or not but I got a good amount for around $5. I really wish we saw the nice Asian guy again. He definitely was the reason why we came back.Happily Ever After is a great twist on the usual froyo spots.  Instead of bland decor, Star Wars knock knacks abound.  Yoda sits with his Jack o'lantern and there are touches sprinkled about.  I loved the map with photos of movies filmed in Philly.  There are a lot more than Rocky!
The acai bowl was beautiful with its topping of blueberries, strawberries, and bananas all nicely arranged and glistening from a bit of honey on top.  
The friendly young woman behind the counter said the vanilla macaroon was her favorite.  It's dark with a light colored cream filling, but tastes like vanilla and was a great choice.  
I love Philly and this was a great last stop for a snack before I left the City of Brotherly Love.Everyone is really nice here, the food and drinks are great, and they serve you your food quickly. They always make sure that you're enjoying your stay here. There's a nice selection of food from  paninis to bubble tea and frozen yogurt. The liquid nitrogen ice cream is amazing to watch it being made. The potato chip ice cream sounds weird, but the salty crunchy potato chip and sweet creamy ice cream is a delicious combo. If you're ever in the area you have to pay a visit!We were in Philly w the kids and walking from one place to another and we looked in the window of this place and saw that they had Butterbeer.  My kids are Harry Potter nuts.  So we're looking and all of a sudden this voice from the heavens says something to the effect of, "why don't you come inside."  This guy inside had a loudspeaker he could use to speak to people at the window.  It seemed weird, but it turned out this guy, I think he was the owner, he clearly was very proud of his products, just seemed to have found himself a business where he could have fun and create fun.  The Butterbeer turned out to be delicious, not cheap, but this is a touristy neighborhood, and I'm sure he's paying for the location.   But mostly, we were just impressed by such a nice, friendly personable place.  Definitely worth stopping by if you find yourself in Olde City with kids.We had stopped at Sonnys for their steak sandwiches and happily ever after was the store next door. My daughter loves ice cream and decided to take the strawberry and I took the rum and coffee ice cream. 
The ice creams were delicious. The service was really good and the gal working there was extremely polite. 
The whole place has personality.This was our first trip but not our last. Upon entering I heard a voice call out Hello and then as someone was leaving a reply of good night, how great is it that! Danielle, is one of the ladies that work in this establishment, was amazing at her craft, energetic & effervescent. A ray of sunshine. As we placed our order for ice cream I had no idea what I was in for. Danielle whipped together our order with finesse, style and grace. She was a joy to watch as her attitude is pure joy. Happily Ever After is a must see if your ever visiting Philly.  And yes the ice cream was awesome too!I went last week and it's an interesting experience to say the least. Their liquid nitrogen offerings are cool to watch and tasty. I've had both the blueberry ice cream and dragon's breath dessert, both were a must have if only to say you've done it.What a cute and delicious place!  
Amazing waffle with strawberry and Nutella frozen yogurt!!!Banana bubble tea was water, so I got a cheesecake smoothie was totally better.  Late night dessert.  Mission accomplished.My boyfriend and I were walking home from an old city date night when we passed Happily Ever After. Seeing "Belgian Waffles" and "Dessert Cafe" he convinced me to go in and check it out. (Good thing we had skipped dessert.) I honestly had no intentions of getting anything, but then the girl at the counter offered us free samples of the yogurt. I saw and tasted the Nutella froyo and decided then and there that I was getting a Nutella froyo topped waffle with strawberries, Nutella syrup and powdered sugar. I even shared. 
I love the fun vibe of the space and they show movies. I do wish the lighting was toned down a bit. It's very fluorescent, and may look better as coffee shop lighting. 
Yesterday I asked my boyfriend how many times he has thought of Happily Ever After since we first went. He told me "every single day." We are going back this week.Such a cool place! Unique never seen before movie decor & the funniest quotes. The owner is such a friendly person & you can tell he really loves what he does! 
Everything I've ever had here is always amazing the yummy frozen yogurt, great smoothies & bubble tea, cute scrumptious desserts & my favorite the Belgian waffles topped with ridiculous toppings like cheesecake and strawberries! The owner is a genius and has such a whimsical creative mind! I'm happy this place exists!I love this place!! I come here once a week- peanut butter is the best flavor- it's so creamy I can't believe it's not ice cream. Also love Nutella, gingerbread and pumpkin! Friendly service- great neighborhood spot.Don't go to any of those other froyo places in Old City.  Go to Happily Ever After.  You'll be glad you did.  If for not other reason, you should go here because the service is super friendly and easily outshines other froyo places in the neighborhood.  But beyond that, they have a variety of great flavors, lots of toppings to choose from, and they also offer a bunch of other yummy handmade desserts.  The decor is fun and interesting, which is important for all those silent moments that pass while you and your froyo date are too busy stuffing your mouths with delicious froyo to make conversation ;-DGreat spot to grab a sweet treat. They have everything from fro-yo, pannacotta, cheesecake to an acai bowl. The decor is really cool too with all the movie themes. 
Get the acai bowl !! It's like a super food smoothie bowl with more fresh fruit and granola.So I have to admit that I'm not much of a froyo person. I never really understood the rage.  Is Pinkberry frofyo? Meh, it's so tart.  But this place... I loved it.  
My cheffie friend introduced us to this neighborhood gem and I fell in love. First of all, the movie themes are adorable and their little character s'mores are pretty kick ass.  But the Nutella Strawberry Swirl with gummy bears stole my heart (yes I eat like a 4 year old).  
It's self serve and it's priced by weight, so despite the large paper bowls, I was able to portion out a small amount.  This Lac-tard isn't supposed to have too much dairy, so I was conservative and hours later, I was still tummy-ache-FREE and feeling great from a light dessert.
I was a bit skeptical, but thanks Cheffie for making me a fan!I've heard such great reviews about this place so I decided to check it out for myself and I was not disappointed at all! I had the Belgian strawberry Nutella waffle and the latte macchiato and it was really great! The atmosphere was also very welcoming, which is always a plus! Definitely recommend for anyone in the area!!This place was awesome! The atmosphere is really hip and creative. We went in one night just for coffee and they let us sample their yogurt. It was so good gag we came back the next day to indulge. The Nutella froyo was my favorite & lots of toppings to choose from. They also have really cute deserts like hand torched marshmallows dipped in chocolate on graham. Also, check out their map toward the back. It has pictures from movies held up inside pictures from where the scene took place in the city - pretty cool. Very friendly staff - highly recommend. :)Came here after a friend suggested coming here for dessert - 
Decor: Really loved the decor on the inside and brought out the geek in me! (Doctor who! Star Wars! and more!) The only thing though is they should wash those seat pillows or get rid of them - did not want to sit where those pillows were, haha. The place was overall decorated nicely with different types of genre. 
Food: We tried the butterbeer, the Dragons breath (liquid nitrogen caramel corn puff cereal) and thai tea ice cream. I woud say my favorite was the ice cream! The Dragon's breath was good, but definitely a bit gimmicky- I would say do it once, but probably thats enough. Definitely fun to do with friends. Butterbeer (not actually beer) but is supposed to mimic Harry Potter's Butterbeer - it wasn't too bad actually - not too much butter - but after drinking it awhile, the butter gets to be a bit too much. 
I love that this place is open late (as a dessert place) - which happens to be rare for Philly - only bad thing its all the way in Old City (I'm usually in Center City or University City). I would definitely come back to try the other desserts and to hang out place late in the night!This place is awesome. Number #1 - they have by far the best frozen yogurt I've ever had. They have ridiculously delicious flavors that are very ice cream-like. Highly recommend the Nutella mixed with peanut butter. 
Number #2 - the decor is unlike anywhere else. If you're a big movie fan, this is the place for you. The entire place is filled with cool movie memorabilia, posters, etc. Each time we're there, I always take a slow lap around the place to check everything out. Btw, it's literally everywhere (ceiling, windows, and even the bathroom). My fav might be the homemade marshmallow character - they do a great chewbacca. 
Number #3 - the service is great. Everyone is always super friendly and readily offers samples. 
We make a point to stop in here as often as possible, even in the middle of winter.Great place love the area. Cool artwork inside, food is even better. The bubble tea is out of this world.This place is a great cafe/dessert place. You can get yourself some waffles and coffee in the morning or come by for some froyo or ice cream on a summer evening. They pretty much do it all quite well and the decor is really cute, so it's definitely worth a stop-in whether you're alone, on a date, or with a group of friends. Got the liquid nitrogen ice cream - it's a bit creamier than typical ice cream, otherwise pretty much the same thing. Also got the white knight which was a really delicious dessert coffee and waffles with Nutella - worth the extra workout that I'll be doing!Found this cute frozen yogurt place near my hotel, decided to check it out.  
Cutely decorated, lots of movie memorabilia.
Menu consists of frozen yogurt, smoothies, bubble tea, Belgian waffles, and panini's.
Only got frozen yogurt so that's all I'm commenting on.  Dark chocolate and peanut butter frozen yogurt, topped with Reese's peanut butter cups, what more can I say.  I feel really bad for people with peanut allergies, they don't know what they are missing!I stumbled upon this little gem on a work trip to Philly. The atmosphere was adorable! Everything is movie themed and I had the most amazing s'more for just $1.99! My co workers went to town on the frozen yogurt. They loved the fresh fruit. The man behind the counter was so friendly and let me try the different flavors!Absolutely fantastic. So many things to look around in the cafe. There coffee is terrific and other food items are well priced. Love the classic posters. Must visit.I work in the neighborhood and will occasionally take a break to get some yogurt, and Happily Ever After is my favorite froyo in the city. I've had the hot chocolate and it's ridiculously delicious. And now they're participating in the CUPS app, so I went in to get coffee and that was great too! Service is always great- super friendly. Thanks to this great Old City spot for brightening my day :)I traveled to Philadelphia for a couple days back in September, and this charming dessert spot was one of the more memorable experiences of the city for me. their smoothie, although I can't quite remember which one, was made with yogurt from one of their yogurt machines, and you know how yogurt smoothies go; they are on a whole another level above ordinary fruit smoothies.
their movie-themed interior will have anyone who enters the shop admiring it with a smile on their face. the next time I touch down in Old City Philly, you know damn well I'll be enjoying my dessert here following a cheesesteak.Loved the peanut butter frozen yogurt!! the brownie bites were amazing.yummmm!!! it's not penn state's yogurt express, but it's delicious froyo. peanut butter and nutella are my fave (of course the only ones that aren't fat free), but the rest are delish too. they have all the toppings you'd want- chocolate, fruit, granola, cereal, etc. and you can get as much or as little as you want....though self serve can really be dangerous.
the place itself is clean, the staff is nice and it's open pretty late. 
sooo happy we stumbled across this place- i now have somewhere to go for my froyo cravings!So it's one star down oppose to a very tempting 3 stars.  I would suggest they clean their seating area...some things were crusting and the pillows need a good wash or some lysol. Otherwise my son ordered the strawberry Belgian waffles and I think there was only a handful of quartered strawberries. 
My other son ordered the beef ramen...which had no beef but just vegetables. I asked the lady on the counter and she said its beef broth...so I dont know if shes playing me or maybe they should label the menu better. And the last time I ordered it did come with actual beef and pickled radish...which my son had neither and I had to order the poached egg for 0.99 opposed to last time that came with the bowl.
I order a Korean bbq beef salad which was good. I just wasn't too fond of the wasabi mayo. And on the menu it says please ask for kimchee and pickled radish which I did. I'm not sure if I got charged for that since I didnt get a receipt.
And it was kinda weird they didnt have chopsticks. 
But the desserts are always a hit!I got the acai bowl and split the strawberry nutella waffle with a friend, both were delicious. The waffle has froyo on it. Good coffee, great service. They were playing Return of the Jedi and there are tons of geeky references throughout the cafe. Great spot.If the food were as good as the decor it would be a 5, but it is not, unfortunately. The bubble tea managed to somehow taste worse the more we drank, and the waffle was dry/overcooked. Also, for the peanut butter waffle they just throw on 10 of those little peanut butter mini cups. Really? It doesn't otherwise have any peanut-buttery flavor at all. I'm really not sure where all these 5 star reviews come from, other than the nostalgic decor.In town for a conference and found myself residing less than a block away from this coffee/yogurt/tea place. 
Pros: 
-good froyo- organic ingredients - local milk, the nutella stuff is divine (though was a -touch melty in consistency)
-bubble-tea was legit 
-wifi password was readily made available
-really eclectic design preferences including an anonymous mask that's behind glass, funky "sit" keyboard chairs and even a millenium falcon on the ceiling.  
-owner seems to treat his employees and customers well- they are friendly and talk to him (after watching Kitchen Nightmares this is a big plus IMO)
-staff are equally good- i was there for several hours and they were very accommodating to all the customers, even offering me a "free smoothie" from another customer's mishap.  
Cons:
seats will pretty much devastate your back and posture (hard angry benches) and the tables are super low so it's not a place to really use a laptop but the elevated chairs are more comfy.  
Bottom line:  
As a recent froyo opening, I do think this place deserves more success then it sees right now- will probably be back for a second visit.  The vibe definitely isn't for everyone but they are certainly trying and genuine to their customers.Never have I felt more childish giddy at tasting a scoop of ice cream. I mean, it was made with Liquid Nitrogen!! Frozen on the spot. My travel buddy and I shared the root beer flavor and, although I'm not usually a fan of root beer, it tasted "aaawwsome." (So good) It tasted really smooth, with a hint of root beer.I gotta say that I wasn't initially thrilled about another froyo place opening.  For the most part they're pretty generic and in lieu of quality give you tons of options.  This place is the opposite: it's original and although there aren't a million different flavors, they're all really good.  The Nutella is my favorite.  Don't sleep on the Nutella cream puff either.
There is also some cool asian influence that helps it stand out too.  Put some mochi and boba on your frozen yogurt.  The korean shaved ice is pretty delicious too.  Get the red bean if you're more adventurous, if not the green tea is good.
I know some people that are too cool for school might pass because of the whole movie theme, but it works and makes it fun to dine in.  The staff and the owner are always nice.  The desserts and froyo are legit.Great coffee,  and the liquid nitrogen ice cream is very "cool " with unlimited free toppings.YUM!! We had a wonderful experience here. We popped in on a rainy Tuesday afternoon and got two frozen yogurts and a skim cappuccino - everything was delicious. 
The froyo selection was plentiful and the toppings were great. The whimsical decorations of Star Wars and Captain America were an added bonus! 
We'll be back again!This place is amazing. Their frozen yogurt is on point, especially their dark chocolate flavor. They have wonderful mix-ins, including lychee! 
On top of their great desserts, the place is entertaining and pure genius. I ordered bubble tea, my boyfriend had butter beer (yes, butter beer!!) and we ordered a s'more - which they torched to order! 
Will be returning here whenever I have visitors :)Awesome little snack shop. Very cute and my kids love their froyo with Belgium waffles. I also ordered a beef flavored ramen which was yummy as well. My kids ended up eating my ramen. Very flavorful and has a little kick to it. We will come back for a full lunch!I loved the Star Wars theme flowing through the place like the force, including a little R2-D2 and a marathon of the movies on the flat screen. The rest of the experience left a little to be desired, but definitely filled my froyo fix. 
The toppings dispensers were tricky to master resulting in a mess of a first go around. The flavor selection was missing some basics, but had different flavors I haven't seen before (ala nutella). 
There was only one employee working and she was preoccupied making 3 coffees behind the counter while we waited to be rung up (only a wait of a minute, nothing unbearable).This is one of my favorite cafes in the city since I'm a huge geek. The cafe is filled with artsy framed pictures of popular Disney and Miyazaki films, a R2D2 trashcan, a replica Hattori Hanzo sword from Kill Bill, and they're usually playing some popular geeky movie on their tv. 
Their selection of food reflects their theme well. They have butterbeer from Harry Potter, baked goods shaped in characters from time to time, and liquid nitrogen ice cream so they follow food trends. If you like playing things safe, their waffles are pretty good too!I went to philly with my younger brothers and sisters to try the ice cream and dragons breath, so we ordered it and the dragons breath was really cool and what I expected it's basically chips with no flavor but that's fine and the ice cream was delicious as well. However the cashier that day which was a caucasian female with black hair , goth looking clothes and makeup very sick and pale looking was very rude to us, when I asked her questions concerning the dragons breath she had an attitude giving us rude responses and acted like we should have been experts on it, customer service was horrible on her end. Luckily I won't have to see her again.All I've had so far at this place is their acai berry bowl. And let me tell you- it's amazing! Definitely a tad pricey because it's expensive to source the acai berries.We were looking for a good FroYo place after catching a movie at the Ritz and stumbled upon this joint courtesy of positive Yelp reviews. 
While their selection of flavors isn't huge, the ones they have hit most of the things you could be looking for, with the Nutella being my favorite. Unlike some places, they do offer you a little cup for free samples as soon as you walk in, which I really appreciate since I'd rather not drop $6+ on a cup of FroYo that I don't like.
As others noted, the topping selection is similar in that it's not the biggest spread you've ever seen, but it is definitely sufficiently varied and gives you plenty of options. I was surprised how good boba works with the FroYo -- give it a shot!
They have a ton of other menu items to choose from if you don't want soft serve (smoothies, waffles, creme brulee, etc.), so it's a good place to go with a group of people with different preferences.
Finally, the service was fantastic and both people working (assuming one was the owner) were extremely friendly and seemed to sincerely want to make your experience there a good one.
Will definitely be back any time I'm in the area and looking for a frozen treat!Thanks Yelp for this one!  Cool movies themed fro yo place.  I love the movie named fro yo and combos.  The vanilla ice ice baby and pumpkin is not only fitting for fall but tasted great too.  Oh and did i mention there's a nutella flavor as well.  This is enough reason to come by.  Combo of reese's with dark chocolate and tart with mango were the other available flavors that night.  Keep in mind this place does not just sell fro yo.  They also have smoothies, boba, baked goodies, waffles, and more!  The workers were very welcoming offering us to try out the flavors before we commit.  Only downside about this place is location.  I don't really find myself at Olde City often.  Good thing we came here later in the evening, meters were free.  But i definitely would come back and try out the other goodies!I have been frequenting this joint since they opened and I can't believe I haven't written about it yet!!
The decor is clean and modern but with the perfect geek chic just to stir things up. The trash can is R2D2, there's a Millenium Falcon on the ceiling, and "break glass for revolution"... Perfection. I can spend hours in here just smiling at everything they have. Nerd paradise. 
The Froyo is sooooo good too. Some have whined about limitations on toppings, to which I say "WHAAAA?!" I haven't found any other Froyo places that have 4 different flavors of popping boba at all times. That and lychees are the only toppings I get, unless I'm in the mood for some chocolate indulgence... Also yummy
I've had both bubble tea and coffee here as well. The bubble tea is definitely good, and I love finding places that serve One Village Coffee. (Very smooth espresso and cold brew). The service is always nice and welcoming- samples are practically thrown at you to try with no pressure to buy unless you would like to!
Definitely sign up for their reward card- I think it's a dollar off every other purchase, depending on the amount. It's such a good deal, and way too easy to rack up points while indulging any sweet cravings. 
Overall, this little Froyo and cafe joint is a perfectly quirky addition to the neighborhood. I will continue to come by as often as I possibly can. :)This is a fun movie-themed restaurant.  I got an americano, which was good, and I tasted the hot chocolate, which I liked.  I give it four stars because the seating isn't very comfortable and because the canele I had wasn't great.
My favorite art in the building is the Guy Fawkes mask that's in the glass box.  It's just to the left of the register.Been here a few times with my co-workers but never actually ordered anything until today. Always thought the store was interesting with all their decorations and whatnot. I ordered an acai bowl and luckily the guy taking my order was accommodating to make it without banana in the mix. But unfortunately the bowl wasn't good at all. I ended up throwing it away actually, as did my co-worker. Disappointed, but the guy working there was friendly and I'm sure they have better items on the menu. Just not good for my first time ordering here.I really wanted dessert so I yelped places near our hotel. I saw the word Nutella in a review and I was sold. We walked in and I immediately loved this cute little cafe. The owner and worker were very friendly and the movie-themed decor was lightweight adorable.
The good stuff:
- Belgian waffle with Nutella froyo, strawberries, and Nutella sauce. How can you go wrong with this combination?? It was delicious and even though I was so full half of the way through it was too good not to finish it. 
- mango shaved ice - yummy. They definitely give you a ton of mango. And condensed milk is always a plus for me.
To sum up - love it! If I'm ever back in Philly I'm going to try their Nutella smoothie and Star Wars cookies.Really cute dessert cafe with cool movie references.  Ended up with a Nutella froyo, which was delicious!  Also was able to do some work using the WiFi in the cafe.  A+ time all around!OMG this is the cutest store with the most creativity interior design ever!
It was a hot summer day and I just wanted some froyo. Yelp search took me here. The interior is so artsy! I absolutely loved it. The staff was also really friendly and nice. It seems like they serve a variety of treats including macarron and froyo. The tables and chairs are also well decorated. They have lots of movie posters on its walls. I would definitely recommend it!Was excited to check this place out because of the reviews but the staff really made my experience lame. Wasn't greeted when we came into the empty store on a Saturday afternoon and when we tried to make conversation the two people behind the counter could care less. The store itself is neat with movie and nerdy decoration all over the place. The frozen yogurt flavors look fun but opted for a coffee drink. It was like a frappuccino but amped up and super tasty. I steered from the yogurt because the toppings didn't look fresh and wasn't feeling it. I really liked my drink and the atmosphere but something felt off about the place almost like I was unwelcomed  and the menu was a little hard to understand also out of Korean snow, why I really came and that sucks because I really liked the shop!Very friendly staff and quite tasty frozen yogurt. Tonight they had pineapple, tartino, vanilla, dark chocolate, Nutella, peanut butter, and strawberry. They let you take a sample to taste, which was very helpful! Their toppings were varied (lychee to Captain Crunch to strawberries to tapioca balls) and plentiful. Take advantage of their outdoor sidewalk seating and tabletops on nice spring nights and enjoy the natural street theater!The nitrogen ice cream was very meh. Bossman was a dick and panders to people who he is for one reason or another more inclined to be subservient to. Not worth a trip in the least bit given the many options in the city! If you go be ready to order very accurately immediately or bossman will kirk.This place is absolutely amazing ! To start with the two employees(Uyen & Daniel) were super nice & funny & you could tell that they enjoyed working there.This place definitely has something for everbody.Where else can you go where you can get a Bubble Tea if you want but your friend can get a Cappuccino and your other friend can get a Panini? "Happily Ever After" that's where.This is the best idea ever with the best theme ever.When you walk in they have movie posters,a giant R2D2, the Millennium Falcon hanging from the ceiling,a Yoda doll , Bart Simpson legos, and all kinds of other cool movie paraphernalia.They had Frozen Yogurt in the back with really funny flavors like "Vanilla Ice Ice Baby" & " "The Dark Chocolate"(Instead of The Dark Knight).They also have tons of really good toppings too. They have Nutella Brownie Cupcakes that they put whipped cream & chocolate syrup on top of ,(VERY DELICIOUS),Belgian Waffles,Smoothies,Shaved Ice,Cupcakes,French Macrons,Coffee,Cafe Latte,Cappuccinos and even soup. They also have these things called Caneles(Cinnamon dessert that's really good)Oh yeah & did I mention that Uyen & Daniel were amazing too? Nice snack/coffee/dessert spot for everyone.Love the canele!  Bubble tea is great too.This is my dream dessert shop for the inner child in me. The decor is star wars with a funny twist--elaborate lego houses, decorated marshmellows, spaceships in the ceiling, posters with humor. There's tons of desserts to choose from: froyo, nitro ice cream, waffles, bubble tea, acai bowls, even Korean salad bowl. 
I tried green tea nitro ice cream. It's cool to watch the ice cream in the making. While the ice cream and the nitrogen gas is mixing in the kitchen aid, they torch the bowl. I don't know if it tasted different from regular ice cream but I couldn't go wrong with green tea flavor. There's other interesting flavors like sriracha, potato chip, and caviar. 
Free wifi, cool decor, yummy ice cream. It's such a fun place to hang out!I live a few blocks away and this is my go to dessert stop! Besides the delicious desserts and FroYo, the staff is always so friendly! Plus it has a movie theme that so much fun to check out all the decorations.They can make dairy free ice cream on the spot! I was completely shocked! It was amazing! Definitely recommend!I really enjoyed the atmosphere at this dessert joint. It was filled with comic related decor and theme, and I'm a huge fan of it. I got the cheesecake waffle and it was delicious. It's big enough to feed 2. However the tea are just tea bags, so I don't know if that was worth the price. It's very friendly here and somewhat quiet, would recommend!Average self-serve froyo spot in Old City. The froyo is plentiful, the decor is interesting (the owner really loves film memorabilia - he has a Guy Fawkes encased behind a glass window that says "In Case of Revolution, Break Glass."), and the service is friendly. I wouldn't necessarily come all the way back here though for froyo when there's Sweet Ending and Yogorino near Rittenhouse. They have pretty decent coffee too!Walking past on a Friday morning where I was headed to the Continental, I saw a sign for Belgian Waffles in the corner of my eye. I love waffles. Better than pancakes. I always thought this place strictly desserts-only but, man, was I wrong. Awesome service, delicious waffles and a decor for every nerd out there. Clean tables, cool but faded directors chairs to sit in, pristine bathrooms. (I'm partial to the Blade Runner art). Would come here again. I wonder if they have milkshakes?it was a good place for dessert but I felt like it was a bit over priced/overhyped on their dry iced corn puffs.Not the best!
The parking is terrible here so I had my wife run in to get us some froyo. Well she came out with a cup of it for over $8. This is not so much of a problem as that we have bought this kind of dessert from other places before. The problem was that it was not that good. We have been to other places for their frozen yogurt treats and they have been better. It was costly and not impressive. We will definitely not be back.Very tasty frozen yogurt! Try the gingerbread flavor- delicious. The service is more than adequate, but pastries are a little on the pricey side. Worth checking out if Franklin fountain is as crowded as it was when I was visiting.Fire and ice! Torched crème brûlée and liquid nitrogen ice cream! It was so good!
The liquid nitrogen ice cream is an experience! It looks so cool plus it tastes amazing and has a really smooth texture! Nomz!!OMG - this place s great for $3.99 Bubble tea and a variety of espresso drinks (my latte was terrific).  NO DECAF available.  Cute theme with movies and TV shows.  Froyo, Korean-style shave ice, RAMEN (did not try) and Liquid Nitrogen ice cream.
The lady (and her artsy husband) who run this place are terrific.
Service can be a bit slow as every order is made by hand.
We loved it here.
Oh - and we bought 6 macaron to go.  FAB!When I first stepped in here for some coffee I was pleasantly surprised how the place was decorated. I was about to order a coffee but I saw that they made Butter Beer.... Needless to say I went in for Coffee but I left with some delicious Butter Beer. Any Harry Potter Fans would Love this concoction!This is the best bubble tea I have ever had. Their milk teas are amazing. I had the taro tea and loved how rich it was. Almost like ice cream! Their bubbles are the perfect size and suck up all the flavor. It was incredible!I thoroughly enjoyed the freshly made lychee ice cream I had ordered. The texture was smooth and creamy, qualities of ice cream made then and there with liquid nitrogen. For the price point, if the quality was anything less, I would have been disappointed but it does a great job of holding it's place in the touristy, higher end old city area. I also liked the arcade machine filled with games from the good ol' days and the countless pages of options! I'd be interested in trying their other dessert options some other time.omg...i love love love love this place so much!
I bought shaved ice (in korean called ppat bingsoo) , waffles with ice cream on top
1)for shaved ice we got the green tea flavor and the original flavor:
--the actual ice is so perfect. it felt like i was eating snow. none of that blocks random ice nonsense.  
--they put different flavors of frozen yogurt on top. We chose blueberry froyo.
--I wish the portions were a little bigger for the amount I paid
--the green tea flavor had green tea froyo, macha, condense milk, walnuts, etc and it was simple yet delicious
--the original has what you would expect as the traditional korean "ppat bingsoo" which has red bean, but I wish it contained some pieces fruit. however, they were quite generous with the amount of mochi!
2)waffles
--sosososo delicious
--the waffle was so warm and delicious and it was topped with fresh fruit, chocolate frozen yogurt, and chocolate drizzle
3) one of my fav things about this place is that it is open late!  it is a great place to just relax and enjoy wonderful dessert with wonderful people :)We were searching for a dessert place after dinner and came across this wonderful place! The decor was great and if you have time, read the pictures near the froyo. It's really funny.
I would recommend their Belgian Waffles. They let you put froyo on top of it. DO IT, at first we were skeptical but it was absolutely the best combination either. 
I would also recommend their hot chocolate - they make it from real chocolate.
Plus points for having an excellent staff too.Great selection of frozen yogurt and unique labels. The interior is very modern creative. There is a lot of movie memorabilia. In addition they offer plastic cups to use as well as bowls for the frozen yogurt which is a creative way to eat the yogurt.Looking for a place for your inner child to come out and play and to satisfy your sweet tooth? Then check this place out. You will be glad you did!Was walking down Market street and stumbled upon this nice cafe. The far eastearn panini is the bomb! Also ended trying the mint chocolate bubble tea and it tasted delicious! Ambience was great as well.amazing amazing！thumbs up for the jumbo smore! Hail jumbo smore!!!
Perfect for an early sweet breakfast or a guilty midnight desert time!
Love all the film related decosThis place is super cute...the workers (and owner?) were all super friendly, the froyo was great. I'll certainly be back!I've been looking for a dessert shop open late and Happily Ever After was awesome. I got the strawberry cheesecake Belgian waffle and it exceeded all expectations. Down the road, there was a line around the block at Franklin Fountain and I'd say they were all making a mistake paying for overpriced ice cream. This is definitely the place to go when you're looking to satisfy your sweet cravings.This place is awesome! The movie themed fro yo flavors made me giggle. I had the dark chocolate and Nutella(amazing) flavors and they were great. The employees are really helpful too. Definitely check this place out if you're in the area!I hadn't had FroYo in years, but needed a cafe that was open late, so ended up here to get some work done. Little did I expect I would walk into a stoner's paradise of boba, froyo, belgian waffles, and every late-night treat you could possibly imagine enveloped by a dreamworld of posters and memorabilia from all of your favorite movies. Truly, its hard to look around and not see some clever and bizarre allusion to a classic film. Happily Ever After is a strange but wonderful treasure tucked away on Market Street that I hope to return to soon.After dinner and a few drinks my wife and I happened upon Happily Ever After.  The pop culture items throughout the store were very entertaining and made for a fun atmosphere to enjoy dessert.  We were offered samples of the froyo and they were all great.  My wife had a pumpkin latte and I had a peanutbutter cup waffle.  Both were outstanding. We will undoubtedly be returning to Happily Ever After.Amazing food- especially the waffles and omelettes. Really cool atmosphere with a lot of movie paraphernalia! Well worth the visit!