Food was good and so was service. The only issue we had was that all of our food wasn't brought out at the same time but they did comp us free dessert and apologized about this. Overall, pretty good.Ok place food was good but nothing more than average. If you look to eat something simple you can come here.We came here for a birthday dinner. The burgers were good, 3 stars because of the pricing and menu options. Your best bet is to grab a burger, everything else seemed overpriced. Our service was good and the server was helpful. The Guinness/Jameson bacon cheese burger was very good and we're glad the waiter recommended it. They also have a free birthday ice cream which was a nice surprise, most places don't do that anymore.Atmosphere was very quiet. The food was mediocre and our server was extremely slow. We were one of the two tables in the dining room so it was disappointing how long it took.Very nice. Good food, the service was excellent. A little pricy, but that was expected.Really slow service. I got the Caesar salad and it was just ok and the shrimp were so salty I couldn't eat themWhat a disaster!! 
My first time there in 2005, I thought the place was great. Food was great, staff was great. Well, Apparently things change. Apparently O'bama thinks things change..and we all know how that went. Anyway, Enough of the political disasters. Time for this restaurant disaster. My brother and I went to the HRC after much thought and boy did we pay the price. We started by walking in and promptly being seated. Which..was great. Smiling faces..friendly greetings..the works. THEN, It all goes to the spicehole (cant curse for some reason) :+)..from here. We ordered our food at about 6:30 pm. We waited a total of  1 hour for our food to be brought out. Heres the kicker @ 7:30 pm..They brought the food to the wrong table and after I got up and told the food server that the food was ours he looked at me and ignored me. We knew it was ours because the people looke at the waiter mysteriously and the guy that was eating our food...even said to his wife "hun, I think this is their food".  So, the people were eating our food. At 8:00pm..We were still waiting for our food to be brought out by the waiter and then found out..the waiter never put the order for new food to come to us. WE told the waiter what happened. So, My brother and I decided screw this..were outta here. We offered to pay for our drinks which the waiter declined and stated that the food was coming. We werent buying it..So we left at about 8:06 pm. I know that the place itself deserves better than one star. But deffintely not the service. It was by far the most horrible service I have had in quite sometime. Oh yes, by the way, We ordered mac&cheese with chicken..and a burger with fries. We totaled it up... counting taxes..came to 35.00 (estimate). 15.99 for mine..and 10.99 for his..
Horrible Horrible service.This was an awful experience.  Did not clean up the tables, no service, had to hunt someone down to get an order placed and to top it off appears as though they provided food for a homeless man ( great and I support the kindness but he smelled so bad and set beside us). We are paying patrons.Horrible horrible horrible service.
Cold food.
Extremely long wait for food.
Steak under cooked 
Salmon burnt
Bacon missing from bacon cheese burger
No condiments. 
Watered down long island ice tea.
First and last time ever visiting 
Save your money.Terrible. While in line made a reservation online for an hour later just in case. The host & hostess weren't on the phone or assisting anyone. The line kept growing. We finally got up to the counter and they said stand over here. Then people kept coming in and they would wait and then be seated. Not with reservations either and same table size. 45 minutes later I ask about it and they couldn't have cared less. Terrible service. There were plenty of open tables too that remained empty the entire time. If we weren't so hungry I would've demanded a manager.... instead we had some decent sandwiches instead of the over priced frozen stuff we would've had there anyway. I am a great tipper and as hungry as we were I already had appetizers and was planning on the ribeye, a $35 plate. Their loss.Great atmosphere, if you like rock music i guess. It is kind of expensive but the i got made it worth it. I got rock chop, i think that is what it was called, it was pork chop with some really good sauce. the mash potatoes were good too.I generally don't pick chains to eat at, especially when traveling, but we had just arrived at the Philly Marriott and this was the first thing I saw (and I was hungry!). The restaurant is fun and funky, with the typical music memorabilia of a Hard Rock, as well as flat screen TVs all around. The food was fine, but nothing of special note! There's a pretty big menu with a lot of options. I had the chicken chopped salad, which was good but too much dressing for my taste. Service was friendly, though our server disappeared periodically and it took a while to get the check.I came here with a group of 4 for an impromptu dinner on a Wednesday night after a long day at the Convention Center. The restaurant was just getting busy & we had a 15 minute wait.
We were seated in the main area by the "main stage." There was a woman singing & hawking CDs up there, but judging by the faces of the diners around our table, I can assume that no one purchased her album. The speakers were so loud that we had to yell to each other & yell our orders to the server ...
... which is probably why our server kept forgetting our drink orders. His excuse for a beer taking 20 minutes? "I looked over at the bar, and I didn't see your drink there, so I assumed someone took it to your table already." A quick glance at our table would've solved that puzzle, sir. And when he brought the beer, I ordered a glass of wine ... which didn't come until I was halfway done with my entree. Asking if I wanted dessert & coffee when I still had half a glass of wine left? Awkward.
The food was good, which is Hard Rock's only saving grace. The service was slow & lazy, & the ambiance is just irritating. The proximity to the Convention Center would make you think that Hard Rock was all business ... but they were less than professional when we were there. Next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd recommend taking the time to find a local restaurant instead.We had an excellent time there yesterday and this afternoon at the bar with the young ladies there. Then a guy started tended and all he could do was run his hands thru his hair and touch the fruit and the glasses. That was it.I am not a fan of Hard Rock Cafe food or drinks, I mean, I really have to bribe the bartenders to put alcohol in my drinks.  I noticed that this is a universal phenomena, from LA to Brazil, to Mexico.  
However, I do like the rock and roll memorabilia, not The artist formerly known as Prince who now calls himself Prince again sheer shirt, but other items, like the Jimi Hendrix guitar on display, and I am also a fan of their shot glasses, particularly the ones that are a deviation from their normal Save the Planet logo. 
With all that being said, our waiter really freaked me out.  Why?  Because he reminded me of a serial killer in training.  The food as weird as a goop that it was, went down well because I hadn't eaten all day  and I had been on the road since 3 AM.I will NOT RECOMMEND IT. This is the perfect place if you want your food to be nasty and soggy. The service SUCKSSSSS and after 1 hour of being here, we only got our drjnks and we are still waiting for our food . DONT GO HERE. But the food was goodNot bad at all decent vegetarian options the  cauliflower burger was bomb!!! Loved it!! My meat eaters had the bacon cheese burgers also bomb!! Our waiter Stewart was the bomb!! On short notice this place was a win!!What a disappointment!  Went here for lunch on a Thursday.  Server (Christopher) was completely unattentive.  Food took 27 minutes to come out...and we just got burgers.  Asked to pay as soon as the food came out since we were on a limited timeframe.  Took forever to get rung up.  Skip this place and go somewhere else.Food was sub par, the fajitas had like 4 big chunks of steak on a bed of raw vegies.  Drinks were fine. I would  suggest local fare over this food for sure.We are Still waiting for food. 16 people and they "decided to serve 8 first because the kitchen was backed up". So an hour later we are STILL sitting her the other 8 of us with no food while the people have for the food and already eaten are done. At this point I want to go and not even eat. 
Then I get my medium rare burger and it's cold inside! Not cooked enough and freezing  cold inside ! My daughter ordered chicken fingers and friend got no fries at all! Then now is sick at home from the spicy chicken fingers! She said they tasted funny and they did, like fish. 
If you can't properly serve a party of 16 don't seat us. 
Hungry and pissed offMy steak was hard. I had to fight the steak just to eat it.. I have been to plenty of restaurants in the city and this place has the worst steak.. oh and by the way  no I didn't get it well done if that's what your thinking.Rock and Roll Attitude, but I could use a few napkins.....
Went to Hard Rock for the first time in awhile. It was late, the music was cranking and I had a real rock and roll guy for a waiter. I could tell he was probably playing a flaming guitar right before walking out to me. My first thought was "Hell Yea", lets do this......
Then the fun started. It only took me a minute to get back to high school in my head and remember you know what rock and roll guy thinks about all day - himself and rock and roll. 
I was dying of thirst and needed a cold beer but rock and roll guy skated by a few times before one showed up.
That beer was quickly empty and waited for rock and roll guy to notice, but he only turned and walked the other way. But i am your only customer I would wail...
I dug into my fajitas with one single napkin and prayed rock and roll guy would see the juices dripping down my forearms and grab me some napkins, but he only turned and walked the other way.
Again my beer was empty and I was sure we now had a connection - rock and roll guy probably already noticed and ordered me another..... alas you know the rest of the song.
You know what my rock and roll fantasy is, an attentive waiter who thinks of stuff i need before i need it.
Place was ok, music was way too loud (you remember rock and roll guy, right?) and the food was decent. You know what you get at Hard Rock.As someone who was fleeing from the Philadelphia Flower Show, I guess I get what I deserve by having a drink at the Hard Rock Cafe.
This is not to say that our bartender didn't do a great job -- she did.  Drinks were expertly made and quickly delivered.  its the atmosphere in which the drinks were consumed was the problem.
I thought New York's Hard Rock Cafe was cheesy, but this one takes the Velveeta.  Why do they make poor tourists wait when there are empty tables?  Why is the bar area only slightly bigger than a postage stamp?  Why do the appetizers come out burnt? Why do I even care?
I think next time I need to flee the Flower Show, I should run a few more blocks further.I got the texan and it was dry and tasteless. My whole table had a bad experience. Big price tag with a little taste. The fries were amazing but that was it. Service was mediocre.i have not stepped in a hard rock cafe for 10 yrs because the food s*****.    but now they have a new menu and the quality was as good as any other chain.   rodney was an excellent waiter
   he stopped by often and talked to our group as we were visitors to philly.   great guy.   good food.   chopped salad and texas pulled pork were good.OK so it';s been a while since I rock and rolled so I took myself over to the HARD ROCK CAFE IN PHILLY. HARD ROCK YOU SAY???? There was absolutely no vibe of HARD ROCK whatsoever! The music was pop, bubblegum if you will. The drinks were horribly watered down. 
I went to the HARD ROCK CAFE IN NYC and HAD  a fabulous time. The music and the people were true to it's name, HARD ROCK CAFE  the complete opposite of my experience in Philadelphia. On an add'l note I had asked the bartender about the music being changed over to ROCK AND ROLL which she then proceeded to tell me that the music a mixed playlist. Seriously? NO ROCK AND ROLL AT THE HARD ROCK CAFE???????????? You lost me it's back to the BIG APPLE FOR ME!Where do I begin? I ordered the Cobb salad. However it tasted like an odd salad. The lettuce was wilted within a few minutes of eating. The chicken tasted like rubber and it took forever in a day to get the check. I just wanted out of my misery. Tip: If in Philly and near Market East travel away from 12th and Market. Not happy and neither is my stomach!Pretty crappy experience in this over priced tourist trap.  Went there for lunch before the end of the year.  Would have never entertained the notion of going to an HRC in the city I live in but had to use an expiring gift certificate.  Got the appetizer sampler for the table which is the best thing they offer and the fish and chips.  All was going well except that when it came to pay we were charged for a virgin drink.  It's understandable that my beer plus souvenir glass was not covered under the gift cert, but that waiter thought it was the biggest order to ask the manager to get the non-alcoholic drink taken off our bill.  Problems were compounded when trying get parking validated.  Apparently the voucher HRC gave us was only good on the weekend. So for less than two hours of parking it was $18 which is absurd and the whole ordeal for Lunch with a gift cert still was more expensive than choosing a far better restaurant in the city.My friend a $25 coupon that expired on Sunday so we figured we'd head to Hard Rock before heading over to Field House to watch the Eagles game. 
Our experience matched our spend. Our server seemed straight out of a movie that mocks bad servers. He was flaky, fake and over us once he realized we were using a $25 coupon for an appetizer platter. The place wasn't too busy so it's not like we were taking up a valuable table. Maybe he thought we wouldn't tip on the pre-discounted price? Which of course we tipped on the full bill. He seemed angry when I asked for a straw with my beverage and extra napkins for our greasy food. He initially told us he'd be right back with napkins when he dropped off the food so I don't know why he was pissed when I asked for more napkins.  
So as I mentioned, we ordered the jumbo appetizer combo for our group of 4 plus a side salad and order of fries. We also each had an alcoholic beverage. Knowing I'd be moving on to beer, I went with a margarita. The margarita itself was fine, expect the salt from the rim had fallen into the drink. It was way too salty but I didn't want to bother our server and send it back. The appetizer combo had your basics: onion rings, chicken wings, potato skins, Mexican spring rolls and chicken tenders. Nothing was bad but nothing was good. 
It was also a bit odd that our server insisted we speak to the manager before we could settle up. He said that the manager likes to speak to everyone who uses this coupon. We had no problem speaking to the manager, except it took her about 10 minutes to come over. At that point, the game was on and we wanted to move to a bar with sound. Thankfully they were playing the game on all of the TVs, just on mute. When the manager finally came over she just asked us how our meal was, thanked us for coming and gave us a little coupon to come back. Seriously? We had to wait on our check for that conversation? 
Beggars can't be choosers, but I know I won't be choosing to go back.Just went in for a couple of drinks, to look around and shop.  Can't really mess that up - drinks were fun, atmosphere great and the staff picked out some perfect pins.  Always a fun time - of course the highlight of the evening was watching a drunk women get cut off at the bar, swear and the staff and get escorted out!  HA!We have heard all the excitement about this place so we thought we should try it.  We were seated immediately at the table closet to the hostess station.  Our server appears and is like yep you are here.  I said this is our first time here.  No welcome or help.  We order drinks and our food. Not very attentive and very dismissive.  Food was okay not really worth the price.  We will not be going back that is for sure.3pm on a Sunday there was no one there.. You would think smooth sailing. No. Our waitress was absent. The mixed drink i ordered off their drink menu was so strong it was unable to be consumed, but no one would know because the waitress was no place to be found.  In 45 min a party of 3 sat with 1 undrinkable drink, a water and 1 beer, finished.  Ordered our burgers medium and they came out bleeding.  My husband ate his anyway, but there was blood all over the plate.  I started to eat mine as well, but it wasn't even warm in the center... that means it's raw. Once she came back i told her about the drink and the burgers.  Her demeanor suddenly changed, she took it personally, she copped an attitude and suddenly I was the bad guy.  She offered another burger, but I said i had already waited too long for her to come back.  I didn't want a replacement, everyone else was finished.  I said i would eat what i had (fries/mushrooms/lettuce/tomato), but i wanted the kitchen to know.  She insisted I give her the burger so she could take it off my bill.  So, i got no meal and an undrinkable drink.  She said she needed the plate to show her manager, who NEVER came to the table to apologize.  That says everything.  Just a side note, this hard rock doesn't even have much memorabilia compared to other Hard rocks i have been to.  Mostly framed photos that you can see anywhere (not even autographed or special)By far the best restaurant in center city. nice view, good food, and its up on the top floor. i love the burgers. and i love the good lemonade! the no fuss eating policy is great too. revolving restaurant! i'll be back!got just the nachos.. the chips tasted stale not worth it at all. Cool atmosphere but food not so good. Don't waste your timeMy experience at the Hard Rock Cafe in Philadelphia was excellent. I've dined at many Hard Rock locations, but, the level of service I received at this particular Hard Rock Cafe was fantastic. The staff were down-to-earth, incredibly helpful, and the food was very good. I was most impressed by the Cobb Salad and how fresh all of the ingredients were. The avocado was so green, and normally when you order an item off the menu and it shows a picture of the meal it never lives up to the presentation, but, my food in every way looked and tasted even better than the image presented.
My expectations were definitely exceeded. I travel a lot for work, and I'm always looking for outstanding places to dine and I always find myself at the Hard Rock because of it's quality and wonderful staff. Although it isn't always affordable for me to eat at these locations as frequently as I'd like I just wanted to commend everyone's efforts in providing the great service that I wish was carried throughout more restaurants. Truly quality.As a lover of music, what I like about the Hard Rock Cafés, whether it be faux or not, is the rock n' roll memorabilia that line the walls within any HR is an experience in itself.
Philly is no different. Sure I've been at this HR location several times & yes, the service is hit & miss but mostly miss. More often than not, I'll surpass the dining experience & mosey up to the bar for a couple cocktails. 
If & when I do decide to dine, I hit up the burger side of the menu. Really hard to eff up a burger...but some how its always just barely above average. Aren't ALL HRs like this? I've never been "wow'd" by anything in a Hard Rock menu.
I've been to a lot of them & they're all pretty much the same...if you've never experienced a Hard Rock, try it. Some people hate it, some love it. Find out which side of the fence you reside on. 
3.5 stars for HR Philly.
Eat, drink & be merry. deez® out!Made a reservation on open table and requested a table w a view of the stage. Called in advance on the day of the reservation and was assured our table had a great view of the stage. Arrived w a party of seven after a 45 min drive, paid a freaking $10 cover charge for each person, and then was told all seats w stage view r first come first serve. The crap food aside, who runs a business like this? The abysmal rating here is well deserved. If I could I would leave zero stars. Never again.I love Hard Rock cafes.....but their food always makes me sick. Our waitress Liz made the it with while though.If my experience had continued how it started, they'd be getting a 1 star, but they actually got themselves together and made my dining experience decent.
My group of four was here on a Saturday night at 6, and it was NOT crowded. That being said, we got sat immediately, next to a large column with no view. That was disappointing, but after we ere sat so quickly, we waited and waited for someone to greet us. My group had picked out our orders and everything when after about 8 minutes I went up to the giggling female hostesses and demanded a waiter, since tables sat after us had their waiters and drinks already. We finally got a waitress after another minute and a half of figuring who could take our table.
After that, our meal came out extremely fast. Our waitress checked in on us once, which was fine, but we needed her to come back to fill up all of our drinks. 
Overall, would not go back; would rather dine in a local establishment next time rather than this chain.Despite all of the negative reviews, we had a great experience here.  Wait staff efficient, food hot and tasty.  No complaints. :-)Had the ribs and fajitas. Both prepared well and tasty. Lots to eat. Also had the taste of Mexico ( flight of 3 margarita's (1/2 portion) and cups and salsa. Very good. Server was fairly good as well. Over all ...meh. Had worse had better. Nothing real special about the place.Sunday - June 2, 2013 - 4:55PM
The receptionist stated that I could sit anywhere.  When dining alone, I choose the bar.  This time I chose an area that is a cross between a shelf and a truncated table that sets between the dining room and bar. 
I waited until 5:02 (7 minutes) and no one, repeat, no one greeted me.  I spent two minutes writing this uncomplimentary TIP on Yelp!  
Exacerbating the experience was the realization that two patrons seated at the bar were enjoying libations AFTER my arrival. 
.....FIRST AND LAST VISIT AT THE HARD ROCK!!Came here for a Beat Tells event for the Leukemia and Lymphoma society. The band was very good, and I had no issue with them.
However, the service is awful at the hard rock. The drink turn around was pathetic considering how empty the place was. There was times people in my party would order beers from the bar and they would be halfway done by the time the waitress actually came around again.
Your drinks come in plastic cups. Plastic mini hard rock cups. Really? I paid 10+ bucks for a cocktail I would like it in a real glass. This is not a Phillies or Eagles game. I would also like to have prices on the drink menu. Great they put the calories on the menu, but the college student me cares more about the price than my waistline.  
Glad I came to event because it supported a wonderful cause, but I wish I wasn't at the hard rock.I like the mojo of the place, it's cool to see something with a theme and they completely embrace it. The service was fine, neither had nor great, and the food took slightly long to come. I got the Grilled Chicken sandwich with honey mustard and it was fine, their fries are AMAZING.  I liked their menu because in the back they had all the nutritional facts of each ingredient and calorie intakes of each meal with them. The calories were huge, seemed weirdly large, but I think they are the only restaurant telling the actual truth. Our calorie intake is always more than we think, so I appreciated it. All in all, a fine dinner.I've eaten at Hard Rock Philly maybe about twice over the past 9 years I've lived in Pennsylvania and from what I can remember, the experiences were both pretty good.  The last time I ate there was in October 2005, right before my meet and greet with Hanson and then seeing them in concert at the Trocadero (see my review of the Trocadero).  The grilled salmon (with a side of penne pasta) was rockin'.  For dessert, I ordered this monstrous brownie sundae (I was unaware of how big it was and discovered that the brownie was buried under baseball-sized heaps of ice cream!) that when the waitress brought it to the table, she called it "the brownie of doom."  On that note, the waitress was really cool and I had happened to mention to her that I was going to meet Hanson shortly after I left the restaurant--she didn't tease me for being a Hanson fan; she just thought it was cool that they were willing to do meet and greets at all, being that her favorite band was Nine Inch Nails.  She said that she was going to see them in concert and that she didn't think Trent Reznor would ever in a million years do a meet and greet.  
The location is very convenient for me; just a hop on the train and get off at Market East, and I'm there!Tonight I had an absolutely terrible experience while dining at the Hard Rock Cafe in Philly. First of all my waitress was literally the most miserable individual I have ever seen. I do not mean that in a cruel way. I understand people have off days but all she kept saying was how much she hated her job she hates dealing with people the list could go on and on. Long story short, my fiancé and I ordered 2 drinks. 25 minutes later the drinks arrived and we ordered our meals. One hour later the completely wrong meal came out and the waitress proceeded to argue and say this is what we ordered. I explained that this was wrong and she brings out the "correct meals" (30 minutes later) which looked horrendous. Overall very rude staff, very sloppy and the entire restaurant was just saying how unprofessional the entire restaurant is. Do not waste your time or money.As I was walking around, the staff and the assistant manager were great with interacting with me and helping me find memorabilia. The assistant manager told me some of the history of the location and the way they restaurant was set-up. While they initially got my wife's order wrong, they went above and beyond to correct it.  As someone who has visited about five dozen Hard Rock Cafés all over North America and internationally, this was some of the best service we have ever received!  Would definitely come back and highly recommend!!!Had lunch there after a long day of traveling. I ordered the twisted mac and chees with chicken, it was very good. The strawberry cheesecake was AMAZING!. My server Brandon was an absolute gem. Very informative even opened the "Philly" room for me so I could look around. I completely  enjoyed my  experience.I'm in town to see the opening of Hard Rock in Atlantic City tomorrow and I wanted to stop in to the Philadelphia café because of the great experience I had the last time and I'm becoming a Hard Rock geek anyway! 
We were in for dinner tonight and we noticed that your manager, Tom Morales, was in and he recognized us and went out of his way to come over and say hi to us as well as our children. He's always good with the kids! 
He came by to see how our dinner was and my husband told him everything was okay (he didn't really mean it), I assume Tom knew by his face and our plates that something was wrong and finally my husband told him that the burgers were undercooked and inedible for us. 
Not only did he apologize but he took the burgers with him and within 10 minutes we had new burgers, cooked correctly. 
He noticed our kids were done with their meals when he took the burgers back and asked them what type of ice cream they like and he brought them each a scoop of ice cream. Now my husband and I weren't the only ones eating! 
Once again Tom went out of his way to make sure we had an amazing dining experience. He is not just a great manager but a great person. We're very excited about AC opening and I hope they have a great manager like Tom. I know that may sound silly but I know the hospitality business and good, caring managers are hard to come by. Without him here tonight, I would have rated our visit 2 stars and definitely not 5.Came in from Philly heat to get cool.  We handsome cold beers and grilled wings. All was good.  Brandon was a great bartender.The most AMAZING salad here!!! Chicken Choped Salad is to die for! Sat at the bar, service was quick and friendly. Didn't get to stay for the love music but I would like to go back the next time I'm in town for the music portionArrived around 8pm on a Sunday night. It wasn't packed, but they were not busy. Our waiter was Scott. Scott is a total jerk. He was rude. He didn't get our orders correct. He was unprofessional.
To top that off the food was mediocre.
Not even worth a full review here. Never going back.I went to this hard Rock café quite a bit when it first opened and on and off for a few years. When I move back to Philadelphia in 2007 until now I've been there a few times the atmosphere is changed and the food is pretty much take it or leave itExtremely salty wings. Very limited choice of beers. Won't be going back there. Ever.Stopped in for a quick drink...not breaking my rule, since there is no longer a Hard Rock in Sacramento!  This banana berry colada is good; only went in because it was raining and it was close.  Meh...This is the 4 hard rock I've been to and this one is highly disappointing.
My boyfriend, roommate and I came here for my birthday. It was rather small compared to any of the other ones I've been to. I had the wild berry smoothie which was great, our friend had the hippie punch and it was great. To die for. 
We ordered the nachos for an appetizer and my boyfriend had a Caesar salad. The salad was great. I wished they had more croutons, but no complaints besides that. The nachos themselves were bland, didn't come with much on them, but those that had toppings were delicious. 
Our entrees were such a let down. I had the salmon, it tasted like it came out of the freezer. The mashed potatoes were great, I ordered onion rings with it and they were soaked in grease. Literally soggy. My boyfriend asked for a burger cooked medium, it came out like a hockey puck. It had Swiss and mushrooms which wasn't bad. Just overcooked. Our friend had the fiesta burger and hers was undercooked, but other than that she loved it. 
The waitress was great and the overall atmosphere is lively and friendly. I wish the food was better because this place would be perfect.Food was not what I've had in the past and the service was definitely lacking. Kinda disappointing from times in the past I've been here.I've decided that Hard Rock is a TGI Fridays or Applebees with much more expensive decor.
That being said, is it worth it to come here? I suppose if you're a pop or rock music paraphernalia addict and like your food to be only middlin' to okay, depending on the dish - burger was probably the best-done meal here (pasta was not firm and the salad was bitterly strange). A decent place to grab a drink, though.  Steer clear otherwise.well...you're not going for the food are you.  free wifi makes up for the uninspired menu.Not thrilled with the menu. Over priced, small selection. Not my favorite chain.Worst place to go to for breakfast. We were there for our senior breakfast and the price for it was overrated. I am not going back there. Scramble eggs were mushed together, the potatoes were pretty good, and they gave us foam cups? What happened to glass cups? I only ate a small portion, which is not worth my money.... I went because my friends were there... Even ihop is a lot better.Yeah . . . Sent back undercooked fish . . . Very poor service. Won't be back here, but others might care.okay food, and stylish environmentWalked in and was immediately greeted by a young woman who not only looked miserable at her job, evident by her scowl and playing on her phone, along with resting her head on her hand. She asked us a question, but being a loud place and her posture, we could make it out. So we walked closer and asked her to repeat. What she repeated made no sense and was spoken so fast, we had to ask a 3rd time (granted we are American, so not a language barrier). She then got an attitude, turned to the girl behind her, handed her 2 menus, rolled her eyes, and mumbled something. On top of this, our waiter acted like he was overdosing in valiums, with no personality at all. Food was ok. Service was horrible. Will not be back.I bought tickets to a Rocky Horror themed drag queen show for my newlywed husband and I to go to as he is a HUGE fan of both Rocky Horror and drag so it seemed rather fitting. We got to the venue right at 8:30 which is when our tickets said doors opened. I was expecting it to be in a more private room of some sort, but it was in the main dining area and it was already PACKED, hard to believe it was only people there for the show as again, we got there early. We grabbed the last table which was in the very back, farthest point from the stage and behind a huge pillar, had a fairly obstructed view but we took it and figured we could shuffle our seats around to see the stage when the show began.
It's now 9 o'clock, we've been sitting for half an hour STARVING, no show started, waiting to even see a waiter. No one is on the floor. We finally see a manager and just ask if we can get some attention as all the tables surrounding us too are complaining. Ten minutes later there is a waiter, who greets every table except for ours. Like, blatantly ignored us after flagging him down several times. I know it's busy and it's a Saturday night and I was note than willing to wait, but some acknowledgment of some sort, even just some fucking water would've been nice. Nothing.
It's now 9:50. No waiter. They're now allowing everyone who showed up late to stand right in front of our table for the show. The only window of unobstructed view I had of the stage is now blocked by stragglers. It's now been near an hour and a half of no service. I only saw two waiters on the floor in that time anyways.
As the show is now going to start in ten minutes and we're starving and wouldn't be able to see it, we decide we should just leave. We just wanted a refund for our tickets and to speak about the service.
The floor manager (didn't catch his first name, last name Morales) is an absolute coward and does not know in the slightest how customer service works nor how to run a business. He seemed incredibly flustered and unsure how to handle anything, denied us a refund. Whatever. That's fine. I'll never be back again nor recommend to anyone. They host a lot of these events, always on a Saturday and yet...no staffing. It's ridiculous.Not a big fan of this place at all. Food was okay, but nothing to die for. I had the famous fajitas trip combo and had no idea why they are called famous. The service was horrible seeing as how it took about 10 minutes just to receive a cup of water. Finally, the bathrooms were located on the lower level. It was pretty creepy and definitely not a safe place. The first and last hard rock i will ever go to.Food was ok but man did it take a long time for just getting 3 kids meals and an appetizer platter. It had to have been 30 minutes at least and they weren't even that busy. I should have known when you go in on a Saturday night at 9 and it's only half full. Oh well better luck next time....oh wait there won't be a next time sorryNormal downtown Philadelphia, slow service. 30 minutes to get cheese cake, I guess they had to make it...Worth a visit. 
The food is tasty and also suitable for the whole family. 
We celebrated there a birthday with all the family with kids and everybody was pleased. 
There service is also quick and there is a good atmosphere.We usually come here every year before the flower show since it is right at the train stop. We always get seated right away are servers are always great people. I do like the scenery in the restaurant. I think the food is pretty average to me. I do love watching the music videos that they play since I was such a MTV head when they actually played videos. I think this place is touristy when you go to other cities. I enjoy my service there.The only thing I really liked about this place was the ambience. The items were too expensive and they don't even mention the price on their menu. I wouldn't mind that if the food was exceptionally good. But in my opinion it was quite the opposite. I did not like the wings. They smeared too much of the spicy sauce on it. The shrimp platter was not to good either. The steak was not bad but not great. The mojito could've contained more alcohol. All in all I would not recommend this place.Both stars are for the conversation pieces coating the walls and for their TV station that was a blast to the past from when MTV played actual music videos. Everything else was rubbish.
First of all, it took us three tries to even get into the place. The first two times were on Friday or Saturday nights and they were closed for private events. We walk by here fairly regularly, and I'd never been to a Hard Rock Cafe before, so when they finally let us in we decided to give it a whirl. 
We sat at the bar drinking overpriced beer while waiting for our table. Service was agonizingly slow, punctuated by our being so hungry. I had grilled veggies and cheese on a ciabatta roll, and I made the boyfriend order sliders because I wanted one. My sandwich was decent, but the sliders were seriously the smallest I'd ever seen. I didn't know they even made burger buns smaller than silver dollars. And they were gross too.
I'm just happy to have gotten the Hard Rock experience out of the way so I never have to do it again.Middle of the road.
I just hosted an event for work here, and the servers were hanging in there even though there was a sudden huge crowd that seemed to be moving around and mostly not staying in one place. So, service...pretty great and on point from what I could see.
Food: I only managed to scarf down the veggie burger. It was delicious and the put fresh zucchini and squash and salsa on it, which I thought was fantastic. Unfortunately, the bun gets to soggy it sort of starts to slide off and you dont have much to hold on to half way through. I tried some of my friends mac & cheese which had some red pepper in it and that was too die for, though (i'm a fiend for mac & cheese) and had a little spicy kick to it. Pretty good fries. But yes, expensive food. And most of the stuff here will run you a pretty penny. and will be almost half or all of your daily caloric intake (the calorie count on the menu made my heart skip a beat...and not in that romantic way...more in that "i'm about to have an actual heart attack" sort of way cause there's so much sodium and calories in their food.
Atmosphere: LOVE IT. this is what the place has going best for it. I'm a nerd for rock n roll and music history in general. There's drum sets played by Ginger Baker, clothing worn by John Lennon and Elton John, Jimmy Page's guitar, Stevie Nicks' boots, old concert photos, and more. I sometimes find it strange that something like rock n roll is smashed into a corporate chain restaurant but i guess there is always something two sided about the music industry, too.
This place is middle of the road. I doubt I would come here often (only because its PHILADELPHIA, and you can get so much delicious local food at other places within walking distance, you'd have to be a tourist to really CHOOSE to go here). But hey, I won't rule it out. I had a pretty good experience. Only took away stars for the price and the fact that most of this stuff is not good for your waistline/health.My son had never been to a HRC so I took the opportunity to take him here.  We both enjoyed our late night dinner.  Lots of good options to choose from.  We had a great time and have even visited another HRC since our trip here.Stopped in here for a bite to eat with my daughter while we were in town.  We didn't want anything too heavy so we just ordered a couple of appetizers.  The bruschetta was fabulous - with the addition of herbed cream cheese, it was a little different than typical bruschetta.  The spinach and artichoke dip was really good too, although not really any better or worse than it is elsewhere.  We loved the parmesan flatbread that came with it.  Our waitress was nice enough and service was quick.  All in all - a win.I believe most people (old farts, Gen-xrs or whatever your "group" is) come to the Hard Rock to see the stuff, not eat the food. We happened to get there just as they opened for lunch on a spring Sunday.  We had a great server, LIZ who took our drink orders, and then made sure we a great time. (Well we may have had too good of a time from the looks we were getting from the other diners who were slowly trickling in). I did get the chopped smoked chicken salad which was large and tasty. 
One of the things me and the SO do as we travel is hit the Hard Rocks. I am a pin collector and the SO collects Zippo lighters. At just about every one, we have a great experience talking to the servers.  Yes the drinks are expensive and the food is so-so (most not healthy and expensive) but that is not the reason we are here.Ordered a soda, chicken fingers and a side order of fries, it came out to 26 dollars BEFORE TIP. I have no idea why they would think a price like that would be okay for subpar food, but definitely will not be going back based on price alone. Servers were nice and attentive, and bathrooms were super clean which is where the 2 stars go!I don't often rule out going back to a restaurant, but this time, I have to make an exception. My co-workers and I chose Hard Rock because it was close to the hotel and we figured it's a pretty no fuss kind of dinner place. I don't think I'll be back.
First, Hard Rock apparently puts calories on their menu now. For everything. Including drinks! And it does not help, as most of their meals are close to 2,000 calories. Even the salads!
I got the California burger with a Caesar side salad. First - just FYI - they put bacon in the Caesar salad. I was not a fan. And the burger - large - but otherwise pretty much nothing special.
My advice: there are too many other restaurants around this area for me to want to try this again.
Service: So slow! We didn't even do anything fancy with drinks or appetizers or even pre-dinner salads and it took forever to get our food. And they were slow about refilling drinks. And then it took forever to get our check. Otherwise friendly though.
Environment: It's Hard Rock Cafe. Loud, a little obnoxious. Although it's a good amount of space so at least you don't feel cramped.Needed a late night place to grab a drink and wait for the train. We walked in to heavy metal music and a basically empty restaurant. Bar was pretty full, assuming people were awaiting their trains.  We ordered our drinks from really happy bartenders and served immediately. Be warned: if you don't have your ID with you, you're not going to be drinking!  Beer selection is pretty good. I had a Sierra Nevada pale ale and my girlfriends got tropical drinks (we went to Cuba Libre prior and They kept the trend going). They reported their drinks to be pretty good. Got our check for about 30 bucks and left to get our train. All we had to do was walk through the restaurant and we were in Jefferson station (the old market east). This really made for a convenient place to go instead of waiting in the station which can be a bit sketchy/straight up weird at those hours.  I gave it three stars only because of the weird ID thing, the fact that they weren't crowded and also because in comparison to all other bars and restaurants in the city I just couldn't.This was my first choice for a restaurant in Philly.  But the majority voted and decided and so we all went. 
One look at the menu options and I wanted to get up and leave. I'm not one to place that much sodium and calories knowingly into my body from just one meal!  Its crazy they place so much sodium in a plain burger order!
Given a choice I would not be entering into a Hard Rock Cafe in the future.Ended up here when I needed a warm place to sit and a meal.  I say this because I was right next to Reading Terminal Market and that is where you should be eating in this neighborhood.  Hard Rock Cafe was exactly what you would expect.  Food was A-OK.  Fun atmosphere.  No complaints.As I've mentioned before, I like to bring my appetite to a place when I come because I want my palate to enjoy the food to it's fullest flavor. I was on my way to one of my favorite Asian restaurants but I was famished and didn't want to walk the 4 blocks to eat there so I stopped off at Hard Rock Cafe'. As I brought my appetite I should have also made note to manage my expectations along with that because the experience I had here this day was not the eating life at all. Hard Rock had an advertisement promoting with a bacon cheese burger, fries and a Guiness stout beer on it along with a $15.95 after the caption.
 Nothing hits the spot like a good ol' American bacon cheese burger, fries and a drink right, especially at a cost like that. I say fine. Move to the counter and wait to be served.
But it was too good to be true. I was informed that the actual price was $15.95 without the beer and that the cheese was flavored with Jim Beam whiskey....Uhhhh, ok. I like different taste in foods. Let me try it, I say and let me have a hard cider. When the food arrives it looks nothing like the ad and I'm already disappointed because the beverage wasn't included. After taking one bite I sat there smh about being hungry and not being satisfied. Another server there noticed that I was not eating and asked, "How was everything?" So glad you asked, I said and told him of my displeasure. He then called a manager over to me and I repeated my story. His name was, Erik (I think I saw a "K" ) and he was very attentive, genuinely concerned and professional. He offered me to remain dining to finish my meal and a refund minus the cider - DEAL! I shall return to Hard Rock Cafe but it will not be for their burgers.So, anytime time you order BBQ and it is drown in sauce something is wrong ... the food is marginal and would appeal to drunk and hungry people ... with that said, the atmosphere is Rock and Roll and nice memorabilia abounds ... foodies need to stay away ... the cooks make mass produced basics!It was a decent meal. I had the twisted Mac and cheese and ordered a drink. The pour was generous, the color was satisfying and it was tasty. Our server was friendly.Food was good but the service was slower than a turtle.. it took them some time to  ring back water.. friendly stafTraditional Hard Rock. The wings were very tasty. We ordered traditional rocker style. The Philly cheese steak was dry but the fries and coleslaw were good. Our waiter Jacob was great about getting my special dietary requests in for my salad and fajitas. Steak was medium rare and tender. Good meal for a late arrival into Philly!Service was great. Ribs not that good, was dry and not seasoned well.
The aragula salad is an incontournable! You shall try it
Drinks were good, just not much alcohol on it lol
Was more a teenager drinkThis place is noisy, but fun! My kinda rocking atmosphere! Great service and great food too!I paid $15 for a mojito with one sprig of mint and a dried up cucumber. Shameful. Don't put up with terrible quality because of a chain name!Came here w my kids class trip. All the food was prepared ahead of time and the burgers were HORRIBLE. The Ceasar salad was blah. The fries were the best part. I was limited Bc like usual they didn't offer any accommodations for us weirdo vegetarians. So I had to get a salad minus the chicken. Lacked flavor. The waiter was good though. The kids at my table couldn't eat their burnt burgers though.I went to this location with my mother for her birthday. We went at around 6 on a Thursday. As always, Hard Rock seems like a pretty popular place to dine so it picked up quickly. My mom always gets bruschetta as her entree and it is always rung up as so and I got a burger. It was her birthday dinner and she had a birthday offer of "buy one entree, get one free". She didn't get her meal free, despite the fact that bruschetta isn't even offered on the menu as an item itself. We were also brought our desserts and had to wait to flag down our waitress for almost 10 minutes while my moms ice cream melted because they did not bring us spoons. 
The upside- our waitress was amazing and did anything she could to help, especially with my mom's rewards. They did take her dessert off but with all of that said we waited for what felt like forever. Again, not our waitresses fault, she was great, the Guiness & Jameson bacon burger with parm fries is highly recommended.I ended up at the Hard Rock Cafe on a Monday night after a Cake Tasting event at the Lowes Hotel across the street. We'd never been to one and thought it would be a good experience. After dropping off a few things at the car and reading the yelp reviews, I was ready for a very bad dinner. 
I was wrong! We were seated right away towards the center of the room. I was amazed by all of the wonderful items on the walls. I couldn't stop looking around. Our drink orders were taken and brought to us quickly. There is a book of facts which I found interesting to read while we waited for our food. 
We both had the New York strip steak with a garlic butter sauce. It was amazing! Perfectly cooked and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were very thick but the gravy really helps it out a lot. Even the broccoli was perfectly cooked. Its amazing how many restaurants don't get the vegetables right. 
The Hard Rock Cafe was a good experience for us. I find myself curious about what the other locations have on their walls. I would definitely recommend this place (maybe on an off night based on other reviews).Great restaurant, diverse food and beverage selection, friendly servers. The location is perfect, right near city hall in central Philly. I usually order food to go from here and the food is always prepared as nicely as it is in house. Absolute favorite is the chicken arugula salad, it has light dressing, some oranges to give it a tangy bite too!This place   was my go to in Philly every Thurs with my co-workers. I had a ball on New years Eve  def a fun atmosphere, good drinks  appetizers . I  have been there for lunch and  never had a problem . Service and good  sandwiches. I splurged and had some special hard rock burger which was delish and I don't do heavy carbs as I am always dieting and doing the low carb but sometimes u just have to splurge but I think if ur looking for a fun place , good food , and in the heart of center city its def worth going they do have specials and it's just cool place 2 relax after work or if ur in the city. 
Btw, I  also have been 2 Hard Rock in Orlando, FL and the it was on vacation and I have a great time , fun, relax and enjoying appetizers and fun drinks . So really surprised at the low reviews but both Philly and Florida were both  great . I really enjoyed all the cool memorabilia and ended up buying my ex a $400 leather jacket, as a gift . So, def a fan. Would def recommend.This was also a nice place, however the beer wasn't cold enough for me. To get the real cold beer you need to get a draft beer. That's only hopefully if they carry your brand on draft. Since this place is Downtown Philly, be warned all prices downtown for beer only is like $5.50 and up for one beer.This is your typical Hard Rock Cafe. It has a lot of musical instruments on the walls and the food is great. The waitstaff was very polite and friendly. If you're in Philadelphia and you like the Hard Rock Cafe this is definitely something you should stop by and see. I drove over an hour to get here and it was all worth it.Typical tourist spot.. food is ok, drinks ok... as expectedTypical Hard Rock -  pretty good food and only a little overpriced. 
We asked about the calroies/sodium listing on the menu - some were terrifyingly high. The server said that they had to list the 'worst case' scenario, and that the actual total was less. OK I guess.Sure, some people will (possibly unfairly) label the Hard Rock Cafe as kitschy or touristy. But that's a known element and I don't necessarily agree with it anyway, so you shouldn't gauge it against some other standard than any other restaurant. Besides, this is in my own city and I have no qualms about going there, you shouldn't either. That said, this Hard Rock had what seemed to be a lot less music memorabilia than others. And to be fair, looking around at that sort of stuff is what entertains me while I'm waiting for food. There were a few outfits and guitars on the wall, spread out, and that mostly was it. I've seen a bigger and more eclectic variety at other locations.
Our server Chaz was nice and took his time to make sure we had what we needed. Though, when it came time to get our drinks, it took forever and the bartender explained that because the Stella Artois beer tap was "in another room" so it was taking longer to get. What a weird explanation, true or not. 
I ordered the sirloin steak. And I have to admit, it was well above what I was expecting. It was cooked to medium perfection, the broccoli was steamed just right and, well, I've never met a mashed plate that I didn't love. Overall, the meal itself was better than I've had at any Hard Rock Cafe in the past. 
So, it had some elements that were good, some not-so-good, and some expected. Based on my experience, I think you will get exactly out of going here as you would expect to, and that's okay by me.I went there on my trip to philly for the philly auto show with a couple of friends. we were at reading terminal market which idsdown the street ,but since it was a bit crowded for a weekday,we decided not to have the traditional cheesesteak that philly is known for.I had the tupelo chicken fingers which was 4 large size chicken fingers breaded nicely,but was not spicy as the server described but it was good to eat. I had the bacon cheeseburger which was ok but not the best burger and a bit over priced for a novelty chain at $13 I felt was a ripoff however the staff was nice and courteous but not the best restraunt.this is the second hard rock cafe i ever visited besides the atlantic city one a long long time ago.The next time i go to philly, I will def go to south philly for either pats,genos or tony lukes not for a over priced crappy burger at a novelty chainIn town for a visit, our 19 yr old wanted to eat at Hard Rock.  We'd never been to one, so decided to try it.  Place was loud as expected, full of music memorabilia.  Nothing special though.  Menu was full of $13.95 burgers.  Son had a burger, I had the sirloin steak, and husband had the grilled shrimp pasta.  Food was good, but portions were small.  The pasta especially was paltry - never seen a pasta portion that small.  Service was good - a pleasant enough dining experience, although very loud.  The worst thing was they try to sell you everything.  You order your dinner and they try to sell appetizers, sides, etc.  For that reason, we won't be returning to the HRC.This is probably my the third Hard Rock Cafe I've been to, and this one probably is my least favorite. Don't get me wrong it's still a nice place, just a bit more smaller than I expected. The waitress was nice and so was the aesthetics as like all the other Hard Rock Cafe. The food was good, but I don't think I'd be eating here again. Definitely a location I'd just visit once.Hard Rock Cafe deserves 4 starts just for the ambience, decor and choice of music. The food was what I expected.  Nothing spectacular, but pretty good.  The spinach artichoke dip was quite good. We had the chicken fajitas which were pretty good also. Staff was attentive and friendly. Enjoyed looking at all the memorabilia.We were in town for the Eagles preseason game and stopped in for pregame drinks and my favorite snack, Tupelo chicken fingers. Our server, Marcellus was a rockstar. He was attentive, fun, and happy to give us menu suggestions. This is a nice refuge from the craziness outside. Our drinks came out promptly and the service was fantastic! My Tupelo chicken fingers were delicious as always!  We are used to the Orlando location and while this one isn't as large and rockin, they serve up yummy drinks and food. We'll definitely return if we are staying at the Loews Philadelphia.My family and I ate here while on vacation. We went for lunch on NYE, and there was no wait for a table. The restaurant is centrally located in the historic Reading Terminal. The food is the standard fare you'd expect from a popular chain restaurant: burgers, salads, chicken and pasta entrees. I was impressed with the kid meal options because there was a variety of healthy items to choose from, such as salad and grilled chicken. My daughter ordered a strawberry basil lemonade, which was sweet and refreshing. Even though it's not on the menu, the restaurant had vegetable soup on hand. Maybe they only make it on really cold days. I don't know, but I'm glad they did because I was freezing. My husband ordered a pulled pork sandwich and he liked it. The coleslaw that came with his meal was delicious. The waitress was very nice and attentive, especially with my 5-year old. Our main reason for visiting the Hard Rock Cafe was to purchase a magnet, since we collect them. However, we were pleasantly surprised by the food and service.I saw this was three stars but honestly this was one of the best meals I've had in philly. 
The service was very good, food prompt and hot!
Beer cold and not watery :).
I had the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw.
Most excellent.I came to the Hard Rock Cafe for the first time for a Networking event I was invited to through LinkedIn.  It was a great opportunity and I am glad I got to experience it. It's cool that the Hard Rock hosts things like that. The food was ok. I had the chicken BLT club sandwich. That was really good! The fries though we're room temperature and soggy. I also did not like the spice on the fries. Overall it was good though.
The server seemed a little snippy like she was overwhelmed but she was as friendly as she could be. Smile more though :)
Bartenders were great. The hosts/hostesses were very friendly and smiley. There were a couple of them up there. Good times but I wouldn't drive the 45 minutes there just for the food.First time here on vacation. We love to go to a Hard Rock wherever we travel. It's smaller than some with a lot less typical Hard Rock stuff. The music was good though as some of them are too loud. The waits staff was really friendly. We had the legendary burger which was ok. We had the Southwest minis for appetizers and those were actually great! We did run out of water and had to ask, but overall the visit was OK. I  would say average Hard Rock experience.This place is pretty much standard.  Our server was VERY friendly, but the food was sub par.  No one at this dinner had anything they actually enjoyed, although nothing they found disgusting.  I'd say this is your typical Hard Rock Cafe, and you know what you're getting into.I ordered the Guinness and Jameson burger and I found it delicious. I was intrigued by the bacon jam. I found the fries delicious too! With this yummy cheese sauce. Well maybe it was really cuz I was cheating on my diet. Lol. So im giving it 4 stars cuz the hostess seated us where they had a digital photo booth that was not a booth but a screen on the wall. We just took lots of photos. I really liked how the kids meals came in these cute guitar plates. I wish they had those when I was a kid.Over-priced tourist trap!!!!!!  I've been here many times, and the entrees are mediocre at best.We've gone basically for the atmosphere. It's a fun place to eat.  
The best thing about it is the dessert. When my bf and I eat here, we eat dessert FIRST and then have lunch or dinner. I love their hot fudge brownie w/ icecream.There was a time when the HRC was a cool place to be and be seen, offering food that was good enough to warrant a visit without having to rely on all the visuals hanging on the walls.  Those days have passed, as evidenced by my visit earlier this week to the HRC in Philadelphia.  The food was barely mediocre.  My dinner (Mac & Cheese with chicken) was almost inedible.  The drinks - ok but nothing special.  The service was satisfactory.  Quite honestly, I couldn't wait for the evening to end so I could leave.  I will not return.We had a group of 16 with a prearrangement - we arrived on time - the food was good - the service ok EXCEPT the manager informs us that the HR does not give silverware/napkins to groups.  It's a waste of silverware since most don't usually use it.  YET every other customer in the place got silverware whether they planned to use it or not!  AND our meal was not cheap!!  We paid around $22 per person for a burger.  This happened to us in Boston as well a couple of years ago - I think this indeed will be our last visit with them with our group.  Went to Houlihan's in Cherry Point and they were terrific and got an awesome meal for $15 per person!  Thanks for nothing HRCame here a while ago to grab dinner with the wife. I am a big rock fan, and it's cool to see all the memorabilia they have there. I like that a lot.
The service was good. I remember the waiter trying to upsell us a lot, but at least he was attentive.
This is not the place to come when you're feeling like something light. They put their calorie counts on the menu and that's a blessing and a curse. I would have loved to have ordered a burger, but seeing that it was well over 1000 calories, I opted for something else, a chicken sandwich. Which was like 800-900 calories and fairly tasty, but not that delicious. Not worth the calories - or the price. I remember checking the bill because it seemed so high, but it was right. It just seemed a lot for what we had and the quality of the food.
So yeah, won't be back probably. Although it wasn't that bad that I swear I'd never come back.Came here for an appetizer and a drink by myself. They refused to sell me an item on their appetizer sampler by itself. So I chose not to eat here. If it is an appetizer sampler the options should be available individually. They aren't. Moving on...We visited this hard rock on a friday evening and it was pretty slow. Even still out food took forever to come out and the burger that was supposed to be medium well and it was rare. The food is usually good and ordered how we like. We were on a time constraint so we had to just deal with it rather then send it back. They have a great drink selection especially fruity drinks which are what i really like. The waiter was friendly but i was not completely saitisfied with him since out order did not come out competely correct. Prices are average- about $10.99 for a burger and fries. Alcoholic drinks range from $7-10 depending on what you get. Location is near then convention center so in walking distance to many hotels if you are visitng. I am sure i will eat at Hard rock again somewhere in my travels it just probably wont be this one.You can get decent food here. I would have liked to see refills on our drinks (lemonade, Coke). At $2.98 per drink, you should get a free refill. The calorie counts on the menu is discouraging, but we ignored it mostly :-)  It is a noisy place though--we could carry on a conversation, but still, it's quite noisy. The ambiance is cool if you like rock 'n roll.We decided to come here after getting into town and just wanting to grab a quick bite before going back to the hotel (we were staying across the street). We saw they were busy which a lot of people coming in from the convention center but we were seated immediately. 
Randi was our waitress and was doing a good job but they were just busy and it seemed she had tables in the main area as well as the seating area towards the back which made things more difficult for her. She offered suggestions on the menu and go us our drinks and appetizers quickly. However my sandwich was incorrect but she was working so hard and was such a pleasant person i didn't want to complain. 
I have never seen a hard rock cafe this busy before and doesn't seem any of the managers were helping the waiters and waitresses  stay up with their clients. I think if there was more team work and if the staff had all their tables in one area instead of spread out that this restaurant would get a better rating.Bartender Brandon was very sweet and helpful. Good was delicious as well as the drinks. Def recommend.This place isn't inherently bad, you just have to know what to expect. To me, it's a chain restaurant dressed up in rock n' roll flair. If you take away the memorabilia, music (which isn't bad per-say) and the servers clad in body art, you have a regular ol' Friday's/Chili's/Whathaveyou. 
We came here for a drinks on a Friday evening and it was busy. Certainly expected on Friday in a city. We managed to get a table, or a seat that long table thing that resembled a table in the bar. Service was decent given the crowd.  The staff was friendly.  We opted to just stay for a drink since we had a fairly late lunch. Drinks came out on time, check did as well.We were seated right away. We had a new waitress as she just turned 21, so she could not recommend any drinks because she hadn't had any of them. We had the Bruschetta, which was very good. I ordered the Gini Hendrix and others ordered specialty cocktails as well. My drink tasted of all orange juice, i sent it back, as im not paying $10 for a orange juice martini. They made a new one, this one as served in a hot glass and so my drink was room temp when it arrived. My friend asked for a taster of a wine and it was brought in a hot glass, when she passed it to me to try, i thought she asked for hot sake, that's how hot the glass was. 1 - bad bartending to send a sampler or any drink for that matter in a hot glass, obviously if the drink is hot no one is going to want to order it, drink it, or order another one for that matter. 2-  bad on the waitress for placing it on the table, since she had to have felt the temp. The grilled chicken sandwich wasn't bad. We won't be back needless to stay. worst meal we had all week in philly.Always visit the Hard Rock when I'm in town.  Food is always consistent and service is good. Got lucky this time, no wait to get a table!Lunch at Hard Rock was a good experience.  We had the pulled pork sandwiches, one hickory BBQ saquce, and one with mustard style BBQ sauce.  Both sandwiches were very tasty.  The sides were good also.  The memorabila on the walls was interesting.  Service was just fine.Went here with my wife and father-in-law as kind of a nice treat. My wife had a poor experience at the location in New York, but figured we would try this one. Yeah no.
This place runs on name only and is going through the motions. Parking is a headache, but that's not on them (try and walk there if you can) - but the service is lousy. Staff is not very attentive, food is OK, and the prices are not in line for what you get. 
In a city where food is a big deal, and you can find a vast array of choices anywhere - I'd skip this tourist attraction.Still waiting for food. 16 people and they "decided to serve 8 first because the kitchen was backed up". So a had hour later we are STILL sitting her no food while the people have for the food and already eaten are done. At this point I want to go and not even eat. Food was not that good my burger was not even warm in the middle cold and uncooked and my daughters chicken fingers smelled fishy and she got sick later that night. 
Second visit and it was the same as the first... not good. Won't be back for a third. 
If you can't properly serve a party of 16 don't seat us. 
Hungry and pissed.5 starts b/c i came in expecting something and left being overwhelmed as my expectations were blown away, that's why i gave 5 stars!Hard Rock Cafe in Philadelphia satisfied a late-night need for food that did not include fast-food. The service was prompt and friendly, even as closing time neared. The food matched the quality of service, with portion sizes making it worth the price, and the flavor much better than expected. Overall, I would return to Hard Rock Cafe when pressed on time.I've always been a sucker for a hard rock no matter what city I'm in. I've had a 50/50 experience with service, with one gentleman who graciously accommodated my super picky salad order without making rude faces at me. Mostly, I feel their staff is given too many tables so they're spread pretty thin not by their own fault. 
Awesome fries, great pomegranate martini. My friend had the ribs, which he LOVED. Pretty popping music and interesting musical decor if you can't make convo with your dining partner. 
Tourist-y, yes, but I live around the corner and still enjoy it!Cutting to the chase - Philadelphia has phenomenal food. There were business reasons why I ended up at Hard Rock Cafe and it isn't at Philly standards. Of course, on a hot summer early evening, sitting curbside, sipping beer, watching escorts and beggars walk by is great. Beer? Sam Adams is the best they could do. Not bad. Just like Boston. Except that the delivery of a pint doesn't take 15 minutes in Boston. Food? Ribs were bearable but certainly not fall-of-the-bones deliciousness. Service? Our waitress was nice so we blamed the slow operation on hidden portion of the staff.Auf unserer Rundreise hat es uns auch nach Philli verschlagen. Da war der Besuch im HRC natürlich ein muss!! Das Café ist wirklich einfach zu finden. Die riesige drehende Gitarre ist nicht zu übersehen. Die Ausstattung des Cafés ist beeindruckend. Es ist wirklich sehenswert. Leider hat das Servicpersonal hier einiges kaputt gemacht. Die Bedinung am Tiach war nur mäßig freundlich und Aufmerksam . Und warten mussten wir trotz halbleeren Cafés recht lange. Das Essen was dann kam war dann aber okay. Nur den Sonderwunsch meiner Tochter haben sie nicht berücksichtigt. Leider war die Verkäuferin im Rock Shop noch patziger. In ALLEN HRC war es mit bisher gestattet auf WC ( Restrooms) das Shirt überzuprobieren, wenn ich mir nicht sicher war. Hier leider nicht. Sie sagte nur sehr patzig, das hier ja auch ein Spiegel hängt und ich das TShirt über mein jetziges anziehen kann. Was aber nicht wirklich ging, weil ich ein schlabbershirt anhatte und ein Figurbetontes Ladyshirt kaufen wollt. Gar nicht nett von ihr. Leider kostet der Service dem HRC zwei Sterne. Eigentlich eher Drei aber das Essen und die Einrichtung waren soweit ja gut das dass unfair wäre finde ich.Sodium content of all the dishes is through the roof! I think it took me 2 days to flush all the salt out! Tasty, but not sure it was totally worth it. Fun place to eat.Does it really require the entire staff to seat the party of 8 ahead of us? Apparently yes. Waited to be acknowledged but everyone was in full tizzy. This was 2:00 in the afternoon in a relatively empty restaurantDecorum and the gift shop was nice!  Plenty of products to choose from. Food was decent. An appetizer, two entrees and two drink ran us about ~$90.as with the other reviews, the food is a bit over priced. I came here with my family after preaching in Philly two weeks ago. My wife ordered shrimp, my 6 year old ordered chicken fingers, my teen daughter ordered a burger and I ordered the chopped chicken sandwhich... the food was ok... nothing to write home about... $96 for a lunch bill after the tip...Honestly, this place has gone down hill which makes me so so sad.  The service use to be fantastic, the food even better, but having stopped in during Wizard World at the Convention Center for a late lunch, I couldn't help but feel overly rushed (there was no crowd!) and stuck with a waitress who had no idea what she was doing.
We ended up sending back our burgers twice for being undercooked (well done means no pink...this stuff was bleeding!) and then I finally ended up not eating anyway since I was grossed out and the place was taking so so long to fix our meal.
Best yet?  We still had to pay for it even though we sent the food back!
Will not be returning.I am writing because we almost did not go.... after reading all the negative reviews. So glad we did!  The food was tasty, the wait staff was super-personable and the service was fast. High marks from two weary convention goers.... kudos to our servers Sara and trainee Christine!  You guys deserve raises, special parking privileges or something!!I was stuck downtown on my day off and wanted a burger. I went to the nearby Chili's and the line was out the door so I decided to walk down to HRC for lunch by myself.
I had a side Caesar ($4.00), a Coke ($3.60) and a Legend Burger ($14.95). After leaving a tip my bill was $30.00 bucks. Sorry that's a little steep for a burger, side salad and a Coke. Everything was fine, service, food etc., but this is a tourist trap. If I was in NY I would expect to spend that much but the HRC isn't anything that fancy or unique.Drove an hour to eat here and get my HR pin and check it off my list.  By far the smallest HR I've visited and also the deadest (it was a Tuesday night though).  Ordered a beer, wings and bruschetta.  bruschetta was really good, wings were OK (the smoking adds nice flavor but dries out that small of a piece of chicken).  Music wasn't very loud and didn't give me much of that rock feel.  No good places to park in the area as well, cost me $20 to park 2 blocks over for 1hr.Worst service EVER!!!  I am a patient person but after being ignored for almost half an hour while the staff chit chatted amongst themselves, I walked out!I've ended up here a few times due to circumstances beyond my control and don't plan on coming back anytime soon. I find the wait staff to be rude and the food is definitely all microwaved. I see no reason to come back.Sadly, the food was not great & the drinks were overpriced, but that's just the nature of the beast....
On the good side, when I realized that they overcharged me on my bill, they went right to work trying to figure out what happened and trying to fix it.  I didn't realize until a week had gone by and I called around 10pm and still got great service from their operations guy, Todd.
I would go back as a result... odd, but true...We dined at this HRC during the world meeting of families and we got super lucky when we arrived for dinner as we got the last open table before the mad rush took over! 
As we had been snacking a all day my wife and I shared the bruschetta app with goat cheese, fresh garlic, Roma tomatoes and shaved parm on bread. The bread should have been toasted at least because all the toppings just made it a little soggy. The flavor was good but maybe a little string on the goat cheese as that was a dominating flavor. We also shared the arugula salad, which has feta, dried cranberries, walnuts, shaved chicken and orange wedges with a lemon vinaigrette. This was a nice salad maybe a little strong on the dressing but all the flavor a were good and the portion was strong for 12$. We really wanted the chocolate cake but they were out. This would normally bug me however, knowing that the world meeting shut the city down to any vehicle, making sure there was enough fresh food on hand would be tough for the kitchen manager. An unenviable position for sure!
We just had iced tea so can't compliment the bartenders here but we will another time. 
Our waitress was friendly and efficient and always smiled when she was with us so that was good. The greeters were equally friendly and ready to help when we asked for restrooms and when we left. Nice staff all around. 
I've been in over 20 HRC through the years and I wish this one had more memorabilia. Maybe a little niggle but thats their thing!My boyfriend and I decided to come here despite seeing it had 2.5 stars. The service was excellent however the food was EXTREMELY salty. I ordered the twisted Mac & Cheese and every bite I took was followed by a sip of my drink to wash it down. My boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich. He enjoyed it but the food here is not worth the price.I would say that there is a reason it is only rated a 2 1/2 star on Yelp. Food was average, nothing special. Service was good with a friendly waiter.I came here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar to have a couple beers.  We had a local brew, Yards IPA.  It was very good.  I also had Hard Rock's Original Legendary Burger which was cooked a perfect medium.  Delicious.  Our bartenders/servers were friendly and attentive providing excellent service.  Bonus:  We took home some some souvenir Philadelphia Hard Rock Cafe Pint Plus glasses.Okay, we have all been to Hard Rock, right?  The place is a museum of rock music with guitars and clothing from all your favorites adorning the walls. Many years ago, the wife and I used to be sure that we hit the local Hard Rock in whatever city we were in because we wanted to sightsee the artifacts. But... The food was never all that. I mean, if you wanted an overpriced and dry chicken sandwich, this was the place to go. As the lustre of the guitars started to fade and our interest in good food rose, we found ourselves no longer going to Hard Rock.  All of that changed yesterday. 
Hopefully the folks at Hard Rock corporate never catch on to what is happening at the Philly Hard Rock because what comes out of their kitchen can't possibly be from the same chain I described above. First, we ordered buffalo wings. What we got were probably some of the best wings I've had in ages. The size of the wings were generous, and the meat was literally falling off the bone. That's southern for "hell yes." The sauce was divine and the wife and I were almost fighting over the last wing. Then came the entrees.  She had a burger and I got risky with a chicken sandwich. You know what?  Delicious. Sizeable portions and cooked quite perfectly. 
A final note about the service. When we first entered the restaurant, it took a moment or two for the staff to notice we were there, but once they did it was showtime.  The gentleman seated us with great flourish and before we knew it, our waitress Christina was there for us. She was polite, engaging, and most of all helpful throughout our entire dining experience. 
Thank you Philly Hard Rock.  If you're any indication of what the rest of the chain is doing, we will be putting you back in our rotation again.The setting was pretty cool and the fries were pretty good. The burger was ok, nothing special and the bun could have been bigger.The service and hostess were great. The food was not. Had the beef brisket sandwich and was disappointed. The bread was half burnt and the beef brisket was full of chunks of fat. Would not order that again.
My partner in crime had the shrimp platter and thought it was good, it was a bit salty but in par for the price.Came here twice and to be honest, this Hard Rock location is a bit below the overall quality of other hard rock cake I been to, I visited the New York, Honolulu and the Hollywood one. During my first visit, I tried the appetizer sampler and the fried chicken tender was over cooked, as well as other dishes. But, the steak is okey and quite similar to what I get from other Hard Rock Cafe. My second visit is to celebrate my birthday there and you can get the second entree free during your birthday month. Overall, I pretty like the cowboy steak there and the strawberry basil lemonade is a must try for your drink. I love it!Excellent service, food, mojitos are great too. This was our first time here and we really enjoyed all.Overpriced drinks, we sat in the outdoor cafe and asked the waitress when happy hour started, she replied 5:00.  It was 4:45, but check this out, you had to sit inside to get it.  So it matters where you sit ??!  So we left ......I was pleasantly surprised at the prices. Seems like other Hard Rock cafes i've been too are a bit more expensive. This one seemed to be cheaper. The bruschetta is banging! I had a chicken sandwich and it was really boring and plain... not a fan. I waited a pretty long time for a drink and then a refill...and my check.This cafe does not appear to be very concerned about whether or not it has return customers.  I went in at 3:30 on a Tuesday.  When I came I told the hostess that I just wanted to sit in the bar area.  I was told to have a seat anywhere at the top of the ramp.  I picked a table and proceeded to wait for 20 minutes as wait staff walked by and never said a word.  I finally went back to the hostess to see if there was a problem getting served.  It was then that I was told that I was sitting in an area that didn't have anyone assigned to it and if I wants to be served I needed to move to the bar and he would let them know that I was a customer.  I moved.....directly out the front door.No no no no. I mean you can't expect too much at a Hard Rock but this was absolutely ridiculous. From the drinks to just food it was that. Just very plain good. Not a whole lot goes into this place. I can blame a waitress but kitchen and bar seemed to be very slow. 
Just wouldn't waste my time here or any other hard rock for that matter.The fries were amazing but everything else was ok.The gluten free menu was outdated.Also the chocolate shake was way to chocolatey.I have to agree with Matthew S.'s comments...it's a total tourist with the run down of "stuff" you can purchase without mentioning that your take-home, hard rock branded glass is an additional cost to your overpriced drink.  As for the food, it's okay, personally I prefer their spring rolls after trying a few other items.One of the smallest Hard Rock's I've ever been to. Staff was very friendly and service was quick. Loved the pulled pork sandwich!  Within an easy walk of the convention center.Very nice location with friendly staff..... Food was good.... Was staying at the loews so that was convenient to walk thereAfter our race, my friend and I needed some food and we stopped in at Hard Rock.  Not normally a place I'd choose when visiting a city, but hey.  It was there and we were hungry.  The wait wasn't too bad, considering everyone who ran the Rock 'n Roll that day seemed to be eating there (and at every other restaurant in the area).  It took our waiter a fairly long time to even bring us water, but all I wanted was a seat.  I wasn't too picky.  As for the food, it was fine.  The onion rings I craved were not so hot, so that was a bit of a disappointment.  Good bbq, good twisted mac 'n cheese.  This is a fun "touristy" place to go if you're in the area, but I wouldn't go out of the way.I went out to lunch with a group of coworkers, who decided last minute to go to Hard Rock. I had misgivings, but I decided to give it a chance. The first thing you see walking in is the gift shop, the host made sure we saw it. We quickly discovered that up-selling is an important part of the dining experience at Hard Rock. The waiter picked up where the host left off with a run-down of how we can make their over priced menu items pricier. Why order a beer for $6 when you can keep the glass for just twice as much. Why just get fries with your meal when you can "upgrade" to cheese fries or onion rings. They must pressure their people to really push this stuff, because our waiter barreled through his sales pitch for each order despite everyone's lack of interest. 
Long after our order, we got our food. It wasn't awful, just really salty, but the menu gives you fair warning about the sodium and the calories of all their "food". Only a few items on the menu are under 1000 calories and everything is excessively salty. For hours later my coworkers and I complained of indigestion. 
And on a side note, for a place that celebrates rock music, there was nothing on the walls of old rock junk that even acknowledged punk rock. What a joke."Tourist trap."
I went with a friend on the spur of the moment a few weeks ago.  We thought we'd drop in to see a mutual acquaintance who worked there.  Bad idea.  It was a Saturday night and there was a junior-high-aged cheerleading competition of some kind in town:  the Hard Rock was jammed with pony-tails, glitter, and terrycloth shorts with "CHEER" emblazoned across the ass.
People who couldn't get a table just took their party of fourteen into the bar and took over every table while their kids ran back and forth.  After enduring it for about 30 minutes I tried to stab myself to death with a butter knife but was stopped by a hefty real estate agent from Minneapolis who was in town with her nieces.
If the staff had done something -- anything -- to maintain order (like keeping the little treasures out of the bar area) it would have been ok, but this was an "N-I-G-H-T-M-A-R-E . . . nightmare! Go! Go! Go!"The food tastes like bar food. So do not have high expectations when coming to this place. I like how the seating area is super large! We were able to skip the crowded and loud main seating area (the room seen when you first walk in), and go to an area that was more vacant in the back. The service was good and the food is reasonably priced.I sat down and the bartender took my order within three minutes.  I could  not ask for better service.  The atmosphere was very nostalgia of all musicians.  It was my first time here but I would come back again.It's officially BS!!! 20$$ for beef fajitas and shrimp which consists of 4 shrimps and maybe 4 oz of fajita meat. Don't waste your time and $. Go eat ANYWHERE else!!I had ordered the fiesta burger and none of the toppings were to be found when I received it. The burgers are extremely over seasoned and super salty. It was so overbearing I couldn't take a fourth bite. The Ben & Jerry's milkshakes and fries were great though. The Philadelphia Hard Rock Cafe is probably one of the worst around.The struggle is real at the Hard Rock Cafe if you are calorie conscience. The healthy options are limited to start and the calorie counts on the menu only make the awareness worse. I seriously looked at the menu many times before and during my visit trying to find something "acceptable."
It's funny how much I loved this place as a Philly tourist in high school, yet kinda dreaded coming here to use a gift card that expired at the end of the month. (Pro-tip: read the fine print on your card-mine was actually a promotional card and alcohol was excluded oops).
My husband and I sat at the bar deciding to stretch our dollar out at happy hour. Most appetizers were half off and there were varying price levels of drinks. We opted for the $4 "crafts." The craft selection was pretty much limited to Yards.
To eat, we split a few rounds of chicken tenders. They weren't your traditional, boring breaded fingers. They had a crushed red pepper, panko crust and were really tasty. We opted to dip them in the "heavy metal" (ha ha ha) hot sauce. Obviously not healthy, but I was happy with our choice. Since we didn't realize alcohol wasn't included on our promotional card until the end, we got the honey smoked BBQ platter to go. It includes ribs, a chicken breast and pulled pork with fries, beans and slaw. It did the trick to fill us up, but wasn't anything stellar. 
So the shining point of our experience was the service. Several bartenders helped us throughout our visit and everyone was very attentive and friendly. Sitting at the bar, we got to observe how they interacted with each other and the other staff. There was an obvious respect and chemistry as colleagues. 
Not going to lie, I had fun. As touristy and cheesy as this place is, they played rock music that was fun to listen to. To be honest, I can't see myself returning as there are so many non-chains with healthy options/better beer, but this visit to the Hard Rock Cafe exceeded my expectations.It sure is touristy, but the menu is diverse with a wide selection. Service is great, staff is obviously well trained.
Best: there desert menu is a physical tray brought out to show you everything they have. It's quite a display! 
Worst: ratatouille was bland. But this isn't exactly a french bistro.
I got the turkey burger and boyfriend got the legendary burger, both delicious :)Stop in before our big bus tour. Th best part about this place was our server Jacob. My husband burger was dry and my veggies for my tacos weren't grilled. I try and stay away from chain restaurant for these reason. Mass products and low quality.Drinks weren't made right, the servers don't really care blah food.... Wish I would of read the reviews before we wasted our evening .Meh.   Adequate.   We went just to show the kids the memorabilia.   We ended up splitting a club sandwich (which was huge but just OK).   
Luckily for them, they're close to many hotels within walking distance.The reason for the four stars is the fact this HRC was open until eleven on a night when there was a Phillies game. We walked in at 10:45 and the waitress was more than pleasant. The food was decent. If you travel to a major city like Philly and you go to a HRC expecting a great dinning experience, give yourself a two-star rating. If you're stuck in Philly and this is where you end up, you will have a decent meal.When I was a kid, my older cousins wanted to go to the Hard Rock Cafe, but my parents wouldn't let me. I think my first HR experience was the new HR Memphis, back when it first opened in 1997. Eh. I have a theory: people born between 1972 - 1978 LOVE the Hard Rock Cafe. 
I work with someone in that age range, and she always suggest we meet for a pre-meeting lunch at the Hard Rock before our meetings downtown. I groan and make a worthless promise to myself that I'll be gutsy enough to suggest a different place next time. 
I always order the only vegetarian thing on the menu: the Veggie Leggie. Aside from the awkwardness in saying the name, it's a monster of a burger, topped with roasted vegetables doused in oil. The burger itself is unremarkable. But what really gets me is the calorie and sodium count on every menu item -- it's all absolutely outrageous, but there's no healthy alternative. 
So, I smile politely, eat my burger, leave my bun, drink four extra glasses of water for all the salt, and dread the next business lunch.Attended the Flower Show yesterday. Reading Market was packed so we decided to go to HRC. 40 minute wait. Host took my phone #, gave us five minutes to get there after we rvcd a a text when table was ready; which was awesome! We were able to enjoy the Wine and Spirits tasting on the 2nd floor while we waited. Server was awesome and so was the atmosphere. Texan pulled pork sandwich was tasty; however, way too salty!! Which was from the fried onions i beleive.At the time I visited here the place was under a huge reconstruction.  So only a small section was open. I'm sure when its finally done it will be awesome.Company was outstanding. Service was super sweet. The menu is limited to burger, chicken and steak. My burger was poorly seasoned. The drinks were good!Any time there's a HRC nearby, I have to stop by an get a shirt.  I've been a fan since I was a kid.  But if it's out of the way, like their location in Puerto Vallarta, forget it.  This one was conveniently located for me, right in the heart of the city, and absurdly close to where we were staying at The Ritz-Carlton.  They're part of the Reading Terminal Market building but not within the market itself, and is close to the city's main attractions like the Mint, Independence Hall, and the Liberty Bell Center.
ATMOSPHERE:
The restaurant almost blends right in with the historic building, sans for the humongous, bold guitar above the front entry.  I only ventured into the Rock Shop which was tiny like how most of them are.  Selection was good and everything organized.
ROCK SHOP:
I always try to purchase a uniquely-designed t-shirt, something other than the original logo on a white shirt, which is my last resort.  At the time, they had a solid gray color with a dark gray distressed/puffy original logo, and city name, so I snatched it right up.  Prices are of course high just for a t-shirt at $25.  The only negative about this t-shirt is that it comes out wrinkled from the dryer, even with wrinkle guard on.  But, it is super soft so that's a plus.
RESTAURANT:
Sorry, but my traveling rule prohibits me from eating at a place that's available in my hometown lol.  The only exception was when we were in London as I HAD to eat at the original locale!  I did have some chicken marsala there that was pretty delish.
OVERALL:
Just another HRC, but in a very historic city.I'm giving this 5 stars for service.  I'll be honest, I didn't didn't eat.  Brandon, the bartender was awesome.  Friendly, attentive... excellent.  I'll come back just tell see him!  And the music.I usually don't write bad reviews even if the restaurant was bad. But, this Hard Rock Café is worst than bad. This will be our first and last time to any Hard Rock Cafe. Here's my rating: Drinks: negative (-) 5 stars, Food: negative (-) 2 stars, Manager Response to Our Problems: negative (-) 4 stars, Waiter Service: positive (+) 4 stars. Overall: negative (-) 7 stars. Too bad Yelp will only allow me to put 1 star as the lowest rating instead of the actual negative rating I would give. 
We're on vacation in Philly. We went to Hard Rock Café for dinner on our last night during the past Saturday. We got our table around 9:30pm for a party of 5...waited 45 minutes for it. During the wait there were tables available but were not cleaned up fast enough. Seems like they were either short staffed or weren't prepared for the busy Saturday. We ordered four frozen margarita and they all tasted like salt water without liquor in them. We told our waiter, Stewart, about the salty water drinks. Stewart is actually very nice and good. He told his manager, Sal. They didn't charge us for the undrinkable, salty, frozen margarita and recommended the frozen berry banana to us. These drinks taste like smoothies...has no liquor taste in them. And, they charged us $36 for 4 drinks that taste like smoothies. We mentioned that to the manager, Sal. He said it's all about the "measure and pour", and we should not taste the liquor in a frozen alcoholic drink. He treated us like we never had an alcoholic drinks before. I had went to bartending school and we all had frozen alcoholic drinks before, so we know how our drinks should taste like. We would've walked out that restaurant if we weren't so tired and hungry. Then, our food came and they taste so bland. The nachos were the worst nachos we ever had. It looked and tasted like leftover, overnight nachos. I would not recommend this restaurant to any one even if you don't have any standards for food and drinks.Poor service. Ok food. Avoid going her around 3pm. They are really between lunch and dinner services. Better just to close between 3-5pm.Came here w my kids class trip. All the food was prepared ahead of time and the burgers were HORRIBLE. The Ceasar salad was blah. The fries were the best part. I was limited Bc like usual they didn't offer any accommodations for us weirdo vegetarians. So I had to get a salad minus the chicken. Lacked flavor. The waiter was good though. The kids at my table couldn't eat their burnt bIn town for a concert and decided to go here for dinner on our last night. Being from Cleveland we thought we couldn't go wrong with going here. A BIG MISTAKE. When we got there we thought it was weird it wasn't packed for it being 7 on a Saturday. Got seated waited for 15 minutes to be acknowledged by our waitress. The food was alright. Saw our waitress twice through our whole stay once to take our order and the last to give us our checks. She didn't ask how we wanted the checks assumed we wanted them all separately. When she came back she gave us attitude and said she couldn't fix it and she couldn't do two separate transactions and said "we were cute" for trying to see if she could fix it. We were so fed up we said it was fine. When we were leaving we were thinking about getting something from the gift shop until we could hear our waitress talking to a table about us saying we were wrong and that we should have chased her down to tell her, the table said " don't worry we won't ask for our checks to be separated" and she busted up laughing. Ruined my whole groups mood. Never will go here again unless it's in Cleveland. Would have rather gone to the Chilis near by. No wonder it has less than three stars.The food was good, the service was excellent...but I think the prices are way overpriced for the type of food you get! I understand it's all about the atmosphere but over $20 for a burger, fries, and a soda is pretty ridiculous! (The soda alone was $3.50!!!!)Food was good, but atmosphere very noisy. I guess it's expected from a place like this, but the noise is really all around.The drinks were good. Nothing over the top but okay. Menu looked very delicious and seemed to be slightly above average on price. Once received presentation was good but seemed quality was very low for the money. I was expecting a much better experience. I guess I can say I was there but there is not a whole lot making me go back.This place actually deserves 2 stars, but our waitress pushed it up to 3. She was great ! Her name was Lauren and she had the art of being attentive but not annoying ! Food was awful, I know- what do I expect- but this was really a disappointment .We both got burgers- messy, greasy and just gross. EXPENSIVE for what you got. No more for me !I went to Hard Rock Cafe on a Tuesday day for a late dinner and went to sit at a booth with a couple a buddies, I was very excited because it was my first day in Philly. They greeted us very unethically but wasn't rude or mean. They asked for our order, I ordered a cheeseburger. Waited... Waited... Then while other tables with as same number of people got their food first. Then finally they gave us our food, as they were giving us our food I asked for some barbaque sause for my burger. Waited for 5 minutes, asked again, waited 5 minutes. Asked again, waited 5 minutes. Asked again, waited 3 minutes and finally gave it to us. Finally I could eat my burger and it was pretty good. The French fries came with it and it was pretty apeitizing. After that I was pretty happy. I paid for my check and I was satisfied. Then my buddies walked into the gift shop and they were not happy at all because all of my buddies walked in their at once. They wouldn't allow one of my friends to walk in with us because 'only five people were allowed'. 
Over all this restaurant had very good food, but not the best staff. Good luck next time.Great place for lunch when your touring historic Philadelphia. Good prices,  quick service.I feel like I am a bad Philadelphian for actually kind of liking this place. But ya know what? Deep down inside I am a typical middle class American who likes crazy caloric burgers and fake cheese nachos. (Okay, maybe not so deep down inside.) 
Stopped by here tonight because it was three degrees outside and I can get here in like two minute fast walk. Haven't been here since post renovations, and the place looks pretty nice. Although, I do think that it's kind of weird there are two completely separate rooms that aren't even attached to each other. We sat in the smaller "Philadelphia Room," which was nice although a little drafty. 
The menu is large with a calorie count to match. Don't even try being healthy here, and definitely don't look at the sodium count. Anyways, the food was delivered fast and hot and hit the spot. My fellow diners recommended the spring rolls, and the burgers. 
Service was friendly and accommodating.
Drinks are sweet and yummy although probs overpriced for the actual amount of liquor you get.3 out of 5 burgers were well over done. Really dry and very little toppings. They even forget onions on one and a piece of lettuce that was so tiny! Complained to the sever and he said he and the manager can't help at all. So $15 for a dry up crummy burgers. Will not return for sure.I think the Hard Rock is a cool concept, but for some reason it was something I could never get into. I went here this past Friday night. We were hungry, we were on Market east, and it was friggin' cold. The giant electric guitar towering above the entrance to the Philly Hard Rock cafe was a welcoming enough sight for 2 starved and very cold people. Now, the first thing most people say is how expensive this place is, I won't disagree. The food is a little overpriced for what you get, but I guess you are also paying somewhat for the quasi-rock and roll museum experience that the restaurant offers. While I was there, I didn't see anyone walking around, peering at the various tidbits of music memorabilia scattered all over the walls. I don't blame them, I have been to several Hard Rock's in my life, and never have once bothered to look at what they housed as far as memorabilia. The bartender was well-abled enough to mix my vodka tonic properly (but of course that's a really easy drink to make). As an appetizer we got nachos, nothing special there, except the high price tag. My entree was a Hawaiian marinated chicken. VERY GOOD, sweet and savory. It came with steamed broccoli that was a little rubbery and had absolutely no seasoning at all, very bland. The mashed potatoes were very thin and tasted like instant. The chicken is what saved my dish from being dissapointing. My companion ordered a strip steak, which he ordered medium, but it looked very much like medium rare when he got it (the way I prefer it, but not him). Not being picky, he ate it anyway. Our server was right on top of things despite it being busy, and even the manager stopped by our table to see how everything was going. The manager also ran out some condiments for my chicken that apparently the server forgot about (My chicken was supposed to come with diced pineapple and scallions, a fact that I was not aware of either, but happy he caught it nonetheless). 3 vodka tonics later I was feeling pretty good and not as critical as I usually am, which is probably why I didn't make such a big deal about the almost $80 bill. The Hard Rock has always reminded me of an Applebee's or TGI Friday's that thinks it's something better or more upscale, but it's really not.Just escaped from work and popped into the Philadelphia Hard Rock Cafe. Having a vanilla milkshake ($5 and it doesn't even have any rum or alcohol in it, daggum i gotta try me a $5 milkshake), their famous seasoned fries and some grilled shrimp skewers.  Good GOD! What a damn fine meal!!! Plus, my waiter Scott is a good egg to boot.Horrible Food. Overpriced. Loud music. Oh and did I say "Overpriced".Been there twice in the last few days. First time was mediocre, second time, tonight was lousy. First time a friend and I were ushered into a back room restaurant although there were seats in the main dining area. The bbq chicken sandwich was terrible. Tough chicken with little bbq sauce that had no real flavor. Tonight the receptionist was busy on the phone when I entered and finally suggested that I sit at the bar. After sitting for quite a while a waitress, loaded with dirty dishes, came by on the way to the kitchen, asking if I wanted a drink. I asked for a beer kist and got ine about 5 minutes later. I found a menu sitting around nearby and made a selection but never heard from the waitress again. I finally left, still hungry.Came here hoping to have a similar experience as the one in Dallas.... Not even close.... Rude service from the start.  If you're sitting in the Philadelphia Room your food is carried through the front half of the restaurant, past through those waiting to be seated in the Jefferson Station area then to your table.  It took 30 minutes to get three drinks from the bar.  We sat right next to the bar and watched our drinks sit for 20 of those 30 minutes.  Not only did the waiter lie the manager did as well as to why it took so long to get them.  I visit the city every month and can assure you they will never get my business again.  TERRIBLE SERVICE!Really good experience, we enjoyed the live show and the food. The service was great too which matters to me. We got their Hamburgers with fries, two Caesar Salads and a couple of drinks. Everything was yummy.
Thank you, HRC team. We can't wait to come backI found myself at the Hard Rock Cafe after most of the other options in the immediate area were closed because of a snow storm.
The hostesses were really pleasant which got things off to a good start. I'll be honest, its a theme restaurant, so I managed my expectations, however, we were all very happy with our food and beverages. They've got a decent selection of beers on tap and my wife enjoyed her cocktails. 
The food was also good and the presentation was a step above similar restaurants of its kind. My kids got a blast from all of the tv screens and colorful decorations as well as their food. Also, the coloring books and crayons were definitely a cut above other places, you reading this Chili's, Applebee's, TGI Fridays? Olive Garden, your kid freebies are still upper echelon.  Our server was great as well. It was a busy evening however, she gave us attention and made sure everything was to our liking, which I appreciated.  I was also really happy about the bathroom being as clean as it was. We've eaten at other restaurants in the area in the last couple of weeks and the Hard Rock was by far, the cleanest of them all, which is a good indicator of the overall cleanliness of the place. If you're in the area, I'd say its worth a visit.fiesta burger, 1200+ calorie pile of sh*t
shallow slick marketing
If I die and go to hell, please don't let it be Hard Rock CafeI haven't been to this location in quite a few years! Their Caesar salad dressing is definitely different from what I remember. Before in the past, it was so well-seasoned, now, it's just like a regular Caesar dressing. No longer WOWed by it. The food was good though. Burgers are HUGE! And the tower of onion rings was great! This place is so much better than the Hard Rock in Atlantic City!While in town a friend and I decided to stop in for lunch, and I was very unimpressed. Our server was nice enough, but she was very inattentive. It would have been understandable if they were busy, however, there were maybe 5 tables in the whole restaurant at the time. I ordered the Hurricane per the servers request and it was absolutely terrible. It just tasted like syrup to me. I asked for a water when I initially ordered my drink and didn't receive one until I asked for the third time. Our appetizer took a little longer than I would have wanted it to, but it wasn't anything unreasonable. That being said, it took over half an hour for us to receive our entrees, with no apologies from the staff what so ever. I was very disappointed as I've always heard great things about HRC, but this was a terrible first impression. It was also incredibly over priced for the quality of the food. I will definitely not be back.Got the Philly cheesesteak. Was ok. Not sure what was wrong because I'm a tourist and this was my first one in philly. Lol but it was just ok. . Other than that, service was good. Love the old music videos playing and such. Haha. Fun atmosphere. Nice portion of fries