Really terrific food. As others have mentioned it has simple decor and is one of the few places in the US that actually reminded me of walking into a family run restaurant in SE Asia. Food is terrific - $8 plates. Uur group tried pretty much everything - and it was all outstanding and felt home-cooked. The chicken curry, goat, and fish were particularly good. Can't go wrong here.First time in this family run place and very good impression. There are about 8 options of food that are served with white rice in a platter. You can choose 3 foods for the platter. All of the ones I got were extremely good. The ride was boring but the food was amazing. Plenty of vegetable options too. Price was about 7$ post platter which is really good value for money. Highly recommended.The Chicken Satay was really good, but nothing to scream about. It was very tender and well marinated. You can taste the flavorful seasonings in every bite. (5 stars)
The Sambal had a good kick of spiciness. I can actually taste the shrimp from the sauce. The chicken and lamb I had were ok. I can have the same taste everywhere else. Nothing special. (3 stars probably)
The place takes order like fast food restaurant (you go there, pick your foods then pay at the counter). 
I think the food is pricey. The foods were served on styrofoam plate with plastic fork and knife, so it had cheap feeling to it. A plate with 2 choices of meat with rice did cost me $10, and there were not much meat served. 
P/S: We ordered Satay with other rice dishes, and we waited forever for the Satay to come. We finished all the foods and nothing. They actually charged us and forgot to make it, so we waited for a long time. I don't know what they use for seasonings. The foods were not salty, but I felt extreme thirsty after the meal. For my personal experience, that means too much MSG. However, nothing is sure here.Stopped by this place yesterday with my hubby. The food was great. Loved it. But, they have increased their price. The veg. options are 7 dollars and the meat options are 8 dollars. But definitely worth it!Small but clean - that is the most important part of the eating experience. The woman helping us was so sweet and very helpful. I got the fried fish, eggplant, and tempeh (I have no self-control, I need to try as much stuff as possible. They load up the plate with tons of rice. These dishes are pretty much homemade and the spices you will taste are unlike anything you have ever tasted before. We tried to find out what exactly it was but she said its a secret. That's fine, I'll keep coming back for more secrets.Super authentic and fantastically tasty food. The family who run the place are extremely sweet. Great for take out or bring some beers, sit on the rolling chairs and eat off the styrofoam plates.one of my favorite pastimes is to hit as many restaurants as is possible in one evening, and last night i planned a three stop dinner expedition (the bare flourescent tube circuit), which ended in some slight disappointment. 
the night was to begin with satay, then move to fattouch salad and falafel and end with an al pastor cemita. unfortunately bitar's was closed. however, the perfectly cooked and deliciously sauced lamb and chicken satay skewers tends to take the edge off of a lot of forms of pain. 
the restaurant is the pure distillation of the concept of "the hole in wall". the space is tiny. you'll probably be watching a movie from the 80's with the other eaters as well as owners. its really an extension of their living room: going over for some home cooked food, a hug and a loud shout goodbye. its THAT warm feeling on a cold philly night.
the satay is the best in philly. better than the fully respectable indonesia restaurant, and light years better than the standard sticks at the banana leaf.
the "three item combo" plate is solid, but less exciting for me. i've also had the soto ayam which is good, but for me its all about the satay.
(in case you're interested, the last stop was to Los Taquitos de Puebla
where i wanted to try an al pastor cemita -normally i'd get a milanesa but  i wanted to test out their pastor. what i ate hardly resembled a torta let alone a cemita. the wrong bread, no panela or quesillo cheese, no peppers, no salsa roja, the appearance of pineapple and cilantro) the the al pastor was average - at least by LA standards. i guess if you want a pork sandwich and are not thinking about what a cemita is supposed to taste like, it would be fine. this also was 7 bux where it would cost 4 in LA.We came by and got a to go container.  Lots of great choices.  I got the beef rendang and the Ikan (fish).  It costs just 10 bucks and comes with rice.  The beef rendang was tender and the fish had great flavor.  
The hot sauce that you can get is absolutely amazing.  So delicious and adds so much flavor to the dish.  I wish I could have that bottled.  
There's a reason why the chefs here were nominated for a James Beard award!Just, so fucking good. So many veg options, GET THE COLLARDS NO MATTER WHAT, and meat eaters will b very happy, too. Such sweet Angels!Food is very affordable and delicious.  I have never had Indonesian cuisine before and wanted to try something different.  I was absolutely blown away.  I loved how you can add spicy red chili sauce to your plate.  It adds a nice kick.  
Try their fish curry and collard greens.  A must!  You will not be disappointed.yum! I loved it! looking for good, cheap indo foods? this is the place. one thing I'd like to comment, I might not be used to the fact the neighborhood is kind of sketchy, like I definitely won't go there when it's dark. but foods in general is very authentic. I had "daun singkong" typical indonesian veggie dish, n I had fish curry, with rice, n "bakwan goreng" deep fried stuff, "Es teler" (dessert drink), n "krupuk" (shrimp crackers), all that came total of $10!!! that's very cheap. I got out too full after I had my meal. 
so if you r up for aunthentic indo foods, this place is definitely worth to check it out! :)My First time trying out Authentic Indonesian food and I was very impressed. The Entire restaurant feels like someone's dining room, such a warm and comfortable feeling. The Family running it seem like a happy bunch, always smiling :) There was a pre-made display of various dishes ranging from Chicken Curry (They use dark meat yay), A White/Coconut like Fish Curry, Beef Rendang (Yummy) and a whole range of vegetables from Tofu & Hard Boiled Egg to Jack Fruit and Beans. They also had 3 different kinds of tempura dishes as well. It honestly would take me a couple more visits to try out all of them but I was very satisfied with what we had...I also finished up the meal with some piping hot and flavorful Indonesian Coffee Ahhh AMAZING..... It's a shame they are located far away from centre city and don't deliver either...So I just drove about 2500+mi from LA to philly and was HUNGRY. I've wanted to try the food here since my friend raved about it the last time he went to east coast. So I was very excited! It is a chinese buffet style food as well as order from the kitchen style restaurant. It's a hole in the wall type, although it's very small it is a great cozy place with AWESOME food. you might miss it if you're not paying attention on finding it. it looked like its closed from the outside and the door is hard to open but you just have to go and try the food. 
We ordered: 
-2 satay [lamb/goat] one with indonesian rice cake [lontong] and the other one with plain rice
-goat/lamb gulai [soup]
-vegetable in coconut soup [sayur singkong di santan]
-rendang [beef curry indonesian style]
-rujak cingur [salad]
the satay, was TO DIE for. I mean i did have a bit of complaint the fact that it came with the peanut sauce instead of just by itself with a side of the sweet soy sauce, but it wasn't anything major. the satay itself, the goat meat just melts in your mouth. I almost cried. it reminded me of childhood street food that i used to consume on a weekly basis. 
the vegetable in coconut soup was good as well, it was a rare plant to find. it was surprising but, a good surprise. i actually ate it the day after as well for left over. 
rendang was cooked the old way. it tasted different if you use the instant ready made paste. this rendang tasted like it was made by scratched and it just hit the right spot. my friend was amazed by the similar taste from the home country. yes, the rendang was very close to the taste you can find in indonesia :] 
the goat/lamb curry, was a bit too salty for my taste and sweet, but i'm biased so i can't really say much about it. it was salty though. 
i've never really liked rujak cingur even in the home country so i think it wouldn't be fair for me to review it since i'm much too biased. 
the food that i tasted in this place were either great or acceptable. I wished they could have opened a bigger restaurant, but i guess it  can't be help for now. the owner was so nice and helpful with any questions i had. comparing to the indonesian restaurants i've frequent in any other state, this one has to be one of the best if not on the very top of my most like list. i would definitely come back to this place when i'm in town.Very hospitable hubby and wife who run the place . Our first time trying Indonesian cuisine , really enjoyed the food . Different and flavorful . Must try place onceI would say that the food here was good and I got a lot to eat for the price, but it was not memorably great. In particular, the egg curry  had a very strong one note flavor of lime leaf that seemed to overpower everything else. Parking in the area required a bit of patience.If you're into the idea of a heaping plate of perfectly marinaded tempeh, aromatic veggies and fluffy rice, you've come to the right place... 
That is, once you understand that upon first entering, you'll think you've accidentally walked into someone's home. 
But for a really tasty, homemade, inexpensive and - in my case - vegan meal that'll keep you full for a good 10 hours, this is the place! Decor doesn't matter when you have your face planted in a good meal.I owe my introduction to Indonesian food to Anthony Bourdain. I have something of a love hate regard for Anthony Bourdain. I find it disappointing that a man with such writing skills and with the world's kitchens at his call must resort to the crass banality of network food television. His recent episode of The Layover which featured Philadelphia offers an example of such pandering to the lowest common denominator. Nonetheless, from that episode I discovered that Philadelphia has an active Indonesian community. Indonesian food was a realm completely unknown and that called for exploration. Bourdain suggested Hardena as the essential Indonesian restaurant. When I did some research I found that Hardena was something of a buffet eatery with Styrofoam containers and plastic forks. 
Hardena  Waroeng Surabya Restaurant is located at 1754 S. Hicks Street. Hicks is one of those small streets that stops and starts and is somewhat hidden. The restaurant, if you can call it a restaurant,  is housed in what was probably an old corner store grocery. When you enter you find yourself in the simplest of surroundings. Before you is a tiny side counter where this afternoon, two very old folks shared a visually enticing lunch of unknown contents. To your right side are a few sets of narrow tables. Each table is dressed with plastic table covers. Oddly Victorian red plush chairs on rollers sit uncomfortably at the side. Baskets of plastic utensils and paper napkins decorate with function. The art work on the walls might be termed "simplistic indigenous." 
The heart of the restaurant is at the back of the room to the left side. A hot table offers some ten or more steaming trays of Indonesian home cooking. At the adjacent counter to the right sits the father of the establishment.  Hardens seems to be a family affair. The father calls out. A young woman, (his daughter?) steps up behind the hot table. She takes the orders and is most helpful in describing the recipes. Behind the young woman a tiny woman at the stove, a woman I assume to be the mother, prepares the constantly changing recipes. Hardena has no fixed menu. You can order in two ways. You can order rice and three dishes for about $8.00 or you can order specific dishes, also served with rice, at about $7.oo each. Hardena has no flatware or silverware. You eat from plastic. The service, however, is congenial and helpful. The daughter helps you with your selection, the mother asks how you enjoyed the soup and the father brings the bowls to your table. At Hardena you have the sense of participating in a family meal. 
Before I talk about the food I have to say that I don't know the Indonesian name of any of the dishes we ordered. I think not having a menu, is Hardena's only drawback. A menu is a guide that allows the mind to organize what the mouth savors. A menu is comforting because it allows the diner to give order and a name to the dining experience.  
We started with a soup. I think it may be called Soto Ayam.  We had to wait for it, because the wonderful woman at the stove had to make it for us. The soup offered a very different experience that included hardboiled egg, tomato, shredded cabbage and noodles. Two bowls were more than enough for five of us. We even took some home. After our soup, the father of the house brought us a bowl of fish and a bowl of chicken, with a side of hot pepper sauce. The delicate fish was served in a kind of salty sauce of what I think was coconut milk. The chicken pieces were fried in a sweet and peppery dark sugar finish. You eat the chicken with your fingers. 
After our first courses I returned to the counter for our second round. This time, with the help of the young lady, I selected lamb stew, beef stew and jackfruit. The lamb stew, clean and light offered tender melt in your mouth cubes of meat. The beef, finished in dark sweet and savory gravy contrasted the lamb's blond broth. The jackfruit was the surprise of the day. While I have seen jackfruit in Asian grocery stores I have never eaten it. Jackfruit, in this preparation, has the quality and texture of pulled pork, an absolutely delightful dish.
Hardena greets you with a smiling and family embracing introduction to Indonesian food. Unlike many other Asian restaurants where the food tends to have certain sameness, due perhaps to corn starch and MSG, each recipe at Hardena is distinct. The sauces are clean and rich with various layers of texture and flavor. And with its daily changing menu each experience is new. You don't go to Hardena for an elegant ambiance. You go for the food.Homey feeling and comfortable and cozy environment! Extremely helpful staffs that took the time to explain the menu/what they were serving that day (since it was my first time here!) Got the beef rendang and egg/tofu over rice! It was so so good and still thinking about how flavorful and delicious it was!This place is perfect for a cheap, good, fast lunch. I had never eaten Indonesian food and had no idea what any of my options were. The ladies behind the counter were great and explained everything to me. I chose beef rendang, collard greens, and egg and tofu. It was excellent. The beef must have been slow cooked forever because it was so tender and juicy, hmmm, the collard greens were in a buttery type sauce and made the rice beneath them oh so good. The hard boiled egg was a hard boiled egg with a little bit of spice; I had a hankering for a hard boiled egg that day. 
There isn't much else I can add that hasn't already been said. The ladies who work there are so helpful and nice and their food is great. If you're ever in this area definitely go check it out.Million dollars question: Where is the fish? They were really stingy on meat today, pleanty of rice and veggies.Maybe because I got the food from the older gentleman, not the girls who ussualy work there. Not worth $10.I can only echo the praises for this place.  Yesterday's trip to Hardena was my first time eating Indonesian food and it set a pretty high standard, if I'm to ever eat it anywhere else.
Just to be clear: the current prices are $7 for a plate of three dishes with rice if at least one of them is vegetarian, and $8 if they're all meat.  The veggies looked good but I went with the meat--fish in yellow curry, "spicy fish" and a lamb stew.  Who knew that lamb was part of cuisine in that part of the world?  One must be careful with the fish and especially the lamb, as they contain a fair amount of bones, but the flavors of everything were terrific.
If you are unapologetically gluttonous like me you will be delighted to find that if you order additional items beyond this $8 plate the food gets EVEN CHEAPER.  So after my first plate I went and got more lamb stew and more spicy fish, with more rice, and this only cost $4.  In total dinner for two (with one of us--me--eating nearly double the normal amount) was $20.  We left a $2 tip which is plenty considering that you go up and order at the counter and they just spoon the already-made food onto your plate.  Diners throw away their own plates and there are little signs on the wall asking you to please clean up after yourself.  The ladies behind the counter were all really nice and the whole place has a friendly family vibe.  The kitchen is in the main area as well and you can see the food being cooked.
I guess the place is a "hole in the wall" but it actually looked fairly charming inside and didn't match the mental image I got from reading other reviews.  The place is also very small--smaller than I'd expected.  If this place is indeed getting a lot of press I'm surprised it wasn't more crowded.Don't go here if you're all about a fancy and refined atmosphere. At best, it's a fellowship dinner in a church basement, BUT the food is sublime. We had the beef, fritter, tempeh, collards, vegetables, chicken, and lamb. Out of those we highly recommend the collards and beef. However, everything is perfectly cooked and delicious. Go here.Disclaimer: This review is super duper late. Took place in fall 2010.
For $70 or $80, I bought a truckload of items, which, in actuality, amounted to  about a half dozen PINTS and *HALF* pints of plastic containers' worth. We had rice ready at home and were hungry. We knew this wouldn't satisfy our bellies, but we held out the hope it would fare well in terms of quality.
My entire family was disappointed. We love fast, fatty, greasy and deep-fried foods as much as the next family, but this was too much of all of the bad stuff without the flavor and reward. Salty and greasy: that was the consensus.
The only remotely redeeming dish was the beef rending. But it's been 4 years, and I haven't returned for it.  And I doubt I will.
The family was super nice though. Totally check it out still because it seems like it floats a lot of people's boats.GREAT FOOD. do not be deterred by the sketchy dodgy location, minuscule and tight seating, and the use of disposable cutlery, hardena has AMAZING FOOD.
i've tried almost everything on the menu and can safely say that everything deserves at least a 3.5/5 stars. some of the highlights are the beef rendang, egg and tofu curry and the fish curry. the chicken satay and chendol are pretty swag too.
the only thing about the food that troubles me is that i can never decide what to order because honestly, everything is pretty darn awesome. always worth traveling to south philly for. 
two very enthusiastic thumbs ups!!I finally took the 45 second walk around the corner and tried this place out. For the longest time, I didnt even know this place existed. But thanks to yelp's search engine I was able to find a place that served curry (which is what I was craving). It's a very small establishment and it reminded me of the street vendors in the Philippines that cook heaps of different foods and keep them under warmers all day. As soon as you walk in, a friendly girl asks if you've ever been there before and explains all the food selections and prices. Unfortunately they did not have the curry today but I tried the fish in coconut yellow sauce and the beef dish. Both very very delicious but I thought the beef was my favorite. Flavorful and tender. Will def be back and hopefully they'll have the curry chicken!I have taken several friends here and it's my favorite place in South Philly that doesn't serve beer. (Love you, SPTR!) For $6.00 you can get nearly anything, and it is all so good. My friend doesn't eat veggies or soy, so she got a full plate of meat, and it was only a dollar extra. She LOVED the fried chicken, and I'm always a fan of the greens. Definitely the place to go when you are looking for something new and fun!What else can I say about this place, all the other reviews here pretty much say it all. This is truly a great place for authentic Indonesian food. I've been living in south philly for over three years and have heard great things about this place from many different sources yet never actually gotten to check this place out until two weeks ago. I was horrified to discover what I've been missing. Add to my shame the fact that I'm fully Indonesian.
The restaurant (well, "restaurant") resembles a typical Indonesian 'waroeng' (read: a modest eatery) commonly found in Indonesia. The options that are being served everyday are very much Identical to those being served at most 'waroeng's you'd encounter if you take a trip around any of Indonesia's major cities. The classic beef rendang, chicken curry, gorengan (fried stuff e.g. bakwan &t tempe), tofu, and sambal (hot sauce), and other delicious menus are served here in hardena. 
But I don't want to emphasize more on how fantastic the quality of Kak Ena's food is or the great price that comes along with it. By reading the reviews below I'm sure you'd get a clear picture of how great of a place hardena really is. To myself and many other Indonesians who reside here in Philadelphia, hardena deserves the honor of being named as one of our cures for homesickness. The ambiance of the place might not be what most Americans would characterize as perfect for purposes such as dining, but it is for us. What you'd see, feel, and taste inside hardena is what you'd see, feel, and taste inside most 'waroeng's in Indonesia. The way the tables and chairs are set up, the orchids, the traditional wooden statues, the cafeteria style, and above all the greatness of the food. I'm home.
There are 'downs', of course, as with the case of any other restaurant. Be prepared if you're planning to come on weekends because the place is most likely to be packed with natives. I myself enjoy the community, but I believe most non-Indonesians would not because of many reasons (the noisiness and feeling of alienation being just two of them), so heads up. But still, this is far from enough to make me take off a star from my ratings for hardena.
If you start coming on a regular basis, though,  you'd notice that this place is a favorite to not only Indonesians but some Americans as well. I've seen a couple of familiar faces. I really am proud and appreciative especially after reading the wonderful reviews written by non-Indonesians about hardena here on yelp!. Most local Philadelphians would most likely have somewhat of an indifferent attitude  if I say something like "I love philly cheesesteak" and I just wish that there was a way to let others know how exactly I feel when a non-Indonesian says "I love hardena's beef rendang". 
So what are you waiting for? Indonesian or non-Indonesian, if you're up for some bold and delicious flavors of hardena accompanied with great service and unbelievably low price, this place is open till 8 o'clock all days except Tuesdays. Go there asap!!!Homestyle meals served in a little room with plastic table cloths and plastic cutlery, and the most amazing amazing flavors!!Eating the beef (don't know the proper name) here is like the first time I had red curry or pho, chicken fried steak, bahn mi, bulgogi.... it's that foodgasm where all things delicious unite to create the perfect merger of ingredients. The taste was like a creamy floral beefy experience. In addition to this, every other flavor of dishes I had were so unique, definitely giving a voice to indo food that is far different from the popular thai and vietnamese dishes that reign here. 
Service was great, they explained all the dishes before we chose 3 piping hot sides each to add to our $6 styrofoam plate of rice.Hardena's definitely does not feel like a restaurant. Instead it feels like a home made meal made by your Indonesian friend's mom at her house. Don't get thrown away by the restaurant's shabby exterior or the dim lighting or the small/ethnic interior. The food speaks for itself. Food is served a la carte style on paper plate with a generous amount of hot steamy white rice. For $8, you got white rice and two sides, additional sides is extra $2 / $3 depending on the side. You can paid before or after you eat. Take out boxes are also available. 
The popular collard greens and beef rendang did not disappoint. I also tried the curry fish, tofu and egg. It was so good! They spoon the curry sauce on the rice and I could eat that and be happy. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of the sides and you'll leave full!
I went on a hot summer day, and I can just imagine the warm food tasting even better on a cold wintery day. Only complaints are that I wish the sides are labeled and the place is little closer towards center city.Soo good. The jackfruit is delicious, with a surprisingly meaty texture and a very rich flavorful sauce. You can't go wrong with the egg & tofu curry either.My goodness the food was so delicious! This hole in the wall is welcoming and feels like you stepped into an authentic kitchen in Indonesia. Decor is bare minimum, but all that matters is the fresh, perfectly spiced food. We had the egg tofu curry, beef rendang (tender, flavorful), collard greens (spicy, great texture), and chicken satay. ALL HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.wow
I'm not indonesian, but my boyfriend is.  He says this place is the most legit indo food he's had in America.
I never tried indo food besides gado gado before coming to this place, but damn! Sooo good. seriously.  
The place looks like a dump, but don't be dissuaded, it will prove it's worth.  There is no effort to make anything look appetising, but it doesn't matter in the end really.  
Go try it for yourself.I'm so glad that I tried this restaurant! It is wonderful for both meat eaters and vegetarians. 
We went here yesterday after hearing all of the excellent reviews on Yelp and were happy that we did. 
Cute ambiance and excellent food for $6 a plate, you can not beat it. 
All of the items are hot and behind glass and they dish it up to eat there or for takeout. We went to the counter and must have looked a little overwhelmed so the exceedingly nice lady dishing the food asked if it was our first time there. She was super helpful and pleasant as she described all of the choices to us. She was knowledgeable about the vegetarian items that we asked for. There were several meat dishes but we also had about 7 vegetarians items to choose from. The $6 plate gives you your choice of 3 of the items poured over rice, which was big enough that I could not even finish my plate. I love that. 
I asked for her recommendations and was given a heaping plate of something eggplant, tempeh something, and jack fruit something (sorry, just one time there I don't have the names down yet). The sauces of each were amongst the best that I have ever had. My boyfriend got a vegetable fritter of some sort that was exceedingly good. 
If you like flavorful yet spicy homemade hot sauce let her put a dollop on your plate. This hot sauce should be bottled and sold, it is as good as it gets. 
If you are a snob about decor please skip this place and leave it for me. Otherwise, have a great meal in a nice family place.OMG I can't believe how goooood is this restaurant.
The lamb is sooft and tender, the spices are tasty and unique, i really looooved the food honestly you must give it a try and you won't regret.Best food in South Philly. If they'd only shut off the TV I'd give them 5 stars.This is a fabulous place.  It is owned and operated by a lovely family who aims to please We took a large group there today and everyone, despite our different eating preferences, was happy. The vegans were happy, the veggies were happy and the meat eaters were happy. I recommend the gado gado if you love veggies and peanut flavor like I do.  The seating area is small and seating is tight, but it is worth the authentic feeling. The prices are low, so that a lunch can run from 5 to 10 dollars. Parking is find-able in the neighborhood too.Collard greens are the best - get them with any other item on the hot bar and you will have a great meal. Make sure you try the hot sauce too! This is worth the trip to South Philly.Oh Hardena, how I am so grateful to thee. After coming across a thread on Reddit, where Redditors gleefully agreed that Hardena is one their guilty pleasures in the realm of "hole-in-a-wall" restaurants ... I knew I had to see what all the snuff was about. Mind you, I never had Indonesian food before so everything was a new experience for me. Overall, I enjoyed my order and have made quite a few visits afterwards. Their goat/lamb curry is my go-to and I always make sure that I include it as a side order. As for the beef rendang, it's aiight for the most part. I have tried better versions at other Indonesian restaurants. I am by no means a vegan or vegetarian (yes, yes I am a weak carnivore), but I get why their food is a hit with those kinds of people. They can definitely work more on the portion sizes. If I am going to fork over $12 for a platter with 3 sides, I expect a more generous serving than the platter shown in the photo. These days, I prefer to hit up Ramayana Restaurant which is only a few min away ... Why you ask? More authentic cuisine + better prices = a no-brainer choice for me.OMG...two choices for 7 dollars with rice..choices were tempeh, tofu, goat, chicken in a wonderful coconut sauce, greens, beef, mixed vegetables with eggs...ask for hot sauce on the side..its hooott..its Indonesian soul food...goHardena,
I am missing you so much.  Being 3,000 miles closer now to Indonesia doesn't guarantee that the food will be any better.  And definitely not cheaper.
Wanna open up a chain in LA?
*Tip- go on Saturday so you can get jackfruit curry.  AMAZING.
*Everyone I have ever taken here, no matter how picky or complicated their diets were, have absolutely loved this.I tried Hardena's food at a food festival in Astoria, NY, and really enjoyed their food. Their lamb and chicken skewers - plus sauce! - were really nicely flavored. To be honest, I'm not 100% sure what everything else was that came in my combination, but I'd venture to say you can't go wrong with their food. The people working at their stand were also very nice and charming, which really helped sell their food. And it was only $9 for tons of food!Go for the food. The family recipes are stellar. It was my first time at the restaurant and I was unfamiliar with the menu. The staff was very patient, took the time to explain the options and make recommendations. I was beyond thrilled with my selections. The food was so delicious and plentiful all for a low price. 
  The restaurant is small with only a handful of tables. I noticed a lot of take-out orders. However, I enjoyed the small proximity of other tables. The customers were friendly and we chatted from table to table occasionally. 
  I will be returning again and again.I get it.  Cheap, filling, tasty food for $6.  There's a welcoming yellow and blue painted door.  The family is smiling and happy to serve up the home cooked meal.   BUT, I would never bring anyone who is completely mainstream here.  I would bring my always broke hipster cousins and friends who are looking for a great deal. 
It is a bit of a detour to get here.  I had never come to Point Breeze before, but I had to check it out after most of the Yelp reviews were 5 star reviews.
I was very hungry, so anything would have been fine.  Some of the dishes were a little greasy and heavy.  The rice was a little wet.  I cook often and it is hard to make the perfect rice.  I know, I know, it was $6.  But, if you make rice everyday, it is your job to make it right.  It could be an Indonesian style way of making rice.  
Very authentic and nice to have options under ten dollars if you want to have an adventure.  Not sure if I will be back.  
Hubby wants to add that this beats bad suburban strip mall chain food any day.Authentic Indo food. Every time I have come here has been takeout. Doesn't feel like much of a sit down place. 
Ordered the beef rendang. Tasted good. Spicy but not overly seasoned. Excellent food and its fresh.
I will be back.4.5 stars? For serious? This place is not anything to brag about. I actually skipped more than half of the platter to go eat something else instead. Little flavor, small pieces of tender meat that were overshadowed by the large pieces of bone and chunks of fat attached. I was very excited, and then very dismayed.Great food! I really liked that the person behind the counter asked if we needed a rundown of the options. She told us what each dish was and answered questions we had. Ive never had Indonesian food before so it was nice to know what everything was. I got the yellow curry fish and the marinated beef on rice and they were both so flavorful. Beef was sooo tender. My boyfriend got the ginger chicken and potatoes. I loved the potatoes but the chicken was a thigh and I dont' like having to eat around the bones. I would go again the next time I visit Philly!Love the vegetarian combo for only$7 you get 3 choices w/ rice. Any of the tempeh are great(they had 2 kinds today). Love the collard greens.Had a tofu-veg stew today that was awesome. Still prefer tempeh..Get the hot sauce. Must admit I used to be a vegetarian; am no more; but this food is very satisfying. Extremely exotically flavorful! Tried the beef rendang a couple of times and it was excellent. Especially after it sits in the steam table for a while and gets extremely tender and flavorful. Have to try the satay someday; keep forgetting.Delicious little neighborhood joint conveniently tucked away in South Philly. I was hungry, found this place of Yelp and left completely satisfied. I received an abundance of food for very little bread. Would definitely recommend!Words cannot express how much I love this restaurant. Their food is great and their hot sauce is amazing!  And the family is so nice.The Indonesian restaurant Hardena had made the list of best 50 restaurants in Philadelphia according to the Philadelphia Inquirer.  It's about time some real ethnic restaurants made this list.  This popular small corner establishment in South Philly does indeed serve up some tasty food. And the proprietors are friendly and it's kinda cute on the inside.
A recent eat-in meal here began with a totally tasty corn fritter.  Put a little sambal on it and I could eat 4 or 5 of these. The salad/entrée of Nasi Pecel was large and filling though missing a bit of the spiciness I look forward to in my Indonesian salads.  I did like the peanut sauce but would also have liked a few more greens.  A side of beef rendang was excellent and I eventually mixed it in with my salad as of course the salad had a rice base. Total cost of all this was $18.
As much as I liked the food, there are a couple of features I would recommend to improve the in-house dining.  They are using Styrofoam plates and plastic silverware - not my favorite and probably not biodegradable.  The tables only have salt & pepper although there is a bottle of kecap manis and one of hot sauce near the register if you look for them.  I wasn't sure how the pricing worked for the steam table.  I think this could be made clearer when ordering.  I did hear some regulars mention that you get two choices for a certain price but if true I wasn't informed about that.  Also their hand-held tablet for using a credit card is very sensitive. I was planning to press "None of the suggested tips" and leave a separate tip based on the fact that this really is a cafeteria style restaurant but before I could do that a tip of 20% was registered and because it was so crowded I just let it go. 
With a little upgrade to the in-house dining experience, Hardena would garner 5 stars in my review.  But nonetheless, this is an excellent Indonesian eatery.Its the bomb. Small. Friendly.  Speaks english. It feels like home.  Highly recommend them!One of my favorite places for authentic Indonesian cuisine. Although the seating is limited, the general vibe is very welcoming and intimate. If you ever stop in, definitely try the beef rendang over rice, you won't regret it.Delicious home cooked food tucked away in a small corner of south Philly. Everything we ordered was so tasty. Our favorites were definitely the beef rendang and the chicken sate--best peanut sauce I've ever had! The ladies that worked behind the counter were super friendly and sweet. I can't wait to go back!It's really a stretch to even call this place a restaurant.  From the outside it looks like a shady bar or nightclub - no windows, no menu, no sign that it's even open.  Inside there's a few tables, fluorescent lighting, a short buffet-style counter with a crowded kitchen behind it.  The food was delicious! The cook/owner was friendly and explained each dish.  The bf loved the homemade chili sauce.  The place reminds me of lunches in a church basement with much better food.Unexpectedly amazing. We walked 3 miles round trip from our hotel to find this tiny, well kept restaurant and were well rewarded. The proprietress was all smiles as she helped us navigate trough the myriad choices of colorful, flavorful Indonesian delights. Worth the journey and the fare.If you want REAL and AUTHENTIC Indonesian food, then Hardena is the place to go! Hardena is a little hard to find because it is in a corner on a street that not many people go to and street parking can be a little hard to find in the area. But once you do step inside, you get a whiff of a spicy and alluring aroma. There are a couple of Indonesian dishes that you can try. I forgot exactly the name of the dish I ordered but it was a rice platter with well done beef, curry, and a boiled egg. The beef and curry had a nice harmony to your taste buds. The curry was spicy and had that alluring aroma I mentioned earlier. The ambiance is beautiful as you see some golden statues and beautiful tapistry that immediately takes you away from the streets of Philadelphia and into another country. I would love to go back again :)I've come here a few times and it has been consistently excellent! Tried another Indonesian spot, and ran right back here. Always great food, prices and the owner is so sweet!Went to this place since I had a voucher. First thing to take notice of is that it is unnoticeable! The cab driver dropped us right in front of the door but we still couldn't figure out if it was the right place. It blends in with other houses in the neighborhood. It is more of a take-out place than a dine-in. They had a guest over who was happily downing beer, even though the establishment doesn't serve alcohol.
We got a beef soup with tripe (without peanut sauce) as appetizer. You get a choice of 3 sides with rice. I couldn't catch the names but we tried goat and lamb curry, fish in coconut milk, beef, eggplant with fermented tofu, and jackfruit. We ate all this while watching a documentary about spiders on National Geographic on the TV, which was blaring constantly. It was a surreal experience and felt like we were visiting estranged relatives where there was hardly any conversation. It was Halloween night and a few kids (and a lady!) came in for trick or treats. 
Anyway, coming back to the food, it was great! If you don't know why jackfruit is called "Vegetarians' meat," then you should really try it. For dessert, we had the Indonesian version of bubble tea with coconut and palm syrup. It definitely needs an acquired taste. The voucher that I used was definitely over-priced but at only $7 for rice with 3 sides, the regular fare really is a bargain. A change of location would help the business but I guess that would defeat the charm of the place. Certainly worth repeat visits!{ International Wednesday Post }
The Wednesday immediately following the Anthony Bourdain "The Layover" Philadelphia Episode, I just knew we had to try Hardena! I was a little nervous because it's not in the greatest neighborhood, but it actually wasn't so bad. I asked the server if they had noticed an uptick in business since the episode aired, and she casually said that they had not and was pretty surprised that the tv show was the reason why I had come. I had her fill 2 to-go containers with all but 2 of the day's offerings. A few of my favorites were the salted eggplant, and the coconut curry salmon.  This place is worth the trip for take out!A good Indonesian food with authentic flavour preserved. Rendang and bakwan is highly recommended. Been here several times and haven't gotten tired of it yet. Overall, it's a place I would recommend to people that want to have a taste of Indonesian food.I have been craving for Indonesian food for a while. Therefore, after searching through Yelp and from friend's recommendation, I decided to visit this place on my short stay in Philadelphia. First of all, I was not impressed with the neighborhood surrounding the restaurant. However, I voted 4 stars for the food. The food was relatively cheap considering the three items you could get for only $7, including the rice. I ordered the beef rendang, Indonesian style chicken curry, and some veggies. All of them, especially the beef rendang, were pretty good to satisfy my cravings for Indonesian food.You know why this place deserves five stars? Because for SIX DOLLARS you will leave  A. Pleasantly full  B. With satisfied tastebuds and C. Love your life for the hour you spent of it in a cozy, family-run business, that's why! Please, don't expect to go here and be served modern, upscale cuisine...it's not that type of place (which i find so refreshing).  What you'll get here is friendly, sincere service and delicious, makes me salivate thinking about it now, home-cooked street food.  I'm guessing it's the Indonesian equivalent to my mom's pot roast...only here it's food that's been stewing in delicious, coconut and peanut-based sauces all day!  Their tempeh is the best I've had EVER, and trust me, I've made tempeh every way imaginable.  They always have 3-4 vegetarian options and a variety of carnivorous delights...beef, lamb and fish.  You get to choose 3 different things over a heaping pile of rice, so basically, 2 dollars/tasting.  This is my go-to spot when I come home from work starving and need comfort food immediately!SOUTH PHILADELPHIA'S BEST KEPT SECRET
The tempeh, the collards, the tofu, this place has it all. Heaping portions for CHEAP-definitely enough for two meals. Tucked away in the heart of "Newbold," you'll know this place from it's corner entry and bright yellow paint. 
The people who work here are sweethearts. 
Watch out for the hot sauce, it'll getcha.Authentic Indonesian food! I got the combo plate - three dishes and white rice for $11. I chose the goat meat, chicken, and their mixed vegetables. The cooked veggies were succulent. Carrots and a white root vegetable (?) where prominent - the juice they were cooked in was full of flavor! Unfortunately, it was small portions of the meats to eat - more bone that protein. But what was solid meat was incredible, fall off the bone tender! Meat was also in a juicy sauce, and perfectly seasoned. Not too spicy - once the plate cooled down, the spicy level also subsided to my comfort level. 
The daughter working the food - Lia - was polite, wonderful, bubbly personality. As soon as I told her this was my first venture, she chimed right in and explained all the dishes. I recommend people try this if they're in Philly!Authentic Indonesian cuisine, really friendly staff and most important is the food very delicious. Love the atmosphere in there too, they have a new traditional "bakso" cart as their register, so cute! Reminds me a lot of Indonesia, overall really recommend this place.Going to start a yelp needs a half star facebook group.  I'm giving Hardena 3 1/2.
Things I love about it: small, friendly, family and locally owned, one of the cooks shares her first name with me, price, convenience to the broad street line, and byo.
After reading about Hardena on Yelp for the past few weeks, and talking with a friend of mine about it repeatedly as we have an overobsession with reading Yelp reviews, we decided to venture there last night.  
I chose lamb, fish, and veggies as my toppings for rice.  Don't get me wrong, I completely devoured everything on the plate . . . but this often says more about my eating habits than it does about my enjoyment of the meal.  Everything was "a-ok."  I enjoyed the meal; just not five star enjoyment.Veggies were okay in terms of taste and portion size, but the beef rendang was as good as advertised! There's probably not enough rice to get more than two dishes, though. Still, would definitely stop by if I'm in the area again.I love this great hole-in-the-wall gem. A block from my house, the owners are always there and always smiling. Definitely worth the $6 for a large take-out box of food, this is my favorite alternative to pizza night. Inexpensive, easy, delicious. They make these hard boiled eggs marinated in a curry that I crave for days afterward - don't forget to ask for one. 
Most often we take our food to go, but eating in the small table-area is usually fun (most days there's something you wouldn't expect to be watching on their small tv in the corner) and it's a great spot for a little people watching - it's fun to see who will walk in next.
One of my favorite things about Hardena is how willing they've been for the past few years to work with our neighborhood association. We love Hardena and it's clear they love us back.Love this place! I'm a big fan of the steam table unpretentious vibe. Here combined with incredibly flavorful and affordably priced food. I am no expert in Indonesian cuisine, so I can't speak with authority. But what I do love about this place is that there is a plethora of vegetarian dishes to choose from while also amazing meat and fish selections. They always have jackfruit, tempeh, goat and beef, as well as collard greens, a personal favorite. Awesome variety. BYOB means you can pick up a few cold beers at Ultimo around the corner and then enjoy!Love this place!  The food is terrific and the people couldn't be nicer.  Inexpensive and lots of choices for vegans.  I'm a big fan!PROS: Authentic, humble Indonesian food, cheap prices
CONS: Sketchy exterior, paper plates and plastic forks
WHAT TO ORDER:
- Beef Rendang
- Fish Curry
If you come here for good service, forget it because you order at the register. If you come here for any form of fanciness, forget it. If you come here for good, humble ethnic food, you're at the right place! The delicious Indonesian dishes are what draw me back to this out-of-the-way spot. The people who work here are extra nice and friendly!Best of the best! I would go there everyday if i could.Very friendly nice family and fresh cooked meal for a good price! Try their dessert drinks !Good family run restaurant that offer authentic Indonesian food at value. Although food is good but most dishes are pre cooked and I think it would have been much better if they were freshly made to order. Additionally, desserts, more like drinks, are also slightly overpriced in comparison to quantity on my opinion. Apart from these, everything else is great. I would definitely go back, at least for the rendang and tempeh, and will recommend others too.Hardena offers authentic Indonesian food in a home-style setting. Note the food here is out in food warmers, and the owner scoops everything for you.
From the outside, it may look dingy or even closed, but don't be scarred - inside you'll find some delicious food.
For like $8 you get two entrees, a side, and rice. Highlights include:
- Beef Rendang - this is really the star of Hardena, so juicy and flavorful
- Collards - cooked Indonesian style (not Southern style lol)
- Fish Curry
- Tempeh
Anthony Bourdain gave this place his approval, so check it out.
Note - if you are looking for a more cooked-to-order Indonesian experience, there are like 5 other Indonesian restuarants in the Point Breeze area.Best Indonesian food I've ever had in the US! The rendang's meat was juicy and tender, the sambal goreng terong was out of this world. Also tried my friend's gulai kambing and it did taste good. One would never suspect such small place sells food this great!Never judge a book on his cover!!!!
When I walked in I thought I was on the streets of Indonesia some where in a hole in the wall...!!
If you are a foodie, and did not grow up with a silver spoon in your mouth Hardena is the place to experience authentic Indonesian food!!! 
Please, try!!!After sitting on the bookmark for many weeks, Amy and I finally made the trek to Hardena. It's worth mentioning that Amy is not the most adventurous culinary explorer, but she is trusting and therefore game for most any challenge I throw down. Hole-in-the-wall Indonesian food in Point Breeze is by far the most challenging food situation I have ever thrust us into. 
We walked in a little confused and a lot hungry. After an eternity of 60 seconds, we were guided through the selections and the process by a matronly and sweet woman behind the counter. "First time?" she asked. Clearly we looked like deer in the headlights. 
Plates piled high with more food than I would have thought possible for $6 per person, we sat down and dug in. I enjoyed my food, but some of the textures were foreign to me. I am spoiled by only having eaten better cuts of meat for the past two decades. The tempeh was fantastic, as was the tofu-and-egg curry dish. The lamb and chicken were too much of the dark-meat variety for me. Not complaining, just not what I am used to.
Amy did not fare so well. Holding up a misshapen cut of poultry she asked, "what piece of the chicken is this?" When I replied, in my best you're-gonna-be-sorry-you-asked tone, "the neck," she turned a deeper shade of green and threw in the towel.
I'll be back for lunch. By myself. =)Absurdly cheap. Absurdly delicious. That you're the only non-Indonesian person in the place confirms this. I can't even tell you what I've had there because I'm terrible at remembering the names of Asian dishes. Thank God for the sweet owner who piles food on your plate as liberally as your grandma.So I came back today after a visit 2 years ago. I didn't come back because they was a discrepancy with the price. I read all the good reviews about how good they were so when I visited the place I just thought the price had went up. That was 2 years ago.
Today, I came in and the price changed again. I thought it was $7 for 2-3 things but it is now $9  for 3 choices.  I really like the place because it is homey and cozy  but after the price discrepancy happened again, I don't think I'll be back. They don't post the price up and I felt like  because I didn't speak the language or looked like I was from the area, I got a different price. 
The food was good but I don't like the price variations.I can't believe I came to Philly to have an authentic south asian food. 
This restaurant was located away from avenue, a little hard to find but worth it. My friend and I came there in a windy day, really cold!! But the food warmed us. 
I ordered three side dishes with sticky rice, My friend ordered satay chicken with rice and we also tried its pink drink. Honestly, the drink was not very good. It was too sweet and all the fruit   was from canned food, not fresh at all. But the satay was delicious!! The meat was grilled with sweet sesame sauce and one of my dishes, like tofu or something, was a little spicy and savoury. BTW, the food was not greasy and very cheap~ The owner was an old Indonesian couple who make food like home dishes.I specifically included a repeat visit to this restaurant when planning my trip to philly. As a white dude who has never been to Indonesia I can't comment on their food's authenticity, but I can definitely recognize honest, tasty food at honest prices. 
Most people ignore the menu on the wall and go for a selection of 2-3 hot stews on display served over rice. We tried the beef stew (super hearty), lamb stew (incredibly tender if a bit fatty), tempeh (perfect texture) and vegetable stew (sweeter than expected and balanced out the meat in a nice way). Despite its exotic appearance, the food has really approachable flavors and picky eaters need not be dissuaded. 
So, sure, it's located in a bit of a divey part of philly. But the owner is friendly, the interior is cozy, and it's consistently delicious and filling. Try it.Hardena is one of the many important reasons I will never leave Philly. It is SO hard to find authentic Indo food in USA and to have this so easily accessible is insane! Their peanut sauce for the gado-gado tastes so much alike as the one I used to eat from the food vendor at my highschool. It is simply magical!!Legit ethnic food. If you're into that kinda thing. I am not really. But for $8 the two of us split something Indonesian for the first time ever. And it was good. Like island food. Stewed chicken that had just a little touch of sweetness. The hot sauce looked scary but was totally fine. Def liked the veggie fritter.I brought home fish and their beef curry and both were a big disappointment. The fish smelled so bad that we had to throw it away... what a waste of money...If I can give a 3.5 star that would be great. I think this place has some potentials for their food. 
There would be a variety of food available that often hard to find in other Indonesian restaurant. The taste is good, not excellent. The place is typical indonesian's waroeng. It is tasty but not pulling my leg strong enough to make me come back. The fried chicken, satay, gado gado is one of the tasties food available. For those who have not taste Indonesian food and varieties of them, should try this place. 
Other than that, let me drop the bomb. The service is sucks. I came and others were served first(a large group of them). After my sister was served, the lady went back inside and singing taking her time. The lady owner seen me but perhaps did not know about me waiting unserved, go ahead and served the large group. Clearly I was in line waiting to be served. I am totally annoyed with that. I am indonesian but perhaps not "indonesian" enough, so please don't think I am racist against it. I am as hard as I can want to avoid this place yet my friend totally in love with the satay that I have to eventually come back.Delicious spicy food. My favorites are the tempeh tofu stir fry, jackfruit stew (they usually have that on the weekend - sort of like sweet veggie BBQ "pulled pork") and collards. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Try their homemade hot sauce on the side if you're so inclined; they have nice heat and flavor. I like the green one best, but the red is great, too. The family that owns the place are all incredibly nice, too.I walked in and wondered to myself, "Wait, are we still in Philly?" 
Prepare to be transported into a humble but cozy eatery in Indonesia, where the food is home-cooked and the owners are the ones serving you the food.
I think I need to move to Philadelphia upon graduation.
This is everything an Indonesian restaurant should be. Authentic, friendly and reasonably priced. Order the sayur lodeh, rice, beef rendang and anything else that looks good. Chase it all with a nice cold TehBotol. Thank me later.If you really want to surprise someone take them to this unassuming little hole in the wall. It looks like a South Philly Chinese corner store from the out side. The place is little on the inside with one little buffet counter and a menu on the back. I always head to the buffet. I'm never disappointed. 
Everything is delicious here. I always get the hot sauce, it's a lemon grassy really hot red sauce that is to die for. There are lots of vegan/vegetarian options and there's no pork on the menu which is important in Philly.Delicious food, super helpful service, and it's so cheap I'm afraid I'm addicted!Wow, great taste and home cooking packed into a small space.
From Center City it's a very convienent vial the subway or C bus.
Entrance at the corner, one block west of Broad, cooking area takes up about 1/2 the space
in this little gem of a place.
Food is cooked family style, rserved by the plateful, which was very nice as I could get there, get good food and get back within a normal lunch hour.I've only been here once as of yet (2/10/12), but there's no question I'll be frequenting this place.  The food was cheap, fast and fantastic.  There were about eight different dishes already prepared and it was $7 for three of them over a generous portion of rice.  It took longer to figure out what I wanted than it did to acquire it and be on my way.  I only wish they didn't close at 8 pm.Tried the lamb, tofu, and fish. Very tasty and cheap. The rice is a little over cooked for me. It's byob!Definitely a must to stop at . The food taste so good and with a take out tray for $7 of home cooked like food? you come out a winner!This has become one of my go-to places in South Philly. I've dragged a bunch of people here, kicking and screaming. They're always initially skeptical, as the inside looks a bit like a grandmother's doily-heavy dining room. Styrofoam plates and cups abound. Which is to say, this is my heaven. 
That being said, what's behind the counter more than makes up for any perceived lack of real plates. The beef rendang is one of the best things I've eaten in Philly, and the fish curry, chicken sate, lamb and rice, and eggplant are delicious as well. They will have some/not all of these on any given day, so it's always kind of a surprise what's there. I don't even hate their tempeh or collared greens dishes, which are two things I tend to not order anywhere else. 
You're served a plate with two-three entrees and rice from behind a cafeteria style counter, with plenty of mix and match options. All of which will run you under ten bucks total per plate. They have Indonesian style desserts as well, which I will need to partake in next time.Great food, great prices but if you're eating in - the food is served on Styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. Total turn-off. However, if you still want to eat here, it's also a BYO w/ no added fee.Reasonably-priced and vegan-friendly. Tempeh&tofu is my favorite dish, along with the collards, eggplant, and jackfruit. Not fancy, just good food.This place is AMAZING. The people are delightful, the food is absolutely perfect. The prices are wonderful. I am running out of descriptive words but the food is like nothing I've ever had. Five stars!I'm in love with this place.  $6 for a heaping plate with rice and 3 different items.  I came here on a Wednesday, and even though on yelp it said they open at 12pm, it was closed.  I was so sad but then since I walked all the way down there I figured I should call them to be sure.  They said they will open at 12:30pm.  I went to a chinese restaurant down the street and ordered something small to tie me over.  Came back to Hardena around 12:45 and they were still closed.  I called them again and finally someone came out to open up shop.  All of that was so worth it.  The beef was tender and delicious.  I also had the quid, a little different but still fantastic tasting.  The lamb was so tender.  I tell you I'm in love with this place.  Next time, I need to ask for more of the hot sauce.  Yumm.Excellent food and service that cares!! We tried the beef rendang, chicken and tempeh with assorted veggies! Our favorite dish is the beef rendang and string beans with tiny bits of tofu cubes (see picture) The beef rendang is by far the best and most authentic beef I've ever tasted!!! Packed with lots of flavor, spices and the right amount of the remaining braising liquid around the beef. So good it pairs well with the rice and string beans leaving such a wonderful rich and fragrant insane amount of flavor!!!! Can't wait to be back! Yum..My three stars is not to say it's bad.  On the contrary, it's good.  It's just that lately this restaurant has gotten more press than the BP oil spill, and I think my expectations were a little too high.  
The 3-choice entree for $6 is a DEFINITE steal.  If you're on a tight budget but you want a satisfying, "off the beaten path" kind of meal, then by all means, hit up Hardena.  You won't be dissapointed.  
But to be fair, I wasn't overly impressed with my selections or those of the other members in my Asian food club (http://www.meetup.com/Pho-Real-The-Philadelphia-Asian-Food-Lovers-Society/).    
Some thoughts: The vegetables were cooked in a light coconut curry sauce.  Pleasant, very pleasant.  The beef rendang had a nice citrus-curry kick to it.  The fish, cooked in a yellow curry sauce, was a bit salty but yummy nonetheless.  I would advise you to avoid the seitan, however - it came with rice "clumps" that have the texture of glue. 
Listen, I like Hardena.  I like the *vibe* of it.  It's cozy & family owned  - I felt like I was eating in an Indonesian family's kitchen (especially with the shelves piled with spices and sauces over the stove).  It's local, yet still out of the way.  It's smack in the middle of a burgeoning Indonesian enclave, and there's nothing I like better than stepping into another country while still in my home city.  The food ain't bad either.
It's definitely worth the trip, just not all the hype.Kitschy little hole in the wall with some of the best food you can get in South Philly for around $10. And you get a LOT of it, personally it amounts to about two filling meals for me. Delicious and unique, and every time I've been there they have several vegetarian options. Definitely worth the trip!A friendly, family run, hole-in-the-wall place with a wide selection of homemade Indonesian food.  The seitan dish was most tasty, and some of the other stews were pretty good too.  They have these seitan fritters that look good, but are very greasy.Hardena is weird and great!  It's maybe confusing for a shy person or a newcomer, since they don't have menu.  And on the outside, the place always looks darkened and closed.  Well they have a small selection of items written on a chalkboard but those aren't their main deal.  You check out a bunch of dishes they serve over white rice and pick 2 for $8 or 3 for $10.  The $8 dish is plenty for most folks, I'd suggest that.  
They do serve meat and egg dishes so there's that :( but also, plenty of vegan choices.  The collards are great mixed up with rice and they have pretty standard (but all good) tofu and veggies.  They have a really tasty seitan and tempeh borderline sweet dish that I would urge you to get.  You have the option of getting hot sauce with your plate and nothing I've had here is spicy, so if that's something you crave you will need to add that on.  The flavors are muted in the food here, nothing is overwhelming or too much.  It's all delicious though and will leave you with a happy and satiated feeling.
Never bogged down or heavy, just fulfilled!
Two kind of annoying points though with eating here.  The TV is always on, and kind of loud.  Also they aren't open past 8pm, so you have to be over there early to eat.  So it's not too convenient for night people like me, but I'm sure it's best for those working people in the restaurant.Good food! The only drawbacks are the place isn't usually open on time and they usually don't have all the food ready when they are open and a little bit overpriced for the amount you get.I went here and all the food was so amazing. The people here definitely seem to care about the food they cook. I ordered the meat entree and every side they had to offer and it was all great. Their menu rotates so I would love to go back and keep trying their dishes. Keep up the great work!They accept credit card. Look for the big yellow sign and yellow door. All the food is served like a fast food Chinese place. 2 items and rice is $8 and two meat items and rice is $10. Highly recommend the beef rendang. It's so tender and flavorful. Also try their house made hot sauce if you like lemongrass. Many different menu items, all big bursts of flavor. 
The only gripe is that if it's really busy, things can be slow because the employee who takes the food order is also ringing you up. Also, very small restaurant. There's like 4 tables and a small bar area. Don't really understand why they have rolley chairs because they're cumbersome and get in the way.This place is your definition of hole in the wall!  You walk in and there's a few small tables and then the kitchen to the left and then the food in front of you.  There's not much space to even turn around.
The food here is authentic and cheap!  The best thing to do is to just let the chef pick your food for you.  You get 3 dishes on a plate with rice for only $5. And it's lots of food!  You can also get a side of chicken or lamb satay.  Just go on the weekend, as the satay is only available on the weekends.  
The pace is slow here, so you might have to wait a bit to get your food.  It's no frills.  There's no heat, so in winter, it's friggin cold. You're eating on styrofoam plates and plastic forks and paper napkins.  So go here for the food, not the ambiance!Highly recommended and didn't fall short.  Beef rendang was killer, tender and tasty.  Note: entrees (delivery) do not come with rice, caught us off guard.This is my go-to spot for Indonesian food. It's a family-owned, hole-in-the-wall restaurant in South Philly. If you are looking for fine dining, this isn't the spot. However, it is an excellent place to get delicious Indonesian food served in Styrofoam boxes/plates. For $8, you can get 2 entrees with rice. I normally get the beef rendang and curry tofu and egg. The beef rendang is one of the best I've had. The spicy chicken is also very tasty. I haven't had the sate for a while, but if I remember correctly, the sate was also seasoned and cooked very well. You can't go wrong here especially at such low prices!After reading all the reviews, I also wanted to try out this spot.  I took 2 of my friends with me, and i kept on telling then how good its going to be and about all the great reviews it got! Once i open that yellow door..i knew it was going to be a major FAIL.  And i was right!! The place was not clean, the food is just sitting out in the open and it didn't even taste that great.  I felt so bad for dragging my friends all the way there and they didn't even take more than few bites. I really don't understand what the hype is all about.  Try banana leaf or penang instead of this place.This place is the truth. Fried fish things are strongly flavored and perfectly crispy. A great deal on a big serving of good food.I live a block away and never knew this place was here til I looked up one day on  ride home from work and took notice of the sign. Go figure. It's a hidden gem full of cheap awesome food. The place looks like someones living room because it sorta is. The picnic tablecloths, the local sale flyers, all of it has a surreal feeling. You just wouldn't expect the food to be so good with the atmosphere. But it is good.Better than good, its amazing.The woman behind the counter was super polite,and despite her saying what each item was,I still had no clue what all I got. I know there was lamb, some beef rendang,some delicious rice,and some jackfruit.For next to no money, I got a ton of food,and my mouth was in heaven. The food was perfect,to the point that I was licking the Styrofoam clean. Go here now. 
My only issue was I really could not figure out what I was getting, but it was all good,so I'm happyThe place is located off of Broad Street, approximately one half way between City Hall and the stadium complex. Parking is not easy and the streets are tight in this area of the city. I was able to get a spot a couple of blocks away. 
The Entire restaurant feels like someone's dining room, such a warm and comfortable feeling.
Checkout  Anthony Bourdain "The Layover" Philadelphia Episode and see how great this place is.This place is a block from my office and the home I have been living in for two years... I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the reviews on here, and they were right on! Went in for the first time yesterday and was very pleased with the experience. The food is inexpensive, a good value, and delicious, not to mention that the family who owns this place is absolutely adorable :)I love this place. I especially love that it's less than 2 blocks from my house, but I'd also travel for it. I've only ordered take-out from the hot bar. It's so good. You can get three veggie dishes over rice - a huge amount of food - for $10. My favorites are the collards and the eggplant, and the seitan and tofu is pretty tasty too. If you're looking for textural variation, this isn't your place, but I love stewy, tender, mushy food so that is a-ok with me. Service is great too!I discovered this place on accident & it's now my favorite spot in the city. I've never had anything like it: collards cooked in coconut milk, sweet soy tempeh, jackfruit -- and all in very generous portions. Everything I've ever had has been delicious. The good is served cafeteria style, although I think they also have a menu. The lady who usually serves me is so warm and friendly that I feel like I was invited over. I really recommend going here.
There are some things to note, however. The place is very small, everything is styrofoam or plastic and it is very likely that your chair might roll away from the table. I'd usually be inclined to give less stars but I love the food & people too much to drop it to a 4.I must disagree with the high reviews this place got.  The staff, a family, could not have been more friendly and helpful.  I wanted the food to be good. However, all of it was SO salty, and I love salty things.  This was so overpowering that the interfered with good flavor. I know some of the people who wrote good reviews on this page, and I trust their judgement.  So, either this place has gone down hill or they had an off day.Best indonesian food in USA period!. I'm indonesian myself, and always go to indonesian restaurant if possible, i've visit many indonesian restaurant in usa (from Bayleaf in sunnyvale- CA, to Bali Cafe-Miami). 
This place rocks!, if you dont mind eating with styrofoam utensil, i guarantee you the best indonesian eating experience. The place itself is very small, around 15 seating, the decoration is very indonesian, and its a cozy, family oriented restaurant. 
That beef rendang, please don't compared it to any malaysian/indian beef curry, its way better than that. Seasoned and cooked to perfection, tender, creamy just melted on your mouth-Heaven Made~!I don't know if this is authentic or not but I know it is really really delicious.
Lots of vegan and vegetarian options as well.
For ~$15 I got a coke and a giant (albeit, styrofoam) plate of food. Three to four different items on top of a bed of rice with a vegetable fried cake on top.
Also their house hot sauce/chili paste is SO SO SO good, about the heat level of your average chili paste but with the distinct addition of floral lime leaves complementing the tangy spicy oily sauce. Over the top for sure.This place is doooooooooope! I've been here many times and I never tire of it. It's got a very casual atmosphere and the food is served buffet-style. You can get a huge plate of food for relatively cheap- 7$ for two dishes over rice and $9 for three. They have a pretty solid variety of vegan offerings (vegetable stew, eggplant, tempeh, and greens, sometimes others) and there is usually also a vegetarian tofu dish with eggs as well in addition to the meat offerings. My favorites are the greens and tempeh- a heavenly combination with house made hot sauce that is flavorful but not super spicy. The people who work here are also very sweet. They overheard my friend and I talking about our favorite Miyazaki movies and offered to let us borrow "Grave of the Fireflies", their personal favorite. That just goes to show how friendly and trusting they are here. 
The one thing I wish is that they would bring back the mysterious vegetarian noodle dish I had here several months ago- it was SO delicious, but I haven't seen it since January!I champion this place right here to solve the issues of world hunger , for a measly 7 bucks , one can heap a mountain of rice with choice of 2-3 dishes , each laden with  with ample spices and aroma of true to south east asia.
Leave your frills at home, as this place is all about the food and not decor. I always make sure to get the beef Rendang , as  the other dishes mostly are decided on a whim. 
Top the food with generous serving of Sambal and the crispy rice crackers available at the counter and truly realize what being satiated actually means.
Rinse and repeat  ...As far as I know this is the only Indonesian place in Philly (edit: I was way off here, there are a few other Indonesian restaurants in the area, although this is still my favorite), and the only time I had Indonesian was when I was here.
It's a pretty small, one room place in South Philly, although not too far South. The dining room is sort of set up like a small cafeteria, with long tables and a few chairs at each table. When I went there it wasn't all that busy (it was just us and what I assume was an Indonesian family with about ten people), but I imagine it can get pretty crowded.
You can order off a menu, but it seemed like the usual practice was to choose from about eight pre-made dishes. They have both meat and non-meat dishes, and you get to choose multiple dishes.
My favorite was a corn fritter-type thing. They had two kinds, both of which were very good. The rice was also quite good. I also had a beef dish that was really good, although it had some pieces of fat in it. The Indonesian kids had some kind of pink drink that looked cool, so I asked for that too. It was really good (and really sweet). Like seemingly every other Asian treat it had lychee in it, which is a-ok by me. It also had some other fruits thrown in.
It tasted really good and was pretty cheap, and I definitely want to go back. If I got there and it was too crowded, I would probably just go check out a Pho place also in South Philly.Wow!  I mean ... Wow!  This was one of the best food experiences I've had in a long time.  Second to going to Indonesia you couldn't find a more authentic Indonesian establishment.  The location is a bit off beat and the building unassuming, but as soon as you enter you're greeted by the incredibly friendly owners/staff.  They took the time to educate us on the different dishes (we tried the buffet).  We tried a mix of things including tofu with eggs, sweet and sour chicken, skewers, etc.  Everything was incredible.  I only wish I had a second stomach.  Check it out.  If you pull up and it looks closed it isn't.First time, me eating Indonesian food :) I went here with my boyfriends, I always wanted to try Indonesian food since he was Indonesian. Good place for first timers since the place is very homely and warming.  The way they serve food is like a buffet but you get a nice selection of food! I think i got this bean soup, kabobs and rice with it. And this pastry that I also really like. Amazing food, you'll regret missing out on it.Yesterday after work, we made the trek from Fairmount to Point Breeze to finally sample the Indonesian offerings at Hardena. I found an awesome parking spot, which immediately puts me in a good mood. 
When I walked in, it reminded me of some of the more casual, homey eateries (this being the definition of "waroeng", based upon a scientifically conducted Google search just now) in the Philippines, Indonesia's neighbor to the north. The atmosphere is unlike any other restaurant in Philadelphia, but it still felt familiar and very comfortable. 
The food was absolutely delicious. Lots of vegetarian options. Yesterday, their offerings included: greens, potatoes, tempeh, fish, mixed veggies, a few meaty options, some hard-boiled, seasoned eggs, and vegetable fritters. The sate options were also available, of course. I opted for a generous plate of rice, tempeh, some potatoes, and a veggie fritter. Everything was flavorful and unusual. I'm not a pretentious eater, I just know when shizzle is good and it was more than good. My little sampler platter was perfectly filling, but not heavy. We also ordered one of the beverages off the tiny menu on the wall and it was a cup full of fruits and an unnaturally pink liquid. Whatever it was, it was delicious, and also reminded me of some of the more unusual beverages options I encountered in the Philippines.
After we sat down at a table to eat with our little cups of water and styrofoam plates, Kak Ena & her husband sat down behind the counter and the four of us watched the evening news together. It was awesome.
Bonus points for low, low prices (a generous meal for two for under $20) and random cat decor placed throughout the restaurant. A friend of cats is a friend of mine. Five stars. I want to eat here forever.Food is awesome! Their rendang is very tender, but the taste is not too much, what a perfect combination.Hardena/Waroeng Surabaya has been on my bucket list for sometime, but haven't had a chance to make the walk down to Point Breeze.
Plans were expedited when i found out i have to head to Indonesia for work.  Thank goodness they did.  This is a hidden gem, and probably some of the best food I've ever had.
I pretty much followed yelp reviewers recommendations and ordered the collards, beef redang and lamb soup over rice.  Can't go wrong. I couldn't believe how tender and flavorful it was.
My wife is vegetarian and ended up going with the collards and tempeh sans rice.  She MAY have gotten two orders because it was so good.Awesome, awesome, awesome!
Very authentic Indonesian food!  I can vouch for that since I am originally from Indonesia.
Classic "hole in the wall restaurant yields delicious food!" theory.
Small corner restaurant.  Doesn't look open but it is.
Cash only!
Street Parking.
Definitely not a place to impress your date as far as ambiance and decor is concerned, but as far as food is concerned it is a whole different story.
Don't know what to order?  Ask Ena the owner of the restaurant to choose something for you and she'll take care of it.  Just give her an idea of what you like, chicken, fish or beef.
Paper plates, paper cups & plastics spoons &  forks.  Its borderline fastfood/takeout.
Anyway I went there with 4 of my other friends who have never had Indonesian food.  We got 2 fish dishes, 1 vegetable dish, 1 beef rendang, 1 chicken dish, 1 tempeh dish, 1 plate of shrimp chips, 6 plates of rice and 3 different desserts (es cajang, es cendol & es kalapa).  Total bill came out to $48.00.  Wow!  That is about less than $10.00/person not including tip.
I will definitely be back.  Highly recommended.It looked closed from the outside on Saturday at 7pm but the scent of curry wafting down the street reassured me. 
I reccommend ordering 2 veggies and one meat/fish for the 3 course combo. Better balance as the meat is big chunks. My favorite was the collards, tofu and string beans, and chicken curry (make sure you get some of the carrots). Sauces were delicious if not a tad on the oily side. The pink sweet drinks are popular accompaniament to the spicy foods although too sweet for my tastes. (I prefer the salty lime sodas at Vietnamese.) Thought the veggie fritter was ok ESP dipped in homemade hot sauce which you can ask for on the side. But nothing special unless you're craving something fried. 
Hardenas is in a diverse neighborhood and attracts a broad crowd. When we got there it was families of Indonesians, but over the course of our meal black,white,asian families and young hipsters all rolled through.
Left smelling like fish sauce. Plan to come here with regularity!We order the lamb sate, the meat doesn't taste like lamb at all, all the food went to trash.Heck yeah! This was so delicious that we devoured it practically without stopping in about 5-10 minutes. 
Full of flavor, the dishes were spiced and cooked to perfection. We chose the collards, curry tofu, tempeh, and beef. Those are their top sellers, and it's no surprise why. The collards were excellent, the curry with the tofu was particularly aromatic and soaked into the rice nicely, the tempeh was marinated with a delicious sweet and savory sauce, and the beef was cooked to be fall-off-your-fork tender. 
The seating area is somewhat crammed and dingy, so I deducted a star for that, but the food is great. 
$8 for two choices with it all set on a bed of fragrant rice (coconut?) is a tough deal to beat. 
Parking in that area is tough, but there is a 30 minute spot right in front, which may be all you need when you devour your plates in no time.The food reminded me of my hometown, surabaya, Indonesia. I definately recommended you who want to seek genuine east java taste and experience. The food is pretty cheap. $7 for 3 items with rice, and $1 krupuk. (shrimp cracker) I ordered the chicken curry, fried bakwan, and lodeh. I like everything that I ate. but my friend ordered squid -it tasted so so... not so fresh, not so good. stay away from it. I saw them bbq-in satay, so I ordered some chicken and lamb satay. It was really delicious. 
2 stars for the location and 4 stars for the food. It's located in the worse neighborhood that I ever been visiting. If you just want to go for the food, ignore everything else!Hole in the wall place w great food. Very small place but feels like you're eating home cooked food. Food is served on disposable plates. My favorite dish was egg and tofu curry. Lamb and beef dishes were also great.There are really so many things not to like about Hardena/Waroeng Surabaya.  First, the name is hard to remember and spell.  Waze couldn't find my partial misspellings and as a result the first few times I wanted to visit, I couldn't because I can't spell.  
Next up, parking is crazy.  I don't think I've legally parked twice the 6-7 times I've visited.  When I get here after work I'm usually right up against their closing time and need to find a spot pronto!
The exterior of the building is incredibly
deceiving in that it doesn't convey the awesomeness that awaits you behind the rickety front door.  If you were judging the outside, you probably aren't walking in.  I know I had some second thoughts.
After you walk in you might still have some reservations given the really understated decor but that should quickly
dissipate after the food comes into view.  
I've got to say, I've never left HWS without an order of Beef Rendang.  This Beef Rendang is outstanding.  It is soooo tender and super flavorful without being overly salty.  This Rendang has to be among the best I've ever had.  The chicken curry special or Ayam is pick #2 after the Rendang.  Outstanding, outstanding, outstanding!  The chicken satay is also recommended as well as as the mixed veggie fritter or bakwan.  
I must say I don't dig the fish curry that they have.  I'm not sure if it is the type of fish that was used but I thought it lacked some of the bold flavors that were present elsewhere.  I also keep hearing about the tempeh (from the servers) but haven't been able to pry my eyes off other items I've mentioned to choose that option.
The service here is friendly although I have noticed that the quantity of food will vary depending your server.  There are tables
in the restaurant, which after you order your food, you grab a seat.   I've never waited for a seat/table in the evening but the majority of the time I do get takeout because I'm illegally parked outside.
Overall, the food here is definitely worth the effort.I would give the savory items a 4.5. Such a deal, so intensely flavorful!
I would give the desserts a 1. Only a 15% effort made there.
Do come for the entrees and the appetizers and the pleasantness of the family. They are worth the trip to this part of South Philly!The food is cheap and incredible. Nothing I've ordered at Hardena has failed to completely satisfy me, but I think the best bet is to order one of the 3-item plates over rice.
Really, no matter what you order, you can't go wrong here. The fish in coconut milk, tangy tempeh, collard greens (which I'm usually not a huge fan of), and curries are fabulous.I had read about Hardena previously on yelp and it also was briefly mentioned on Anthony Bourdain's  The Layover. We have had Indonesian food in NYC and Malaysian food in South Jersey and the Penang chain. We were anxious to try Hardena.
The place is located off of Broad Street, approximately one half way between City Hall and the stadium complex. Parking is not easy and the streets are tight in this area of the city. I was able to get a spot a couple of blocks away. Use your GPS as this place is very nondescript from the outside. If your not looking out for it, you will pass it.
The inside oh Hardena is a little odd. The tables are not set up in a particularly efficient arrangement. It can be cramped. The place is clean but there is a lot of stuff in a small space. The tables have batik prints covered by glass. There are other bits and pieces from Indonesia around, but the place is not that much to look at. The staff however is very friendly when you walk in.
They have a menu on a chalk board which changes daily, They were sold out of the Satay when we got there which disappointed me as the spicy peanut sauce is my favorite, There is a small counter with about 8-10 dishes in a sort of buffet setting. The super pleasant women behind the counter explained how things worked and what the items were in great detail. The menu was basically your choice of 3 meat or fish dishes and rice for $8.00. They had some vegetable and non meat dishes also. It was my wife, daughter and myself and we all had 3 individual plates and the serving was very big. We had the beef Rendang, some sort of chicken, fish in coconut curry and tofu. The beef Rendang was slow cooked and very tender. The  fish in coconut curry was the best dish for me, flavorful with a little heat. It was great on a cold night.
The utensils are no frills also plastic spoons and forks keeping with the mojo of the Hardena. I assume like in Thailand, Indonesians do not use chop sticks but also spoons and forks as with Thai people. Also the plates are foam, this is no nonsense eating. My daughter, described Hardena's food as a cross between Filipino and Thai. That is pretty accurate. They sell canned sodas and provide foam cups for self serve water from a big cooler by the cash register.
The 3 of us ate until our stomach's nearly exploded for under $30.00 total. That is pretty good value! I recommend this place if you want some really good food at a reasonable price and don't mind a no frills almost home style setting.My favorite place to eat in all of Philly, hands down!
Don't be fooled when you visit, it's probably open. Make sure to try the door. No matter how many times I go there, I always panic a bit as I walk up thinking they're closed. 
Best food ever! I literally salivate the entire car ride home, wishing I could tear open the styrofoam containers and shovel it into my mouth with my hands as I'm driving.
Here's a tip: Ask for a platter with a little bit of everything. I usually just ask them to fill it up with their favorite menu options. No need to be picky or pour over selections- absolutely everything is awesome, and it's ONLY SIX BUCKS! Whole hardboiled egg thrown in with my fish? Go for it! Spicy beef and greens? Yes please!  If you like the flavors of SE Asia, there will be nothing that you don't love.Wish I went here sooner. Living in the Center City area I feel like I knew all the great restaurants in the area as far down as Society Hill and felt there wasn't a need to go beyond that. I always heard amazing things about Hardena but never went there until I saw them in Edible Philly magazine. Finally I decided to get on the Broad Street line and check them out on a cold Thursday night. From the minute I walked in I was greeted like I was a friend who stopped by for dinner. The ambiance had a very home like feeling and the food smelled amazing. The manager Diana was very helpful in helping me decide what to order. I honestly, couldn't decide because everything looked so good! I told her I trusted her judgement and she proceeded to fill my plate with Sayur Singkong, Rice and Rendang . It ended up being one of the best meals I've ever had (this includes restaurants I've ate at in NYC)  . The price was very affordable and reasonable for the amount of food I got. Hardena is a MUST eat no matter if you are visiting and/or from the area. The entire experience has definitely made me a return customer.Was impressed with the pages and pages of 5 star reviews on Yelp. Nothing fancy on the outside, but amazing food We both ordered off the buffet, for $8 you got a plateful of rice, two choices to go over the rice.They had 10 different items to choose from. Mimi had curried goat and collard greens over rice, and I had curried fish and beef satay over rice. Portions were huge and very flavorful without being overwhelming. So many great flavors going on and was delicious. Will be going back.Best Indonesian food I've ever had in the US. What a flavor of home! But the beef rendang today was just not melting in my mouth. The sayur lodeh was right on so was the stir-fried long beans. BELACHAN IS HEAVENLY!!!! I felt like I was being transported back to south east Asia. Certainly a must try in philly!This restaurant located in a non descript building in South Philly has the most amazing indonesion food you will taste outside of Indonesia. 
Served in a unpretentious mom and pop atmosphere with steam tables brimming full of their delicious offerings such as beef and chicken soups, Beef Rendang, chicken sate, lamb and rice, tempeh stew, fish curry, fried potatoes, and collard greens. 
Seating is limited but that  is a small concession for you to enjoy the delicious recipes that are whipped up in their small kitchen. Since this is located in a neighborhood, parking can be a little bit sketchy. Seek this place out, it's worth the trip.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia hands down. They not only deliver amazing flavors, they deliver emotion and a story. This is not an exaggeration. Every dish I've tried has been fantastic: beef, chicken, tofu, greens, etc. You must go there now!For all of you indonesian ppl, this place more way way better than south east asian food like Penang or Banana Leaf which is kinda pricey.. At Hardena Restaurant you will find many kind of Indonesian dish or even East Asia foodie here, with various kind of beverages. Need to go to lunch with a bit cheaper and delicious, just go here, u wont regret it..Walked in, and the smell was killa!!!! That's a good thing. It smelled so good. Small place but definitely had some tasty food. All the food has a lot of oil but tastes brilliant. My friend had the chicken satay. The peanut sauce was DIVINE!!!! The dish didn't come with rice. You had to get it extra, which I recommend to balance the sauciness and the oiliness. One star down that I had to get rice on the side and for the decor/the lack of care in the way the food was plated.This place... Wow, this place. First, this modest joint is run by the cutest family in America. 
Second, this place will make you crave the flavor party that is Indonesian cuisine. For practically nothing, you can choose from the delectable steam table of stewed goodies to pile on top of rice ($7 for 2 meats + 1 veggie / $1 extra for the "all-meat" option). Between the 2 of us, we tried to strategize for maximum coverage and ended up getting:
-- Fish Curry: So much smooth, luscious flavor you will wonder what you've been missing all these years.
-- Lamb and Goat Stew: Nothing says love like lamb and goat stewed until the meat's falling off the bone.
-- Beef Rendang: Until coming here, I always thought it was odd that the beef in Beef Rendang was so dry. NO: this Beef Rendang is like chunks of beef-butter disintegrating by virtue of its own intense flavor.
-- Collard Greens: Tender, mysteriously packed with flavor in a way that defies the American version of collard greens. 
-- Curry Tofu and Egg: With a hard-boiled egg stewed so long in yellow curry juice, the egg itself might as well have been made of curry.
And, being only 2 people this time, we weren't even able to try the tofu/tempeh selections, the fritters, the fried(?) chicken pieces, and the entire OTHER menu on the chalkboard. But that just goes to show that this is a place for repeat visits.
The food is not necessarily spicy (that's what the side of hot sauce is for), but the operative word here is FLAVOR. There is no lack of it at this joint. 
Note, however, that if you're one of those unfortunate people that can't handle bones or dark meat (which, sadly, is too many Yelpers), you should play it safe and pick stuff that doesn't start with bones, like tofu, tempeh, veggies. There is absolutely no lack of these choices for you (when we were there, rice-plate choices included at least 2 tofu or tempeh items and at least 2 veggie items), but you're missing out.If I lived near Hardena/Waroeng Surabaya I'd be very, very full, and very very happy. Incredible Indonesian food, like Nenek used to make. Delicious beef rendang, lamb and fish curry as well as lots of tasty meatless options (the tempeh has excellent). And at $7-8 a person, a real deal to boot!
It's a bit hard to find, but oh so worth the effort. Don't be afraid if you've never tried Indonesian food. I can't imagine anyone not liking what they offer.Easily my favorite Indonesian restaurant in town, and my go to restaurant when friends come to town. Getting to pick a variety platter is great for trying different dishes, and I end up loving practically every one every time. The homemade tempeh dishes are delicious and have a great texture. The homemade hot sauce is tangy and amazing, though one of the dishes need the extra flavor. The only dish that is just ok is maybe the egg curry. Everything else is unique and great! 
Go on a weekend for the goat/Lamb curry and the jackfruit curry! Delicious! 
The family who runs it is also very kind. 
Sitting space is limited.Really fantastic, worth the hype, no frills, nice staff, amazing food. I used to live in Jakarta and this was basically the same stuff, filtered for deliciousness.Came here on Saturday with friends who recently returned from vacation in Bali. It is a very casual, friendly family-run business which seats about 20. We went at 3:30 pm, thinking it would not be busy, but it was still bustling. Seating was at capacity when I entered, but a table opened up by the time we placed our orders. There was also a steady stream of regulars coming in for take-out. Enjoyed the Beef Rendang, which was very tender, with mixed veggies, potatoes, and rice. I don't care for hot spicy food, so it was perfect for me, but you can get hot sauce with it, if you like that. We requested containers to take home the leftovers as the portions were generous. Had the sweet, red coconut water beverage too, which was refreshing. Ordered the chicken sate to go and was fortunate to get the last portion of the day. Because everyone sits so close to one another, we easily struck up a conversation with our neighbors who were regulars and shared travel tips for Bali and other parts of Indonesia. Nice, affordable communal experience.As someone who lived three awesome years in Bali and Lombok, Indonesia, I know my way around a good waroeng. This place is a typical Padang style restaurant that serves Indonesian style curried dishes that I really miss in the us, including jackfruit curry, goat curry and curried eggplant. Bring your own wine? - Nice touch! 4 starts for the food. Taking a star off for the lack of glasses and tiny seating arrangement (Although this does make the experience even more so authentic)Delicious food, huge portions, 2 entree w/rice for $7, cozy and quirky interior, friendly family-owned, just another reason why Philly is quite possibly the greatest city in America.Does this restaurant even need any more reviews?  Everyone says it's awesome.  It *is* awesome.   
Most of the menu rotates.  But there's beef rendang every day.  Beef rendang is beef that is cooked very, very slowly in coconut milk and in its own rendered fat until the meat melts in your mouth and the remaining liquid is a thick, rich sauce.  My other favorites are the lamb stew, which falls off the bone, and the rich, savory tempeh.
If you like satay, get five skewers of beef or chicken satay, plus rice, for five bucks.
There are a lot of interesting-looking fried items on sale, but the only one I ever tried I didn't care for.  I thought it was greasy and had been sitting around too long.  That's the one and only thing I've ever eaten at Hardena that I didn't like.  Everything else has been a winner.
Despite the scary descriptions, it is a fine place to take kids.  The kids won't mind the décor.  And nobody will care if they spill rice on the plastic-covered tables.
Addendum 2010-05-24: Hardena no longer looks like an abandoned mini-mart.  The outside has pretty new paint.   They have a sign that does not involve movable black plastic letters and does not advertise 7-Up.  The interior has been rearranged to open up more space, and decorated.  There are new tiles in the bathroom.
And they still have the best food ever!
Addendum 2011-08-13: A rice plate with three dishes is up to $7 now.  It's still one of the best deals around and the food is still superb.
Addendum 2016-09-22: Hardena has not gotten any worse.  It is still one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, worth a special trip to visit.LOVE LOVE this place!! It is inexpensive and you get lots of food! 
Best thing is that the food taste like what your mom would make! Indonesian home cooking at its best!The best Indonesian food that I've had in Philly, and the family that runs it is great.  I always get the beef rendang and the collard greens.  They're both amazing.  The fritters and chicken dishes are also favorites.Amazing taste of indonesia in the heart of Philly.  What a suprise! Great selection & the Esteler desert drink was refreshing. 
One con-they need to lose the wheels on them seats. I was struggling to stay still my whole meal.Love this place! If you've ever had a dry, chewy beef rendang, and wondered what all the fuss is about (or why it's on the menu of all Indonesian restaurants, and many Malaysian ones besides), then come to this place for an education. Meltingly tender beef in their rendang, and similarly tender lamb/goat curry as well.  The fish and the eggplant dishes were also fantastic.
It is a small, cramped restaurant, and it's served on plastic forks, etc., so if you're looking for a fancy place to eat, this isn't the place.  For good, as authentic as I've ever had Indonesian food, though, this is the right place. Very friendly place, too, owned and operated by a sweet family. Definitely worth a try!
Oh, and the spices: the dishes are very aromatic, but I think their chili-heat is more geared towards a gentle palate.  They always ask if you want sambal oelek on the side, which you can get for a pleasant heat.Although this place has received many high ratings I did not think the food was AMAZING, although the people that ran it were exceptionally nice, welcoming, and helpful. The girl at the counter even let me try a few sample so I could decide what I wanted. I was confused on why such a small business would have customers eating off of plastic utensils and plates. The food was just okay. I dont think I would go back. I was really excited to go there and try it because of all the great reviews but it didnt turn out how I had hoped.A hole in the wall and you almost miss it if you don't know it exists. Cute vibe inside with rolling chairs and a permanent food cart. They have a buffet type  food as well as a menu to order from. The drinks are interesting... coconut milk, salted Carmel syrup, lycee jellies and a fruit. The food is amazing. All of the vegetarian options are very flavorful and the shredded beef was very good but slightly too salty. Great for a cheap night out.Tiny little restaurant in a slightly shady looking part of Phily. Came there on a weekend evening, and man was this place packed!! The food, though for lack of a better word is as authentic as it gets straight from Indonesia! (and I've been in Indonesia). The beef rendang was absolutely fantastic! and so was everything else we tried. Would highly recommend it to anyone interested in trying out something new. However, gotta warn that this place is packed and it is TINNNY!! There were probably five tables that were stacked almost on top of each other, so don't expect this to be a romantic candlelit dinner, because it ain't. This is a place for the foodies!!this place doesn't even look like a restaurant from the outside - looks exactly like someone's home in the neighborhood. and the food tasted like it was homecooked as well, with a lot of love! first time having indonesian food and it was delicious.The food here is soooooo good. I came a little while ago and pigged out. I had a fish dish--can't remember exactly what. It's a little hole in the wall spot in South Philly but the food is excellent. Don't be turned off by the exterior or neighborhood because you'll miss out. The staff is also very nice.I'm right with Sara S!  Hardena has been great with the neighborhood group. They helped host a few fundraisers and even contributed themselves!  The food is so delicious- my faviorite has to be the vegetable fritter.  It is so informal, which has helped them keep their prices down (plastic forkes, water from a portable cooler).  The place may LOOKED like it is closed or even out of business, but don't be fooled- just walk right in!Who just had the best Indo food ? This girl! Other than the real deal in the motherland, this was the most authentic Indonesian food I've tasted here in the states...all the way from Philly! (Shout out to my bf for bringing it back and shout out to the store owner for packing it nicely for the 6 hr flight) 
Got the rendang, green collards, lamb satay with peanut sauce, also the tofu, egg, and fish in yellow curry sauce. Like I said, this place is legit. Their peanut sauce has sweet soy sauce with a hint of lime (from what I can smell) in it which is the right way to make this. Their hot sauce is hot, could be hotter, but it's hotter than most indo restaurant here. The rendang was great, wish it was spicier though! The yellow curry fish was just like what I remember eatinh in Indo. 
Wish this place was here in CA, you lucky Philadelphians! Go here for some awesome Indo food!I'm gonna go ahead and give this place 5 stars. Doesn't happen much, but this place is just so nice and charming and delicious. It's obviously not fine dining, or romantic, or even a safe neighborhood, but it just has so damn much home-style feel, flavor, and heart. It's very cheap too. A plate with 3 buffet style selections and rice is 7 dollars, tax included. 
The rice is great. Very sticky and has a buttery, almost sweet flavor to it. I would not be surprised to learn that they add coconut milk or something similar to it to give it that creamy flavor. For my choices I got mixed vegetables, beef, and fish curry. Everything had amazing flavor and texture. The fish maintained its firmness and the beef lost it's toughness. The vegetables had a beautiful curry type flavor and there is some fantastic hot sauce I opted to get on the side with a difficult to describe smokiness to it. The portions were generous and I just felt so good after the meal. That sense that you get after a great meal where you feel like you can just take on the world. I felt that. Full and just smiling from the flavors and pride cooked through the food. My friend got a coconut juice with shredded coconut in it that was amazing though according to him was too sweet when drank in its entirety.  
So yeah, just go there. I know I'll be back very soon. If you see me in there say hello. It's a very friendly type place.Oh Woereng, how I have missed you!
I don't give a 5-star review lightly, but Hardena deserves it. Not only is the food great (I'll get to that), it is exactly perfect at what it is - an Indonesian Warung (a casual dining establishment, often even a hut-like structure with an outdoor counter). I lived in Indonesia years ago, and still get cravings for the kind of tempeh in chili I discovered there (and still can't replicate) the subtle egg curries, the boyunt tofu. Indonesian food is not always as exciting as the cuisine of it's neighboring countries, but it's homey, full of fried things (gorengan!) and friendly with chilies. Most dishes are also traditionally served at room temperature, and sit out all day in covered dishes. So don't worry about the big batches of daily specials - all is as is should be. 
The decor is straight out of a Javanese kitchen/living room. The folks are smiling and helpful. For $6 you can get a giant plate of filling food that will transport you straight to Southeast Asia. Now, if I could just ensure that there were always deep fried tempeh cakes, traditionally served in Indonesia but the soto ayam (chicken soup) man who walks residential neighborhoods selling soup breakfast, I'd be in heaven. Ask for the real (hot) sambal behind the counter, and don't mind the styrofoam.This might be my favorite restaurant in the whole world! I am still floating on a rainbow cloud of sunshine flavors. I love it!Given the abundance of Indonesian spots around my neighborhood, decided it was worth trying this high-rated favorite. Truth-be-told, there's no surprise why there's a following at this restaurant.
Don't be fooled by the small interior, ethnic decorations, plastic table cloths and utensils - the food here speaks volumes! Most of the customers came for take-out, as did we.
Browsing through some of the pics before checking out this place, I had my eyes set on trying out the curry variations. My partner was definitely set on the beef rendang. We settled on the rice with two items ($8) of which you could add more items for an extra $2-3 charge depending on what you get. Since the entrees were a la carte, you have the risk of them running out - this happened in the case of the collard greens.
I chose my combo of tofu/egg curry and chicken curry. Curry was naturally bursting with depth and flavor - I wished they had drenched my rice in all that curry goodness. The chicken was super tender and came right off the bone. A bit light on the seasoning of the chicken but the curry more than made up for it. The tofu absorbed the curry flavor so each bit was very moist and flavorful. They definitely nailed it with the curry. Even the hot sauce was spectacular. 
Since this place is so close by, I'll definitely come back to try more! It's worth noting that this place also accepts credit, but it might have been for purchases above a certain amount.Super down-to-earth little place that serves authentic-tasting Indonesian food! They have a selection of dishes at their counter that isn't listed on the menu, so just ask what those dishes are - you get an option of rice + 2 dishes for $8, or rice + 3 dishes for an additional $2 (and then each additional dish on top of that comes at an extra cost, but I was stuffed after getting the first option so that's plenty). 
I was pleasantly surprised by the multiple vegetarian selections available, most made with tempeh; but they also have hearty, meat-based dishes like goat/fish/beef. I got the beef rendang and tempeh/veggie stew with rice - beef rendang was super flavorful and the sauce goes nicely with the rice, and the tempeh stew balances it out nicely (gotta get those veggies in). Also - definitely get the chili sauce with your dish! It's unlike any of the chili sauces I've had - it is super aromatic, and has layers of flavors on top of the spiciness. I thought the rice was a little on the mushy side, but the beef rendang sauce was so good that it didn't really affect the flavor at all. 
At the end of the meal, even though we were completely stuffed, we decided to get a serving of chicken sate ($10) - because why not? I would highly recommend it! It comes out piping hot, drenched with this amazingly thick and tasty peanut sauce with a side of pickled vegetables. The chicken was super tender, and the sauce would've gone perfectly with rice. We also got a dessert (mixed fruit in cocopandan milk). Super refreshing, pretty sweet, but the fruits were really interesting - they were all pretty exotic and I couldn't figure out what half of them were, but they were tasty.Wow I would give this place ten stars if I could! Lets put it this way, the food was so good my leftovers got eaten Cold for breakfast! I found this place on Yelp and had it bookmarked for a while, I should have tried it way sooner. Its in a small neighborhood with limited parking but totally worth it. We never had Indonesian before so I was going to follow review advice. The owner is a smiling, courteous man who explained every dish to us in detail. He wanted us to try his good and try we did. It is like cafeteria style and all comes with soft white rice. Make sure he gives you sauce from each dish. Every one different and delicious. Get the crispy vegetable fritter things to soak up all that great juice.
I got beef rendang (holy sh*t), the stewed vegetables (great texture and broth) and jackfruit. Never heard of jackfruit before, it looks like a stewed meat, has texture of a vegetable and sweet like a fruit. You have to try it, its very different, savory, sweet and makes your mouth happy.
 I loved everything I got and so did my partner. He tried the stewed potatoes, the beef stew and the egg and tofu. Now my man never eats tofu and he tore this up. I had to try it and wished I got some myself. Its light and delicious, I could eat it everyday. He ate his whole plate with nothing left. We really loved the food and the small mom and pop  kitchen atmosphere. We got 2 platters with 3 choices each, 2 fritters, and 2 drinks. Totaled 24.50..a damn steal for this amazing meal. I will go back every chance I get!!!I wanted to try something new since my fiance's sister was in town and yelp came shining through as usual. A bright yellow door opens up into a charming little "hole-in-the-wall" restaurant in south Philly. 
The owner saw our googly eyes skimming over all of the stewed magic before us, and asked us if it was our first time--it was. She described each dish for us and was incredibly patient while we took on the painstaking journey of deciding what we wanted. I chose the collard greens, eggplant, and stewed beef. I have a liking for piles of food over rice and this was perfect. The collard greens had a very light coconutty flavor, the rice was awesome, the beef was tender and flavorful, and the eggplant was on point. 
The people I dined with also got the lamb, vegetables with tempeh,and the spicy chicken. All of the meats were tender and well seasoned and each dish had it's own flavors that all seemed to melt together into one coherent plate. I loved it and will certainly return in the near future.
FYI-The hot sauce is delicious but is fairly spicy. I happen to like spicy foods, but if your not keen on the burn...maybe ask for it on the side or forgo it completely.I was so happy to find this restaurant in my neighborhood. I've been to Indonesia and didn't know of anywhere else to find food from there. 
It's vegetarian friendly which I appreciate, almost as much as the $6 a plate! I just wish they would do away with the styrofoam plates.You order and pick up at the counter. All the food already up and served as you order.  Low service. However, the staff was delightful.  The FOOD IS EXCELLENT.This place is magical.Indonesian food that is hearty and home style. Last time I went I also ended up getting a few soy drinks to go.This is literally a hole in the wall place. From the outside it looks worse than a corner deli. They don't even have a real sign board with restaurant's name. Just a banner hanging on the side. 
However if you can grab some courage to go in, you are in for a treat. This is an absolutely amazing restaurant. Amazing food!! As authentic to the real deal as it can get. It is also a really cute set up inside. I loved everything about this pace. Food, service, price, and everything else inside. 
Drink is really sweet and very different. Really hard to explain. They have 3 option and We order all of them. Wasn't a big fan. Just beware :) everything else is A++WOW! Seriously authentic and delicious! 
Hardena is a super casual and homey spot fit for foodies, groups and solo diners. They offer a wide range of authentic Indonesian eats, served hot-line/buffet style, which is great for those that appreciate visuals like myself! 
My friends and I ordered a number of dishes to go but if you dine there, I highly recommend ordering the sampler platter, which seems quite popular. It seems like each table had ordered one and we were jealous since ordering the platter to go wouldn't be the same! 
The goat curry, beef rendang, eggplant, collard greens and the rujak cingur salad were all delicious and big hits within our group. I, especially, really enjoyed the rujak cingur salad, which is a nice mix of greens served with sticky rice cakes, beef tendon, and veggie fritters served with a chunky peanut/shrimp dressing on the side. It was savory with a nice umami taste profile and all-around delicious!!I just love this place!  $7 for a place of rice with three entrees!!  The fish curry is awesome!  Really fishy and delicious.  I don't think I've had anything here that I didn't like. It is served cafeteria style - you pick your three entrees and the woman behind the counter puts it on a plate for you.  Some of the dishes are spicy and there are extra hot sauces on the table.  It's definitely worth a trip to Point Breeze to try this place out.The best Indonesian restaurant.  Remind me of my grandmother's cooking.  So happy today.All of the descriptive reviews previously posted are completely true. The food here is SO GOOD.
Go. Just go.
You won't be sorry.The best Indonesian food this side of the Pacific! Very authentic, homestyle Surabayan food. You can order off a small menu (satay, soto ayam and a bunch of other favorites) but I strongly prefer the cafeteria style set up of rice and your choice of side dishes.  
Be sure to try the beef rendang (beef stewed in coconut milk). Saturdays are also worth a visit as that is the only day they serve jackfruit curry, which is absolutely the best. They have some Indonesian drinks and treats as well. This little place is a bit off the beaten path but completely worth the trip.I want to preface this by saying that I ordered way too much take out from this place, but it was my first time there and I NEEDED to try everything. By far, the rendang was my favorite, but that's a given. It's a regular crow pleaser. The meat is tender, flavorful and falls apart. The chicken sate was so good that I forgot it was even chicken. As for the garlic krupuk, I wish I got more than 2 orders. I also got an egg and tofu curry dish that reminded me a lot of Penang curry, but with less coconut milk. Needless to say, that too was VERY good. I also got the eggplant because I'm clearly a glutton for punishment. That was yum yum yum. I'll be honest, I only stopped ordering because there was only one employee working behind the counter and a line was starting behind me. Therefore, I didn't get a chance to explore dessert options. Lastly, the hot sauce is BOMB DOT COM. It's tasty and spicy. And you can buy it by the carton. The side of rice is also very good. It's light and fluffy with just enough starch to soak up all the delicious food juices. 
As for the environment, this place is quaint, but tidy. You can eat there or order take out. Most of the food is already prepared and stays warmed in trays. It is served to order. As far as first experiences go, this was an overall win. I even got a very picky eater to get on board with this grub. Best part, leftovers. I will absolutely be going back.I'm Indonesian and grew up in the Netherlands.  Between my dad's homecooking and rijsttafel in Holland, I've had my share of Indo food.  This place is legit.  I love all of their dishes and the people are super nice.
Highly recommended!So far, best Indonesian place in town and one of the best flat out restaurants in South philly. Always interesting and the platter style menu gives you a great variety. The house made hot sauce is a must. If you go on the weekends try the jackfruit curry. The tempeh is always fresh made. One thing to not avoid but maybe have after you've tried everything else is the egg curry (flavors great as it is with everything but the eggs are over cooked). The owning and cooking family is super friendly. If you live here you have to try it, if you're visiting probably try it!I love this place. It's an unpretentious neighborhood staple. You can't go wrong with anything.This place is highly overrated. The food's pretty authentic & good, but def not worth 4 1/2 stars.
For $7sh you can get 3 entrees (2 meat & 1 veggie) that comes with rice. The food's already pre-made, all sitting in these heated pans so you can pick & choose what you want.  Even though they seem to be sitting out there for awhile, they seem decently fresh, even the fried stuff.
I got Beef Rendang & Gulai for my meat entrees. They're pretty good, especially the Rendang. For my veggie entree, i got Bakwan. It's not bad & pretty fresh for a fried food.
Lamb Satay & Chicken Satay ($8) - The satays're pretty good. It's a tad bit sweet, but I'd get them again. For additional $2, you can get some Lontong (rice cake) to go with the satay.
Es Teler - Horrible, way too sweet & the fruits they use are prob canned fruits. It's not supposed to taste like this at all.
Overall: This place's hidden & looks like it's gonna collapse any minute lol... Parking's extremely hard to find because the neighborhood's very narrow. Even though they're 1 of the better Indonesian restaurants I've had in the US, I still think they're overrated. Being an Indonesian myself, I haven't found a single good Indonesian restaurant in the US yet, which's a shame. I wouldn't mind coming here if I live closeby, however I would never drive 3 1/2 hours to eat here again.     **3 1/2 stars overall**The food here is incredibly good and the prices are on point. The owner is friendly and explains the food to you if you're new to the joint. The five stars are well earned. Only thing is I wish it were closer to center city.Delicious food, huge portion, amazing deal, great service. Definitely will be back!!!I came here twice. The first time, I was excited to try this place because it seemed inexpensive and I hadn't experienced much Indonesian food. We ordered solely from the hot bar, and the food was heavy and plentiful enough that we were able to split our order with leftovers. The older woman working there was super friendly.
However, the second time I felt like there were some things that made me not want to return again. I felt like my interaction with the younger woman at the register was a bit off, even though I was being friendly. I tipped because I usually do, even if I don't expect much service, but it left a bitter taste in my mouth when I felt I had come on a bad day. A sold out item only revealed upon minutes of deliberation while I was the only customer in line, and a brief wave of acknowledgement and shout-out of my order after I tipped - for what service? I was mid-conversation when she called it out, no name and just the name of my order, and if I hadn't noticed that nobody else stood up the food would have just sat there at the counter, waiting for me to pick up. I get that there's no wait-staff, but what made me feel like a customer taken for granted was the general disconnect and other random little things that added up to a lack of hospitality that day.
Food-wise, I was impressed the first time I went. Since we split the hot bar order, it was a cheap meal that I enjoyed with its unfamiliar flavors. The second time ordering different items, I realized there were many items that seemed over-priced. $10 for 3 small skewers of chicken, with an unremarkable peanut sauce. Another dish, served cold with rice cakes and a drizzle of the same peanut sauce, lacking in flavor and needing a heavier dose of some other flavors. Many dishes were heavily reliant on fried bits and fritters. All-in-all, and also given that I live in a different neighborhood of Philly, it'll be a lot harder for me to return.This great little place used to be a poorly kept secret. The service is warm. The food is absolutely delicious. The room is quirky and inviting. The word is out. If you haven't been here... go and meet the Widjojo family.It was our first visit here even though we drive to Philly once every few months to go to our fav Indo store in the neighborhood. 
This is a very small eatery but very clean. We ordered Gado-gado and lamb satay. They were both very good and fulfilled my cravings. 
They also sell the sambal terasi that they serve with their dishes. It is made in house. It's $14 for a big container which will last a while. A bit expensive but it's the best I have ever tasted
Next time I come back I'm going to try the Es cendolI really wish I knew this place was closed on Tuesdays and I wish I knew that Hicks goes north then south then north then south but despite these few hiccups, I finally made it to Hardena on a Saturday afternoon.  It was well worth it.  I agree with other reviewers, the place seems closed but it isn't.  There are few sketchy characters around the area but don't let that sway you because the food is awesome.  It would take a cupboard full of spices, lots of dirty pots and pans, and time to cook the yummy food that awaits you behind the glass in the glorified eat-in-kitchen/restaurant.  I'm not sure the names of the dishes but the friendly lady behind the counter will tell you what everything is and what is in it.  The lady meets you at the counter and, with a Styrofoam plate half full of coconut sticky rice, asks you want you want.  After giving you descriptions of each, she fills your plate with 4 items plus one of the fried fish/seafood cakes.  We had two of these plates plus lamb satay.  Everything we had was great and some items were a little spicy, but nothing too spicy.  She also offers you hot sauce, which is ground chillies. This is pretty spicy but you can get it on the side.  We got all of this and two bottles of water for $20.  What a deal!  We'll definitely go back.Like a fast food place, have a plenty of choices, the lamb and goat is really tender, but tempeh is too salty! Price is decent thoughThis was my first time eating here. It's close by so I will opt to take out next time as there is limited seating. The food is good with substantial servings! The woman working there kindly explained each and every dish and directed me to those that were vegan and nut free. I look forward to takeout as three dishes plus rice could easily be a couple meals although it was easy to clear the plate!Incredible food, excellent customer service. Best restaurant in Philly, hands down.Literal hole in the wall in South Philly that makes you feel like you've literally come home to the best food ever! I think it's run by a family and everything just tastes so home-cooked it's amazing. Came here on a Saturday early afternoon after an intense HIIT class workout so my 3 friends and I were starving. This place did not disappoint. (when I say hole in the wall, I mean it, you might miss the signage, it's like just one dinky sign on the side before you walk in)
The lady serving is really good about explaining all the dishes when you get there. For less than $10, you can get a plate that has rice and 2 of the dishes (if it's 2 meats I think it costs a little more)
My order: rice with the beef stew (highly recommended by my friend who lives in Philly) and the eggplant dish. My 3 friends and I also shared an order of the chicken sate (it's dipped in peanut sauce and IT IS AMAZING).
Pros:
- DELICIOUS FOOD FOR A REASONABLE PRICE $$$
- Takes credit cards
- Really great service
- Self bus
- homey feel
The only "con" would be maybe there's awkward sitting space, but it really didn't bother me, it's a home-like environment and I felt like my friends and I were just eating in the lady's house and I loved it. Also the food was so filling after a good workout and totally worth the money. Everything was delicious I had to keep myself from scarfing.Hardena is probably the best place I've been referred to since I've lived in this 'hood.  At first I was skeptical. I had pretty much no idea what I was ordering, I just said "vegetarian."  Oh. My. God. AMAZING!  6 bucks for a huge plate of deliciousness!
I came back with a couple of girlfriends and two bottles of wine.  It doesn't advertise as a BYOB, but nobody seemed to mind us pouring wine into our paper cups.  My girlfriends raved, everyone who has ever been here has raved. Is there really any other motivation you need to try it out??I'm half Indonesian and this place tasted almost as good as home-cooking. The portions are generous and flavors are on point! Absolutely loved the Beef Rendang and Tempeh Tofu topping. My wife was also raving about the Eggplant dish. 
For first-timers, I HIGHLY recommend the beef rendang. One bite of that made me feel nostalgic for home. Oh and get the homemade chili sauce. 
Definitely making weekly visits here going forward!I thrive on hole in the wall establishments like these, but even I was very skeptical when dragged here by a friend. It seems to be a pretty isolated location and had barred windows, so you can see where I could be coming from. The food though was AWESOME. Large portions. Very affordable. Sensational tastes. Yum Yum Yum. 
You pick any three dishes and your total comes to $7. Beef rendang. Lamb Stew!The women behind the counter think my roommate and I are sisters, which always cracks me up. It also helps that Hardena is around the corner, so if I have $6 laying around and I don't want to cook, I know where to go. I'm not really sure what the Indonesian names for the foods are, but I know which ones I like, and there's always a ton of fake meat and veggie dishes to choose from. I pretty much constantly crave their curried tofu and hard boiled eggs, and the mixed veg is really soft and in this awesome sauce that I think has coconut in it. Sometimes the tempeh can be a bit chewy, but the sweet curry sauces make up for it. For an extra dollar you can get a giant vegetable fritter, and be sure to load up on the super spicy homemade hot sauce. I don't eat a ton so a meal from Hardena is like two or three meals for me, easily. The food's always delicious and there's tons of it - aside from the fact that they close at 8pm, what's not to like?