What a yummy little meal. It was pouring rain so we didn't get the outside ambiance but that's ok. Food and service more than made up for that!! Beet salad was delicious. Burger was great and so was the lemon bar for dessert. That lemon bar thwarted my big post-dinner ice cream plans but it was so worth it!!!Beautiful place! Refreshing/creative cocktail menu.. We didn't get food but the service at the bar was excellent!We enjoyed the outdoor seating.  Our menu choices were favorful. Heirloom toast, squash salad spring salad.Great ambiance! The food was spiced in a way that told me someone thought it was a great idea but never actually tastes any of it to properly calibrate the spices and harmonize things. And the no happy hr thing for a center city restaurant is pretty sad.Great new spot, as you can tell because there's always a wait for a table. I've been to Harper's Garden twice, once for a light dinner and drinks (sitting inside) and once for lunch (sitting outside on huge patio). 
1st visit: We sat INSIDE for light dinner. The service was fantastic, although at the very end he was kind of slow to bring the check, but overall great throughout the entire night. The cocktails were great, and the beer choices were OK, would like to see some better craft options considering the Philly and Tria reputation for great beer. Our small bites of food were great; I loved the pulled MOZZARELLA with fig, sooo delicious. The feta TOAST and SAUSAGE FLATBREAD were also delicious, although small portions for the price tag. The inside dining area got a tad loud for my liking, voices were echoing loud and it was hard to talk to my friends across the table from me. The 4 of us got 3 drinks each, and 1 small plate of food, and our bill was almost $300. 
2nd visit: We sat OUTSIDE on the massive, gorgeous outdoor patio. There were 7 of us, on lunch break from the office. The patio is great for conversations with coworkers, because inside was too loud. But the patio got really hot toward the end of our meal, the sun shifted and there wasn't much shade, so we were roasting in our business clothes. Still, it was a beautiful setting for lunch. Their patio is so pretty and well decorated. This visit, the service was super slow. The food itself took nearly 45 minutes to reach our table from the time we ordered, and the server disappeared at the end of the meal when we needed the check. We were 30 minutes late to our office after lunch break. The food was very good (once we finally got it!), I had the SWORDFISH ($20), which I thought was worth the money and very tasty. The portion size was perfect, unlike some of their other plates which are pretty small. The CARROTS Appetizer was amazing! Must try that again, the sauce was delicious. The burger didn't look very big or juicy, but my coworkers ordered that so I don't know how it tasted. For all the food we ordered, I expected a huge bill, but it was only $160 for 7 people (no drinks). 
Moral of the story: Come here for the best outdoor patio around. Great food, but relatively small plates, so don't come starving or you'll over-order and be broke. Also watch the drink prices, or stick to non-alcoholic, because drinks are not cheap. Best advice: Make a reservation! They are always busy.Decided to stop by here after a long weekend retreat. In short, food and service was exceptional. We were promptly greeted and seated at our table. If was a beautiful day with a slight breeze and their outdoor area was well kept and relaxing. The pergola and plants were easy on the eyes and the bulb wire lighting looked beautiful as the night drew near.
We ordered about it 6 or 7 plates to share between the 3 of us and we all were satisfied at the end. Presentation, taste and temperature were just right. Our server was attentive and kind and she took care of us well throughout the duration of our stay.I discovered this place while running some errands during my lunch break. The outside seating area is what caught my attention. A few weeks later, I was finally able to come here with some friends to try it out. The restaurant is immediately inviting. The light fixtures and plants in the outside seating create a garden patio feel, which is perfect for summer brunch! The inside decor is just as chic. We waited at the inside bar for about 5 minutes until we were seated at a table outside. After waiting inside though, I feel like you can't go wrong wherever you sit as the entire restaurant is gorgeous. Moving on to the food.
I ordered from the brunch menu. I started out with a Strawberry Swing from the brunch cocktail section of the menu. It was a mixture of vodka, sparkling rosé, lemon and strawberries. It was perfect for a hot summer's day. I ended up ordering a second round! For my entree, I ordered the Sunny-Side Eggs. It was topped with cheese and served with grilled bread that was toasted to perfection. 
My overall experience was enjoyable. I would absolutely come back here. There's only a couple, very minor things I would note: 1)The entree serving size is smaller than expected 2) Our waitress had to check with the chef for any entree modifications. Even if it was a minor change such as excluding an ingredient from the dish. Other than that, I would say this place is a perfect addition to the Philly food scene.I'm a fan!  Decor and ambience at this place is great.  We lucked out with outdoor seating on a bearable summer night, but the indoor seating looked inviting too.  Food and drink menu are legit.  Not cheap, but not overly expensive.  It was guys night out and we ordered a ton of Old fashions.  They were not weak and totally got the job done.  From all the dishes we ordered, the burger was phenomenal.  The rest of the apps and entrees were delicious as well.  Service was fantastic and you could see the floor managers making their rounds to make sure things were in order.  It's new and trendy spot that didn't disappoint.  Rarely am I blown away by a first experience at a new restaurant, but this is an exception.  I'm game for another night at this amazing place!Came here for lunch with some coworkers after we walked past the cute exterior and it did not disappoint! While we had to sit inside due to rain, I would recommend trying to sit outside if that's possible, the garden feel adds to the charm of the space. However make sure you make a reservation, this place fills up VERY quickly. 
For lunch, I split the mushroom flatbread and the frisée salad with a coworker. The frisée salad was good, but I was not overly crazy about the olive vinaigrette. However, I can not stop thinking about the mushroom flatbread!! I genuinely think this was one of the best dishes I've had in a very long time - both of us who split the flatbread agreed! Another coworker enjoyed his burger so much he sent me the picture to include in the review.Had a fantastic lunch here, sitting outside on a sunny, summer afternoon.  We shared a number of small plated - the jerk plantain, mozzarella with figs, ricotta toast, spring salad and smoked gnocchi.  All of the dishes were great, with subtle blends of flavors and use of fresh herbs.  The gnocchi is a definite recommendation.  For dessert we had the turmeric frozen custard, which was great - really imaginative and served with pieces of grilled mango and pineapple.(to the tune of "Dirty Little Secret" by The All-American Rejects)
Going indoors just feels wrong
When the sun is out this long
I scan around a time or two
Then I decided on you.
Tell me you'll get a happy hour
Price point can, at times, make me sour
But you are the only place I want to go....
Wish you were still kept a little secret 
(just a little secret)
But everyone knows and it's hard to keep this one kept
(Can't keep you a secret, long line is a safe bet)
Not a little secret.
But they all know.
When work ends a bit before five
Such an exciting surprise
There's no line for patio
Round of Aperols, you know!
Light bites, so good but they're not cheap
On the carrots, you shouldn't sleep
Be warned, that line it's quickly going to grow....
Wish you were still kept a little secret 
(just a little secret)
But everyone knows and it's hard to keep this one kept
(Can't keep you a secret, long line is a safe bet)
Not a little secret.
But they all know.
Y'all - I'd love to say this is Philly's best kept secret, but the secret got out the second the sun peeked past the clouds. This place is liked the sexy older sister of most of the beer gardens in the city. Instead of drafts, go for a crisp cocktail. Instead of cheese curds, dig into a white tuna crudo. The patio is definitely a spot to see and be seen, and the outfits reflect it - lots of sundresses, suits, and shades. But the food is delicious, the drinks are refreshing, and they were updating the chairs to higher quality as I was sitting there. It was divine. 
That said, for one drink each and two (very) light bites (and a sparkling water - heads up, it's $6/bottle so when they offer you still or sparkling, don't think they're both complimentary) we spent over $50. If you can nab a spot, get a cocktail and enjoy the sunset. However, don't be surprised if you flex your wallet a bit more than you would at most of the other outdoor gardens.Came here for brunch on a Saturday. The outdoor seating was amazing and the atmosphere was beautiful for being in the heart of the city. The staff was very nice and personable and provided great service. I had the breakfast bowl, French toast, and the strawberry swing brunch cocktail all of which were delicious and beautifully presented. My favorite part of the meal was definitely the French toast which had an espresso whipped cream with it which was unique and very tasty.Cheese board has some nasty cheese, drinks expensive but good. Old people go here so that's a plus. Cheese gave my girlfriend really bad stomach pains and she shit all over the place. It's fine though, will come back.I have been here twice in the last few weeks and it was perfect both times and consistent. Amazing flavor in the food, great cocktails and amazing service. Will visit often.Had an amazing time. Service was excellent food was exciting and the flavor was amazing. Atmosphere was delightful. Fabulous dining experienceNice for lunch on a sunny day. I had the crab spaghetti which was listed under their "larger portions" option. It was the exact opposite. I finished it 3 bites and left me to wonder what a small option would look like if they offered it. Although it was tasty, it was definitely overpriced for the portion that they served at $20. I'd go back and have the burger next time. I had a bite of it and that was delicious.Harpers Garden is such a great new addition to the city! I popped in with 4 friends on a Friday with no reservation, and we were seated immediately. The drinks were great. I got one with cucumber and jalapeño that was so refreshing and light. I also got the tuna crudo with the roasted potatoes. Everything was super tasty. Note it's priced as everything else in Rittenhouse, expensive. 2 drinks and 2 small plates cost me $50. Regardless it was a great time, and I'll probably return soon.1. Very beautiful! What the kids would call very "instagram-able". Not sure if that's actually the right spelling / word.
2. Great cocktails! We had the Go All the Way (the fav)!Electric Relaxation, and 18th St Heat. 
3. We only had snacks here as we had dinner reservations after. We got the Herbed Rosti Fries and Fried Plantain Chips. Both were amazing and priced well.
4. They have indoor and outdoor space. Beautiful decor everywhere. I felt like they take notice to all the small details. 
5. We had top notch service! Very friendly waitstaff, not a single complaint.
6. Overall, great new spot right in the heart of Center City, Philly. Perfect for a date or girls day / night. Would recommend to friends.I cannot more highly recommend Harper's Garden, which proved itself to be the perfect spot to host an after-work social with colleagues.  The venue is chic, the food is fabulous and the service is tremendous. Laura Riley and Nick Longobardi were a great pleasure to work with and accommodating of our party's every need, from securing a spacious outdoor area on the gorgeously constructed patio to arranging a delicious selection of passed hors d'oeuvres. Most importantly, the cocktails were always flowing and nothing was ever too much trouble.  I am very excited for this new addition just around the corner from my office, and am confident Harper's Garden will be seeing much more of my colleagues and I!Great food, service and atmosphere.  Stopped for lunch on a July Friday and was blown away.  The drinks were excellent.  For food, my wife and I split the heirloom carrots, smashed potatoes with goat cheese, gnocchi and cod sandwich.  All were great.  The Cod was a big surprise and was perfectly balanced.  For desert we split the lemon bar on the suggestion of our waitress.  It was perfect.  Highly recommend and we will return oftenGreat drinks selection, awesome outdoor seating. Looking forward to their happy hour soon!Seated at 2:55, given menus, drink order taken. Drinks delivered. "Take your time. I'll be back in a few minutes."  Comes back at 3:00, drops two bar menus on the table and says "we stop serving off the main menu at 3:00".  Seriously?  No forewarning. No apology. Would be 1 star except I dropped a knife and another server rushed over to replace it with a smile.  Decor and ambiance is nice and food was reasonably good. Just not customer focused. Bad first impression.Great, unique food. Wonderful atmosphere. Great service. Philly, you're lucky to have this place!!! So glad we visited. My wife had the beets and carrots and almost cried at how good it was. Ravioli, fried plantains, tuna crudo - very refreshing- and the mushroom flatbread were all superb.Lovely place and delicious food! I got there a bit after 5:30p on a Saturday, so no crowd. Servers were very attentive and food was served within 10min of ordering. Both mozzarella cheese dish and spring salad are surprisingly rich in flavor but also very refreshing! It's the perfect size for one person and the bill was just under $20. I'll definitely come back in the future!Beautifully prepared food with creative flavors. Lovely waitstaff and great service, ambiance.Great atmosphere, great servers and delicious food! Would definitely recommend. Make a reservation though, it does get crowded. Food is tapas style, so shared plates or small individual, but all delicious!The baby potatoes are the best I've ever had. Salads are amazing! You would think it's a salad you know it's not rocket science but they really put thought into their food to make it different. The ambiance is amazing the outdoor garden makes you feel like you're not in the middle of a bunch of high rises. It's a rustic/industrial style which I love. Reminds me a lot of Talula's Garden.Absolutely love the vibe and decor of this place. They have the most amazing chandeliers. This will end up being my go to spot for happy hour. 
- Reservation is a must. We made reservations for 6:30 for outdoors and still ended up waiting 45 minutes for our table. (Reason why I'm giving this a 4 star instead of 5). It could possibly because they were having a large private outdoor party. While waiting, we just grabbed few cocktails at the bar. I loved the "all the way in" cocktail. It's gin with raspberry. I never had gin mixed with any fruit flavors so it was nice to try something different. 
- Dinner is tapas style, so everything on their menu is all small portions. Hence, why I wouldn't come here for dinner and will strictly stick to happy hours. 
We started off with ordering some cheese, and it wasn't anything special. It was typical 5 different types of cheeses with different textures. Then we started off with the fries, which aren't typical fries. These are stuffed deep fried fries, served it stacked up in layers. It comes with some dipping sauce which was nice. I loved the fries the most here. 
I also tried some gnocchi, which was a bit different than the typical gnocchi I had before. The gnocchi was browned and served with white sauce with tint of raspberry sauce. I never had my gnocchi sweet. But I really did like the fact that they pan seared the gnocchi to  make it brown and crispy. 
I'll definitely return back here for happy hour drinks and quick bites and I'd definitely try different snacks next time.Very Good! I had the cod Bahn Mi, tasted very fresh and the fish was flakey and delicious. The only reason It's not 5 stars was because the server was a little rude. Food alone they'd get 5 stars. Highly recommend!Wonderful beautiful spot in Center City!  We went for a coworker celebration lunch.  The menu has some unique items with a very global feel. The decor and atmosphere is calming and beautiful. We tried the lamb meat balls and fresh mozzarella as appetizers - both were great, very fresh. I ordered the fried cod bahn mi. (Sandwich). It was so yummy. The bread used was a little hard and chewy but it tasted so good. Buttery and delicious. The sauce on this sandwich was also perfect. The cod the fried beer batter style and the fish was tender and flaky.  I will definitely be back for cocktails and dinner.Stop in here for a couple of drinks with my friends. Ambience was nice and loved the decor inside and out. The outside has a beautiful garden like atmosphere. Unfortunately, I was unable to try anything off the menu. However, my sangria was delightful.We stopped in for a quick drink on our way to start the night.  It was too gorgeous out to sit at the inside bar so we opted to stand at a cocktail pillar. I loved the outside area- it was inviting and comfortable and open all at the same time. The best view was when you looked up. 
Service was great and the drink options were good although just a bit pricey.  We glanced at the menu and it looked pretty good. We enjoyed the service and decor so much we would definitely return to eat.Went on the first night of their soft opening and was really impressed. Obviously, its visually appealing, but the food and service were also really food. I enjoyed the homemade mozz, the meatballs, the muffeletta, and the fish with ramp hushpuppies. This place was basically designed to impress the pants off your date.Love this place! The food was great, as well as the drinks. There's not one negative thing I could say about this new little addition to the city! I can't wait to go back!We visited Harper's Garden for a late dinner after a long drive. We could not have been more impressed with our meal! Their drink menu is extensive and both the drinks we had were delicious. The food was amazing as well. We tried the pea and leek ravioli, lamb meatballs, roasted carrots with hummus, and the baby potatoes which were all small plates. This was a great shareable dinner between the two of us and we were very impressed by the dishes. We also got the homemade lemon bar with lavender custard for dessert which was well-done. If we lived in Philly we would come back for sure! Highly recommend.This place is pretty awesome. My buddy is in from Sacramento so we decided to try out this new spot. Super good looking crowd and staff which is always nice...  It was super busy but managed to get a seat inside..wanted outside but the way the dining room windows open up, it still felt like we were outside, but with ac!!! The food was beyond expected.. Rosti Fries are heaven sent .. I have never ordered a salad as a meal in my life but the Grilled Frisée salad was in the large plates and I was feeling like I needed some greens in my life so I gave it a shot. I was not a disappointed.... a salad that more than satisfied.. just found my new summertime salad.. getting ready to leave they were removing a table in the corner of the room for a jazz band that was gonna perform later tonight.. I think I may have to swing by later and check it out.. service was friendly , fast , and on point.. and it was packed!!!! Hats off to the ones in charge, you got a proper staff in place for the volume....We recently held a work event at Harper's Garden.  It was a great success and very popular with everyone!  I worked with Nick Longobardi on planning the event he was fantastic, he made the whole process so easy.  Whatever I suggested to Nick he took into consideration and tried to accommodate all of our last minute requests as best as he could. The food, service and venue was fantastic, and everyone had a great time! I really enjoyed working with Nick and would recommend Harper's Garden to anyone!I visited Harpers Garden for a lite bite to eat. I ordered the lunch menu cheese with olives and an Aperol spritz. The food was delicious and the patio was amazing. Would totally recommend for sitting outside with great ambiance.This is a very nice bar! I saw this place while walking home and decided to go in for drinks with a friend. I tried a few small plates and they were great!  The menu is small but perfect! Drinks were perfect!!! I had a couple but forgot to take picsss‍I'm a little late to the party - but I came during one of it's opening days and had a blast. The day was nice and sunny, which made the outdoor seating even more enjoyable. In fact, I think their porch is much better than the inside. All being said, we got a few drinks (maybe a few too many), and shared two of the flatbreads. We got the crumbled sausage flatbread, which was delicious and savory, the fries, which was a great snack, and the mushroom flatbread, which was a nice foil to the sausage. I think this is a great place to spend the evening in open-air Philadelphia under fairy lights and have great conversation with friends with beers in hand.Waiting for another reservation, we decided to stop by Harper's Garden to check it out.  Sadly, it opened a few weeks ago, rather than being there when we were at a wedding down the street a year or so ago.  It would have been so nice to hang out there, right down the street from out hotel.  
We hung out at the bar for a drink, but the cocktail selections seemed a bit underwhelming.  I did find a nice jalapeño drink, 18th street heat, that had a nice kick to it.  The staff were friendly and even offered us a suggestion at the restaurant we were going to for dinner.  There were a few menu items that looked interesting to us and the bartenders did a great job discussing the concepts to us.  We'll definitely get out here for dinner and to sit outside one night.  Maybe later in the summer, when it starts to get a bit darker earlier, to see the nice lights there.Awesome flavors and food presentation. Great options for low carb folks. Really enjoyed the lamb meatballs, mozzarella w figs and swordfish w fried green tomatoes. Plus a knowledgeable  waitress. I will be back.What a great experience, both the food and atmosphere made for a great evening.  My wife and I had a fantastic meal, but the highlights were the Pea and Leek Ravioli, good use of acid in this one, and the Zatar Swordfish, perfectly cooked with an interesting dehydrated watermelon garnish that added a sweet element to the dish that was unexpected.  The place was packed and loud in a good way, it felt like we were at a really nice party!Very nice venue.  Rock soundtrack.  Angelo, our server, was on top of everything.  Good flavors.  A bright tasty variety of small plates.We tried this restaurant based on Yelp reviews, and the food lived up to our expectations. Many choices of tapas, some with the Mediterranean flavor. All were delicious, reasonably priced, and some wear and usually now to wish that we could try more and 4-5 tapas. We ate in the outside garden and the lighting and wicker sculptures were beautiful. I would definitely try it again if I were back in Philadelphia. My only two objections are that it is very loud - Don't expect to have a conversation with the person at the table with you! The tables are too small to accommodate more than 2 tapas plates, and they are placed too close together for even a petite teenager to move between them when attempting to sit or exitI wanted to love this place. Coming from Long Island, NY I felt this would be right up our alley. I was less than impressed with the way the bartender helped us. Having an old fashioned on the menu they should be able to execute it with quality. This is not the response we received when ordering this drink. It was lackluster with its "knob creek" that was displayed on the shelf as well as what is should be mixed with as per the menu  and a separate bottle with no label that was poured into the drink. The whole thing felt cheap and less than what was described. As much as we wanted to love this venue it is not on our list of places to return to.Overall a good experience! The outside is very cute and welcoming. We dined inside, upstairs. It was a tad loud I felt but not much of a problem. The food was quite good- my husband had the snapper and loved it. I had the bahn mi and also really enjoyed it. Portions of the main course are small so you will need to order appetizers (portions of which are small too). We were not offered a dessert menu so I'm not sure if there just isn't one? 
I would go back I think. It won't be one of my staples but I would recommend it to others to try!First place in Philly we went that was almost seamlessly accessible. There is a ramp. It is an acceptable grade. No surprises inside. Only drawback was we could not get to hostess once we were at top of ramp. A waiter got her attention and we were seated pretty quickly. So a little glitch but a tickle foul. Food was tasty, plentiful and reasonably priced. They put some thought in the menu. Music was a little loud and thus, the 4 instead of 5 stars.Firstly, we sat at the bar tables because they were bigger and the chairs had backs. My only criticism is the inside dining tables were small for a tapas establishment . 
The beer selection is hearty but not overwhelming. They have a few signature drinks which I regret not trying. 
We ordered the ricotta toast and swordfish. Amazing. The swordfish platter was not big but well worth the price. It was tender, succulent pieces of swordfish; browned and served with a butter sauce and fried green tomatoes. AMAZING 
The ricotta toast was great, a creamy ricotta spread on top of a rye hearty bread- served with a salad that had tiny kernels of popcorn. 
We shared the lavender ice cream and lemon bar- great!! Enough for 3-4 to share for dessert. 
Our waiter was great, but if you sit at the bar tables; you have to walk up to bar and order. The outside dining looked awesome, beautiful lights.Loved this place!  The ambience and decor is like a rustic secret garden. The food and service were great too. We got a bunch of tiny plates to share. The white tuna crudo was probably my favorite. The tuna was fresh and well balanced. The hand pulled mozzarella was delicious and the added figs was a nice touch. The lamb meatballs were perfectly cooked and not at all dry. We also got the beets with the honey yogurt and the carrots and hummus. They also have a nice selection of wine and cocktails. We will definitely be back!Really nice outside seating area. Service was very good. All dishes came out hot and within a reasonable time.  The table need some type of place mate or coaster for the drinks.  The tables are a little wet from the drinks.  All and all a pleasant experience even with the fire alarms going off.  I would recommend this Garden for everyone! You can't go wrong!Found this new place looking out of our hotel window at Sonesta after check in.
Walked across the street to a nice decorated restaurant with outdoor veranda seating. Enjoyed fresh oysters and bourbon old fashioned to start. We both ordered the burger and it was the BEST burger we have had in a long time. Our server was excellent and very friendly. Will definitely return againI stopped by Harper's Garden for lunch Friday afternoon and I had the nicest time. I had a glass of Chardonnay and the 3 cheese cheeseboard to start then I had the heirloom squash salad and it was delicious! Would highly recommend for any time of day, drinks and food!So, the place seems fairly new and we did come around midnight hoping that the place and service was as good as the reviews say they were. Now maybe we came to expect too much late at night. However, if there is one thing I despise is bad customer service. First, when we got to the entrance, ok very nice decor and ambiance with the outside seating in a garden style. Four stars. However, no one came to see us. Ok, fine. No hostess there at this time. Understandable. Next, we made the decision to go to the bar area where again there was no hostess, which I can understand again since it was very late. Then, things started to get weird and we got antsy as I looked at the two bartenders and the waiter who looked at me.  What happened next really ticked me off. The waiter looks at me again with two drinks in his hand to serve some people already there, comes back and looks at me again, picks up another person's drink and goes to another table without even acknowledging me there waiting with my fiancé. Three stars. Next, the waiter then comes back and looks at me once more without saying anything so I finally ask, "Is your kitchen still open?" Waiter responds, "no it closed at 10." Well, thanks guy and bartenders for telling us that after making us wait for nearly 10-15 minutes. I cannot stand pretentious people. Two stars. Maybe we need to revisit much earlier and hopefully I can write a better one. Thanks for ruining our night though. Appreciate it.Nice selection of beer. Inside and outside seating available. A stones throw from Rittenhouse. Service was fantastic at the bar, Miles was very attentive and offered great recommendations. Loved the cheese board appetizer. Can not wait to go back and sample some different food and beer.My girlfriends (10 of us) and I had the best time here! Craft cocktails (all delicious), loved the food (my favorites were the beets and the cheese board), and the setting was so fun - we started with drinks inside at the bar, and then ate outside, which had the most beautiful decor. We loved it here and I'll be returning for the beet salad, cheese board and cocktails soon!About 10 minutes into sitting down, the waitress accidentally knocked a glass of rose over my hair and down my back. I understand that accidents happen and I wasn't mad. However, when we got our bill nothing was comped to make up for this mistake. We talked to a manager who acted like we were making this up to get free drinks and/or food. He was extremely snarky and condescending when he brought back our revised bill on which we were comped the drink that was spilled. I'm not upset about the initial spill; I was upset that the waitress didn't own up to her mistake to her manager and that the manager was so rude about it. It's a shame because we all really enjoyed our food but none of our group plans on coming back.This was our third time here. The other two were better. Had the crab spaghetti but no crab. The waiter said the sous chef sometimes forgets the crab. Ok but never heard of that. It's one of their signature dishes and it was missing one of the main ingredients. Carrots and potatoes were very tasty although the potato dish was way too small.Harper's Garden has a lovely patio on which to dine on a fall day: a nice change from sidewalk tables, which are always congested.
Greatly enjoyed the Pastrami on Rye (house smoked prime brisket, red cabbage kraut, Jewish rye), though I'd note it's a messy sandwich to eat due to the amount of brisket included on the rye--totally worth it!
My fellow diner enjoyed The 'Merica Burger (double stacked brisket blend, cooper cheese, pickles, minced onion, dijon, ketchup, milk bread bun), particularly mentioning the dijon, which was "refreshing."Started as a good night with a few friends. Service wasn't awful though at the end of the night (which wasn't even 'insight) we'd experienced 3 attempts to close us out even though the restaurant wasn't full. 
That's not why I'm giving the single star though... the biggest issue was the food. To call what's on the menu edible is an exaggeration. We had a few of the starters and it was just awful.... the sweet potato bread was burnt, the gnocchi was a sad excuse for soggy bread and the night just went downhill from there.  
Drinks are good but stay away from the food.After researching dinner spots in Philly, I decided on Harper's Garden.  After reading some reviews, I was a bit skeptical but from photos and the menu, we were intrigued and decided to go anyway. My S.O. and I were pleasantly surprised, not only was our food delicious and our drinks strong-- the service was friendly and fast. 
We ordered hand pulled mozzarella, lamb meatballs, heirloom carrots with hummus, and the crab sphaghetti.  If your looking for recomendations, I would skip the heirloom carrots and I would suggest not leaving without trying the crab sphaghetti.I expected a lot from seeing comments from here and checking out their gallery. Unfortunately it's a bad experience, the atmosphere is ok, bugs flying around, food is absolutely terrible. We order oysters for appetizers, and they are not fresh at all. And the shrimp spaghetti is terrible, it smells bad, comes out just warm...
There's way more better options in the city, this is not the one.Great food! Great service in town for the weekend. Drank ate and laughed with friends everyone should come!This place is one of my new favorite restaurants. The outside seating is beautiful and charming. They have delicious vegan options and some of the best cocktails I've ever had. Can't wait to go back!I went for drinks with friends late in the night. I'm not sure what I did, but the bartender had an absolute angry melt-down when I ordered my drinks. When I went back for a second I think I may have caught him mocking me to his co-bartender. I simply ordered drinks for me and my fiance with a smile and didn't speak much. Very bad look for the bar staff. Garden area outside was awesome which is why this gets a 2.Spacious bar with a more modern yet hipster feel. This is a great place to host events and get-togethers. Drinks are on point (esp the tequila ones). Bartenders are all well trained and definitely know what they're doing.This review is 5 months late, but I figure better late than never! I walked by this place so many times and always loved the outdoor seating decor. I was eager to check it out, so when it came time to celebrate my uber trendy friend's birthday, I knew this was just the spot! 
First off, the staff there is simply incredible! I called about 2 weeks in advance to reserve the outdoor space for a surprise party for 15 people, but it ended up pouring that day and they were able to move us into the indoor space at the last second. I had a ton of balloons and gifts and a cake to drop off before the party as well, and they were happy to let me come in early to unload them at our table in advance! We were seated in a special and intimate nook of the restaurant with luxurious velvet seats and dim, romantic lighting (would highly recommend for a big party if you're not sitting outside). 
The food was good but the drinks were seriously phenomenal--they have a fantastic bar and bartender! The flatbreads were a huge hit with our table, and 80% of us ended up ordering the squid ink pasta with crab special that night. The boys were definitely hoping for bigger portions with the pasta, and the overall consensus was that it was a bit salty and a tad overpriced, but still very much worth it for the ambiance. Plus, they were nice enough to throw in a complimentary glass of champagne for the birthday girl!
Great experience overall and would definitely recommend for your next intimate dinner or party!This is *the* spot of the summer in Center City. 
A friend and I went for happy hour drinks and plates recently, and I was most impressed with the amount of outdoor space offered. The seating felt much more homey and permanent than most patios, too. We enjoyed our cocktails (served generously in highball style, with minimal ice) and appetizers, which sported such touches as heirloom carrots and housemade hummus.
Make sure you make a reservation (they accept OpenTable, and differentiate between outdoor and indoor bookings), because this place is popping.Hands down the best burger in the city. The 'merica burger is perfectly crafted and you can even get a side salad to make yourself feel healthier about eating a burger. Had this burger at least 3 times and each. Time is prepared perfectly. Cheese plate is great too. When the weather is nice, sit outside. It's a really great atmosphere.I really wanted to love this place, the exterior and interior are beautifully decorated, great ambiance. Unfortunately, this was the first and last time I'll dine here. The service was extremely slow and the majority of our food came out cold. I enjoyed the strawberry rhubarb cocktail but all in all it was a very disappointing and expensive experience.Harper's Garden has quickly become one of my favorites. That's saying a lot, because right now it's too cold to sit outside and enjoy the garden.
The inside is just as pretty too. Romantic actual lighting plus candle lighting and a cushy red bench helps set the mood. The structure of the interior almost reminds me of the branch decor of the garden outside. 
The service is on point with attentiveness and knowledge of the menu.
Most importantly, there hasn't been a single item that hasn't been fab on their seasonal menu. It's perfect because their small plates can really go a long way if you want to sample a few items with your dining partners but not walk away hungry. My squid kung pao from yesterday was a fun combo of ingredients, yet substantial. All the dishes are fun and fresh; that's what I truly love. 
The variety of cocktails and wine will keep you there, or get you to come back for more. Although the wine list isn't deep, it's solid. 
A pretty place with delicious farm to fork food and a bar of enjoyable adult beverages gets the full 5 star Yelp treatment from me.We were staying the the Sonesta hotel across the street and decided to go walk somewhere for some appetizers and noticed Harpers Garden! Wow what a wonderful place to stumble upon. So cute! Our waitress was Shonzay (I probably spelled it totally incorrectly). She deserves a 10/5 she was awesome! Gave us lots of wonderful recommendations! If you want come back to Philadelphia we will be certain to come back.
Must haves
1) Spring Awakening Cocktail
2) Moroccan Lamb Meatballs
3) Focaccia Prosciutto Pizza
4) Cheese Board!This place was simply amazing!! The price was right the location was great. I loved their outdoor seating. We met another great couple there that recommended other restaurants owned by the same restaurant group. If I ever come back to Philly, this will be one of my first stops!I'd been looking forward for trying this place knowing it was a nice new spot in Philly. From the outside it definitely looks very classy and cute with hanging plants and rustic tables. I really loved the ambience of this place both inside and out. It started raining halfway through our meal so we scrambled inside but were pleasantly surprised by the interior. 
I visited for brunch and ordered the shakshuka which was delicious and came out piping hot. They serve bread from Lost Bread Co. which is and excellent local bakery. My friends really enjoyed their breakfast sandwiches with potatoes as well. Another one of my friends ordered the avocado toast which he enjoyed even though it was on the small side. He also ordered the What's Up Doc cocktail which was definitely one of the best cocktails I've had in a while. So refreshing and light - perfect for brunch!! 
Overall this is a great spot to hang out with friends and chat especially when the weather is nice out. I would definitely recommend a visit here if you get the chance. Go for the cocktails for sure and grab and outside spot especially if it's warm and sunny!Walking into Harper's Garden is such a delight - the interior is welcoming, unusual (all the hanging greenery is gorgeous, plus the huge central bar that looks almost like an organ), the hosts & waitstaff are cheerful and helpful... it's unfortunate that the food is so disappointing. 
We shared four plates for dinner, and two (brussel sprouts & lamb meatballs) I have made better at home in the past month (and I'm only a fair cook). The brussel sprouts were unevenly cooked - some were nice and soft, but some were still almost raw). The lamb meatballs were dense. The worst dish of the night were the plaintain chips - which has some kind of sweet glaze on them, were not crispy (not chip-like at all) and the dipping sauce had no hint of "serrano" in it - the dish was sweet on sweet on sweet. (More on that in a second.) The best dish were the delicata squash rings - batter was crispy, they were perfectly salty. But the "fondue" sauce was kind of unnecessary. And again... why so sweet? 
This was the biggest issue - there's no balance between flavors, each dish was super sweet. Golden raisins with the broccoli. Tomato sauce with the meatballs. The plaintains felt like dessert. And the squash rings were great up until I dragged them through the sauces on the plate - the "maple" was overwhelming. 
Beautiful place, beautiful patio (which I'd love to try in the summer), but will likely stick with wine/cocktails.Went here twice when we were in Philadelphia. Awesome ambiance both times. Lovely and interesting drink menu. Spring green salad that was just perfection -- not over dressed. Lamb meatballs were good. Cheeseboard has variety and when we ran out of bread they kindly brought us more. A little loud, but there's a street right there that's just terrible for traffic. We walked there both times -- again from out of town. Idk how you'd go if you had to park. That seems like it might be tricky-- but hey, they don't have control over that. If you want it to be quieter perhaps sit inside? (I think that's a missed opportunity though, the outside space is great.)we randomly stumbled upon this place in philly while actually trying to find another place we read about. we loved the vibe immediately, but worried we wouldn't have room to eat as we brought our baby and needed stroller space. well the host was so nice and accommodating - gave us the perfect table with room for the stroller.  the service was excellent and the food was fantastic, including wine and dessert. the only thing i regret is the fact we visited in the winter and it was too cold for the outdoor seating (it looked gorgeous).My first visit was for midweek cocktails, and Harper's Garden is about as good as it gets. Cozy atmosphere, stiff drinks, and great value. The beverages in this place can knock you off your stool, which is typically what you want from a nightcap or happy hour. The bartender was friendly, precise, and quick.
My second visit to Harper's Garden was for a surprise birthday dinner. We made reservations about a week out, and we told the manager we were trying to surprise a friend who was expecting just to have dinner out with her boyfriend. They happily accommodated our request by seating us in an inconspicuous booth, providing personalized menus that said "Happy Birthday Michaela!" across the bottom, and ended our night with a delicious shared dessert, on the house! It was impeccable service from start to finish, and it was much appreciated that the staff added extra touches to make the night memorable. Michaela was truly shocked too, which made it all so much better.
Obviously, I can't give 5 stars just for strong drinks and good service - the food is amazing! We ordered a spread of starters and entrees, and everything was delivered fresh, hot, and packed with incredible flavor. We sampled the papas fritas, the a truffle flatbread, and one of the garden salads. My friend and I decided to split the burger and fried chicken sandwiches for our entrée, and it was the best dining decision I've made it a while. This was one of the best, if not THE best, burgers I've had in Philly (and I've sampled my fair share). The chicken sandwich was also a star, with a huge two inch thick fried chicken breast - it was almost absurd how big of a sandwich it was...but I still ate my entire portion.
I can't wait to get back here for patio weather! Those strong cocktails and cheeseburgers are calling my name.Mice & Awful management....I came here for dinner last night with my friends. At the end of our meal we were the only people left and we saw a mouse in the restaurant. We felt that we should make management aware of what we saw so they would know of the issue. When we told 2 employees, their first reaction was that they know of the problem and asked us not to tell anyone. Then the manager came over and "acted surprised" by our mouse sighting, even though an employee told us that the restaurant was already aware of the issue. The manager then proceeded to LEAVE us without any further words or action. 
My friends and I felt extremely disrespected by the manager and staff's lack of response. After we realized the manager was not going to do anything about the problem, my friend decided to tell the employees how disrespected we felt by their dismissal of our concern. The manager must of heard us because she came running back in with a gift card in hand begging us to take it. By this time it was too late. The manager should have known better and immediately eradicated the problem. Instead, we had to confront them TWICE before they tried throwing a gift card at us. The manager clearly did not care at all and acted inappropriately by lying about their mice problem instead of immediately apologizing and eradicating the issue. 
When you see a rodent in a restaurant and the management blows you off that is SHOCKING and we will not be returning. Spend your money at a well managed, clean restaurant. A Starr restaurant would never respond this way & their food is better anyway.
I have never left a review before, but was so appalled that I felt compelled to make one.Best place for most occasions! Can be casual with the small plates or spritz it up a bit due to the ambience, either way love it here! Having been here at least 3 times, I can say the hostesses, Emily and Abby were really nice as were my servers! Would recommend the lamb meatballs, goat cheese flatbread, fries, bariyana(?) And the mocktail with the ginger!A bunch of my nursing friends and I have always passed by this restaurant and was always caught by the beautiful decor. We finally decided to bite the bullet and see what this place had to offer. Ok seriously newest obsession. Not only is the ambiance fantastic the food and drinks set the bar high as well. This review doesn't even do this place justice. It was that AWESOME!! Highly recommend! We did family style when we went so we could taste a little bit of everything!This place is super cute. Love the decor and vibe. But they say they're open til 2am...showed up at 1115 and they were shutting things down. Not welcoming or even asked us where we wanted to sit. Then I attempted to ask the bartender, Angelo for a drink recommendation. He was very snide and made it feel like we were bothering him. Like I shouldn't have been asking a bartender for a drink recommendation? He said they are all good. And I asked what he would order, and he said none bc he just drinks whiskey. And NONE OF THE MENU DRINKS HAD WHISKEY. So I made a blind decision on a drink and let's just say it wasn't great. But the barbacks are super cute and friendly!! They should have been making the drinks :) Idk I just got a bad first impression of this place. Sorry!!Amazing and friendly staff, beautiful decor and ambience and the drinks are perfectly crafted by Nick!!!Harper's Garden has been on my list of places to go since it opened it May. It did not disappoint! This was one of the best meals I've had in Philly, possibly one of the best meals I've ever had.
The outdoor seating is nice. Not too crowded and a bit further in from the street, which keeps traffic noise away.
Got the fried plantains, hand pulled mozerella, and crab spaghetti. The fried plantains were good as expected. The mozerella was topped with figs and capers making for a wonderful blend of flavors. The crab spaghetti was perfectly cooked and the crunch from the garlic bread crumb toppings was excellent. 
Great food, great ambiance, definitely going back.I'm newly obsessed with Harper's Garden. How did I only visit for the first time at the end of the summer? Well, I'm determined to make the most of their outdoor space- even if it means sitting out there in a slight drizzle, when the rest of the customers headed indoors.
The outdoor space is set back from the street and elevated. Perfect for people watching, and far enough away to be enjoyable. The patio has some fantastic decor with wooden small branch-like designs covering it. Perhaps like a modern day Sukkah.
Aside from being charming, the food is something I'd eat everyday if I could. Think farm-to-table and creative uses of veggies and meat. The Heirloom Squash Salad had cherry tomatoes, gooseberries, fines herbs, parmesan-lime vinaigrette. It was on the small plates/salads section, but the portion was solid and could've stood alone. I also had the Baby Potatoes that were smashed and fried, fine herbs, warm goat cheese sauce. Warm goat cheese sauce...oh my gawd! I also tried a little of the roasted heirloom carrots with hummus and herb pesto. They are making my favorite things, and making it well. There were so many other dishes I wanted to try, but alas you cannot eat everything at once.
Our server was attentive and funny. He was willing to move us inside from the rain, if we didn't want to tough out the drizzles. He joked around with us without be weird, awkward or inappropriate.
Fret not, while the outdoor space is a huge draw, they do have a bar and tables for dining inside. That's reassuring that my obsession doesn't need to stop when the warm weather does.Had lunch there with a girlfriend while on a break from work. We sat outside and I love how they have it set up. 
Food: we just ordered apps to share. Brussel sprouts, prawn with homemade kimchi, roti fries, and fried plantains. Brussel sprouts were perfectly charred and the extra toppings added nice mix of texture and taste. The prawn was sweet and delicious. The kimchi was good. The combination was alright, nothing exciting. The roti fried were good but the sauce lacked a little salt. The plantain chips were great even without the dipping sauce. I also had a mocktail that was refreshing. I think it was the raspberry and ginger. 
Service: the service was nice. Not hurried. Check in on us here and there but mostly left us to enjoy our meal. 
Definitely a great spot.Have you seen that wooden patio with lights in the Rittenhouse Area? Or the crowded beer garden looking area in the spring/summertime? Yep - that's Harper's Garden. 
My boyfriend and I stopped by this gorgeous restaurant on a chilly Friday night in March. As much as we wanted to, it wasn't ideal to dine outside -- it also wasn't open (not until Spring/Summer time). As you open the door, there's theatrical red drape that separates you from the host and as you cast the drape aside, the interior design of Harper's Garden just hits you. I couldn't exactly tell what the theme was but definitely rustic, metal, slightly edgy and classy feel. Reminded me of Butcher and the Rye in Pittsburgh~
As for the food, we ordered the Scallops ($24), Truffle Flatbread ($15) and Clam Chowder ($10). Being from Northern California, I was craving clam chowder but was disappointed. Nothing is as good as San Francisco's Boudin Bakery or Hog Island Oyster Co so I have high standards, sorry. Scallops though were AMAZING! The risotto was a bit too salty for my liking, but very rich. Scallops just fell off your fork and melted in your mouth - absolutely delicious. Truffle flatbread was well done and together with everything, we saved 3 pieces to take home because the meal was so filling!
Great ambience, great date place. Wish they had happy hour and lightened up the place a little bit more, but very sleek and decent food for a reasonable price.We were blessed with an early dinner today with our server Leighdy. Im full, content & so grateful for a wonderful dining experience. We ordered the carrots & hummus which were seasoned perfectly; tasted the incredible cheese board - my favorite was the semi-firm cows milk cheese & blueberry mustard; the tomato toast with fantastic middle eastern seasoning; the scallop crudo with kefir lime - one of my favorite flavors. 
We ordered plenty more but just know everything we tried was incredible. In addition to the food our service was delightful. Leighdy knew the menu so well & shared fun tidbits about each dish.
Props to all staff!!!!! Amazing!!!!Yum!!!!  After my disastrous experience across the street at Ruth's Chris I looked for something close by.  This place earned every bit of its 5 stars.    Immediate seating.  Ordered a Chardonnay. Only one on the menu but it was perfect.  Then oysters which had the smallest dollop  of orange mousse on top Served with their house mignonette.  I've never had that orange addition and I loved it!!! So refreshing.  Then a super spicy squid with peanut and Asian influence appetizer.  I have to say this was absolutely incredible.  I would order this everyday if I could!!!!  Served with a pickled salad on the side that offset the heat just perfectly.   Due to the heat of the dish the server recommended their daily punch special and it couldn't have been better accompaniment.   Finished with their pumpkin cheesecake.  Which was the perfect ending to a great meal!! For sure the best pumpkin cheesecake Ive ever had!!!! Great servers, everyone was super friendly and attentive.  Management should be proud of their team.   Christina, Nick, Mckenzie Jason and Laurel You're all rock stars.  Can't wait to visit again!!!Awesome outside seating area to enjoy the city. Delicious drinks. Fast service. Food was good but not a wow factor. Average menu but felt small, so we got a couple small plates. The mushroom dumplings were interesting but not what we expected. Need a creamier sauce and seemed more like raviolis. The asparagus goat cheese flatbread was really good. The cheese board was pretty good. Overall, it was a nice meal but we weren't that wow'd.Good food, cute aesthetics and great bottomless mimosas! Nikki was awesome! We will definitely be coming back again.Stopped in between lunch and dinner for a quick snack and some drinks. We had the cheese plate and seasonal vodka punch. The cocktails were enjoyable, our server was kind and efficient, and the atmosphere can't be beat. The greenery is truly stunning amid the cityscapes. I only deducted a star because the cheese plate could have been slightly more generous. We're glad we stopped in.$20 Bottomless mimosa on weekend from 10-3:30, entree required, no time limit. Ambience is good, food is fine.Love!!! Beautiful setting, both indoors and outdoors. Great menu items too. Love the fries, fried chicken sandwich, and the key lime pie!!Harper's Garden is a decent American restaurant in Rittenhouse with an upscale ambiance and good food options. The dishes were all tasty, though the portion sizes were quite small - definitely not enough for big hunger. We had a nice time here as a large group, and our waiter was kind and accommodating. Overall a fine experience.Absolutely stunning! Our server Sebastian was fabulous and inviting, making great recommendations and ensuring we were taken care of. We ordered the special drink of the day which was carefully crafted and delicious. Small plates to share and actually had a decent serving size! Would recommend to friends in phillyGreat look and feel, the ambiance is fantastic and the outdoor seating section is very cozy; we were there for brunch. The beer selection was good and the menu had a overall wide selection. My wife saw a burrata sandwich on another menu and when asked if we could get it, we were told no. More than likely it was something that could have been prepared. It was not busy but oh well. 
As far as our ordering, I had the smoked salmon and waffles which sounded strange but turned out to be a great mix. The waffles were thin but very flavorful. There were fried capers on the lox. of course capers are common on lox, but I have never had them fried, it was a nice touch. My wife had a omelette that was cooked perfectly and includes a small side salad. 
All in all it was a good experience and I would return.Cutest brunch place, especially when it's nice out and you can sit outside. I went for my birthday and it rained so we sat inside, but the ambiance was still great in there. I love that they have bottomless mimosas because thats been such a hard brunch feature to find in Philly. Our waiter was attentive and tolerated all of our antics so I appreciated that as well!I've lived in the area for 6 years and this was a much needed addition. Great service and drinks. Only tried a few appetizers which were on point. The staff made me feel welcome the first time around and didn't ask us to leave when they were closing down and we were the only ones left. Beautiful atmosphere as well. Great work guys.I'm totally obsessed with this restaurant- the food is phenomenal - loved everything i've gotten there 
- market oysters were awesome 
- hand pulled mozzarella paired with the fig was so good- the richness of the cheese and the sweetnesses of the fig made it so delicious
-crab spaghetti- i can't wait to have it again 
-Turmeric custard- we started with one and ordered two- perfectionKate, Angelo & Jon, all took very good care of us! Awesome cocktails and delicious small plates. We will definitely be back soon!I freaking loveeee this place. Awesome décor/atmosphere, wines on tap and creative, tapas-style dishes you've never tried before. 
For anyone who's traveling to the area on business and looking for a comfy spot to dine alone without feeling awkward, you will comfortably blend into the vibe here (speaking from experience). 
Staff are super friendly and attentive (at least they were at the bar). As for the food, everything was delicious. I'd have to say of the three dishes I tried, my #1 favorite was the lamb meatballs, with crab spaghetti in at a close second and the plantains coming in third. 
If I could change ONE thing - I just wish the menu were a little more descriptive of each dish. The description of plantains mentioned nothing about honey, sugar or any other sweet element. It would have helped if they termed the dish "sweet plantains" or something along those lines because the dish was VERY sweet. The crab spaghetti had a solid kick of heat (mind you I'm one who has a high tolerance for spice) and the description did allude to a harissa spice blend, but that doesn't necessarily translate to hot for everyone. Someone who doesn't like spice may have had a hard time with discovering that level of heat. 
Other than that, everything was absolutely delicious and I would love to come back here with another human being to share the joy.I come here so much for brunch! This place is so cool, especially when it's nice out and you can sit outside. Steak and eggs is the BEST and that chimichurri is spectacular.Love the ambiance here. I've had the opportunity to stop by twice this summer. The first time my group came in without a reservation on a Friday night and were seated indoors upstairs for pre-dinner drinks and ricotta toast. Worth noting that were four of us but the toast only came in 3 pieces.
The second time my friend and I had a reservation on a weeknight and were given the option to sit indoors or outdoors. It was a nice night so we opted to sit outside but the tables were extremely close together. I was pleasantly surprised by the food quality. The hand pulled mozzarella with black figs and fried capers was my favorite. I could have kept eating this all night and been satisfied. Also enjoyed the rosti fries (basically crunchy seasoned potato latkes in fry form), roasted heirloom carrots with hummus, truffle flatbread (there are no mushrooms on the pizza just in the sauce which I prefer), and heirloom tomato toast. 
I would make a point to stop back here for drinks and to try a few more menu items I was sad to skip like the squash salad and pastrami sandwich.A colleague and I stumbled upon this spot for lunch yesterday. We arrived around 1pm so it was not busy at all; we were seated immediately.  Pretty decor; full bar. It's a small space, though it looked like there was another whole room upstairs near the restrooms. Outdoor patio seating also available.
The service from start to finish was excellent. Our female server was very friendly and attentive. She made suggestions and answered questions, and got our order exactly correct.
To start off, we shared the Smoked Cauliflower Tortelloni. This was to die for...my favorite dish of the day. We also shared the Beer-Battered Delicata Squash Rings and the Shrimp Toast. YUM!
For our entrees I got the Seared Diver Scallops and had a taste of my colleague's Veal Tagliatelle Pasta.  Everything was bursting with flavor and cooked absolutely perfectly. Temperatures and flavors were spot-on.
For dessert we shared the Chocolate Ganache S'more. It's small but still good for sharing because it's so beautifully decadent.
I still cannot get over how delicious it all was!  We enjoyed every single bite, and the smile that accompanied each plate as it was brought to us and then cleared.
Highly recommended. Can't wait to go back!Held a private event here last Saturday for my wife's graduation and everything was fantastic.  I worked with Gina on planning the event and she was extremely helpful with everything. 
The party size was about 30 people which fit half of the outdoor patio perfectly.  The food was absolutely amazing...so amazing that several guests came back for brunch the next day!  Drinks were also great.  If you're having a private event I highly highly recommend Harper's Garden.The perfect place for drinks and bites, especially during the summer. Also enjoyed brunch and dinner here previously, and was not impressed.Good food, nice people and service but for God's sakes... 2 toilets for a restaurant that accommodates 200+ people and serves BEER?  I wont be back until the add about 8 bathrooms. I spent 20 minutes of my 2 Hour visit waiting to pee.The ambience was great and food seemed yummy until we were greeted by a mouse in the dining room. We mentioned it twice to the dining staff hoping they might take care of it but it seemed to be a normal occurrence based on their response. No one ever came out and apologized and no compensation was given  despite the fact that we chose not to run in the streets screaming after seeing it a number of times, otherwise the pumpkin cheesecake was a delight. #dobetterThis relatively new spot is great in the summer time. They have a cute outdoor space. If it's hot out though you'll definitely be sweaty as there isn't much shade. 
The hostesses were friendly and got us sat in a timely fashion. We didn't have reservations so it's a good place to go for walk ins. 
At least in the summer time they changed their menu frequently which was cool but also kind of annoying because I came back to try my second choice entree and then it obviously wasn't available. 
It's mostly american fare/casual bar food. The food was definitely tasty - they had some pretty great oysters. Happy Hour didn't get too crazy which is nice. Servers were accommodating and gave great recommendations. 
The wine list was pretty small but they had a relatively good selection for what it was. 
I was really into the outdoor space, so I'd recommend that if you're looking for a good place to grab a drink in the summer. 
Inside seems a little small but maybe they have an upstairs that i am missing.The bar tender took about 10 min to tell us it was closed with it being 1150 and hours say open until 2:00. And he was kind of rude about it.The food was adequate, though the service left a lot to be desired.  We were more or less ignored and the temperature was so hot that we were literally putting ice on our foreheads and fanning our friends' young baby....and that was inside after 8 pm.Very good simple food in Philadelphia We were here for the JLO concert and this place was right by our hotel. The staff very nice and friendly they even moved us upstairs when we told them the sun was bothering our eyes. Food and drinks on point. Have to try their pretzel. Yes pretzel.From the moment you walk up, the space has a great ambiance inside and out. The check-in staff was quite friendly and made sure to send over a glass of Prosecco as the person I was with was celebrating starting a new job. 
We sat upstairs, which had a great view and ordered the cheese board, mushroom soup, and veggie/bean burger as well as cocktails. Everything was good, but I wouldn't recommend the cheese board. Seemed a bit dry and the flavor pairings weren't really coming together. 
Try the Kindled Keystone if you want a smokey drink (the smokiest drink I've ever had) or the Flippin' Nuts for a sweeter cocktail good for the holidays. 
Great spot for a date, to catch up with a friend, or to take your parents if they're in-town visiting.Overall, this was a great meal! Was here for restaurant week. My date and I had the pita and spinach borani, the tomato watermelon and feta salad, the shrimp bucatini, and icelandic cod, and the peach cobbler. We also had the daily punch special. The best thing was the cod by far. The bucatini was delish. The tomato salad was mediocre and the spinach borani was good. The peach cobbler was very good! The ambiance makes the experience.Not really a fern bar, although the plants are very much in evidence in this downtown Philly gathering place. We were lucky to get a table for two at the last minute on a Saturday night- swaths of the dining room were reserved for large parties. I had the Spinach
Rabota, fine but not world changing. There was tuna tartare with wasabi, fresh and eminently palatable. The hub had a Merican burger which looked good but he deemed to be over salted. And we upped our caloric intake by ordering the fries, served with Aioli. Catsup would have been fine as a dip for these skin-on frites, but when In Philly ...Went here with a friend for drinks and dinner last night because we had heard so many good things about this place plus the reviews and pictures were really appealing. 
The ambience is absolutely on point - cozy, dark and romantic - one of the best places to go on a date in Philly. 
Their menu is limited but has a variety of food and drinks to offer. I tried their 18th St. Heat and All Things Reconsidered (love the names!) and both were pretty good. The food didn't impress me much - we ordered the Smoked Cauliflower Tortellini and Barbeque chicken flatbread and both were disappointing. The smoked tortellini was pretty bland and the barbeque chicken flatbread was overly sweet almost syrupy. 
I would come back for drinks (and the ambience) and will probably update my review after giving the other items on the menu a try.Great outdoor patio on a nice day. Sun shining, people happy to be outside. We had a couple of cocktails- French 76 and some carrot/garden cocktail which doesn't sound appetizing but was amazing!!! Fried plantain chips were soft than I thought they would be and were delicious. Cheese board was tasty as well. Perfect summer hangout.Stunning quirky place that has great drinks and food! Atmosphere is awesome-slightly too dim inside than I usually like but the outdoor seating area is so cute and very instagram worthy! Drinks are unique and tasty-great place for after work cocktailsI brought my friends here for brunch while they were in town, and instantly you are drawn to this place from the moment you see it. It's outdoor patio area is beautifully done and it has such an inviting ambiance. 
We had a couple of beers to start the day (good selection of beers on tap btw), and ordered our food. This is where it started to go downhill. We were literally waiting around for 30 minutes for our food to arrive and not once did a server come and let us know the status of our food or apologize for the delay. We had to flag the server down to ask for an update and that is when they checked on it and told us it would be a few more minutes. Then a manager came over and apologized and offered us free dessert. We appreciated the gesture, however we wished they had noticed this by themselves earlier as they weren't overly busy. 
The food finally came out and it was good, but nothing blew me away. We ordered the burger, shakshuka, and eggs Benedict. If I do come back here, it would be for the ambiance and drinks and I would like to check out the happy hour. Most likely won't be back for brunch.Awesome outdoor seating, it was very busy and waiters were very nice.  The lamb meatballs were amazing!Went for a brief drink before a dinner reservations, and the cocktails were amazing! Atmosphere was great and bartenders were very accommodating. Will definitely come back in the near future!Came here on a Friday night for birthday drinks. The bouncer and manager were incredibly rude and discriminatory. I showed them my passport, but they said that was not enough identification and wanted to see another ID. Honestly if it was not for my friend's birthday, I would not have gone based on principle. I refuse to give business to a place that discriminates against women and minorities and has such poor service and attitude.
The drinks and food are extremely average here, but it was the service and attitude that deterred me.I was in town visiting and came here for brunch with a friend. We loved it! We both got the Eggs Benedict, one with ham and one with salmon and they were delicious! The hollandaise was light and lemony. The best part was the bottomless mimosas for $20 when you purchased an entrée! They kept them coming and they didn't taste like cheap champagne and the OJ was fresh. I highly recommend!Nice garden/patio area.  Food is slightly above average but nothing that was memorable or crave worthy.  The inside seats along the wall has a cloth covered pillow seat that must be made from Velcro.  Once you sit down it's very difficult to "scoot" down because it clings to your clothes.  The drinks are good.What a wonderful new restaurant. Great space to enjoy the outside patio with a Strawberry Swing. Wide and I had brunch 9n a beautiful Saturday. I had French Omelette with potato and wife had Spring Salad. Great place with Meg the Awesome server. Philly come out for Harpers Garden!I still continue to love this place.  After walking in and then right out of Blume on Saturday (because that place was a hot mess filled with a very young, LOUD crowd) we decided to go to Harper's Garden.  We weren't able to get an outside table but were seated right away by the window.  Their menu changed but was still very good.  This is one of our favorite places to go.This was my second time at Harper's and I was very disappointed in the food and the service. We stopped in for brunch and the host/manager was rude from the start. He didn't initially acknowledge us, and carried on with a side conversation for a while. When I interjected and asked for a table for two, he said they had reservations so they couldn't sit us at any of the many empty tables in the main dining room so our options were the high tops or the bar and we could seat ourselves. We were essentially dismissed. I'm more annoyed with the attitude than the reservation system, though not pleased with that either. We brushed it off and chose the high tops. After several minutes of sitting with no servers approaching to bring menus, water, utensils, etc I was pretty annoyed. You're probably thinking why did you stay? The answer being it was pouring rain outside and we were hungry, the reason we stopped in to begin with, and were essentially trapped. The bartender eventually came over to assist us. I think because she saw my irritated face. Note - there is a server waiting the table next to us, albeit poorly as we later learned from that group. We might not have been in her section, but I doubt it based on the layout. She never made any attempt to take our order or bring us anything, and had a bit of an attitude when we later asked for a refill on the bottomless mimosa. 
The food comes. We ordered the bacon date pancakes and the chicken biscuit with gravy. The pancakes were delicious, buttery and light with the perfect amount of sweetness. Not that bacony though. The biscuit situation was a miss. It was lukewarm, the chicken was under-seasoned, the skin which was not crispy easily slid off, and the dish as a whole was very underwhelming. The service got moderately better, but this seemed to be from a manager or something. I think 4-5 different people served us, which makes me think they just don't know how to serve the high top section. Then we got the wrong bill, by then it had stopped raining and I just wanted out. 
All in all, I was very disappointed especially since the first time I went the food and service were wonderful. I'm not discouraging anyone from going, but rather encouraging management to have better training for staff in that section. I loved the mussels and scallop bao on the late afternoon menu from my first visit (in which the service was great outdoors), but I'm hard pressed to ever spend my money at this restaurant again at the risk of such poor service. Hopefully, it was an off day and you fare better.One of my new favorite places. We ended up sitting outside because it was a little hot the day we visited. The cheeseburger was absolutely the best burger I have ever had and that is saying a lot. The potatoes were also delicious. We were there during brunch and my husband had the bacon, egg and cheese - also amazing. I will definitely have to go back when the weather is a little cooler to enjoy the outside as it looks very welcoming and cozy out there.I held a private party for Sunday brunch at Harper's Garden. From start to finish, the service and food were both amazing. The contact who helped me arrange the party was incredibly helpful and was conscious of our group's budget and other restrictions. Our party had about 20 people and we were in the space upstairs above the bar. The views were fabulous and our servers were attentive. Due to the size of our party, we had a buffet consisting of eggs, potato hash, breakfast meats, and chocolate chip pancakes. It was all delicious! I absolutely recommend the restaurant for private parties and I can't wait to come back to try out the regular menu!Went for restaurant week. Everything was delicious us! Service was great too. Ambiance is also very nice. Overall great food, setting and service.I came here recently for restaurant week with a group of friends. Everything was good but nothing stood out really. I would definitely go back to try their regular menu. The venue is beautiful and would be great for date night.C'est l'endroit idéal pour un dîner mi-décontracté, mi-bobo où les amis qui se retrouvent pour boire un verre et partager quelques plats côtoient les bobos adeptes des afterwork en chemise, cravate, tailleur... L'ambiance est élégante et la musique couvre le bruit général.
Nous avons commandé le Toast de Ricotta (dattes, confiture de citron, chicorée, pain de betterave et de seigle), Le Merica Burger (double steak, fromage Cooper, cornichons, oignon émincé, moutarde, ketchup, pain maison). En dessert nous avons choisi une tarte au citron accompagnée d'une boule de glace à la lavande. Tous nos plats étaient excellents et très bien travaillés. Le service est professionnel et efficace. Nous avons payé 50$ + tips. Nous recommandons !
Pour info, Harper's Garden ne dispose pas de free WiFi.We were extremely rushed or this would be 4 stars. Chicken sandwich was quite good. Nice beer selection. Service was just awful. Turned what should have been a dining experience into something far lesser.Wow what a beautiful place! The interior is so beautifully decorated! The food was yum too. They have a great menu, I order a cheese plate and the lamb meatballs, both was amazing. They have interesting things on the menu, and their drinks are great. Too bad I'm visiting otherwise I would def go back.Beautiful ambience, great service and good food. The reason for the 3 stars? Wildly overpriced due to the location and outdoor space. No happy hour for drinks? Not even one cocktail and one wine of the day? Double Knot and Abe Fisher have happy hours and to be honest they are on a whole other plane of culinary delight. For an occasional drink its a great spot but not somewhere to linger for more than that.I was so excited for this place to open since watching the outdoor seating area get built. It has a gorgeous outdoor seating area. Probably one of the best in the city. 
Service was excellent and we honestly could not tell it was the first night.
We only ordered several snack items because we weren't too hungry. I loved the roasted carrots and hummus. The fried onions added a nice crunch. The beets were cooked perfectly and loved them with the yogurt. It wasn't overly sweet. Very refreshing dish. The baby potatoes came out piping hot and went well with the very creamy warm goat chese. My favorite dish was the lamb meatballs. Perfectly packed and cooked.  The creme fraiche in combination with the sauce was divine. The sauce had a nice hint of cumin. We ended up dipping the meatballs in the warm goat cheese and thought both dishes complimented each other well.
Great drink selection. Can't wait to come back to try some cocktails!SO, so good. Amazing food, amazing service. I only gave 4 stars because it seemed a little overpriced. Our server was incredible and so helpful. We ordered apps, entrees and desserts. Honestly, I probably could have skipped the desserts, but everything else was delicious. Great ambiance, great good, great service.Came here for brunch on a Sunday, it was fantastic! I had the eggs Benedict's with salmon and unlimited mimosas! Our waitress Evi, was a doll, definitely ask her on your next visit! She was ver knowledge of the menu and came with a new round before we could even ask! My new go-to brunch spot!My boyfriend took me here for brunch & we were really happy with the service, food, and drinks. I've already recommended this place to others!Harper's Garden is a warm environment. Kevin and Joe, two Bartenders, we're so friendly and hospitable the entire time we were there! We had just arrived from the airport and both gentlemen were extremely accommodating, and they provided great conversation.  The perfect first stop in Philly.Trendy, chic place, the decor and ambiance is great. I came here because I was in the neighborhood and saw their outdoor light decor was beautiful, so I wanted to check out the inside too. Just as the outside was beautiful so it's the inside. Very trendy looking, with rustic mix with the woods and velvet decore. They have a great bar space and dinning area. As well as mezzanine private space, which I liked. I will definitely be coming back!Absolutely LOVE this place. I had the gnocchi, which I don't usually like because of the texture, but this is probably the best gnocchi I have had in a long time. The restaurant itself is beautiful, the outdoor seating area is perfect for a summer night!Instead of going to a restaurant that we've been to a million times, my husband and I decided to try out Harper's Garden for our 3yr anniversary. The food and cocktails we ordered were good, BUT the hostess' and the service was awful. 
It started raining when we drove into the city and our reservation was for a table out on the patio (it was sprinkling....not down pouring). 
Once we got there it had stopped and there was a good amount of people already outside! So, when they told us that they had ONE table left inside and that they "wouldn't be able to seat us inside if it started raining" we chose to take the offer. 
The last table inside wound up being one squished in between two extremely loud parties and we immediately got up to ask if we could sit outside. (that's not how we wanted to celebrate our anniversary)
When my husband reached the hostess station you could instantly tell that she was annoyed with our change. She walked us over to a completely EMPTY and DARK section of the patio, slapped the menus down and walked away. 
I will say it wound up sprinkling a little bit while we were outside, but we really don't care about stuff like that. After it stopped though, I expected the waitress to at least wipe the table top off so it wasn't full of water and she never did. 
I'm usually not one to get upset about stuff like that because honestly who knows what kind of day they've had, but since it was our anniversary it stuck out in my mind and now I honestly don't know if it's even worth giving the restaurant a second chance! 
Totally disappointing.I love the outdoor atmosphere and setup of Harper's Garden. It's one of the main things that attracted me to visit. The drinks were good, and the merica burger and homemade chips were delicious. The staff was ok, I couldn't think of any other way to describe them than just "ok" to be honest.Celebrating my nieces birthday! We had an awesome meal and our waiter Sebastian was outstanding. The chef even accommodated my 7-year-old son with buttered pasta;  my son said it was the best in the universe. We all loved our meals. We will definitely be back! See photos!Yum! This place was delicious I got the French omelette & we all split the pecan pancakes. I would get both of these again & again. We did the bottomless mimosas - which was a fantastic deal.  The only issue we had was that the mimosas were mainly orange juice, two of the girls I was with requested less orange juice ( due to acid reflex ) but were told it was premixed & that wasn't an option? Idk how that works , but the staff was friendly and nice. Only wish the mimosas were more champagne and less orange juice! I would return the outdoor seating was beautiful !I ate here with my girlfriend a couple days ago. Our waitress Morgan was very patient with us, great service.
We order the potatoes and the squash rings as starters. The rings were very well cooked, the batter wasn't overpowering and the taste of the squash was there. I would high recommend it. I ordered the veal tagliatelle and they did not disappoint.The pasta wasn't 100% al dente, but it was still cooked well and not at all overdone. The veal was also very well seasoned and added a good flavor to the rest of the dish. 
The decoration and ambiance is fantastic. The place was full but didn't feel crowded at all. The upstairs looks intriguing, but I haven't been up there yet. The lights they picked have a slight yellow hue which adds a layer of warmth to the space. Their selection of drinks and cocktails was satisfying.This is my second time here and it has not disappointed yet. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try a good new spot that is trendy but is also able to deliver on a fantastic meal and experience.This place has so much potential. We had friends in from out of town and wanted to do something a little special. I spent an hour researching different restaurants that would be comfortable for 5 adults and a baby in a stroller. I called on the evening before to make a reservation for the following day. I asked if we would be comfortable with a largish group and a stroller. The hostess said yes. I made the reservation. I received a missed call and voicemail an hour later from the restaurant saying we were late for our 8pm reservation. I called back to explain that our reservation was for the following day. When we arrived we were really jazzed about how beautiful it was. It's got a great urban garden feel and was perfect for a vibrant summer evening. I checked in to make sure our table was ready and agreed to be seated inside, assuming the temperature would be cooler inside. We were seated at a cool velvet booth with plenty of seating but it was located in the complete back of the restaurant. When my friends arrived with their stroller we had to ask other patrons to move their chairs and their tables in some cases. Everyone one was really nice about it, but it was an ordeal. Once we were all finally seated our server spent the majority of our meal ignoring us. I can't really say we experienced any type of service - no friendly hi, no explanation of the menu - he just seemed slightly annoyed that he'd been tasked with us. It was around this time that I felt like I was going to pass out because I was so hot. All 6 of, including the baby, were profusely sweating. When we asked our server if the air conditioning was on he looked at us in disbelief. It could have been that there were no vents where we are but of 6 people are sweating and pealing their clothes off something is wrong. The dinner was completely killed for us by then. We had such high hopes because of all of the great reviews. When our food came out it was delicious. 
The  decor and the food are the only two positive things I can say. This place would be great for a few friends who want a drink and some nice food. I think it's ok to tell people when they call that your restaurant isn't stroller friendly. We would have chosen a different restaurant and gone here another time. 
By the end of the dinner we were all hot sweaty messes with little enjoyment had. The service was bad, the food was good, and that's about all I can say.Great food! Great service in town for the weekend. Drank ate and laughed with friends everyone should come! My boyfriend is here for s conference so we ventured out and were happy with the results!Fantastic drinks, food and service. We started with a few snacks. The new fall menu has way too many mouthwatering choices. We narrowed down to the scallop crudo and cauliflower tortellini. The scallops had purple basil! The tortellini has very robust flavors and the filling was such goodness! I had the burger-double patty brisket based. So tender! He had the tile fish which I've never heard of but the presentation was nice. Do yourself a favor and get the chocolate ganache s'mores! Only gripe...The pickles need more flavor... only thing we didn't enjoy. Also now into fall, get a table and don't sit at the bar unless you don't mind the wind from the entrance flowing heavy as you sit at the bar. The bartender also rocked! Super knowledgeable and i rely friendly. So going back!One of the top five burgers I've ever had. A great place to grab lunch with coworkers or drinks after work. Also enjoyed the lamb meatballs. Great decor and amazing service.Great cocktail spot! The decor is garden perfect, the cocktails are amazing and the staff is very friendly (if slightly aloof). Been here a few times for drinks and never been disappointed (shoutout to the cucumber drink they had during the summer). Haven't had a lot of the food menu but the snacks are super tasty and affordable.Such amazing food and decor. This place is a new favorite in Philly. The brunch was phenomenal. I love the menu. Awesome customer service, great location and decor, and incredible food. Will be back for sure.This place is beautiful and pretty much made for fancy dress receptions. I've always been intrigued by the elaborate outdoor space and finally made my way inside for a small bite at lunch. 
It was pretty busy with office people and I took a seat at the corner of the bar. There's a door at the end of a corridor which made for a chilly draft. 
I ordered the Okinawa Sweet Potato Toast and it was this totally new and delicious menu item I had no prior context for. It's a perfect blend of savoury-sweetness from the purple sweet potatoes and sage marshmallow. There wasn't any spiciness from the jalapeño butter which I liked. It's a fairly small portion cut up into 3 but really filling. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a healthy, tasty, and beautiful mid-day snack.Their brunch menu should just be called breakfast- there are only two non breakfast options - a burger and a salad -so if you have already eaten breakfast at 1 pm on a Saturday... pick someplace with a more diverse menu. Additionally- they cannot guarantee their bread is not cross contaminated with allergens bc it is made off site. I took the risk on this one today but then- without asking my preference- they did not fry the capers on my dish per the description on the menu which was pretty much the only element of the meal I was looking forward to- bc they could have been cross contaminated. I personally have never had an issue with cross contamination in a fryer so I would have like to been consulted on this substitution before being served what resulted in a very average salmon tartine. Blah Harper's Garden... do more.Great food. Nice vibe. Would go back. We love the Goat Cheese Flatbread, 'merica burger, cheese plate and the list goes on.Great locations, atmosphere, and cocktails.  Needs a more accommodating kitchen: Asked to add a protein to my salad- they couldn't accommodate. But there is salmon on the menu? Then asked to have egg whites when I chose the hash instead - but they can't do egg whites?There's almost too many Biergarten style spots in CC but they are so fun tho. This one is niiice and the food was good too. Met one of the coolest engineers i know here after her young women professionals seminar or something. We left all her docs on the table to further inspire the wonderful ladies of Harpers gardenThis restaurant is adorable! I went a date with my boyfriend on a Saturday evening. We got outdoor seating in their beautiful patio. They are tapas style with pretty generous portions! We're vegetarian so the options were limited but the ones we did have were absolutely delicious. Highly recommend their fries/hash brown!Harpers garden was such a pleasant experience from start to finish. Our waiter Angelo, knew the menu and was able to guide us through it as we didn't know what we should order. My party and I decided on the Kung Pao Squid, Oysters, the Burger, clam chowder, and meatballs to share. Everything was phenomenal in terms of food quality and Angelo kept great care of us. Only disclaimer is that the squid was spicy, which I enjoyed but definitely something to be wary of if you do not like spice. Cannot wait to come back and try the cocktails!This place is a sweet gem. Ordered the five cheese plate (loved), the truffle flatbread (amazing), and the oysters (so fresh). The food was amazing and the service was superb. Will definitely be going back!!So happy I finally was able to check this place out! One of the prettiest outdoor garden restaurants I've been to in Philly. My sister's and I stopped here for drinks but we ended up loving the dinner menu so we stayed for the grub too. So glad we did! We split a bunch of small plates including the cheeseboard, roasted potatoes, and herb roasted fries. These fries were unbelievable. They was I think 7 in the stack but they were not your typical fries- they were a lot thicker. Crunch on the outside and so warm and cozy on the inside. I wanted to wrap myself into these fries and nap. 
I also ordered some of the Moroccan lamb meatballs. Now I know Harp and Crown is known for their lamb meatballs but I really think these two are head and head for taking that first place winner! They are SO good! 
Great place for a date and a small or large group of friends. The hostess girls were so friendly! Wish I caught their names-they were working Saturday night and were really a breath of fresh air even when we asked them to take a million pictures of us at the beautiful enterence. Thank you to whoever you are:)I really enjoyed Harper's Garden. I came with three others to have a birthday dinner. The food was absolutely delicious. We ordered the lamb meatballs, curried mussels, plantain chips, shrimp & grits croquettes, the grilled asparagus & goat cheese flatbread and the salmon larger plate dish. Service was ok, however the biggest issue was the reservation. There seemed to be some unnecessary confusion. 
Other than that, I definitely plan on coming back for happy hours and dinners again.Wasn't sure by the mixed reviews but we ended up stopping it was great!! Wine is fabulous! We had the Chardonnay and pino Gris and both were tasty. Food was excellent as well, we had a variety of tapas and meals and everything we had was great. Key lime for dessert was everyone's favorite.I'm writing this review after going to Harper's Garden twice. The first time I dined here I was in love. From our waiter to the food to the decor. Our waiter was SO informative and really explained the dishes well. It was winter so the patio was closed but I knew that i wanted to come back and visit when it got warmer because the patio is beautiful.
So, this leads me to my second visit. I dined at harpers garden on a nice warm night so I actually got to sit on the patio with my guests, which made for a comfortable evening. From the start, our waiter was bad. I never got his name, he never told us about the dishes or even welcomed us. Our waters were never filled. We had to ask at least four times for more water. 
We had the wrong drinks and dishes brought to us twice, which is a red flag. I also put in the reservations that it was a birthday dinner. They clearly paid little attention because even after my boyfriend told our server that it was my birthday, we got our dessert without a candle...
Then we got the same desert, on accident, WITH a candle. They were clearly confused. I don't know if it was just an off night for Harper's Garden, but I was disappointed since it didn't meet my previous expectations.It's average for brunch. Beautiful establishment but mostly if you're outside. Inside upstairs is super dark, downstairs is better but still poor lighting. 
The food was fine, not special, and I had a raw egg on my avocado toast twice. Unfortunately the second one I did not realize until the end and I have felt SO sick for the past hour. Kindly they did not charge for the avocado toast but still it's hard to mess up an egg if you are a chef...
Very accommodating and pleasant/professional manager but service in general was a little off. Probably won't go back for brunch but willing to try another meal.Came here on a Friday for the late night happy hour (10pm-12am everyday). I had the "what the buck",!which was pretty basic cocktail. The real reason to come here is the beautiful patio deck - lots of tables sitting under string lights and garden themed decorations. Definitely worth the visit if you are in Rittenhouse!Went here for lunch. Got an outside table, which was nice and shady. Service was quick and the food was fresh and delicious. This is a great spot for a quick business or casual lunch and I'll be back to try some of the creative cocktails featured on the menu.What a great brunch spot! My fiancée and I were looking for a good place to grab mimosas and breakfast and were disappointed that Jones no longer does bottomless drinks. We headed to Harper's Garden and they did not disappoint. The hostess was friendly and attentive, and even stopped to chat once we were sat. Our server, Ari, was quick, efficient and friendly. Our food came out in a timely manner and was absolutely delicious! A few large parties were accommodated and it looked like a baby shower was going on inside. Overall a great vibe and we will surely be back! Highly recommend!Started as a good night with a few friends. Service wasn't awful though at the end of the night (which wasn't even 'insight) we'd experienced 3 attempts to close us out even though the restaurant wasn't full. 
That's not why I'm giving the 2 stars though... the biggest issue was the food. To call what's on the menu edible is an exaggeration. We had a few of the starters and it was just awful.... the sweet potato bread was burnt, the gnocchi was a sad excuse for soggy bread and the night just went downhill from there.  
Drinks are good but stay away from the food.
Update: the general manager contacted me after my original review and was very apologetic. It is rare to come across a business that's willing to extend an offer of good will to its customers. My food experience wasn't great but their willingness to take my feedback goes a long way.We are here for lunch in Memorial Day Weekend and the food was delicious. It was our first time here even though it's on a couple blocks away from our apartment.  We had the cheese board, asparagus and goat cheese flatbread and fried chicken sandwich.  My husband said the flatbread was one of the best things he's ever had.Tucked away off busier streets is an oasis for after-work drinks. Nice patio out front with a pergola makes it perfect for sitting around in your business casual on a sunny Thursday afternoon. The music ranges fist-pumping EMD to emo. Depends on your mood if you feel it. The drinks are well made and if you don't feel like paying for an expensive cocktail then there are plenty of beers to cheer the end of the week.
Food is another story. Do not bother ordering anything other than the lamb meatballs or oysters. Interesting menu but most dishes failed to satisfy. Kung Pao squid was limp, way too salty and sitting in a pool of watered down soy sauce. Their version of a spinach borani dip was weirdly acidic and basically just a scoop of dip with a ton of overly toasted pita. I love tangy food but this just didn't work. 
I was most looking forward to their scallop bucatini. Such a disappointment! They give you ONE seared scallop over bucatini tossed in a few slivers of rubbery scallops and lobster. Plus it was WAY too salty. Not worth the cash or calories.
The only saving grace was the lamb meatballs. They were flavorful, cooked properly and had a good yogurt sauce. Wish they threw in some of those pita chips that crowded the sour spinach dip.
My advice? Grab drinks on the patio with friends. Then eat somewhere else.I've been meaning to try this place ever since I spotted a new outdoor place that was less bro-y and messy but more pretentious than the beer gardens located in the area. 
I'm running out of brunch spots that aren't BYOB so a few weeks ago or months ago, I'm losing track of time here as the dementia sets in, my boo and I dropped by for an afternoon meal. 
Place was relatively empty, only a few tables occupied. We chose to sit inside, probably because of the overwhelming humidity that tends to pollute Philadelphia's summer climate. 
Service was good, initially. Now that my memory comes back, I remember this was actually the same day as Made in America and there were a bunch of bros at the bar lmao so much for that...
We both ordered the French Omelette with "saint andre triple creme cheese", wild mushrooms, black truffle, and "fines herbes". If these are actually normal things, then I apologize for my rachit-ness. 
Omelette was delicate but tasty. The accompanying salad had a really delicious dressing. Classically I wouldn't have minded more food and subsequently left and purchased approximately 2 jars of pickles (whole foods doesn't have my brand, relax) and cheese sticks to complete the meal at home.
We did not order beverages, probably because we were hung over from the night before but this place does have a good drink menu if I remember correctly.
We had to wait a significant amount of time to request the check after our meal which was annoying. 
That's all for now, folks.Went for Sunday brunch with a friend.  The outside is very pretty and on a nice day, you can't beat it.
However, the service was terrible.  Almost to the point of unacceptable.  The food was good - nothing great but nothing bad.  I opted for the bottomless mimosa for $20 which is a good deal.  Except if it is mostly (or all) orange juice and very little if any champagne/prosecco.  VERY disappointing indeed.
While there a woman came in by herself for lunch.  She wanted to do the restaurant week menu which started that day and of which Harp and Crown are participants.  Neither she nor we were offered the restaurant week menu although they are very clearly in the list of restaurants participating.  The service was so slow we had to leave before the server came back for her to ask.  I hope she got what she wanted.
It was disappointing, sorry to say.Came in for a beer and a burger. The twist on this burger with the double stacked brisket blend was full of flavor and the side salad was creative and delicious. Based on the quality and flavor of the food I'm sure everything here is great. I'll be back for surePretty spot with good ambiance, food, and drinks. We stopped in mid afternoon on a Saturday. We had a great server who made our time enjoyable. I only ordered oysters and cocktails, which were all great. My friends enjoyed their food. The burger looked amazing. Prices seemed steep for what we got. I think cocktails were like $13.The halibut was the best I've had in my life. I also got a tequila cocktail which was amazing. Decor was relaxed and sophisticated. This place deserves a 5.From what I saw on other reviews, the food looks delicious here. They recently opened for brunch and I really want to just attribute today to a logistical mistake. The outdoor seating area was super cute &the restaurant had all of the windows open. It was hot and humid today. 
My friend and I got there a little before 2p and brunch is until 3p. I requested a seat inside and the hostess was pleasant enough and made accommodations for that. There were a couple of other people inside at the bar and being served. 
After we sat, we weren't acknowledged by any of the staff inside. There was a man sitting at a table directly in front of us and his waiter came over to give him his check and didn't give our table a glance
After close to 15 minutes, still no service. We got up to leave and one of the staff members said, "thanks for coming!"
They seemed nice enough but we are convinced they had no intention on acknowledging us being there for brunch. 
I'd go back to try again. If you're going to go...make sure you sit outside so they see you're there to eat. 
Maybe next time...Came for a Saturday brunch and every thing from the food, to the service and the ambience was absolutely amazing. 
The breakfast sandwich, the pancakes, and the avocado toast all got rave reviews !
Bottomless mimosa option was a great add onSmall menu but the food is great! My mom and I loved our cocktails, and the outdoor seating is adorable.THIS will be our first stop EVERYYYYY visit to Philly!! JOE is a fucking AHHHMAZING manager/great guy!!He was so awesome to take the time to talk to us about the various Whiskeys and other things..(thanks again for the "Spirits Tutorial"....Clearly I couldn't have been a bootlegger back in the days) HG is such an incredible "cheers" to the city of brotherly love!!! The overall vibe was so awesome we had to come back TWICE before we left the city!!! Thanks for the experience of Harpers Garden & a "Smoking Old Fashioned"..Hubby loved it!!!We will back again and again!!!Great new spot - love the late night happy hour, what a great concept. The ambiance is quite nice with a greenery enclosed on a wooden deck in the middle of the city, with the inside being bright as well. Food is okay - had brunch for the first time there and loved the watermelon heirloom salad, but the eggs benedict was just all right. Service is good. Get here early at busy times because it can get crowded!Great service, the portions are okay. Love the lamb meatballs and the drinks. The atmosphere is really beautiful.Not dog friendly! We called ahead and asked specifically if they allow dogs/pets on their outdoor patio and we're told "yes of course! Outdoor seating is first come." Walked their and the hostesses asked if our dog was a service animal, we said no and they said they don't allow pets and that they were "jut reminded right now of the policy."so.. i'm not sure why there are some discouraging reviews for HG on yelp but i had a fantastic night here! i came for the 2nd time recently and tried out their dinner menu instead of drinks! my girlfriend and i didn't order much for the night but all were great choices! we had....
1 - candy beets
delicious and very summery! definitely a solid choice!
2 - mozzarella with figs and capers
omg the cheese with fig went great together! and the capers? just an added savory kick! everything really complimented each other!
3 - strawberry salad
another summery dish! light and sweet! 
4 - crab spaghetti
this was the favorite for me! crab accent with lemon zest was just divine! no ingredient was unnecessary~ this was for sure one of my favorite crab pasta dishes in philly! 
5 - the other time, i also tried the baby potatoes which were sooo delicious! the fried onion bits added a nice crunch to it and surprisingly went really well with the goat cheese dip! if you're a potato lover, this is definitely not a bad dish to start with!
service was friendly and attentive! prices are a little higher by the rittenhouse area but we had a lovely experience here! can't wait to return!I went here for my sisters bachelorette dinner and was not disappointed. I liked the fact they were able to accommodate reservations for about 10 of us. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated with lush greenery at every turn. I was super impressed by how friendly and attentive the staff was and we absolutely loved our waitress, it felt like she was a part of our party. The food was incredible and was excited to see a mix of menu items that I was familiar with along with a few I've never had before. The pork cheek was melt in your mouth fantastic, the burger was meat topped with more meat (what's better than that?) and the roasted turkey panini reminded me of an escalated sandwich I'd want to make with Thanksgiving leftovers only way better than anything I could imagine. To make this brief - overall a great atmosphere with delicious and innovative food and service. Would definitely recommend!Food was good. Too pricey for 1 piece of scallop literally 1 piece for $24 meal. Took a little bit long for our food. I think we paid for ambiance not the food .Updating my review from the last time I came here. This time, staff was very courteous and attentive. The food was absolutely delicious and ambience is beautiful. The restaurant manager took great measures to make sure I have a good experience the second time. Highly recommend the burrata and lobster ravioli.Cozy little place. We came in for an early dinner before a comedy show in Philly. Limited menu between 3:30p-5p. It includes a burger, a flatbread, fries, a salad, couple of options for cheese plates,and I think Oysters. Had the burger and it was pretty great. Definitely want to make it back for the regular dinner menu.This place was so overly priced and the servings were minimal. Definitely NOT worth the money. I ordered the scallop dinner and got ONE scallop and my husband ordered the halibut and got a piece of fish the size of my thumb. Awful. Never coming back.First of all, the vibe here is amazing. I came here during the lunch hours. There was a perfect amount of sunlight coming in through the restaurant, and the light fixtures installed on walls are antique but gorgeous. It's such a pleasant spot for a date! I'd definitely come here during the nighttime too just to sit along their bar area. 
Customer service was excellent and most importantly, the food was delicious. I ordered the Tomato Heirloom Open Sandwich-I didn't expect much from it because I'm not the biggest fan of heirloom and because I didn't think it'd go well with tomatoes. But I was wrong: it was so refreshing and some kind of cream in between the bread and the tomato made every bite so pleasant. 
The portions are relatively small and the menu options are rather limited, but that's probably because the restaurant focuses on serving small plates to complement their myriad drink options. Next time, I'll definitely come here for a cocktail or wine :)Adorable and trendy spot for summer with friends. We enjoyed some wine and cocktails at an inside window table on a hot day. They have a lovely outdoor patio but it was just too hot. Instead we opted for the interior which is equally attractive. We enjoyed the key lime pie as well. Fair drink prices.If you want an aesthetic atmosphere then grab a seat outside while it's nice at night. The lights and fresh air are a great pairing to their fairly priced food and drinks. BYOB I believe they charge you around 25 but their drinks are really good.Me and my daughter came here after visiting the Christmas Village at City Hall.   I knew I didn't want to park near the Hall so I searched on yelp for a restaurant that was close enough to catch an Uber.  Harper's Garden (5 minute ride) popped up and I immediately fell in love with the outdoor seating.  Although it was too cold to eat outside the inside was just as nice - warm and cozy.
After being outside on a crisp beautiful night, I couldn't wait to have something hot (with alcohol) to drink.  The waitress immediately suggested a Hot Toddy.  My kinda girl:)  My daughter went with hot tea.  
We ordered small plates since we weren't that hungry.   We went with the flatbread, brussel sprouts, mushroom soup and lamb meat balls.
We both enjoyed our food.  Especially my drink...yum:) The service was great and our waitress recommendations were perfect.  I would definitely come back and even suggested Harper's Garden to my son and his girlfriend who lives in Philly as well as some co-workers.
Oh... I read they're known for their brunch.  I'll have to come and check it out..Okay... I randomly picked a restaurant to try in Philly to meet up with a friend and this was amazingggg. I get why Philly is such a foodie city. We only got 2 apps and they were both amazing- didn't get a chance to take a pic of the first one because we finished it so quickly. Potatoes with goat cheese and the hash browns!!! 
Atmosphere was also nice! Cute patio out front which would be perfect in the summer. Will be back!I came here for brunch a few weeks ago. Service was fine/good. Their ghost pepper Bloody Mary is very good. Where they failed to rise above "just okay" was the food. The Shakshouka was . . . again, I have no other words but "just okay." It could be because the Shakshouka from Cafe La Maude has spoiled me for all other versions of the dish. I dunno. I might revisit during the warmer months--it does look like a decent place for outdoor seating.This restaurant is an Instagram lovers dream!!  The restaurant has a very cute aesthetic, both inside and outside.  It was a beautiful day so my friends and I sat outside for brunch, and the decor was so adorable.  The menu is pretty normal, but everything we ordered was DELICIOUS (small portions).  I ordered the eggs benefit and was happy with my choice.  The cocktail menu was so good and every cocktail was perfectly constructed.  We tried a few drinks and they were all so easy to sip - my personal favorite was the Aperol Spritz, so refreshing!  I would recommend this place for drinks & brunch.  If you are looking for a trendy & hip place to go with friends Harpers Garden is your  spot!Harper's Garden has a welcoming environment with optimal lighting. It is well decorated and the staff are eager to offer good service. For the appetizers, I had the Burrata and the Pear and Beat Salad. The Burrata was very good but very small plate. The salad was a great size and was also very good. For the main, I got the Buffalo Ricotta Flatbread. This was very tasty. Our servers name was Sebastian. He made sure our water was always full and gave us great suggestions for food options. Overall, great experience and would definitely recommend checking this place out.Very cute for brunch especially the outdoors on a nice day! Mimosas are $11 each or $20 unlimited. I got 2 so it was worth doing bottomless. I ordered the breakfast sandwich. I wouldn't normally order that for a sit down brunch but it sounded so good. Would recommend!