Of all the newly opened Philly restaurants I've been to this year, I must say this was the most visually appealing. I think the owners of Sampan and Double Knot did a great job creating an alternative universe nested between two nondescript buildings on the boring side of Sansom St. between 15th and 16th - the side with the parking garage and bare walls that are often lined with dumpsters (not to worry though - there were no dumpsters near the restaurant entrance). The decor is an interesting mixture of industrial and classy; with industrial-looking light fixtures and exposed brick walls, but also antique style furniture, framed mirrors, and paintings. The main dining room feels spacious with its open floor plan and high ceiling. Walking into this space feels like walking into a bygone era. 
Though there were a few kinks with service coming from various staff members, our server was friendly and his service was very smooth. His recommendation was ~3 small plates per person. The 3 of us ended up sharing 7 items, ranging from starters to entrees. 
Among the starters and small plates, I would highly recommend the Spanish octopus. It was very well-made - flavorful and not chewy. I believe there were 3 medium-sized tentacles. The lamb meatballs, littleneck clams, and burrata were also good, though I felt the burrata was a bit too watery, and in order to go well with it, I felt the bread that came with the dish should be a bit more glutinous. 
For our entrees, we tried the diver scallops and hanger steak. Both were outstanding. The scallops were seared to perfection (great texture and flavor), while the steak was very tender and came with a very good sauce. The pricing is not bad, but I do think the portions are a bit on the smaller side for the price. The scallop dish had 3 pieces, which came with parsnip puree and light garnish, while the steak was cut into 4-5 strips and came with a few shiitake mushrooms. We ordered a side of grilled cauliflower, which was also light. 
For dessert, I highly recommend the chocolate cake. It's so moist, not too sweet (which I really like), and comes with layers of delicious chocolate mousse (or some type of cream with similar texture). Priced at $12 a slice, it's a bit steep, but considering how phenomenal it is, I do think it's worth getting. Drink-wise, they have a pretty extensive list. I tried two cocktails and felt they were too sweet, so maybe next time I'll stick with wine or beer with my meal.Lamb Meatballs were delicioso!
Beautiful interior and the young lady at the hostess stand was quite welcoming. I'll be back :-)Probably my new favorite resturant, the food is to die for. I was stuffed and continued to eat. My favorite thing.... if I had to chose one would be the lamb meatballs. Everything from the fig toast, tuna poke, cauliflower, olives, lamb and the clams and spaghetti are also to die for. The pizza was great and baked to perfection. I was told they also have brunch which I honestly want to already go tomorrow to check it out. The ambiance is amazing, I could sit there for hours. They have a downstairs more like a private bar, with 2 lanes for bowling. Would be an awesome night out, which I want to plan to do in the near future. Our server was Brandon, who was super pleasant and would chat as well as make sure we knew what was in everything and made sure he asked about allergies and let us know what we could and could not eat. If I could give this place a 9 I would. The bathrooms are even cool, you'll have to go check it out for yourself.Best place yet in Philly.... great speakeasy like bar down stairs with a bowling alley.. but like a really classy bowling alley. Happy hour is a steal, they literally loose money on it because it's so good. Great staff especially Ryan  and Olivia! Rocking that bar!I had a holiday party at Harp and Crown on Friday the 30th. We had about 25 guests and rented the downstairs space with the bowling ally's for 3 hours of cocktails and food. The space is terrific. Having an activity like bowling was an added plus and my guests loved it. The food just kept coming and my guests loved the pizza, meatballs, cheeses and the mini calzones. The service was attentive and friendly and having had some bad experiences at other venues in the city--this was a huge plus! 
If you are considering a party/gathering in center city I give this a big thumbs up! My thanks to the Joe the downstairs manager and all the servers who helped us have a great time.I equivocated for a week about what restaurant to choose for my husband's birthday, but settled on Harp and Crown because of the ambiance and menu.
When we arrived for our 8:30 reservation, we were offered a seat in the front garden area by the window, but I preferred the larger back room. Wasn't a problem; the host came over to the couch where we were waiting and gave us an estimated wait-time--which was well-worth it!
When we were escorted to out table 20 minutes later, we found a spacious booth with two flutes of champagne! Such a thoughtful touch. 
Regarding food: my husband wanted to try a little bit of everything, so we ordered the tasting menu. I'm not a big eater, so the seven dishes overwhelmed me a little. I do, however, highly recommend the tuna appetizer and the brussel sprouts. The new salmon entree is also delicious; the dijon glaze was amazing.
As for drinks? The Ruby Slippers is light and refreshing without being a sugar-rush. 
Can't wait to take guests here!The seating sucks.  That has to be mentioned first and foremost.  Along the wall they have a giant bench seat broken up into two person sections with an immovable table mounted between them and giant lumpy pillows.  It was uncomfortable and awkward and I could tell everyone else sitting in the area felt the same way by the way they constantly fidgeted and adjusted.  I have no idea WTF someone was thinking. Also, the bar sits in the same area and its loud for a dining area.  Couldn't it be downstairs?  Or closed off?  
That said, the people were really nice and attentive and the food was AMAZING.  You know it must be good if it's worth putting up with seating that's less comfortable than the back of an airplane.  
Get the tasting menu.  Seven shareable small plates and dessert.  Try a lot of things.  It's the way to go.  It was all good, with the seared tuna cold appetizer and rabbit pasta being the stand outs, in my opinion.  Absolutely worth the price to get completely stuffed on really well-prepared and unique food.As you can see from the pictures, Harp & Crown is a beautiful restaurant and bar. The design is probably the big draw here, understandably so. 
In addition to the wonderful atmosphere, Harp & Crown makes great drinks, but I particularly recommend coming for the happy hour. The cocktail and beer options are a bit limited for happy hour, but they are good nonetheless. What's truly impressive is the happy hour food menu. It's not huge, but is both varied and very affordable. What's more, the dishes are full-portion, not sliders or mini-pizzas. I've tried the burger and the fried chicken sandwich, and enjoyed both. 
The bar here is usually crowded, but I've had good luck sitting in chairs or on the couch in their lounge area, which to me is better than the bar. It's comfortable, less cramped, and a bit quieter.My new favorite restaurant. Everything was amazing but my favorites were the roasted carrots and grilled octopus. But I don't think it's possible to pick something bad...definitely go for the $45 tasting menu, well worth it.Delightful experience. Honestly one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia, if not the USA. The food, first and foremost, was excellent. We had the roasted olives- quite lovely, cheese plate- heavenly experience with jam and pickled carrots, lamb meatballs- spectacularly savory and unique, roasted brussel sprouts- perfectly cooked and seasoned (I could NOT make this at home), the ricotta gnocchi- light and fluffy yet rich and savory, and the key lime whoopee pie- a very special, tasty dessert by their pastry chef. This chefs know what they are doing. Masters of their craft. 
The atmosphere was trendy, but warm and homey at the same time. We sat in a booth for two, which is unusual at first, but added to the intimate culinary experience. The staff were so experienced and amazing at making the experience exceptional. 
Take your next date here. It will go well.Joe was fantastic! This place has a great ambiance, amazing staff and good drinks. Shannon and Nick were accommodating and friendly, great conversation and prompt service, this is my new favorite spot!Interior design is awesome and wait staff anticipated my every want immediately.  All food items were great takes.Brunch doesn't get much better than this! $28.50 for a Full Brunch Buffet!! The variety of cuisine is endless when it comes to the spread offered. Start your meal off with some delicious cuts of prime rib or dive into some savory egg & asparagus or mushroom quiche. Finish your plate off with delectable sweet additions including the option to "Decorate your own donuts" or taste some delicious waffles with endless toppings available. &&& How can you not enjoy the $15.00 drink package that includes (4) alcoholic beverages with your meal! Not only is the food delicious but the atmosphere is cozy with a hint of a modern rustic/garden-esque feel. The service was excellent! Not only was our waitress able to provide great insight on whats most popular on the menu but she offered fabulous customer service. I also truly appreciated the manager coming over and asking us how everything was going and if everything was cooked to our liking. I think that adds a special touch! I would highly recommend Harp & Crown for a brunch spot!Came on a rainy Saturday without a reservation. Was told that the place is fully committed except for bar areas (both upstairs and downstairs). 
We went downstairs and waited for 10 mins before getting seated. We ordered Bronzino for two and Brussels sprouts. Both are delicious and it was plenty of food. 
I also came with a large group before for the bowling alleys (downstairs). Great event spot for corporate outings.Slowwwwwwwwwwwww service. It was busy, yes but wow. All I wanted to do was pay and leave and it took 10 minutes just to get someone's attention.Very good prosciutto pizza though and decent board of beers but the drafts were not very cold. The place is also so dark its annoying. When in Phila you can do better.A group of friends visited Harp and Crown for a birthday lunch.  None of us had been to the restaurant before and were looking for something new to try in Center City.  The host was extremely welcoming and friendly and we were seated right away when we walked in.  The dining area and bar are both decorated in a really interesting and unique way.  I was entertained the first ten minutes we were there just looking around at the lights and pictures on the walls. There were a good amount of options on the lunch menu, which I think is really important when selecting somewhere to dine with a larger group.  We started by sharing a Margherita pizza as an appetizer, which was delicious.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich which was very good.  My friends had the tomato sandwich, the burger, and the swordfish lox sandwich.  Everyone enjoyed their meals but my one friend thought the lox was saltier than other lox she had.  The bread the sandwiches come on is delicious and so are the house made potato chips.  I think we will definitely come back and give the restaurant another try.Really disappointing cocktails - Ordered a Manhattan and it was warm and probably half the size of a regular Manhattan at a nice place in the cityWhat a great addition to 15th and Sansom!
First, what in the world was here before Harp & Crown opened?  I've been by here a million times and have no clue.  Regardless, so happy this new restaurant is here.
First... holy cannoli, this place is GORGEOUS.  Very well done.
2nd...the service is pretty damn great.  The bartenders, host/hostess desk, waiters/waitresses, etc, they are all extremely friendly and good at their jobs.  Very professional too.
Lastly, the food.  Okay, I'm a picky one and their food is VERY well done.  Timing is perfect.  It doesn't come out so fast that you think you're in a fast food joint but you're also not waiting long at all.  
Let's face it, Burrata is never a disappointment.  And it is damn good here.  
Spanish Octopus was one of the best octopus I've ever had.  And I'm comparing it to some pretty legit Greek restaurants that I've been to (we all know the Greeks are very good at preparing their octopus).  H&C's was impressively tender and delicious.
The Beet Salad, nice size and made me very happy.
Lastly, get the Diver Scallops.  Wow they are perfect.Loved this space! Very cool lighting and minimalistic decor reminiscent of the Budapest ruin bar scene. Loved the lamb meatballs! Loved the roasted brussel sprouts! Steak was great, too.Amazing food. Amazing atmosphere. Amazing drink menu. I can not recommend this place enough to friends! I can't wait to go back and visit the underground bowling alley! Seriously a gem!The Excellent: Farro salad with mushrooms and soft egg, Brussels sprouts with chestnuts, burrata with pickled figs.
The Good: pizza with soppressata and shishito peppers
The So-So: cauliflower--too mushy, meatballs--just OK, prawns--eh
Did not order dessert, the only one that looked interesting was $12 and that, my friends, is just ridiculous.
Excellent drinks, but the size of mine was like those juice glasses from the high school cafeteria, only smaller. $10.
Cappuccino $4. We all ordered them. One cup was barely 1/2 full, but we just could not deal with sending it back.
Nothing was BAD except for the service. Aggressively paced, like they can not wait to turn over your table! Our server was good. But please do not bring the dessert menu when we are still eating our pizza. The runner and bussers were trying to clear our plates when there was still food on them! This happened 4 separate times, with 3 different people. Please let me eat my dinner at a pace that is not frantic. Drinks, small plates (please GOD When will this trend ever end?) and coffees--don't make me rush. This is not an inexpensive place. Do not try to push me out the door.
We asked a runner to send over our server so we could order another drink, and they asked US, "Who's your server?" Hello, really? She did introduce herself, but is it my job to know this?
Also, when our party of 4 arrived at 5:30 for our 5:30 reservation, the hostess brought us to a communal table for 10. When I asked if there were other tables (there were), she said that they were reserved for later. When I said that it could be awkward because we were going to be discussing some difficult issues (true, not even an excuse), could she please see about a table without others, she went to ask the manager and then brought us to our own table. I guess its just another thing you have to know about trendy restaurants--that you could end up with a bunch of strangers if you don't request your very own table!
It's nicely decorated. Very LOUD.We came for dinner and were pleased with our meal. We had reservations which I would recommend as they stayed busy while we were there. The space itself is beautiful; it's a mix of industrial and farm chic. I feel Joanna Gaines would give this place her seal of approval. 
We were greeted and seated immediately. We were given menus and our server shared the evening specials. The food is meant for sharing but you can also order individually. I split a pizza and the lamb pasta with my sister. The food was delicious and came out in stages. I especially enjoyed the pasta and liked how well it tasted. No one was forgotten though and everyone had what they ordered. 
Service was very good throughout our meal. The staff worked as a team  and were very professional. We didn't order drinks during our meal but they appeared to have a good cocktail list.I love the atmosphere of this restaurant! I've stopped by for drinks a few months back and was excited to go back and try for dinner. My husband and I went during restaurant week and WOW they really give you SO much food. It was such a great deal. We left completely stuffed with a bag of leftovers. We ordered the H&C Salad, Fig Toast, Pork Belly, Spicy Soppressata pizza, Gnocchi, Turnips and Steak. The H&C salad, fig toast, and pork belly fell flat but the pizza and gnocchi were amazing. I would go back and order those two things in a heartbeat. The turnips were pretty good, and the steak we had wrapped up to go before trying it. They made for just OK leftovers, but were probably better eaten as prepared right away. I give 3 stars because I didn't love most of the food, but there is such a huge selection I would love to go back again and try different options.Food was VERY good! We weren't allowed to go downstairs and see the bowling alley though, kinda lameI can not say enough about the ambiance here. It's is like stepping into the Gatsby era. Beautifully restored and decorated. If you can believe it's the back entrance of the old Gap Outlet when it was on Chestnut. This place is such a vibe.
We dined for brunch. Hubba Bubba! Sometimes brunch buffets include some phoned in fluff items just to fill the spread. Not this one! Yummy finger sandwiches, fresh juice, make your own doughnuts, charcuterie, delicious inventive pastries, cozy hot breakfast foods and a $15 bottomless brunch cocktail add-on. By bottomless I mean 4 drinks max. 
An absolute brunch destination and staple.The food is absolutely spectacular. I would definitely come here anytime! There are plenty of meat and vegetarian options. The environment is upscale but is a good place to have a nice conversation with a friend or a date.The decor is spectacular.  The drinks are very good but the food is disappointing.  I would come back for drinks but not dinnerThis place will rock your pants off! The food was definitely pricey but beyond worth it. Among some of the good dishes were the short rib pappardelle, Brussel sprouts, duck ragu fettuccini, Amish chicken, farro salad, and the pork shank for two. Everything was seriously AMAZING and one of the best meals I've had an a while! Plus you would never guess that the inside of the place looked so cool. It's a converted warehouse with soaring ceilings and rustic decor. Downstairs is another bar with private bowling lanes. Only disappointing part was our table was located right next to the kitchen doors so it was a bit distracting having the staff whizzing by all night long. Friendly staff though!The food was a tasty, The atmosphere is loud...The drinks are way overpriced, and the decor is a little too trendy.  
I would say it is an average place to go.  Nothing too special, but nothing wrong.I really was hoping to try this place out, but the seating was less than ideal. I was visiting Philly for the weekend and made a reservation a week in advance after looking this place up and reading reviews. When I arrived, everything looked great, the atmosphere and the host were nice asking to check our coats.
So far so good, but once we were taken to our seats (not table) we were severely disappointed.  We were sat at a table in between to other couples.  I have sat at tables very close to others, but this was literally a table for 6, that was broken up for three different parities of 2.  
The couples we were sandwiched between were very distraught that we were entering their personally space.  The venue as it was, was very loud, and each couple had to yell so their partner could hear. 
It took a while before a server came to talk to us. Because we could feel how annoyed the two other couples we were between felt and how uncomfortable we felt, we decided to get up and leave before ordering anything.
The host at the coat check saw how quickly we arrived and left and didn't even ask if there were any issues. 
I really wanted to try this place, but literally sharing a table with other people is awkward, especially when they are looking at you annoyed. I think the restaurant should evaluate their seating. It almost makes more sense to forego a reservation and just try to sit at the bar.I really enjoyed the place - the food is delicious and reasonably price. Service quality was a bit uneven - the first time i went here, service was great; second time was a-ok.I have been to Harp & Crown a few times now, and I am very much looking forward to coming back. The atmosphere is wonderful, and the food is delicious. Wonderful place for a date or night out with friends.Cool atmosphere, tasty dinner and the brunch buffet is a good way to spend a lazy morning/afternoon though the brunch food is hit or miss. Decent spread of meat/cheese, fruit and make your own omelette. The donut station was fun. Disappointed in the pancake/waffle.dined at harp & crown recently and there were several reasons that I am giving three stars, number one being service. After waiting on a bench to be seated for our reservation, we were taken to one of the side by side tables along the wall which makes conversation rather difficult, as both diners are facing the room rather than each other. After our order was taken and drinks eventually delivered we didn't have contact with our server, just with various runners, who brought everything we ordered at the same time, clams, shrimp,and salad all jammed onto our tiny table while another runner stood hovering with our pizza..we sent him away because not only was there no more room on the table, we had hoped to eat at a human pace and try to enjoy the food. Flagged down our server who immediately blamed the kitchen for firing all at once, I'm pretty sure servers do the firing but still no real care for our issue. Fortunately a new pizza was made, not just our old one still sitting around. we didn't bother with dessert, left the check and money on the table because server never returned. one and done.I came here for the first time for brunch with some friends and have to say the food was amazing, as were the drinks.  The host was welcoming, our waiter was very friendly and attentive, and the restaurant decor is beautiful!  As much as I enjoyed my experience, I do have to say it's a shame because the "face" of Harp and Crown - the manager, Matthew, whom I just got off the phone with had terrible customer service.  My credit card was charged twice so I called and left a message.  He did have a prompt response, but when I didn't want to give him the last 4 digits of my credit card over the phone because I wasn't comfortable with doing that and asked him to pull receipts from Saturday instead - his tone completely changed because "it was going to take him longer" which I replied with "that's fine".  I didn't get any inconvenience apologies, or even a goodbye.  He said okay thanks and literally hung up the phone.  Regardless if he was having a bad day or whatever it may have been, when a customer calls with this type of issue, the last thing a manager should be is rude!I wanted to like this place so badly -- Double Knot exceeded all expectations, and Sampan is consistently delicious. Harp and Crown had so much potential... 
But. 
Around 7pm on a Sunday night, the place was basically empty. Despite this, service took forever. The menu wasn't particularly enticing (especially with my annoying gluten allergy) but we placed our orders (eventually) and hoped for the best. 
Drinks? 
Good, but took forever to come out. 
Food? 
Overpriced and meh. Two people ordered the scallops, and said they were so salty they were inedible. (One said that the salt actually burned her tongue and gave her a little ulcer.) The margarita pizza was reported to have tasted like soggy cardboard. The cheese platter was good, and my fish dish was good -- but for the amount of time we waited, and the price, I wanted everyone to be blown away by everything. 
By the time dessert rolled around, everyone was fed up with waiting for not-amazing-food, and we kind of just wanted to be done. 
The atmosphere IS beautiful though -- the place is lovely. 
Intrigued about the bowling alley in the basement (fancy bowling with fancy drinks could be an interesting grown-up adventure?) we asked the host if we could go check it out. Keep in mind the place was basically empty -- and we (a group of thirty-something yuppies) would be the ideal prospective candidates to rent $200 bowling alley lanes in the future -- and yet, we were denied. Apparently you are ONLY ALLOWED to go into the basement if you order at least one drink, per person. 
We wanted to go home, but were curious about what the bowling scene was like there, and we left unsatisfied on numerous fronts. 
Hopefully these are just growing pains and this place will tweak and edit itself to live up to it's potential.Average tasting brunch that's a buffet. Food options are mostly continental with an omelette bar. Seating isn't great against the wall and the price is on the higher side for the food/quality.The staff at Harp and Crown were incredible. My husband and I went there for our anniversary at 7pm on a Friday. It was packed for sure. We sat at the end of a longer table with another group of people we weren't with and there were people behind my husband standing around the bar. Immediately the waiter apologized, kept checking on us and our comfort, and when another spot opened up, he immediately offered it to us. They kept wishing us a happy anniversary, brought over extra candles for even better mood lighting, gave us champagne, and comped our dessert which we also weren't going to get but decided to at the last minute. They were lovely all night long, recommended great drinks and food. We couldn't have been happier. The cost for the amount and quality of food was great. They say it's small plates but really it's a normal dinner size portion at home, just not a restaurant dinner portion. We brought leftovers home to say the least! Thank you Harp and Crown for a wonderful anniversary. You were all amazing. Oh and of course the place is STUNNING to top it all off!The food was really good and fresh. The waiters were amazing and the cocktails were very good. The portion sizes were a little small in my opinion but the quality was great. My favorite was the gnocchi which was cooked perfectly. The pizza is a very thin crust version which tastes great but isn't very filling. Overall a great expletive and date night, especially since the ambience is very niceLove, love, love this place!  Be sure to go downstairs (with 2 lanes of bowling)...so cool!!!!  Food was wonderful!  We had:  Pork Belly Lettuce wraps 4.5 stars;   Beef Croquets 1.5 stars; Lamb Meatballs 3.5 stars; Beef skewers 5.0; Spring lamb steak 2.0; Chocolate cake 4.0; Pear tart 5.0; Coffee 5.0.  Best of the night...Jonathan, our Waiter!!!  Funny, sassy, and on top of EVERYTHING we needed.  Will be back!I feel like this is yet another review that has a hedged statement, but the context is important.  I was here with my company of 42 so large group!  I won't comment much on the service, but I do think we were understaffed but that's to be expected for a 3-week old restaurant.  The food was a nice blend of classics like roasted chicken and charcuterie, mixed with some more interesting dishes like the meatballs and halibut.  Overall, I really enjoyed the majority of the dishes.  Nice, classic dishes.  The reason I give it 4 stars is the furniture and space.  The chairs are ridiculously small and tight.  I'm 6'1 and 180 lbs and I was super uncomfortable.  It must be doing really well because it was packed and everyone was dressed to the nines.  I honestly felt like I was back in LA with a number of suits and skirts.  Overall, I think they'll need to adjust the layout and obtain new furniture, but I think they're onto a nice thing.Rough start for @HarpCrown. Beautiful restaurant, pretty good food, awful slow and confused service. Not just our table. Every table around us. Some of our dishes just never came out, no one cared. No apologies at all. Looking for better from this talented crew.Went to Harp and Crown and enjoyed our night with a few exceptions. 
First the good: 1)seated promptly, 2)all of the staff were super nice and attentive throughout the meal, and 3) the food was really good although the portions were small, more on that later (pork belly, chicken fried mushrooms, gnocchi, and bone in ny strip for 2, sugar snap peas) 4)great cocktails 
The not so good: 
1)the seating arrangement in this place is weird. You either have to sit at a communal table or you sit cramped side by side on the wall with a tiny table in between you (The table fills up so quickly between water, cocktails and food that I accidentally knocked over a glass but the waitress was really nice about it.) we sat side by side on the wall and must have tripped at least 4 people throughout our meal walking by accident. 
2)This place is one of many places popping up in philly that thinks it's okay for the server to approach the table and ask "have you been here before? Well if you haven't, we typically share plates here and suggest ordering a few and sharing...the food also arrives as it is ready." It arrived in this order: chicken fried mushrooms(hot), snap peas(ice cold, listed as side dish), gnocchi, pork belly, steak (which came rare and cold even though we ordered it medium.) Each dish arrived randomly and the flow of the meal was broken up very strangely. The portions are also not really shareable. I could have easily eaten everything we ordered myself. After the meal, we saw a table next to use getting a pizza and we highly considered ordering one even after the steak. We decided against the pizza as the meal had already cost us enough at that point. 
We probably won't be returning any time soon.After a quick errand in Rittenhouse Square on Saturday 3/17, I had brunch at Harp & Crown on Sansom Street. First off, the restaurant space is beautiful with a very relaxing look and feel. Personal space between tables and between tables and the bar (where the brunch buffet takes place) can be a little tight when full of happy eager patrons, but everyone makes it work. Second, the service here is right on point: friendly, courteous, and professional. Third, my brunch was very good. The hostess took care of me with a great little table in the entry tiled foyer which thankfully was filled with sunshine and convincingly made you believe you were in an outdoor courtyard. Coffee and a $6 Bloody Mary special got me off to a great start. I tried the omelet station, added some breakfast sausage, and some salad, and created a mini plate with shrimp, a little soppressata and slice of provolone. After a bagel and a second Bloody Mary, I realized this brunch was thoroughly enjoyable and comforting. The crowd is a visibly happy mix of bachelorette parties, families, friends, couples, the well-heeled, and college students. I recommend Harp & Crown for brunch and plan to try it sometime for dinner. As a funny side note:  The rest rooms have a shared sink area for men and women. So just know if you are initially startled seeing someone unexpected on the other side of the door, your cocktail was not the source of your temporary confusion.A friend of mine took me here for brunch the first time I came to visit Philly and it was such a good place! The atmosphere had a great vibe and the decor is pretty awesome. It's such a hidden gem. Our service was a bit hectic since we had a couple of people waiting on our table but the gentleman who looked like a manager seem to fix everything accordingly . I def would go back , and I would recommend this place to others.Downstairs Elbow Room Bar is our new favorite place for Happy Hour!  Ryan's drinks were amazing!  Food selections for all tastes!  Can't wait to bowl:). No tv screens downstairs, so don't expect to watch the game.From the moment you walk into this place, you will definitely be impressed with the ambience. Rustic, expansive, and industrial, this place feels well thought out--and it shows. We went on a Saturday night and the restaurant was packed. Service was great, attentive, and swift. Food price ranged from $8-24 and they do inform you that the chef encourages getting several small plates to share (i.e. tapas style) so you can savor different parts of the menu. We did end up going for the lamb meatballs and a winter squash crostini as starters and they were both savory and well proportioned for the two of us. For the entree, I had the scallops and my boyfriend had a pasta dish with broken up sausage. His was definitely delicious and mine was good as well--but I thought it lacked some essential flavor with the scallops, however, and needed the accompanying sauce to completely satisfy your tastebuds. We skipped out on dessert since we were stuffed! In terms of seating, I like the casual look of things. However, if you're a couple, just to note you might be seated up against the wall in this bench type of seating which forces you to eat and face the other diners awkwardly. I see what they were going for with the bench/pillow seating but with the way that the table was sized and how close it was to the body, it was a little difficult to eat properly and look at your date or friend beside you. Nice little addition to the Philly food scene overall though.So this review is for brunch, but I've also been here for happy hour and I definitely recommend going here for happy hour.
Anyway, I made reservation for 5 people for 12:15, we were seated promptly. I know, you're asking me why are you telling me this? But here's the thing, I'm one of those people who really appreciates punctuality and the fact that they sat us right away was a plus, especially since they were pretty packed. 
The all you can eat brunch was $28 (totally worth it) and boozy drinks were a additional $6.  Included with the brunch was coffee and/or tea, fruit juice and water (duh, I know). They had a pretty big selection of cold stuff, mini sandwiches, some salads (that I skipped), cheese (manchengo and some type of creamy thing, either Brie or boucheron), cocktail shrimp, smoked salmon with all the fixings, assorted bagels, gluten free bread (if you're into that kinda thing), mini croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, bruleed grapefruit (surprisingly super delicious), and make your own donut station!
Now onto the hot stuff, oatmeal (no thank you), fried chicken nuggets, waffles (I enjoyed the batter), prime rib, sausage gravy, biscuits, potatoes, breakfast sausage (not the flat round kind), bacon (pretty thick cut), omelet station. There may have been other stuff, but, I can't remember it all.
My personal favorite(s), the donuts, prime rib, waffle and whiskey coffee cake (basically tastes like tiramisu).
Service was slow to start, but once it got started it was very good.I absolutely loved this place. 
Good food and excellent service. I highly recommend it.I have been here just once... and that experience was so good to get me to come back! 
I was here for their Sat-Sun brunch and nothing to complain about. I  have tried thousand of brunches in NYC, and although, this is not an unlimited boozy brunch, it is all you are going to need. Besides, it is good to take a break from those watery-too-sweet drinks included in NYC brunches and just opt for what you should drink (well, sometimes it can go from 1 to 10 mimosas LOL).
You have a buffet to choose from, and with the best quality meals: omelettes (diy), artisan sandwiches, cheeses, salads, cutting sections (meats), olives, quiches, etc.. and the sweet station has no comparison, there is even a donut station where you can create your own donut (customize it)... Although, I am not a big fun of donuts, I did try one.
The atmosphere is also nice, with high ceilings and pictures hanging on the walls. Maybe the seating might not be to your liking, but this is another way to interact with others.
As I said, alcoholic drinks are not included, but you have unlimited coffee/tea and freshly squeezed juices, on top of a menu with very good prices for cocktails and the like.
Service was great, our waitress was attentive and friendly at all times.
I actually wish I can find something similar in NYC to enjoy (quality meal and sweets).
If you are visiting Philly on a weekend, I strongly suggest you to stop by H&C and you can thank me later. Reservations are strongly recommended.
Until my next visit... which I have already scheduled! 
P.S. Pics to come later.Honestly, the best Brussels sprouts I've ever had in my life. One of the most beautiful restaurants in Philly.This has been on my list to try out for awhile.  I came here for lunch and was surprised at how big it is inside.  
I ordered the burger and it was a massive patty.  I would say it was almost an inch thick.  I do like the fact that it filled me up, but I think it was too tough to eat through.  Flavors were good and it does get a little messy trying to shove this sandwich in your mouth.  Got the chips and those are nicely seasoned.
Will definitely come back for happy hour or dinner and to check out the bowling alley downstairs.I went here for time the other day for a friends birthday party (reservation was at 8:30). The service was top notice but the food and it's quality was sub par. Their menu does not explicitly say what you are ordering. Especially the 'shrimp toast' that is listed under 'Hot (food)'. What I got was a burnt piece of very dry pumpernickel toast with shrimp salad on top. So burnt and dry that when I bit into the crust of the toast I almost choked. It doesn't make a lot of sense to have lamb meat balls and shrimp toast labeled under the same category as 'Hot (food)' when is what I received was a light warm meal that felt like it was put together in 30 seconds. I'm very disappointed to the highest degree.Amazing brunch! Was taken to this little gem for my BDay brunch by friends and I have to say they know me very well! If you are a foodie like myself you will love the upscale brunch buffet. The food was Exceptional, great atmosphere and worth the price. We will def be going to the H&C again soon. 
The wait staff could be a bit more attentive and friendlier but it was a crowded dreary rainy day. So this can have a pass this time lol.A drunken review...
Arrived with a few buddies after many many many cocktails.  Can't remember much, but service was great and the place is huge.  Decor and layout is amazing.
Lots of food items in small plate format.  Pork shank was ridiculously good, but I had a piece that was almost entirely fat.
Cocktails were ok, but probably not worth the price they were charging.  Plenty of other places that will give you a quality drink for about the same price.
I'll give this place another chance because I really loved the atmosphere.  Almost a 4-star rating but they need to step up their drink game.  I'll re-review on my next visit.Came here for dinner with a group. Ordered a chicken entree. The chicken was flavorful and tender. Service was nice and quick, and the server was very knowledgeable about the food menu. The atmosphere is very cool and cozy. We sat near the bowling alley so we watched other people bowl while we waited for our food to come. Wish it was not so dim inside but other than this slight complaint would definitely recommend this restaurantGreat place for a double date in the middle of the week.  I could see this place being a mad house on a Friday or Saturday night.   The décor is awesome and unique with the single lane bowling alley in the basement.  The margarita pizza was good, as was the cheese platter.
I've seen a few bad reviews from people who appear to be cranky old people, so if you are a cranky old person, steer clear.   This place may be loud as people are enjoying their lives.My mom and I went to Harp and Crown for brunch. We had reservations and we were  seated almost immediately. The place was pretty crowded but we were sat by a front window which was the perfect spot to people watch, chat and catch up! We really wanted to enjoy the experience and I can't say enough good things! We sat from 12:30-4 never feeling rushed or like our waiter was dying for us to leave! We purchased the brunch buffet and drink package which was such a great value! For $50 we had all we could eat and four drinks! The food was delicious the staff were attentive, friendly and accommodating! We can't wait to go back!This review is for their HH. I really like this place for happy hour but there is one reason that holds me back from giving five stars. I love a good happy hour spot that offers a munchies/small bites/ food menu, even if it's small. Harp & Crown's happy hour menu has options like rosemary popcorn ($3), creamy whipped ricotta with grilled sourdough ($4), garlic oregano & chili flake pizza ($5), and more. (Prices are estimates; to be honest I don't 100% remember what they were but I do remember they were priced reasonably!) I really really liked the pizza. It was a sizable pie and it was delicious with a good amount of heat. The ricotta was good too. I didn't get to try the popcorn because they forgot that part of our order but I appreciate bars who offer true snack-like options because I like to munch while I drink. They also comped our pizza since they forgot our popcorn, which was nice of them. The drinks part of the happy hour menu is where it's lacking. You get either: house cocktail, house red, house white, or daily happy hour beer. When I was there, the house cocktail was a vodka cran... like really?? This place has such a great cocktail menu and they can't rotate some of those creative drinks as part of their HH menu? Such a shame! That's why I give this HH  four stars. The house red was decent and I'd definitely come back for HH for a glass of that + some small bites. The space is really cool and the bar layout is spacious. It's a good spot for large groups or a date. Not that I experienced it but there's also a bowling alley downstairs, if you're interested.The food we ordered came extremely late and out of order. The main courses didn't come for two hours. They forgot our drink order, until we asked a second and third time. We specified we had a celiac at our table, and they still proceeded to serve her two dishes that contained gluten after making very clear that that dish needed to be gluten free. The first we caught, as it had bread on the side. The second was grilled octopus, but after we ate it, the waitress came to inform us there'd been a mistake and the sauce on her dish contained gluten. The celiac girl at our table ended up in serious distress for two days.I pretty much love everything that Schulson does but Harp and Crown really knocked it out of the park. 
Atmosphere - what a beautiful space. Inviting, intimate, airy, rustic - overall, lovely. 
Service- top notch. Our waitress was bubbly, friendly, and helpful. She was attentive and kind. 
The food- where to even begin. We came in for restaurant week and did the chefs tasting menu (normally $45 pp), and it includes 7 items and dessert. We had the H&C salad - tasty, light. The poke- really flavorful and well dressed. The pork belly- super tender, the quince purée was amazing. The spicy soppressatta pizza - hot with a great honey kick, and a generous sized pie. The gnocchi- tasty, they're made with ricotta. The steak with salsa verde - perfectly tender and beautifully presented. The brussel sprouts- some of the best I've ever had - hot and sweet. And for dessert, a chocolate cake with chocolate ganache. 
This place is the real deal- put it on your list immediately!One of the best restaurants in Philly.   Awesome atmosphere. Excellent cocktails, fantastic apps and entrees.  Work dinner where we ate family style and had one of everything including desserts.  Top notch.   Downstairs bar with bowling alley is great as well.Harp & Crown quickly became my favorite spot in Philadelphia. Went there with my boyfriend for our anniversary, and it was a perfect experience from top to bottom. 
The incredible decor transports you 100 years into the past in the most beautiful and unique way. Once you can stop yourself from looking around and can finally take a bite of your food, you quickly realize it's one of the best meals you've ever had. Cocktails are great, and the skirt steak is indescribably out of this world. Every bite we had from the steak, halibut, and Spanish  octopus to our lemon tart and chocolate cake was delicious and savored. 
We will absolutely be returning again and again and would 100% recommend harp and crown to any one of our friends!It's really unfortunate I wasn't able to leave a better review. From the looks of it, you would expect an amazing experience. I have now gone TWICE and both times they have messed up my order. Ordered multiple dishes and there has always been one item that takes over an hour to get ( we ordered everything at once mind you) or we never got it, even when the server kept telling us both times it was going to be " right out." One time, ok I get it. But twice?? Y'all need to figure it out! Food does taste well but clearly there is something going on with attentiveness of servers( or they are overwhelmed) or organization in the kitchen.LOVE this place. 
First visit was with a friend for my birthday. Friday night, couldn't get a table or a spot at the ground level bar but that forced us to explore the lower level which was sexy l, low key and awesome. Sat at the bar, had a drink that they set on fire and that fucked me up for a week afterwards.... it was so good. Just ask for the drink that gets lit on fire. 
Margherita pizza is delicious. 
Second visit was on a date with someone special. We had an amazing time. With a reservation this time in hand, Friday night yielded us a cozy table for two that was basically a long cozy couch with a round table for us to eat on. Very intimate.
We had the sampler for two which gave us a generous portion of seven dishes... one from each catergory of the menu. I was excited because I could have the Margherita pizza again while also trying the many foods my hot date wanted to try. Perfect solution. We both had the best drinks.
What makes this place is the ambiance. It is INSANELY GORGEOUS upscale, artsy, cozy, open , unique and with a great, upbeat vibe. 
Third visit was with family: shared 2 pizzas for table, scallops were delicious, Hangar steak, chocolate cake, lamb meatballs, Mac and Cheese, beet salad.... all delicious. Spanish octopus was just ok.
I can't wait to go to Harp & Crown again.Michael Schulson's latest eatery is actually difficult to describe.  With a name like Harp and Crown it sure sounds like a pub.  But it has much more of an upscale restaurant atmosphere than a casual pub drinking and eating spot.  Whatever it def looks great.  And for Restaurant Week, Harp and Crown also came through with a very nice meal.  I stopped in for a late lunch and was rewarded by lamb meatballs for starters that were truly awesome in flavor.  Unless you're a vegetarian, don't miss these.  The duck sausage fettuccine main course was less successful but perked up with the addition of hot pepper.  A pineapple upside-down cake with a scoop of gourmet ice cream (I think they said - rosemary cherry brandy ice cream) completed the meal.  I learned that this desert is called pineapple upside-down cake because they cook it with the pineapples on the bottom and then flip it when it is finished.  The service was friendly and excellent throughout the lunch.  I'm sure Harp and Crown would be a good eating choice anytime although of course a little bit pricier outside of Restaurant Week and if one doesn't expect a casual (and inexpensive) English pub atmosphere.Very cool spot, high ceilings (most likely a converted bank I'm speculating). Only had a couple cocktails but enjoyed them immensely. Sideways Car was an interesting twist and I wasn't disappointed. Would be interested in coming back to try the food!Wonderful ambiance. Engaging staff. Great brunch options.  Got the drink package and felt the beverages were light on the alcohol.After being unable to find parking for 25 minutes we finally found a spot a few blocks away. So if you can walk or Uber here, definitely do so. The atmosphere was really cute and rustic, it looks like an old factory that they revamped with some kitschy decor. I liked the restaurant itself a lot. 
No one who I encountered in the staff was particularly nice though. Everyone seemed like they didn't have time for us.
The food was okay. Nothing outstanding. We went for the brunch buffet and if you want eggs or an omelette good luck with that!! The line didn't go down the whole time we were there. You spend half of your time waiting in line for it to be cooked.
Lastly it's pretty pricey...and then me and my friend both got food poisoning. So the whole experience, other than the atmosphere, was really disappointing. Most likely will not be back."This place is sooo cool" is what I said on repeat regarding the vast space, decor and lively atmosphere at Harp & Crown in Philly.
It has a rustic, vintage feel and my friend described as a "Victorian Sunken Ship" which is pretty spot on for the decor.
It's new American cuisine, tapas style and the 4 of us on a Friday night shared 8 dishes. Our server described it as a fluid kitchen meaning food is brought out as it's prepared and not all at once.  My only gripe was that I wished there wasn't such long gaps between courses.
The 4 of us shared the following 8 dishes:
   -Sausage Rigatoni $16
   -Flat Iron Steak $18
   -Charcuterie $15
   -Spicy Soppressata Pizza $15
   -Lamb Meatballs $13 (3 to order, added 1)
   -Diver Scallops $19  (3 to order)
   -Ricotta Gnocchi $14
   -Big Eye Tuna Poke $16 
Everything was delicious, my favorite was the rigatoni & steak and found the charcuterie the least memorable.
We were all happy with the cocktails - Dying Declaration $12 is actually lit on fire! Big shout out to the guy at the bar who insisted to buy my drink because I took a video of his being prepared. Thanks kind stranger!A short walk from the Convention Center.  Food was okay but pricey for the quality. Waitstaff was friendly. Each dish comes out when ready so not everyone at the table will begin eating at the same time. The restaurant is very dark. The two of us were seated on either side of a bracket mounted to a bench running alongside the wall. A small flat table surface is attached to the bracket.  When eating, you twist your body sideways - a novel seating concept.  We were facing the bar (lots of fun people-watching entertainment).  ( :  Overall, we were not impressed with this restaurant's decor or food but this is a "hip" place so you better make a reservation if you want to eat here.Nice ambiance, great service and fabulous food. The Longfellow Sour cocktail and Hamachi small plate are "to die for"! Husband requests the beer to be colder but that's only a minor hiccup.One of the best happy hours we've come across in Philly. Lamb meatballs, Mac and cheese, and the daily special pizza were all so amazing. Great drink specials too! Awesome spot.Went to H&C for the first time last night, had a solid experience celebrating a friends birthday. Food and service was good, not great because our server forgot one of our appetizers.  Also, the small portion sizes left me wanting more because the food was so good! Is it me, or is there a new trend to charge more money for less food haha!?   
Anyway, H&C is worth checking out. Food is solid and the environment is unique.Well-made drinks and decent service. It's a large place that requires reservations, though we did manage to social engineer our way into the lower level bar, which has its own heavily stylized feel accompanied by a bowling alley that's surprisingly not that large. The server we had wasn't the most knowledgeable about cocktails--when I noted that my taste preferences run toward manhattans and negronis, the server suggested a boulevardier, and I said that I would prefer something more creative, bartenders choice. So he brought back... a boulevardier. I'm not knocking it, but that does speak to how the bar operates--it doesn't place a premium on fun cocktails the way a number of speakeasies and cocktail bars do, it's more of a scenester, see-and-be-seen joint. If you order something, they're unlikely to screw it up, but know what you want to have. The food looked great and people seemed to be raving over it. Prices were also decent.Me and several friends got food poisoning after eating here. I do not recommend eating here. I'm currently laying in bed experiencing a lot of pain.Went to harp and crown on a Tuesday evening on October 2017 around 9. It was lovely. The staffs are  very professional but not in your face. The drinks are tasty but you know they didn't skimp on the alcohol. 
There is also a bowling lane you could utilize as you are drinking. Love the atmosphere and the vibe of this place!This place is beautiful, huge, and something interesting to look at everywhere you turn. I went on a Saturday night, it was reservations only and a very packed house. With a group of five, they recommend 2 to 3 plates per person. We found that one entree each plus a few appetizers to share was sufficient. Prices were steep considering portion sizes are very small, but the food was really delicious. As for bowling, I don't even think that would've been an option. I think there's only two lanes and it seemed to be a very long wait if not reservation only.I wanted to be in love with this place. Drinks food atmosphere is amazing. 
But when you have a 8:30 reservation that you are on time for and are seated after 10 it was hard to enjoy. 
We entertained ourselves by grabbing drinks at the bar but the wait was too long. It was quit a shock to not receive a free drink or app after the long wait.Came here on a Friday evening to grab a drink with friends and was thoroughly impressed. We came right around 5, so it wasn't very crowded. The upstairs has really nice decor and all, but we made our way straight to the Elbow Room. I've been here before and I love the ambiance...it has a very warm and inviting feel, making you feel right at home. The setting has the option of being intimate, which makes it great for dates as well. The two bowling lanes is a nice touch, and while I haven't had the opportunity to try them, a nearby group seemed to be enjoying it a lot.
The mixed drinks are really well made and they aren't too expensive. The creativity that goes into each drink is something that is definitely worth mentioning. We tried The Crown Jewel, Slow Fix and The Charred Stone, all of which were delicious. Our favorite was the Charred Stone, beacuse it was probably the most unique and tasted the best. Overall, I highly recommend coming here, whether it be with a group of friends, a date or just by yourself.Came in for dinner and drinks, had to say I was thoroughly disappointed.  The layout was crowded and awkward. The food was average, but for the price, we could have had an outstanding meal somewhere else.  The cocktails were uninspired and the draft list brief.  Was not impressed and will not be returning.The food here is four stars. 
The three stars come from the atmosphere and service. This place gives off a pompous feel, from the layout, to the customers, to some of the waiters.
Our waiter seemed insulted we did not order one of the very expensive main dishes, choosing instead to order a variety of secondary dishes (we didn't know they were secondary until the waiter grimaced and asked if that was it). It also took more than 20 minutes for dessert to come out. We would have been fine with that if there was an update, but the waiter went MIA. We just wanted to get out of there at that point. 
If you like fancy places, this is your spot. If you like more laid-back and chill places, like me, you're better off somewhere else.Great place to stop by for a drink! I came by with some friends for happy hour one afternoon and went down to the lower part of the restaurant. There's a dark hall and at the end of it is a door to a smaller bar and a bowling alley. The atmosphere of this place is unique and definitely worth checking out!
Food wise, the meatballs were delicious!  Chicken fried mushroom was a crispy fried mushroom (not sure how chicken fits into it). The burger was just average...
Overall, the good food with a special feel to it. I would recommend checking it out!The brunch was one of the best I've ever been to. The chicken and waffles was very good. Potatoes, bacon sand sausage was plentiful and we'll cooked.**This review is for the bowling lanes rental only
My best friend turned 35 and her bf rented out the lanes from 11-2am.  We had an open bar with a private server with appetizers included.
Decor - They did a great job..cozy and very well done.  You almost feel like you are at someone's house (who has good taste)
Food- we had pizza, a raw fish ceviche type appetizer, Swedish spicy meatballs, and a hummus type dish..all the food was great and they served everything in 2 waves which I appreciated since we got there late
Cocktails- they were excellent and strong..I swore I had 10 of the Ruby Slippers or " something " slippers
Service - our server had her shit together and I rarely say that ever.  I had a new cocktail in hand when I had 2 sips left of my old cocktail.  I bowed down to her skillz and I know what I'm talking about as I used to serve.  
Bowling- it was cool
I would 100% recommend this place for parties..just keep an eye out for floozies trying to jump the velvet rope and crash the party.  They are a sneaky bunch!Loved this spot. Came here with my friends on a night out in the city. The atmosphere is definitely what makes this place, it is very cool and classy. As everyone has said in their reviews, the decor really is beautifully done and super unique. I would describe it as a mix of vintage and industrial. We hung out upstairs at the bar for awhile. Then, we eventually made our way down to the basement/lounge area which is super nice. The coolest part is there is a bowling alley in the basement, we didn't get to use it as it was pretty busy so I am guessing it is something you reserve in advance. The cocktails were very well made, I was drinking the crown jewel which was really good. I would definitely recommend. Service was good. Overall, this is a really nice, unique spot in the city. Perfect for a night out. I would like to come back for dinner soon to try the food and see if it lives up to the atmosphere. If so, I will update my review.Do yourself a favor and come here for brunch. Huge buffet with everything you can think of and great add-on drink package. Unlimited brunch items and great bevs! Get here!Awesome drinks, great food, impeccable service!
The location is great! Spacious and with a nice industrial feeling. The bar area is cozy with several seats, the restaurant counts several tables with interesting layout.
Cocktail are creative and delicious.
The food is extremely good, flavors are bold and intense without been heavy. The variety of the menu will ensure to meet the taste of everyone. Last but not the least, portions are generous (you'll not leave hungry).
And... Don't forget to check the downstairs bar!!If I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars I would! I haven't had this great of an experience in a restaurant for a long time.
From the second you walk in the door, you feel like you're transported back in time. They've done an excellent job with the old-timey decorations (lamps, paintings, lots of plants), right down to the waiters' and waitresses' suspenders.
For appetizers we ordered the Domestic Artisanal Cheese Board, Burrata, Olives, Heirloom Beet Salad, and Lamb Meatballs. We were a little disappointed in the quantity of cheese we got with the cheese board, but the cheese itself and pairings were delicious. We loved that the olives were hot - a first for me in a restaurant. The Burrata was delicious and complimentary on the house. The lamb meatballs were also delicious.
For main courses we got the seared salmon, wild caught halibut halibut, and summer squash. They were all perfectly cooked and the flavors fit very nicely together.
For dessert we had chocolate cake and blueberry whoopie pie. Both were out of this world!
I will definitely come here again and look forward to the next time. This restaurant really went above and beyond and stuck out for me above the rest :)Over year ago one of my coworkers suggested I dine at this place the first chance I got.  They were blown away by the service and food the received at Harp & Crown. Cutting to the chase it was OK, I wasn't impressed. When I looked at the menu over year ago the prices kind of turned me off based on what was being offered for the price. But now that it's restaurant week why not try it for $35? Again it wasn't bad just not great.
When I arrived, outside there's only a sign with the physical address of the building it does not have a sign indicating the name of the restaurant.  Now I'm looking kind of weird peeking through the windows. Upon entering I was greeted and directed to the host stand my plus one was already there and we were immediately seated. 
Once seated the staff came over to explain the restaurant week menu. Seven courses to share, no problem me and my food homey have no problem staying on the same page when it comes to food. We had the heirloom beet salad, fig toast, grilled prawns, spicy soppresata pizza, flat iron steak and grilled Brussels sprouts. The heirloom beet salad was tasty, the fig toast not so special, grilled prawns were mostly shell and overly cooked, the spicy soppresata pizza was delicious, the steak was on point and the brussels sprouts were over cooked with a burnt not grilled or broiled taste and mushy.  We also had very delicious Italian sausage with rigatoni. The final course was a sliver of three layered chocolate cake that was slightly dry, not overly sweet it was just fair. Looking at the glasses of wine others received I was short changed but it depends on who pouring.
On the bright side the service was quick and friendly and the price of $35 was well worth the visit. Would I go again? Probably only during restaurant week or if I had a gift card.Super solid food, and the staff made you feel all the more welcome. Traveling on business, it was a solo mission; I had the:
- Octopus 
- Burrata
- Hanger steak 
-The carrots also looked good ;)
- Washed it down with the essential post-meal espresso ‍After all the hype, I expected better. We went for lunch and everything was just so - so. Had the porcetta and it was mostly bread. The service was not attentive. If you go make sure not to sit in the front room - it's freezing.Will have to come here again with a group of close friends. It's such a nice, classy place to have a drink and socialize at the bar or if you fancy, to participate in some bowling at the private bowling alley downstairs. My friend and I went to the downstairs portion (at this I was so excited - it's such a secretive little place as the upstairs looks like a very fancy four star restaurant but then you go downstairs and it looks like a cruise ship with cabins and then you find the secret door that leads to this underground bar ughhhh I love little hidden gems like these).
The drinks were good. The bartender apparently poured some extra of a drink - about two shots worth... and asked my friend and I if I wanted it. My friend graciously offered it to me (as the drinks there are quite strong too) and I ended up chugging it as we were just planning to leave for the next bar when the drink was presented to us...it was a freaking good shot of whatever it was. That made me very happy. Such a nice experience I have to go again and hope that the bartender does another extra pour of whatever concoction she's whipping up for a customer!My husband and I came here with both of our parents after seeing a show at Walnut Street Theater. The decor and vibe of the restaurant is awesome. There are so many intricate details in the design. We sat at a round table (which was awesome for a group of 6) and our waiter could not have been more accommodating. He was so pleasant and described everything on the menu. We opted out of the tasting menu as we weren't overly hungry and instead chose to order various items from the menus. The flatbreads are amazing and definitely good to share. The scallops are the biggest ones that I have ever seen and were served in a beet sauce. I definitely recommend this place for a group. It was a little bit loud, but we were able to hear each other just fine.If you don't have a reservation I would skip this place. They will send you down to the basement past all of the kitchen doors and bathrooms into a bar.  If you want to pay a lot of money to sit on a bar stool to eat your dinner that would be the place for you to go. Even if you do I have a reservation I might skip it. Very dark. Hard to see what you're eating. Upstairs is one big open room. Very noisy. Don't plan on hearing any conversation while you're there.Our NJ family took us to this place for happy hour in the heart of Philadelphia. This place was surrounded by bars and eateries as well. 
The inside of the bar is beautiful and has that old nostalgic speakeasy feel. The staff are dressed formal and are super friendly and helpful. We only planned to stop for a quick bite and drink for happy hour and didn't plan to eat dinner there. We went to the bar and what was very convenient about it was there are hooks underneath for you to hold your purse or shopping bags while you sit. Good job on that idea especially since there a bunch of stores around. Very aesthetic place to eat with unique tables and couch booths.
Now the reason I gave this place three stars is that one person in our group waited about 45 minutes I'd say for their order of pizza. The rest of our group got our food pretty fast. We asked about the pizza twice and it still them awhile. It's not the bartenders fault though, I think it was just miscommunication. But we wanted a quick bite to begin with so this incident didn't help. Either way I would still come back here better dressed and ready for a good time.So so so good. The brussel sprouts, gnocchi, and I can't remember what else we ordered but it was all amazing. Great first meal for my first trip to Philly!I had no idea until my friends and I were seated that brunch was a $28 buffet. Luckily no one seemed bothered by it, and I figured I had just missed something online, but after checking today, it's not obvious anywhere that this is the only brunch option. The food was delicious and the ambiance was awesome, but I wish I knew ahead of time so I could warn people we would be spending that much (although you can make it worth it) before we sat down. Typically we spend like $15-$20. Great service and good for small groups or a date.Shannon and Ryan were amazing! Perfect drink recommendations! 10/10 would visit againI didn't realize this place just opened, but it looks really nice.  There was a pleasant doorman, who opened the door to a packed house on a Wednesday night.  Almost all of the tables were packed, but we just wanted drinks.  We headed to the bar and found a nice area without a lot of people.  We were promptly served with water by the barback, but it took a long time for a bartender to get to us.  A loud group of four moved next to us and were served by the bartender.  Then the bartender disappeared.  After at least five minutes, but most likely closer to ten, we were waited on.  We decided to close our tab and try some other venues.  
The one round of drinks that we got were good.  I drank the Charred Stone, which had bourbon, ginger beer, mint and a grilled peach.  It was so good.  
We looked around and checked out the bowling alley in the basement.   We'll probably be back, but maybe next year.  Hopefully they can get their bartenders to pour drinks, rather than talk to each other...I was expecting great things from Michael Schulson and his wife Nina, but I couldn't be more disappointed.
The space itself upstairs looks nice but the layout is pretty bad.  It's like a half-assed bar that they then decided to add dinner tables to, and sitting at a table you feel like there's a constant stream of people walking by.
We were going to a party downstairs and it's apparently a huge production with the girl at the top of the stairs radio'ing downstairs to tell them she's "sending people down".  You go down into the basement, past a bunch of swinging doors for the kitchen, and then into a small room in the back that looks like it was decorated by a bunch of stoned college students with weird panels glued and nailed to the ceiling.  The crowd down there is anything but VIP, it was a bunch of older married guys dressed in loose fitting button down plaid shirts and drinking beer at the bar while all hitting on the two lone cougars who happened to be standing around.
On the way down, we were stopped in the hallway while Nina was in the process of screaming and yelling at a group of guys trying to leave because they wanted to use the elevator due to a cast on his leg.
After getting downstairs, it only goes downhill.  Food is mediocre, but service is even worse.  Ordered drinks, then after she brought over 1/2 of the drink order, we ordered food.  Food was delivered, we reminded them we were still waiting for 2 of our drinks.  15 min later, still no drinks.  Had to grab her a third time to finally get her to bring me my drink . . . and it's not even crowded down there!  I will say that the burger was good, as were the fries (but not worth coming back for).  The duck foe gras dish was also good, but portion size was way too small.
When I went to use the bathroom, I had to go back down the hallway to the kitchen area.  The single bathroom had towels and toilet paper on the floor and looked more like what you'd expect from a subway station than a nice restaurant.  
Given the staff's lack of service, the overpriced menu, the condition of the facilities, and the cherry on top -- the wild and rude owner Nina making a scene -- it's easy to recommend avoiding this spot and going to any one of the dozen+ other options within a 2-block radius from here.Harp & Crown is the most overrated restaurant in the city.
I've been to Harp & Crown a regrettable six times since it opened and have been annoyed each time I decided to give it a second chance.  In those experiences, I had rude/slow/negligent wait staff and the food was never more than average.  The most disappointing part is that the restaurant just looks cool and trendy.
Pros: decor, clean bathrooms, spacious bar
Cons: service, table cleanliness, food, the bill at the end.
Spicy Sopressata Pizza, gnoochi, and fig toast were very good.
Chicken, was okay.
Cauliflower, used to be good when they opened.
Brussell Sprouts were awful.
Go here for drinks, keep your expectations low, and order food anywhere else.First of all the the atmosphere and the decor is awesome .  Beautifully designed .  Our server was professional and friendly and knew the menu . 
To start we had the cheese plate , 3 cheeses jam pickled carrots and granola . Delicious 
Our main dishes we shared , steak , scallops and stuffed pasta with sausage , all excellent , especially the accompanying sauces . We had the Brussels sprouts which were roasts and that was everyone's favorite . The other side we had was the mushrooms also very good . 
I highly recommend this restaurant .Highly recommend! Food is delicious, restaurant is beautiful, and the staff very professional. I made a dinner reservation here to celebrate a friend's upcoming wedding and the staff really took care of us. Couldn't be more delighted.Really good. I've come here for sips and happy hour and the menu options and serving sizes are large and affordable. Kinda dark but I love the garden area for seating. Ill be back!Had brunch here and it was absolutely amazing! The decor and ambiance are phenomenal....so cute and eclectic and way bigger on the inside than it looks on the outside. The service was also really great. They have the brunch buffet, which is never as good to me as made-to-order meals but it was still great. And cocktails were DELICIOUS. I will definitely be going back !Had dinner at Harp and Crown last night.  Had been very excited to try this place.  The ambiance was great however the food left much to be desired.  The "chicken mushrooms" were absolutely disgusting and we found a hair in them.  The lamb meatballs were terrible.  The shredded vegetable salad was massively overdressed. The pizza was good but came out cold.  Had high hopes for this place but will not be returning.Excellent brunch! $28.50 for a great brunch buffet which includes an omelet station, and a plethora of drink and food options. The food was great. The service was great. The ambience is lovely and modern/rustic.
Would return and would recommend.This space is beautiful. The front room feels like it's meant to be outside with large plants hanging from the ceilings, and the main dining room has a really artistic vintage feel, with portraits and old mirrors lining the antique looking walls.
They don't have restaurant week on Saturdays, and at first glance I thought it would be super pricey for dinner because their menu does not post the prices, so I went around 5 for happy hour (love a Good Friday happy hour)!! The menu prices were shockingly not that high, (why hide them?!) but the HH deals were even better. They offered a signature cocktail, and house wines for $4/5. The wine was good too, didn't seem like the cheapy stuff! 
Food wise the HH menu offered several menu items discounted to about $5, to which you could end up eating almost a full meal on happy hour prices. The plates were all fairly shareable, so our group of 3 ordered a few from HH menu and a few from the regular menu. 
Some highlights: Lamb meatballs, Olives (served warm which caught me off guard at first)
Lower on my list to reorder would be the chicken sliders, because they kind of just seemed like bar food where everything else was so much higher caliber, and the Steak, which had amazing flavors but the cut of meat was really fatty that I found myself chewing a little too long.I am surprised this only has a 3.5 star rating.
The decor and the concept were amazing.
All of the food was excellent.
The service was on point, and not in your face.
The only critique would be that the tables were a teeny bit close together, which is their prerogative to decide how they want to set up the restaurant and how many tables they want to cram in there.
I saw no reason to rate this anywhere near 3.5 stars.
And then you can walk downstairs into the basement and go to a cool bar and bowl?
Come on... That's a lot of fun!The food is great, the atmosphere is great, the service is fantastic.  We went for a work lunch this afternoon and were truly blown away by our experience.  From our waitress to the hosts to the manager, everyone was kind, attentive and caring.  Every one of us left highly recommending Harp & Crown and intending to return.This spot is my go to for a dinner date with my girlfriend. Great food, drinks, service, and decor. We have such a good time with each other here that we stopped going elsewhere for date nights. Sooooo amazing!  My favorite spot in the whole city.Came here with a large group for a late dinner. I loved the decor immediately, and the staff was friendly. We had cocktails and a bunch of small plates. Everything was great, I don't think there was any food left on our plates, we ate it all! We had lamb meatballs, cauliflower, hanger steak, olives, cheeseboard...all of it was good. I would definitely come back here and recommend it.OMGOSH! This place was so nice; service was great, food was amazing, atmosphere was perfect for date night or a small group dinner. We had birthday reservations for sat night at 9:15pm and actually arrived early and were lucky enough to get a table early. They have bowling down stairs but is 1st come 1st serve, but there was a private birthday going on so we didn't get to do that. 
5 of us ordered different beers all around, I myself got the "Sly fox" which was dark ale but less than 4%, I would recommend this if you don't like dark beers because their too strong; it had a nice lite coffee flavor. 
Our waitress was very informative, she let us know that everything is ordered all at the same time and brought out as it is done.  
Ok on to the food!!!! I 100% recommend everything we ordered. Salads/cold: the beet salad, cheese plate and warm artichoke salad.  I think I could've not shared the beet salad, it was so delicious. Pizza: margherita & spicy soppressata; I have been thinking about that spicy sopressata since we left!!! It topped with shishito peppers and drizzled with honey: perfect salty sweet & slightly spicy. We ordered the bucatini pasts which has big pieces of Dungeness crab, it's a bit tangy but pasta was done right! Hanger steak and roasted Cornish hen were so good! The polenta that comes with the hen was creamy buttery and perfectly seasoned. For our veggie dishes we chose charred broccoli rabe which was a bit bitter for me and asparagus(not pictured) which was cooked perfect and the mustard vinaigrette was delicious. We did not opt for dessert but for my fiancés birthday the brought out a sparkler in some sort of cake with lemon crème. Such a nice touch and perfect ending. 
Overall I wish I could give this place a 6th star. If you don't have any food allergies the server will suggest the chef's tasting menu which is ~45/person. Our waitress also told us about weekend BRUNCH!!!  I believe she said was $28/person and BUFFETT style! I will definitely consider this when we come back. Great job everyone at H&C, I can't wait to return.Was in here two weeks ago for lunch where i was served a virtually inedible roast pork sandwich.
Back again tonight to try dinner menu.
Started with cheese board and salami plate.
Both were poorly presented and subpar in taste.
My guest ordered the burger and we actually laughed out loud at the frozen-patty-looking piece of meat. Taste confirmed our suspicion.  Burger was less than half eaten.
I ordered the scallops.  I've had better in chain restaurants. Again, left more than half unfinished.
Drink portions are stingy.
Service is sorely lacking in knowledge and professionalism.
Decor is terriffic and a lively bar scene.Love, love, love Harp & Crown.
Today is my Birthday and I wanted to treat myself to a nice lunch. I was shocked to see so many people! That was a good sign for such a nice place to have such a strong lunch following.
As soon as I took a seat at the bar the staff took immediate notice. The real shining star to my experience was Bartender Sarah who could not have been nicer. She noticed my Bengals bag and immediately starting talking to me about Cincinnati. I then mentioned it was my Birthday so I was treating myself and she took immediate action. 
She took sparkling water and infused it with what I believe was some sort of grapefruit flavoring and pomegranate seeds and put it in a champagne glass to make me feel fancy. I did not ask her to do this and it honestly made me feel really special that she cared that it was my birthday.
I ordered the Burrata and the Chicken Liver Mousse. Both were fantastic!! Everything came out quickly which was awesome because- like most people- I only had an hour for lunch.
This was my Second time at Harp & Crown- My boyfriend and I had gone for restaurant week and that was equally amazing. We got to try their Restaurant Week menu and it was SIX courses! And the courses were pulled right off their usual menu so we really got the experience of getting to try what Harp and Crown has to offer. What do they have to offer? Pure. Bliss.
I will be back here again and again. Lunch and Dinner. 
Thank you Harp & Crown for making me feel special on my Birthday. Bigger shout-out to Bartender Sarah. **H&C you got a winner there.
Thanks again!I love everything ! Food was out of this world(buffet so yes like all the food). The design and decor is something to put Anthropology to shame. Finally getting my bf to go to delve in the amazingness.My buddy picked this place for his visit from north jersey and I'm glad I was able to make it down in time to enjoy a night out.  By the time I got there, my buddies were already downstairs at Elbow Lane.  Upon walking in there were ppl all over for me to ask where this was.  First the coat check girl since I walked almost to the bar before realizing the entrance to Elbow Lane is to the left as you first walk in.  As I walked over I was greeted and asked if I needed help and was told to make my way down as we had a reservation.  
For me, this seemed like a maze as I wasn't sure which door I passed walking down the hall would lead to the bowling lane.  All I had to do was go all the way straight down make the left leading into the bar lounge area and then walk over to where my buddies were already bowling.  The setup is pretty sweet, decent seating for a group of 8-10.  Reservations are needed ahead of time to bowl and I believe it is around $200-$225 including a nice set of rental shoes for 2 hours I think.  I don't recall if it's required that you order food and drink as my buddy said we spent like $200 on food and drinks but that doesn't seem right.  You get a server for your lane which is nice and the bar menu has some good choices to munch on while bowling.  We had the margherita/soppressatta pizzas and lamb meatball sliders.   Service was pretty good for the most part except when we needed some plates taken away as we ordered a bunch of stuff and the table got crowded fast.   The bowling alley was nice at first tho later towards the end of our run the lane froze and so someone had to walk to the other side to reset everything.  The lane itself isn't regulation as the run up to the line is shorter than that or a regular bowling alley and while I'm not a good bowler I am much better than the 37 I bowled this night lol.  
After bowling, we were able to head upstairs to check out the bar.  Good amount of space and nice crowd.  Was able to enjoy ourselves until our one buddy got kicked out for unnecessarily berating the nice girl about bumble dates lol
I would definitely come back as I enjoy sampan and double knot, tho I think my buddies would enjoy trying double knot's downstairs next time.We went the weekend after it opened and it was nothing short of amazing! It was some of the best food I've had in a long time. It's nice that they can make almost anything gluten free too! 
The space is stunning. It is larger than it looks from the outside for sure. The menu is designed for sharing with mostly small plates that arrive as prepared not unlike Michael Schulson's other establishments. Every course was layered with flavors and executed perfectly. Among my favorites of the evening were the beet salad, the halibut, the carrots and broccoli. The dressing on the salad was a perfect combination of sweet and tart with its beautifully bright citrus dressing. The halibut was cooked perfectly, moist yet flaky with a perfect caramelized sear in a deliciously rich corn broth. The carrots had a nice smoky char and a bit of chili spice. The broccoli I believe was roasted and housed a delish sauce in its crown. So good! Everything so good!!My boyfriend and I went for brunch on a Sunday and although we had reservations we had to wait about 45 mins. There was a large party holding things up. Everyone who worked there was very accommodating and apologetic and even gave us a complimentary drink while we waited. We sat in the front room which was so adorable and a great atmosphere. The brunch food buffet was great. So many different types of foods - something for everyone. I would recommend getting there earlier rather then later because we noticed once the "make your own donuts" were gone around 1:45 they did not restock them. We will definitely be back. Loved it.Went here last night for dinner, party of 12. Our waitress was great and on point. Always hard to manage a table that big! Good job! 
This is sort of tapas style. They have smaller and larger plates as well as pizzas. Waitress suggested we order a bunch and share, so we did. Food is free flowing from the kitchen, doesn't come out on courses which is fun with a big group I think. 
Drinks are quite wonderful. They really put a lot of effort into them. So many unique versions and twists on traditional drinks. Very cool!!!
The decor and ambiance in this place is awesome. very high ceilings which makes it feel like you're not in the middle of the city. Huge bar, staffed well. 
Really great experience!!!I came to Harp & Crown last night based on a recommendation from a friend so I was very excited, unfortunately, it didn't meet my expectations. 
The ambiance was amazing! There's so much character in the decor it really feels like you're exiting Philadelphia and entering another place. The people, from the front doorman, to the host, server, and management were all amazingly pleasant, I can't say more about the people. Where the restaurant gets a poor review is the timeliness and taste of food.
We had a reservation for 9:15p which we arrived 5 minutes early for. We were seated and ordered by 9:20p purposefully specifying that we were desperately hungry and wanted to make sure the food was put in even before the drinks. Understanding that the restaurant is tapas style we ordered the octopus, branzino, a pizza, and side of broccoli. We didn't start to get any food to our table until about 10:10pm. The establishment was very busy, but mostly with patrons at the bar area, not people dining. We pointed out the delay a couple of times and management was kind to add some things to our order complimentary but it certainly was disheartening having to wait so long so late in the evening. 
The octopus was luke warm and very fatty so I didn't quite enjoy it although the Olive and Berry accompaniment was a nice pairing. The broccoli was delicious but cold. The Branzino was full of bones. I was expecting the server to cut it for us as it was a full filet of fish but it was just dropped off at the table. I didn't enjoy the flavor of the Branzino either, it was comparable to tuna. The pizza was fantastic! The Tuna Poke we were gifted was fantastic as well. The flavors were bold and the tuna tasted very fresh. 
I'll definitely come again, perhaps it was a bad night.Harp & Crown is a fun spot in a convenient location of center city (near the Patco 15th/16th station stop for those visiting from South Jersey). My visit was about 2 weeks ago, and I still remember my good experience pretty well! The inside is very trendy with tables available to seat parties large and small. The décor will kind of remind you of Walt Disney's "The Haunted Mansion" crossed with Hogwarts. A fun detail is that the TV near the bar which was playing an Eagles game (go birds) when I dined in was in black and white to match the old timey aesthetic. I thought the TV was broken at first lol (millennials probs). The drinks were well priced in comparison to other center city restaurant and pretty strong, I was feeling it after my second. 
I visited with a party of about 8 and Harp and Crown was very efficient in accommodating our reservation size. We ordered multiple small plates and three of the pizzas (Spicy Soppressata was my personal favorite because it was spicy but mellowed out due to an added ingredient of honey). All of the food was amazing and unique, there were zero complaints from anyone in my party. Looking back on my experience, I only wish that the serving sizes were a little bigger. It was fine because we ordered so many different choices, but our pasta dish was so small it was tough to share it.
Definitely try the Brussel sprouts! Next time I will have to checkout the bowling alley in the lower level.Nice but not memorable.
Wait some was memorable. The beef tartare was great the clam pasta was nice the gnocchi was nice.
The rest was average. They really try to hard. So much I have seen it all before 
The place maybe the most beautiful thing in a Philadelphia restaurant  food was so expensive I say noGreat Saturday brunch buffet but the service was pretty bad.  The buffet was extensive with many options.  My waitress, however, was generally disinterested in doing her job.  It was very disappointing.  This place would have received a 4/5 but for the poor service.Stopped in for happy hour and really enjoyed the cocktails and apps. Great ambiance. Great service. All around positive experience. Will be back.The decor is nice, gorgeous industrial interior, however the music was too loud and didn't coordinate with the look...which created an awkward ambiance.
The restaurant was fairly empty at the time of night my partner and I had gone in, but with six employees behind the counter it took us 5 minutes just to get menus (while seated directly at the bar). We were handed a drink menu and kitchen menu and left to make our decisions, getting their attention again was a task in itself as the employees were huddled together and enjoying each other's company rather than tending to their customers.
Placed an order for a cocktail and a glass of wine with some appetizers, but the server told us that food wasn't being served...my suggestion would be not to give menus for food if the kitchen is closed.
We opened a tab with intentions of enjoying more than just one drink each, unfortunately they closed us out without checking in on us or implementing last call (early). We tried to order a second round but were told that last call already happened, this was at 1:15 AM, neither of us had left the building so it's not as though we were absent when the announcement was made.
A woman seated next to us asked them if she had time to finish her drink that she was just served (if it had been last call, how was she able to order??) and they told her to take her time and they were open until 2:00 AM.
Customer service definitely took a backseat at this establishment, I would recommend that the staff be trained to communicate better with the patrons and encourage them to engage with them as well...they are the reason for being there, not to socialize with one another.Came here one Sunday morning for brunch following my wedding the day before and I must say that it was the perfect choice! 
My husband and I walk in and are immediately sat at these odd tables. Imagine sitting on a bench and everybody is facing the same way with a table in between you. It was odd but I think a good use of their space. We were greeted by our server and told that they have a mimosa special "You can either get one for $9 or four for $15..." he told us. Are you kidding me!? That's an insanely incredible deal! Even if you don't drink all 4 and only get 2, it's still worth it (not to say we didn't have all 4 haha). 
Their brunch buffet is the thing dreams are made of. I think it was $28 per person or something like that. I mean the selection of foods here will knock your socks off! You can have anything from chicken and waffles, oatmeal, lox and bagels, a specialty-made omelette, roast beef, bacon, eggs, sausage, you name it! It also included fresh fruit juices, pastries, and fruit! This place is a dream for vegetarians and carnivores alike! I will 100% hands-down be back!Group of five in from out of town. Enjoyed he atmosphere, cocktails and shared many small
Plates. A little improvement on service and this would be five starsI went for Happy Hour before dinner last night with a friend from California.  The drinks and the bartender were fantastic! You could tell that he had a real passion for making drinks. We had the beef tartar and the Salumi for appetizers. The service was great, and I would recommend going here.Excellent food and drink. Service and decor very good. My only complaint was that it is much too loud. I would definitely go back.The decor and food is wonderful and I would absolutely return based on that aspect.  Reminded me immediately of the Antique Garage in Soho, NY which I highly recommend should you be looking for a great spot to grab a bite to eat/drink in Soho.  As far as trying to actually just have a drink at the bar at Harp & Crown - not so easy.  Not sure why, the bar area was half empty and there is a bouncer at the front door turning people away.  Perhaps they want to create the vibe that this is an exclusive spot - not necessary - the food and atmosphere speaks for itself.First, this place is has a great atmosphere. Downstairs is such s cool place and upstairs has its own flavor. I'm writing strictly about their bouncers. I did not have a single drink on my way in with my wife when I pull the door but wasn't expecting it to swig so tight and I accidentally let it go slamming the door..: this is one of those temporary doors to keep the cold out. This happened months ago...The bounce immediately told me I was clearly drunk and couldn't come in. He was very rude and nasty. I thought okay maybe I can see where he is coming from and after expressing my frustrating and explaining I didn't have a single drink - he still refused me coming in so I left. After a few months I figured I'd try again to have dinner here with my wife this weekend. We got there around 8pm for dinner. we wanted to sit downstairs. Front desk said it was fine. We tried to go down stairs and again same bouncer said they were at capacity. He would let my wife down but I wasn't allowed. I couldn't believe this. Almost like they wanted to be a club. This was my wife we were taking about. He said I could eat upstairs and he'd let my wife down really? I truly believe it was because I'm white. 
I literally refuse to ever step foot in this place. I give them two because overall the place is great expect their employment of this tall, overweight doorman.Swanky lil' joint with a small bowling alley in the basement. Who thought of this great idea?
We visited Harp & Crown on the first Friday night that they were open. Reservations were difficult to come by due to the anticipation of the grand opening, so we opted for a late dinner at 9:30 PM.
The decor is a modern twist on all-things-vintage (if that makes sense). The bar space was hopping but we had to wait a few minutes by the check-in area for some room to become available before we could grab a drink. I presume they were aiming for crowd control by the narrow bar. Within a few minutes we were barside, awaiting our much-needed spirits. They offer some inspired cocktails that are crafted with fresh juices (always a plus). There is something on the drink menu for everyone. 
Small plates are where it's at here. We sampled the roasted olives, chicken liver mousse (surprisingly good!), artisan cheese plate, oysters, and a flatbread that was devoured so fast that I couldn't even tell you what in the Sam Hill was on it! Margherita, I presume. 
New establishments always need some time to work out the kinks, so I am not going to ding them for little service issues. We encountered smiles among the staff even in light of a very busy evening. We made reservations for a few weeks out and we are looking forward to returning. And I am hopeful to kick some bowling arse in the downstairs lounge next time around!The food is good but nothing special.  The atmosphere can get pretty loud and they get a nice mix of young professionals and an older crowd.  The bowling alley/bar downstairs is pretty cool.Went here tonight, was looking forward to it since I love sampan. I was disappointed with the service.. I asked for lemon with my water twice and never received it.. Also, sat at a table downstairs where the air was blasting and I asked 3 different times for the air to be turned down and I was cold with my coat on the whole time, air was NEVER turned down, mind you its 45 degrees outside.. I ordered the ceaser salad and scallops that were both very MEDIOCRE although the burratta toast was fantastic.. on the fence whether I should give this place another shot it could have just not been my night tonightBeautiful space, one of the most stunning and unique restaurants in Philadelphia.  Great service and great food.  Lunch was excellent, something for everyone.  We had the pizza and burgers which were fantastic.  Others had steak which they enjoyed.  We took a tour of the downstairs lounge and bowling alley and I cannot wait to go back for a cocktail.  It is like stepping back in time not a detail was missed in the decor.  Incredibly cool vibe.I went here for restaurant week. We had 7 items on the menu. It was a good meal with some amazing dishes. I did not get to try a lot of the meat dishes because I was with a vegetarian but I'd highly recommend the restaurant regardless. 
1. H&C Salad (4/5) - good combination of red lettuce some sort of squash and pear. It could have done well with a little extra dressing but that maybe personal preference.
2. Hamachi (4.5/5) - This was an refreshing dish with avocados sauce, lemons, and grapefruit on yellowtail. The dish is rather acidic but quite tasty. I'd recommend it. 
3. Prawns (5/5) - We received two perfectly cooked and seasoned prawns. The prawns were served on a bed of hummus and topped with spicy chiles among other things. This dish was great. 
4. Margarita Pizza (3/5) - This pizza was alright. I understand that serving many pizzas during restaurant week at a place that offers numerous other dishes is challenging. But this pizza was very greasy and lacked the distinct basil flavor of margarita pizza. There was too much tomato sauce but not enough tomatoes - if that makes sense. 
5. Gnocchi (2/5) - This was the most disappointing dish. The sauce lacked depth and flavor. The gnocchi was over cooked and dry in the middle. I would suggest a different pasta. 
6. Scallops (5/5) - the scallops were fantastic. They were perfectly browned on both sides. Inside they were very soft and flavorful. There was also what looked like a beet sauce underneath which worked very well with the dish. 
7. Brussels Sprouts (5/5) - spicy and a little sweet, brown and crispy. This is a must order. It was a great way to finish our meal. 
For dessert we had the chocolate cake, it's a big piece but well worth it. The ice cream is great, the cake is great, the caramel that come with it is great. 
Overall it was a pretty good experience. I understand that restaurant week is busy so a restaurant has to make certain adjustments to serve everyone. While there were some dishes that could have been better it was a great experience. The atmosphere is great and I'd definitely like to come back.Loved this place, a true dining experience. Great ambience, fantastic service and amazing food. This was a hit all the way around! Fav of the night: cod, Tuna avocado salad, Brussels and scallops. Can't wait to go back to try other dishes. The decor is great... down to the way the waitstaff dresses. Very prohibition style.I visited this place during Center city sips.  Its a very cute restaurant with an eclectic menu.  Our favorite part of our dining experience was our awesome waitress, Greta!  She took the time to explain almost every item on the menu and made sure that we had an enjoyable experience.  I truly enjoyed the friend chicken mushroom, and lamb meatballs. This restaurant blends together different flavors from various cultures and makes it work! I definitely will visit again.cool place.  horrible host and bar service.  seems like the place has a lot of "rules". tried to like this joint twice.  will not be a third or not recommending to others...I came here for dinner and happy hour (on a Saturday much to my surprise!). We really enjoyed the margherita pizza, crispy cauliflower and gnocchi - all split between 3 people, which was plenty for us because we had some apps before coming here and one friend just picks at food. Great portion sizes, fabulous service (from what I can remember - may have been tipsy), and great food. 
For happy hour, my mom drank the Crown Jewel which was perfect - light and sweet, which we told the bartender was the type of drink we wanted - and I had the house white. I was just impressed that they had happy hour on a Saturday night (5-7?).While the food was good, not great, the service was annoying. Too many people constantly coming to the table trying to remove plates while there was still food and we were eating. It became a joke. It was difficult to have a conversation because every 3 minutes someone would come and ask, can I take that plate, can I take that plate. Also what's with 7 -8 staff milling around the hostess station ? Seems like they are way over staffed for the size of operation and it makes the experience feel rushed and overwrought.Eh... it's okay.
I came here for brunch and wasn't really impressed with anything. 
First, we arrive a little bit before our reservation time, however, we had to wait another 20 minutes because they're waiting for people to get up...I know brunch buffet places enforce a time limit but I guess this place doesn't. so we waited in the "lounge area" After a while, we finally got sat and we got sat at their awk booth where I am sitting right next to my friend. I don't know who designed this place but it was VERY uncomfortable to say the least...
Second, the food. The food was...okay. They do not have a good variety but I liked the Shrimp Cocktail and the Grapefruit. I love how they cut up the grapefruit into pieces so when you scoop it up, you don't make a mess. 
Lastly, the cleanliness. I understand this is a buffet...but I wish the stations were a little bit cleaner. There was food everywhere and shrimp in the cocktail sauce. 
I am going to give this place one more try since everyone raves about this place but...I really do not think it was worth the hype.Not impressed.  I made a reservation the day after Thanksgiving for my family to meet for  late lunch.  We were on of only two other tables in the restaurant.  My 3 nephews an 1 neice were with us.
We wanted to order  wings that were on the menu but we were told they are only for the "bar " menu. Our waiter asked the manager and did say " this time " they could do it but not again. 
We also order pasta with no sauce but we were charged fot the sauce anyway. 
The service and food was mediocre,  the space is very nice.
I hope they work on the first two then it will be a great place.
Don't think I would go back unless it's just to the bar.One of the worst meals, dining experiences I've had in Philly. The ambiance is great but if you literally can't hear anyone at your table because of horrible acoustics, your server is annoying and interrupts every couple of minutes, and the food is disgusting, what good is ambiance? Avoid the pizza (octopus) and skirt steak. Both were gross. How do you mess up skirt steak? The only menu items that our table enjoyed were gnocchi (stuffed with a ricotta cheese liquid...I was not a fan) and broccoli (you can't mess up broccoli). We spent about $50 a person, I left hungry (decided not to force gross food down my throat), and I feel safe predicting that Harp & Crown won't exist in 1-2 years.DO THE TASTING MENU. Such a good deal and they don't even mention on the menu that it comes with a pizza as well and a dessert (keylime whoopie pie, so good and I don't even usually like key lime). The best part of this place is the bowling alley speakeasy bar downstairs - so cool! I love the interior in this place, it's something really pretty and unique,We were told 3-4 plates per person, we ordered three. They all came out at once, there wasn't enough room on our table for the food and instead of holding it they squeezed it all in which made it awkward. We felt like we need to eat fast just to make space, there wasn't enough room for our wine on the table, it was a ridiculous site. This is exactly the opposite experience you want when ordering small plates. I asked the waiter to hold the courses and he laughed and just continued to squeeze items on the table. Cocktails are so small for the price. All together the meal was extremely expensive for what was below mediocre. I don't mind spending a decent amount for a nice night out, this happened to be our anniversary, but this was the first time in a long time we have left a celebratory dinner feeling extremely disappointed in the amount of money spent for the experience, honestly the check was more money than we have spent on some of the most amazing dining experiences in Philadelphia, so very disappointed. The atmosphere is stunning which is the only positive.Came here for a date on a Tuesday night and was blown away. Not only is the ambiance warm and trendy, but the decor is breath taking. Each room is different than the next. There is an extensive beer, wine, and cocktail list. My favorite drink was hands down the Ruby Slipper, just sweet enough. They offer a Chef's Tasting Menu for $45 per person, which is a great deal because each person gets 7 dishes. At the time, we weren't hungry enough for 7 dishes so we chose to pick a la carte and definitely spent more than $45. We started with the heirloom tomato salad and lamb meatballs, both delicious. Then we ate the skirt steak and diver scallops, again to die for. After dinner, we explored the bowling alley and downstairs bar which had an exclusive, yet welcoming feeling to it. We enjoyed a few more cocktails there and ended our night. I would definitely recommend Harp & Crown to anyone for a date or special occassion. Absolutely coming back!Very pleasantly surprised, came here for restaurant week dinner and had a fantastic experience. Ambience is great for catching up with friends, with wall seats facing outwards ( like a couple couch ) though a bit uncomfortable since tables are so small.
Food is definitely very worth it for restaurant week's price, we ordered Artisan Cheese and Beets Salad to start. Portions are quite generous, cheese was delicious, especially the goat cheese. For small plate we had Spanish octopus, which was good (but Osteria's is better). Large plate we had diver scallops with cauliflower on the side. Their scallops were large and perfectly cooked, with a bed of spinach and mashed potatoes. Fried cauliflower was a bit on the oily side, but I liked the breaded parts. Dessert was what really surprised me, it was a pineapple upside down cake with these amazing brandy cherries - defs the winner of the night.
Overall a very cool and unique restaurant that reminds me of Vernick with its tapas style, I like the menu variety and hoping to go back to try more! I don't think that it had any dishes that blew my mind but still the plates were very satisfying, excited for them to get creative though.
Service was good but our waiter kept getting mixed up and told us we could order two things from each section when it was only one..Everything about our visit to Harp and Crown was perfect. We sat downstairs in the speakeasy part of the restaurant. The mixologist was very knowledgeable and even wrote down on a piece of paper the drink that he custom made for us. The waitress was super attentive and also very knowledgeable about all the items on the menu. She kept checking on us to make sure we had everything that we needed. The atmosphere was just wonderful. It was very intimate and cozy and all the food we ordered, which was quite a few items, was just absolutely delicious.Best old fashioned I have ever had!
Great menu that updates often. Salmon and New York strip steak were excellent.If you want to feel like the coolest person ever- just go to Harp & Crown.
Atmosphere is legitimately amazing. Drink prices match and you will spend at least one pay check to have fun-- however they might light your drink on fire if you order the same one I did and it's totally worth the feeling of regret when you see your credit card bill 3 weeks later. 
Throw on something trendy and go enjoy asap.Went for my birthday with twin and kids. Everything was excellent. Shout out to Harris our server --- just about perfect!In a word - disappointing. I was looking forward to going here, as I have heard rave reviews. Our group had a reservation at 9:30, but the table was not ready when we got there. It was a Saturday night, so we were all very understanding that this happens. They brought us out free drinks while we waited, which was a nice touch. However, that is where the good customer service ended. We were seated around 10pm, but our waiter did not come over to greet us for 20 minutes. When he did come over, he took our order for drinks, but managed to screw that up, too. 
The food is good, not great. However, you may be waiting a while to get it. We put in our order around 10:30 and some things came out pretty quickly. However, there were other items that took over an hour to come out. At this point in the night, the restaurant was pretty empty, so there was really no excuse for the slow service. In addition, we had to remind our waiter about two items that he probably forgot to put in. Again, the food was good, but not worth the premium charged for it. 
The place looks nice and I get the allure of it. But, as other reviewers have mentioned, the noise level makes it hard to have conversations. This place is trendy and looks really nice, but really not worth the money.  There are much better restaurants where you can spend your money in Center City. I would not recommend it.Really cool vibe and atmosphere! Came here with 5 girlfriends and even though it's a large restaurant with plenty of seating, it still felt intimate. The cocktails were delicious! Highly recommend the gardener cocktail, it is probably one of my favorite cocktails in the area! As for food: the spicy soppressata pizza was amazing! For sides: you must order the grilled broccoli and cauliflower: they each seasoned to perfection! I will 100% be back. I loved it here!I stopped in for drinks and an appetizer with a friend. I got the burrata appetizer, which was light and exactly what I was looking for; but the real star of the show were the cocktails. I had "an affair to forget" and a "sleepless bliss". I enjoyed both of them thoroughly although I think I like the sleepless bliss a bit more because it wasn't as sweet. I also just loved the atmosphere. Very neat setup and comfortable couches where you can relax and catch up with friends. Would strongly recommend for happy hour and I can't wait to return to try more of their cocktails!Wow, Great New Restaurant, Small Plates Are All Excellent!
We had a group of 6 and everything had great flavors ! Meatballs, Pizzas, Brussel Sprouts and Broccolini.. Wow !Definitely need to update my review after checking out the brunch at Harp & Crown this weekend. What a spread! My whole group was extremely impressed with all of the variety they had to offer and all for a reasonable price of 28 per person. 
Top hits were the breakfast potatoes, waffles with any topping, big fluffy bagels with all the fixings including lox and capers, make your own donut wall with various toppings, cocktail shrimp (so fresh and big), and so much more. They had tons of fruit, an omelette station, quiche, pasta salad, different cheese and meats, and lots of pastries. I will say that they could have used a different egg dish that wasn't an omelette and also the biscuits were not very good.. but those are minimal complaints compared to the awesomeness that was this brunch. 
For an extra 15 dollars you can get 4 drinks that include bloody marys, bellinis, or mimosas. What an amazing deal! For 50 bucks you can eat and drink your fill and be super satisfied. Will definitely be back!We went for brunch on a Saturday. We had a reservation, I would recommend making one just because by the time we left it was packed! The brunch was buffet style and delicious - had both hot and cold food, pastries, eggs, waffles, etc. the waitstaff was wonderful, my plate was always gone when I got back. We ordered the drink package for mimosas and she timed the refills perfectly. The restaurant itself is gorgeous.Accidentally came during restaurant week and was pleasantly surprised that we got a 6-course meal for $35/person. We opted for the following: 
- Burrata - delicious balls of cheese with bread & honey 
- Red & Yellow Beet Salad - delicious & healthy portion size (for two)
- Lamb Meatballs - 100%
- Corn Flour Fettuccine - with a duck ragu sauce... so good & a big portion 
- Cauliflower - hard decision between the cauliflower & the brussel sprouts but was not disappointed 
- Chocolate Cake - huge slice topped with sea salt - yum 
Will definitely be back.Such an awesome place to grab a drink in the Rittenhouse area!! Ask to go downstairs when you arrive! It's like a secret area hidden underground. Great service, music and atmosphere. They even have a cool area with a small bowling alley. We visited from out of town and really enjoyed our visit!! Will be back when we are in Philly again!!Only went for happy hour but it was great and I can't wait to go back. Bartender Sarah was great. Killer happy hour cocktail for $5 and many good options for like $5. Had empanadas and ricotta with grilled bread. The space is stunning. I hear they have two bowling alleys. How cool is that. Headed back next week for a full meal , but the menu looks wonderful. Lots of good choices at decent prices.Outstanding experience from start to finish. We stopped in for a cocktail and something light. It was a busy night and we didn't have reservations but the restaurant accommodated us quickly. They sent us down to the Elbow Room which was a little bit of a speakeasy kind of an atmosphere next to the bowling alley. Very nice vibe and service. The food was excellent, we shared the beet salad, charcuterie and the gnocchi. The beer list was great and the server suggested something else because my choice had an issue with the line - great call because I think it was better.LOVE this restaurant! What a trendy and rustic spot with an intimate yet social ambience. Great for a date night or even a girls night out. My friend and I sat in the front which they referred to as the garden. The waiter was really into taking care of us and helped us with the food and drink menu. I also really liked the way the waiters and waitresses were dressed - in aprons and suspenders, so much personality.
Literally every dish we had was incredible. The big eye tuna is a must have. I believe it had some kind of nuts in it and a sauce which just made it so tasty. The tuna pieces were very large and just tasted so fresh. The spanish octopus was delicious. It was super crispy which many restaurants make the mistake of under cooking it but it was perfect. We had this avocado toast with mushrooms. I'm not sure what made it so special but it was so savory. I had the seabass as my entree and it was cooked perfect - light and decadent taste. My overall favorite dishes were the roasted carrots (A MUST HAVE) and the tomato salad with ricotta cheese (ADDICTING). Needless to say there you should order one of everything on the menu :-)A friend suggested we stop by for Happy Hour to give it a once over before we make reservations for dinner.  I love the decor when you walk-in - it had an "old-world touch with a sense of luxury.  The wrap around bar is nice and offers plenty of seating.  I heard about the lamb meatballs and asked the bartender about them - she highly recommended - so we had that along with winter squash crostini and lamb sausage.  The lamb meatballs were flavorful the sausage was seasoned perfectly and the crostini with the goat cheese was yummy.  Our drinks were an:  Affair to Forget; Sideways Car and later some Malbec wine - all were delicious!!   
The service was friendly and prompt.  We felt Harp and Crown passed the preliminary test - will definitely pop back in to have dinner and maybe reserve a bowling lane downstairs.Finally made it over to Harp & Crown and am kicking myself that it took us so long. Got there early and managed to nab three seats at the bar. One thing Michael Schulson can do like no other is put on a proper happy hour! And to my surprise, although it was a Saturday, happy hour was in full swing. 
We proceeded to order various small plates. All were good, some were spectacular, in particular the steak skewers and the mac and cheese. If you are a mac and cheese lover, you must try it. The cheese sauce is delicious and the "rooster's comb" pasta, so named for its shape, was the perfect foil to soak it up. The special drink of the night was vodka, cranberry and soda, made with a Pennsylvania-made vodka which was pretty good for a well drink. The bartenders were friendly and attentive despite the ever-growing crowd. This will be a regular on our rotation, and I look forward to have dinner there as well.Wonderful from start to finish. Great setting, delicious food, and excellent wait staff. Our waitress was so fun and really helped make the meal even more memorable.Ever since my first visit to Harp and Crown for cocktails, I wanted to be back in that scene to try the food. As fate would have it, I needed a last-minute reservation for 10 people and they had the space. Even better that I wanted a spot that would impressive my group. I didn't realize Harp and Crown was the type of restaurant meant for sharing dishes; my selection seriously could not have been more perfect. 
The theme of the evening was "slow." Given that most of my group hadn't seen each other in a while, that was just dandy in terms of catching up. It took us almost 20 minutes to be seated, and that evening we dined. Our menu indecisiveness was definitely to fault for that, and I award our server for being patient, yet on top of us, without being intrusive. 
Cocktails were again top notch. Although I'm not typically a brandy fan, I absolutely loved the Down by the Seaside. Twice, to be specific. 
Without doing the tasting menu, we ordered a decent portion of the menu. 
Starters: Lamb meatballs, Spanish Octopus, Pork Belly, Hamachi and Burrata
Entrees: Lamb sausage pizza, Lamb cannelloni, Spaghetti (with clams, smoked ham and swiss chard), Ricotta Gnocchi, Young Chicken, Skirt Steak and Alaskan Halibut. We also ordered a side of broccolini. 
Standouts? See list above. Ok, but seriously my favorites involved anything with lamb. I could easily see myself making a quickie trip to the bar just enjoy the lamb pizza. The Spanish Octopus was great (and a must-eat), as was the Burrata. I'm surprised how much I liked the spaghetti, but it was prepared very well. 
Not eating off the tasting menu and picking a few things for ourselves, made the whole experience much more cost effective, but completely satisfying. I'd recommend if you are coming with a group of friends who like to share food. 
Oh, and it goes without saying, this is a really cool venue to be at. It had a modern factory feel with the high ceilings, yet more classic artwork. It's dark, yet bright at the same time. As others have mentioned, they even have a bowling downstairs (and if you ask the right person, they may even let you fake bowl if you are lucky). 
The only thing that I found off was the bathroom situation. Is it really necessary to have an attendant at 7pm on a Thursday? It felt a little awkward to me.  
Believe it or not, we didn't order the whole menu so believe it or not, I'll be back.My new favorite brunch spot for groups! Cute set up, nice ambiance, lively but quiet enough to enjoy a conversation. Great selection of brunch buffet, from cheese, prosciutto, pasta salad, crudités boards to lox, bagels, shrimp cocktail, and hoagie cuts, to omelet station, brisket, bacon, sausage, biscuit & gravy, baked goodies and dress-your-own doughnut station... on top of that fresh juice and cocktail bar (alcohol drinks are at discounted price) - you can satisfy all needs and likes of brunch goers!We did the tasting menu and it was wonderful. Peter was our server and was super knowledgeable especially with whiskey and wine recommendations. We had both along with the Ruby Slippers:) We had the lamb meatballs (first time for lamb- soooo good) a spicy soppressata pizza along with the tuna poke. We'll be coming back for the tasting menu for sure.This place is amazing! 
- service: outstanding. Our waitress was on point the entire night. 
- atmosphere: it's gorgeous inside. Very unique and chic
- food: great as well. We ordered the burrata (came with kumquats - very unique and delicious), margherita pizza (get this - it's simple but good), chicken (cooked perfectly), the halibut (AMAZING - super light but flavorful), and the brussel sprouts (very good). Things are served small plate-style and it is recommended to order about 2-3 things per person. The above food was ordered for only 2 people and we were stuffed! 
Overall, I thought that the food was very good as was the service, but the atmosphere is killer and the real reason to go. Definitely check this place out!It was amazing- here for work and we f back our second night
Great service both nights, good cocktails, fun (loud) atmosphere and the building/ decor is very very cool/ historic 
Food highlights:
Both sushi dishes
Octopus mole
Watermelon salad- amazing
Salmon
Gnud- may not be spelling that right
Scallops and the shrimp
Friends had the meat dishes with thumbs up
GET THE CHOCOLATE MOUSSE CAKE- you will be very glad you didI went here for restaurant week with my friends. The service was great, Richard was awesome! We sat in the front area by the door. The decor is so cute, there's hanging plants from the ceiling, it's very rustic. The restaurant week menu was very big. You chose 7 items from the menu to share with the table. There are plenty of vegetarian options as well. My favorite was the spinach pizza and the butternut squash toast. We also had the fig toast, steak, gnocchi, and crispy cauliflower. Everything was delicious. I will definitely be going back!This place is amazing. Ambiance, service and quality. HANDS DOWN one of the best restaurants with the cutest antique decor and specialty cocktails. Came here for a Monday night date night and we're brought to the cutest little side tables. It's dimly lit and romantic. Off the bat, our server Dana was extremely attentive, friendly, genuine and helpful. My boyfriend and I shared the chefs tasting which was over the top delicious. 3 courses and dessert. If you plan to do his which I highly recommend, come hungry!! Try the burrata and the gnocchi! 
Multiple times during our dinner, different servers would come by to clean our table and check on us. We were very pleased with the service and I can't wait to come back next time I'm in town and try their other spots too. 
PS. Dana, we also loved your dancing as you brought the food to the table. Haha Thanks again!!I went here for an after dinner cocktail and dessert. They were absolutely delicious. I think the biggest shock was when I first walked through the door. I thought I had fallen down a rabbit hole into a 1920's Gatsby era restaurant. The bar is big and beautiful, old fashioned but brand new at the same time. The staff wear trendy, old school outfits and were nice. Our two cocktails came in coups (always a plus) which added to the Gatsby era feel and our desserts were scrumptious. I am only giving it four stars because, while delicious, it isn't somewhere that was pulling me to go back to again and again. I would absolutely go back to show friends or family the atmosphere and space, but the food is quite pricey and for what it is worth, there are other places to try. SO I deff recommend checking it out for the experience!Came here for restaurant week because I've been wanting to try this place out for a while. It was 6 courses for $35 dollars for two people.  That seems like it would be a lot of food, but myself and the other 5 people in my party left hungry. The food was absolutely delicious, but for the price the portions are too small. I would be curious to go on a non restaurant week night, but I'm sure it would be the same. 
The ambiance is unreal, very industrial with an old-fashioned vibe, although definitely a little dark.
Cocktails were pricey as well, but delicious and very strong.
I'll definitely be back here.We came here one night to get drinks and sat at the bar. The place is beautifully decorated and is pretty large. We sat at the bar for 10 minutes before our bartender came to take our order. I ordered some fruity drink with gin in it. It was good but nothing overly special. 
We went downstairs to check out the bowling alley area, because we were thinking about coming back another time to go bowling. It was a small area with only one bowling lane. You pretty much have to book a private party to bowl here and that's too much work, so I guess we won't be coming back.After dodging oncoming vehicles near the construction outside and swimming through the fabric hanging near the entrance, I made my way into H&C. 
The decor and ambiance of this place is really special. It's dimly lit (like a lot of other places). The bar is wrap around with interesting light fixtures and cozy couches and arm chairs are present near the entrance. 
We dug ourselves into one of the couches. My main goal of going to this place at 6pm was for happy hour but we did not receive any happy hour menu or mention of happy hour so I wasn't sure it existed here. I've heard from friends that the happy hour here is great so I'm not sure what happened, but if there was happy hour and we weren't notified, that's kinda messed up actually. 
Anyways, 2 of the drinks particularly appealed to me. One of them was vodka with elderflower liqueur, strawberries, and sparkling wine or champagne. I did see tequila with chilies and blood orange soda which I could not pass up. It came in a tall glass, enticing color, and contained a tree branch. It tasted absolutely spectacular, the chilies added a nice zing. It took every drop of self control for me to not finish the damn thing in 2 swigs but I somehow managed to stretch it out to a good 5-10 minutes. 
The appetizer options were limited, imo. There are the classic charcuterie and cheese plates. There's like also some dinner options like pizzas and pastas and shit. I'm down to try the dinner here and/or brunch.
UPDATE: tried dinner here last evening. 
Cheese plate: underwhelming, only 3 kinds of cheeses and 2/3 of them were hardish with some variety lacking. The rustic bread slices given were delicious, as was the granola type side and some pickled green beans. Cheese plate here is pass-able.
Brussels sprouts: fucking amazing. The sprouts are in what I would describe as a balsamic vinegaresque sauce and seasoned with herbs and these amazing chili slices with almond slivers on top. Absolutely delicious. Must get this shit.
Chestnut gnocchi: the kale pesto isn't so much a pesto as some kale leaves and oil but holy shit this was amazing as well. The gnocchi were chunky little potato-dough balls wrapped with kale and ricotta (we asked for ours without mushrooms I'm pretty sure but for all I know I could've sucked down a couple mushrooms with it and not have noticed after a few drinks). This is a must.
Last but not least, we also went with the spinach pizza. That crust was AMAZING. Like perfectly soft and crispy on the edges. Spinach was of the perfect consistency after being in the oven. The garlic, as always, added a wonderful flavor along with the ricotta. Absolutely spec-fucking-tacular. Sometimes spinach pizza repulses me but this was divine.This was a great disappointment. Had heard great things, but I think people must just be wowed by the interior (high ceilings, big space) . . . because the food was terrible. I got the scallops and it was three small-sized scallops served on a plate of 2 or 3 drizzled sauces that all tasted like ketchup . . . which totally overpowered/ruined any natural flavor of the scallops. Sugar snap peas were overwhelmingly doused in honey, so sweet we couldn't finish them. Burrata was good, but served with sup-bar bread. My boyfriend got the pasta with sausage after being told by the waitress that the pasta was made in-house and that they ground some sausage into the pasta mix. That was so clearly not the case when the dish came, and the dish was pretty bland, hard to do with sausage in the mix. Definitely won't be returning.A lovely looking restaurant and thriving crowd for a Tuesday evening. Surprisingly, our server was rude and unfriendly. I can't recall such impolite service at what appears to be a good restaurant. The kitchen seemed to run well and the bartenders and hostess were great. We enjoyed roasted olives, several types of pizzas (octopus was delicious), and a few rounds of cocktails.This was my first visit and was impressed from the moment I pulled back the burlap curtains at the entryway. Good beer on tap!  Not the biggest or best selection but definitely a good variety. I had dinner with 7 coworkers on a Thursday night. We sat down around 6:45pm. We orders almost one of everything on the menu. The food was spot on!  The lamb balls, octopus and pork shank were awesome. 
After dinner we went downstairs and bowled on the two lanes from 9:00 - 11:00pm. Great time. Cool ambiance, friendly wait staff and overall a fantastic experience.Great food. Excellent cocktails. Decent service. Duck liver was AMAZING!!! Decor was trendy and looked like something from salvage dogs. Perfect date night spot.This place definitely has great ambiance and the waitress we had was extremely nice. However the manager is a total prick. He abrutly came to us with two random expensive drinks and are not what we asked for and after we asked to tell the manager that we did not ask for these drinks. They still included it in our bill. Also the manager was flirting with girls who were waiting at the bar. The food and drink were great and the service was great except the weird action by the manager. The manager should have came to us and be honest with us that they do not have the drink we asked for but can replace it with something else. Even though we satisfied the service offered by the waitress and we left 50 % tips for her but the manager is literally a prick. This restaurant need a better experienced  manager who is honest and has great integrity.Went to Harp & Crown for restaurant week dinner with three friends and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was! Each room is uniquely decorated and has a different, interesting atmosphere. I loved the high ceilings and intricate decor. The service was good, although our waitress was not as knowledgable or helpful with the menu as I would have liked. 
The food was excellent. They had a pretty wide variety of small plates to choose from and I was unsure at first because they didn't all seem to go together. However, everything we ordered was delicious. I especially loved the lamb meatballs, the burrata, and the brussel sprouts. Overall, a great deal for restaurant week, delicious food, and a cool atmosphere. I will definitely be back!Great atmosphere. Love rustic interior. Basement bar area is fabulous and has bowling!Me and my friends dined here last night. We got here right as it was opening and it was already packed. We didn't have a reservation but they seated us anyway. I feel like we had the opposite experience as some other reviewers. The service was amazing. Even the bouncer was great! This Restuarant is taking a play on a speakeasy - especially the downstairs. The atmosphere is great - very quaint and cozy. I love the couches in the front of the Restuarant. We weren't lucky enough to grab seating there but we were able to have a big comfy booth. 
With regards to food and drinks, we had the roasted olives, cheese plate, and pasta. All were absolutely delicious! The drinks were amazing too. My favorite was this spicy drink that had a rosemary sprig lit on fire which added a great smoky taste! 
Overall - definitely coming back, excited to try other drinks and food!The service must be improved! Watch out for rude bartenders! So odd for this place, since I was there before. So we stopped on Tuesday night for couple drinks at the bar... yes, it was a surprisingly busy night, specifically ordered particular wine with number, apparently the drink menu was numbered to make orders easier but looks like bartenders don't listen the numbers just pouring the most expensive wine... as usual... when I asked to fix the price, since it was a principal for me, not about money, the bartender just put out of his pocket $5, threw on the bar and left... barely explained why he did it?! Really?! In what restaurant you get this kind of service ?! Manners first not money.
The food last time was amazing and waiters have a way better manners than bartenders... I hope managers will improve that.Hands down the best brunch in Philadelphia. For just $28, you have access to a beautiful buffet including, but not limited to, prime rib, shrimp cocktail, salmon, a build your own doughnut station, and a plethora of other breakfast, lunch, and dessert goodies. On the plus, an added $15 gets you four lovely brunch cocktails (choice of Mimosa, Bellini, Bloody Mary). Will definitely be back!Great looking place, besides the bar, good food and extremely pretentious.  After paying for drinks, wine and dinner, we tried to run downstairs to check out the bowling lanes but were denied access because they said they didn't give "tours".  They didn't want us bothering the patrons eating down there, even though we had had a constant stream of people walking by our table in the front room, which seemed more like an entry way.  On our next visit to Philly, we will
try one of the many great restaurants here that don't ooze pretension.This place is going to be on the "Best of Philly" restaurant list for a long time.  It took me a good amount of time to just look around the awesome interior design. Food and drinks were all outstanding. Food wise, my wife and I went with chips (seasoning was great), wings, burger and flatbread to share and I would order the same four dishes again and again. The drinks were all delicious, and my favorite was the bourbon mixed with the ginger beer & grilled peaches, very refreshing (Picture below). The service was also fantastic from start to finish. 
The only thing I didn't like was that we couldn't order off the bar menu unless we sat at the bar. I also requested the bar menu on our reservation, but they still wouldn't allow us to order from it. We got lucky, and two seats opened at the bar (Friday Happy Hour), so we grabbed those and ordered from the bar. In my opinion, the bar menu had much better "share appetizers" which is what we were looking forward too. The main menu had plenty of great options as well, but we already had our mind set for "bar food," however this was amazing bar food. 
We will be back (many times).I've been here twice now. Once for dinner with a friends which was really great! Didn't love the clam pizza, it was dry and too peppery. But everything else was spot on. Ambiance is terrific,  and I want to go back to try it again. Very trendy and cool.
Also stopped on here on Friday night for drinks downstairs. I like it! The decor is very cool and has a speakeasy feel to it. There's 2 lanes for bowling but I didn't bowl that night. I recommend this place often, as well as Schulson's other spot, Double Knot.Read some of the less favorable reviews and could not be more surprised. Went with a reservation on Saturday evening and service, food and ambiance were awesome. Didn't love the side by side seats- they weren't uncomfortable, but an it awkward and the table is tiny. The ricotta gnocchi were amazing, beet salad was ok, soprasetta pizza was great, and the apple pie dessert was unmissable. Next time I'll go with a larger party- more food and an actual table, but I loved my experience at Harp & Crown.SO good! I love it here. The food is awesome but the ambiance is even better, especially for a date night. The bartender was great, he made us special drinks based on what we said we liked. Definitely going back.I really like this place and have already gone back, but there are some things that I think can be improved (hence the 3-star rating).
The first time I went it was for dinner with some friends who were visiting from out of town. We were lucky to get a last-minute reservation for four on a Saturday night but we did end up waiting for a while anyway (like 20-30 minutes). There is at least space to wait/hang out by the bar. Once we were seated, the menu was a little lacking in variety and it was confusing when the waiter said it was small plates and we should do 2-3 per person... I tend to ignore that and we all ordered 1 item each and were more than fine. Service was slow and it is yet to be determined if this is a regular problem or a result of a busy Saturday night. I got the Crowned Stone (bourbon, grilled peach, ginger beer) cocktail which was both large in volume and strong in alcohol. After trying mine, the entire table got one for themselves. I tried the H&C salad because I wasn't too hungry and it was tasty. The other food my comrades ordered was satisfactory but I don't think they were overly impressed. Please note, the chicken dish takes FOREVER to cook, that I think is a regular problem.
The pros: they are flexible with changing out sides on the dishes; the restaurant is surprisingly HUGE and so gorgeous. It has a bit of speakeasy/rustic luxury vibe to it. The downstairs bar area is preceded by a long "exclusive-esque" hallway that deepens the speakeasy/prohibition vibe and the bar downstairs is large with comfy seating. Finally, there are two bowling lanes that patrons can rent out for games/events. 
Overall, I'd go here for drinks/mingle. It was very busy even on a Wednesday night when I last went. The vibe is great. They have a new HH 4-7pm (not sure about weekends), that has a daily cocktail on special and several $5 plate options. I need to check that out, H&C has potential to be one of my "HH dinner" go to places, time will tell.Visiting Philly for the weekend and came here on a thursday evening to grab a quick dinner. Got the margherita pizza and potato pizza to share - both were delicious. The potato pizza was unique and definitely recommend trying. Ambience is perfect for a date or catching up with friends. Service was very friendly and fast. Will be coming back when I am in Philly again!Went here this past Thursday for restaurant week and what a cool experience. I arrived a bit early so I was able to snag a couple of drinks at the bar for happy hour before we were seated. Happy hour looked like a good deal on house wine and cocktail and a random beer which I believe was from new Belgium and was solid for 4$. It looked like you could also order some small dishes that were also reasonably priced.
Once we were seated we were told the deal with the restaurant week special which was 7 dishes for the table plus desert for $35 per person. Now I had three people at the table and this deal worked out perfectly. Though we saw a table nearby that did the same thing and had around 5 people and I do not know if the serving size increased because of that  or not but 3 seemed to be the perfect number for this deal. 
Just to list off what we decided on , Lamb meatballs, tuna poke, tomato salad, sopressata pizza, Skirt steak, charred broccoli, and the ricotta gnocchi. First off everything was awesome I could not complain about a single dish. Top 2 dishes for me were the lamb meatballs and the poke and if your coming here I would try both. The lamb meatballs melted like butter in my mouth and having never had poke before who knew nuts and tuna went so well together. You also get an individual desert cake which was probably the weakest dish but still not bad. Also they had an awesome drink menu and I decided to get the charred stone cocktail which was interesting and pretty good if you like ginger and peach.
The service was awesome , everything came out very fast and the manager even stopped by a few times to check everything out. If you enjoyed what sampan and double knot have to offer then the owners do not disappoint with harp and crown. They had a large menu selection in general and you will definitely find something to enjoy.Everything about this place is awesome. The cheese plate was great, good vibe. Only issue is if you get seated up front it's very cold which stole a star for me but other than that will definitely be going back and requesting alternate seating.Everything about this place is amazing. Decor, food,  and service were all top level. One of the most delicious meals ever.. appetizers :lamb meatballs, octopus, the burrata will change your life! The scallops were yummy and def save room from dessert! The staff was so attentive and knowledgeable and the decor is really beautiful. We will most certainly be back when we are in the area!A+ for decor and ambiance. Got the lamb sausage pizza it was perfect. Solid cocktails in the "affair to forget". The bowling alley was very cool. A little pricey but a really nice place.