Food: 2
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 2.5
Service: 2
Value: 2
I had high hopes for this place. Unfortunately, it has fallen flat like our visits to its sister restaurants, Barra Rossa. The meals were sub-par. The service was off. This place had less atmosphere than either Barra Rossa did, and felt decidedly chain-restuarant-like. The saving grace here is definitely their desserts, which helped bump this place up to a 2.I love that Harvest has seasonal foods coming from farms in the surrounding area. The food is always tasty and fresh. 
The salmon BLT on pumpernickel I had was delicious! I was a little disappointed with the Vietnamese chicken tacos though. 
The portions are small for the price you pay. 
Don't forget to check in on Yelp for a free harvest flatbread! It's got Asiago cheese and fresh herbs. Scrumptious!I wasn't impressed with the place the 1st time. But then i went back and had a long island iced tea. Damn. That's strong stuff! Like 3-4 shots in that glass. It tasted great. The interior was dim and cozy. I had a blast that 2nd time. 
The Yelp $4 flatbread was too thin and cracker-like with barely any pizza flavor. Not really worth it.I was walking by and decided to ho in. Pleasantly surprised by the food, service and presentation. Great selection of wines. Definitely a place I would visit againMy brother and I came here looking for healthy, wholesome dinner and was not let down. Harvest Seasonal Grill is a solid place for a casual dinner that you won't feel guilty about afterward.
Being a weeknight, even on a bustling college campus, seating was no trouble at all. We were promptly provided with menus, and the waitress kindly gave us a very extensive rundown of the specials. I decided to order the Harvest Moon Chicken off the special menu, and my brother ordered the BBQ ribs. 
I also used the Yelp check-in deal to get the free appetizer, which was brought out at once. It was a Harvest Flatbread, a delicious and large crispy flatbread slab lightly adorned with asiago cheese and herbs. It was delicious; not too rich or filling, but flavorful and light, the perfect start to our meal. Would absolutely order again, even sans-promotional deal.
The food came out shortly after, and we were floored! The presentation was beautiful, and the portions absolutely perfect. The chicken was very flavorful and tender, but my only gripe was it seemed a tad chewy and might have done better with 5 more minutes in the roaster. However, the delicious sides on the plate more than made up for this; the grilled apples were PACKED with delicious tangy flavor which was augmented by the delicious jus bath that the meal sat atop. The Brussels sprouts and the fingerling potatoes rounded out the meal very well. 
My brother was also wowed by his dish. The ribs were tender and served boneless for ease of consumption. The large slab of cornbread that accompanied the meat was fantastic; the bread was subtly sweet, with a slightly more sweet, crispy top. The jicama slaw was very colorful and also tasted very good, however, we both agreed that the real stars of the plate were the meat and bread.
As we cleaned off our perfectly portioned plates, we were offered a delicious-looking selection of desserts but regretfully had to decline because we were so stuffed. Next time, Harvest Seasonal Grill...because there definitely will be a next time.Harvest is a great restaurant. I won't say amazing but you will not be disappointed. I had a pesto flatbread  and artichoke dip for appetizers. The pesto flatbread was slightly cold yet still tasty. The artichoke dip was well seasoned. For the entree I had a filet mignon. The beef was cooked properly the sides had some snap peas and an apricot glaze. A mash potato should have been added to the dish but I had no complaints. The dessert was simple a mouse in a cup for $3. A steak knife should have been given to me and my party but I had to ask for it. Solid food.I don't know why this place has gotten mediocre reviews. It was great. I went with a group of six for my birthday dinner. Great appetizers--pot stickers, edamame, tuna tartar, mushrooms. Good vegetarian selections, good prices, and although we didn't go there for it--most things were under 500 calories. Plus a great, patient waitress for a picky group of six. Wouldn't order the flat bread pizza again, though.The service was to notch and the food was amazing. The autumn squash soup and the portobello mushroom "cheese steak" are well worth trying.First of all, it took 15 minutes for someone to come to our table. Lots of servers kept passing by but no one acknowledged our presence. Finally, after the 15 minutes of waiting, they apologized and a server took our order. She was friendly and the rest of the time the service was pretty good (we ordered and ate really fast because we wanted to get out of there).
The food was disgusting. The gluten-free flatbread tastes like an English muffin type frozen thing with lots of preservatives in it, like it could never go bad. I know gluten-free bread is not good in general, but this was especially bad. The toppings were sparse, which I guess is a good thing because the little sauce, cheese, and tomato that was on the flatbread made it super soggy. 
The corn risotto tasted and looked like rice with a can of condensed milk in it. It was super sweet and not savory at all. In fact, everything we ate - which was also supposed to be savory - tasted sweet and under-salted.
The Greek Salad had a super sweet dressing too. It tasted like stevia water. The only redeeming factor was the local feta cheese which was nice though very mild.
By the way, all of the "Mexican" stuff on the menu has hummus in it. Who puts hummus and apple slices in a burrito?
The unfried fries were boiled "al dente" potatoes. 
We would've been better of going to one of the chains across the street.Ambience: beautiful, brand-new decor. The outside seating area is very nice, spacious and has firepits!
Food: very fresh and healthy. They had a variety of options but their portions were not consistent with the prices
Price: overpriced. The cheapest option was like $12 for a small meal or appetizer and it was just average grill food. 
Happy hour: good specials, probably the only good time to come here is between 5-7pm on a weekday! 
Tip: check in to get a free harvest flatbreadOrdered the buffalo burger, medium rare. It came out a hard black brick, like the cook had forgotten it was cooking, noticed after it was ten minutes too late, and said, "Eh, customer probably won't even notice it's just mostly black carbon at this point rather than meat." It was inedible. It was a shame because the mushrooms on the burger were quite good. So if there were more mushrooms, more condiments, more veggies, and an patty made of meat, it would have been a good burger (the burger was dry as a toenail, and not just because of the meat). The waitstaff didn't bring a place setting with the food, which was challenging with the salad that the burger came with. I guess it's a hand-salad kind of place. The 21st century is so confusing. Server did give a good wine recommendation, though. I would have asked for my wine medium-rare, but they would have messed it up, so I just got it in a glass from the bottle.Wow, it just keeps getting worse and worse. Their staff and service is terrible, extremely rude bartender at the upstairs bar last night. It was not an isolated instance, she was extremely rude to me, and 3 of my other friends all individually, all separate occasions of going up to the bar to order. I am appalled by the state of her "services" and that she can even work in the customer service industry. 
Came last night for Quizzo, as it has become a weekly tradition for my friends for the last 4 weeks. but after yesterday, I'm not sure we will be back..
First instance: I go to the bar, order 4 Yuenglings and ask about the pizza specials. She responds " I need your card to start a tab". Me: okay no problem  * boyfriend hands me the card*. " Oh i'm sorry, can we add one more, i didn't realize we needed 5 please - ME" 
Rude bartender: (raising her voice) " I NEED YOUR CARD TO START A TAB"  ( umm first of all the card is in my hand for her to take). I really wanted to respond " I'M NOT DEAF, ARE YOU BLIND, IT'S IN MY HAND YOU RUDE HUMAN"  She pissed me off, I seriously hated her then and there already, what is your problem??  You work in the customer service industry and that's how you speak to someone, when your wage depends on your kindness to others? Or not even kindness, just being a decent respectable not rude human being??? 
Second instance: my friend gets up to order a drink. She interrupts him " HI you're friend in the green shirt, get her. " My friend kindly rephrases her RUDE statement and says " oh yes, you need to speak with her? ..."
3rd instance I won't get into the details, but it had to do with my friend in the green shirt that went up to talk to her. Whatever happened, it was not good. Because she came back and was like " WOW, that was unnecessary.. B*TCH". I raelly apologize for those rude words, but I am just saying verbatim what happened last night. My friends and I are very tolerant as we've all worked in the service industry. but we are not tolerant to unwarranted rudeness. 
Her service truly disgusted me. At the end of the night she did semi- redeem herself and said bye have a good night. Great job...I wish the star ratings were divided into sections for food, service, and appearance. They get 5 stars for trying so hard .The place is beautiful I had a tour the day after it opened. Handicapped elevator,winding staircases, patio, nice outdoor setting wood burning stove and booth seating.  But  the next time you set a table put the salt and pepper shakers  on the table.The server was knowledgeable.But really trying  to hard to please..Just get my food on the table steaming hot and the way i ordered it . Don't give me 65 choices of tea in box you have to lug out  and show me.Tea is tea.The wine service was decent  but  should feature more specials. My pom martini was ok but I've had better at regular bars during happy hour..Ok let's talk about the food . I get the farm to table concept everyone is going with these days  but how about adding some flavor to that food ? I don't need four leaf clovers on everything you serve or whatever that garnish was.Too much garnish indicates you are trying to hide something.Those very pricey  flat breads we shared were flat and garnished ! .Mac and Cheese at $5.00 a pot should pop with flavor and the cheese should be thick not soupy here's where that salt and pepper was needed while the food was hot.The food did not say hot long either How about a nice topping of bread crumbs? My  dessert  was a tiny cup of apple pie  crumb filling it should have been served warmer and need either a piece of cheese on the side or better yet some vanilla ice cream. Forty dollars later after dividing  a bill among 5 people lesson learned. Bobby's Burgers and the Tap House  right across the street and that is where you will find me. Getting tasty food  for half  the price.Came here while I was out working in Philly.  Good food and a patient staff.  My friends and I need up drinking here most nights due to it being nearby.  They didn't kick us out so it worked out good for both of us.
Do: Have the Asian BBQ skewers
Don't: Get wasted and demand the DJ play Boys to Men or do depending on your mood.Just Ok. I got the Italian Pizza and it was very good, but the cocktails weren't. In our group of six, two orders and two checks came out incorrectly. I liked the atmosphere though and the service was good. No wait on a Friday night.We enjoyed several delicious cocktails including Grandma's Candy Dish and Jack Rose. The Pear & Bleu flatbread was tasty and had well balanced flavors.  
Service was good, we had a friendly and knowledgable waiter.Yelpers have an offer of getting $4 off any flatbread at Harvest, and I've been taking advantage of this discount with abandon. I would definitely suggest the meat lovers' flatbread (it's $6 in the end) because it has a decent amount of sausage/bacon (?) and also baked cheese on top. I think the only reason why I'm giving Harvest 4 stars is because of its discount -- for the menu prices, the service is as expected (attendant, albeit sometimes slow at making rounds), and the food is quite average, particularly for brunch.
I do enjoy that they have seasonal menus though!So So about 1.5 stars
Loved the decor and atmosphere. I came here with a large group for a game night. We had an awesome time. Good drink specials but the food left much to be desired. It LACKED some serious seasoning. We ordered a pizza and several others purchased flatbreads, no seasoning whatsoever. 
I was also annoyed because the bartender upstairs would not use my yelp check in offer for a free flatbread. She wanted me to purchase something else with it when we just purchased a beer and cider. 
I'd probably come back but not for the food.It's about time!  I've loved eating at the Harvest in Glen Mills for years now, but always hated the long drive out of the city, I was so excited to hear they were opening up in the city.
I've eaten here twice now, once at a booth downstairs, and once at the bar upstairs.  The menu is the same delicious and eclectic samplings you'd expect to find at the sister location, with many 500 calorie or less options.  The flat bread continues to be my favorite.   This is a great lunch spot as you don't have to feel guilty about ordering a high-calorie meal when having a business meeting, you can still easily eat healthy.
I only sampled one of the special drinks on the menu, the Gin and blood orange one' a very nice balance of flavors.  Looking forward to trying other drinks on my next visit.
The decor is very casual but upscale.  I felt comfortable wearing nice jeans and a button down, a nice change from many of the newer places opening up in the city where you tend to feel under dressed if you don't have a suit jacket on.  I didn't get a chance to sit outside on the patio with the fountain, but I imagine it would be a great place to be sat on a date in the summer.
Overall, I was very impressed that they somehow captured the magic from Glenn Mills and recreate what I fell in love with years ago.  Farm fresh food, low calorie options and an abundance of flavor through a eclectic menu.So the 3 stars are for a few reasons. First let me say we had no issues with our food as far as taste goes. I thought my scallops tasted great and the short ribs my girlfriend had where very tender. The potatoes that came with the short ribs my girlfriend said reminded her of instant potatoes. They tasted ok ti me but she was the one eating them. The scallops I ordered tasted great. My concern is the fact that I had to wait 10 minutes after my girlfriends food came out before I received mine. Something about a mix up in the kitchen. They did cover a couple of my drinks which was nice but it doesn't dismiss the fact that I had to wait 10 minutes longer than my girlfriend for my food. 
At one point I knocked over a drink on the table and sat there for 10 minutes trying to clean it up myself before our server come over to the table, all this time while the bus person was 5 feet away but was more interested in flirting with the hostess at the front desk. 
Again I had no problems with the quality of the food it just seemed some internal customer service issues could be better.What a wonderful place! Having just completed a marathon medical test, my friend and I were looking for a nice place to relax and feed our faces. After a recommendation from our hotel front desk person, we walked to Harvest, and an amazing meal unfolded. We arrived during happy hour so partook of every appetizer on their comprehensive yet reasonable seasonal menu, featuring local and organic ingredients. The Chicken skewers, flat bread and edamame were excellent. We also enjoyed the porcini mushroom pasta. However, what made our visit so special was Timothy Wiley's incredible knowledge, attentiveness, service and drink recommendations. He took us through the entire drink and restaurant menu without batting an eye, customized beer selections from the extensive menu, and even handcrafted a cocktail based on a theme after we finished our menu favorites.  Come to find out that cocktails, especially Martinis, are his passion, and based on what we tasted his gift is considerable! The commitment to 500 calorie or less menu items was also appreciated. All in all, we could not have been more impressed by the food, service nor Timothy, and cannot comment Harvest enough.Never again.
This was my third and last time at Harvest.  My two friends and I tried to pay for a portion of our very expensive dinner with a Restaurant.com coupon, and our server and the manager made some lame a$$ excuse about not accepting them anymore because Restaurant.com had sold coupons to customers without their knowledge.  Then at some point in his lame story, the manager admitted that they had a contract with Restaurant.com but that too many coupons were issued at a cost to the restaurant.  How is that our problem? 
The server and manager complained that we didn't show them our coupon, although we are 100% certain that our server saw the printed 8" x 11" coupon on our table.  I'm sure she chose to ignore what she saw so that we could run up our bill prior to being told we couldn't use our coupon.  After asking to speak to the manager, she treated us like sh++, although we were perfectly respectful and diplomatic the entire time.  Is this how Harvest treats their customers? 
The manager said that there was a sign posted to customers that they were not taking Restaurant.com coupons anymore, but when my friends and I checked, there was nothing posted!  What a crummy way to run business.  Oh, and we'll never be back again.  I guess they don't understand the value of a return customer because they have lost our business for good.Last night my friend and I were here and the bartender told us that the drink specials were $3.00. It was before midnight when we ordered and when we got our cards back, my check was $8.08 and my sisters was $17. The bartender who took our orders and gave us back our cards was ignoring us purposely. The other bartender named Max came up to us, listened to our problem, and ended up being able to fix it. Thanks Max!I absolutely love Harvest!  From its concept to execution, it's a great replacement to Marathon Grill on 40th and Walnut.
I have come here for lunch and dinner and have always had an excellent meal.  I love that all the meal options are low-calorie...you won't be able to get a side of fries here!  The food is very fresh and flavorful.  I recently dined with 3 people and everyone loved their dishes.  The flatbreads are always a hit.  The miniature desserts are inexpensive and a tasty treat at the end of the meal.
The servers are well trained on the menu and have always done a good job.  Very nice atmosphere (probably great for a first date)...I just wish more people knew about this place!One of my go-to places for a nice night out. 
The food is very good and the wait staff are friendly. The menu changes every season, but not major changes. But still pretty good, none the less. 
They can be a little pricy, so watch out. I really want to come in for happy hour!Came here for a dinner with friends and family on a warm summer evening.  There were seats on the patio, but we sat inside, which was calm and comfortable.  Our waiter was attentive and friendly, and we all enjoyed the flat-bread and cheese plate appetizers. Steaks were cooked to the right temperature, and for our party of four, the small desserts were a hit for 3/4. 
I would definitely return here, especially with guests that prefer quality but comfortable fare over the international cuisine adventure of other West Philly restaurants.Service has always been consistently good. I have never had any staff that were rude or inattentive. Thursdays are pretty great, they have $3 long island iced teas. The only food I've ever really gotten here is the street tacos, which are pretty meh. They're nowhere near authentic tacos, or try to be, and are served on flour tortillas which was not that good. 
The bottom floor is a lot more quiet and nice to have a conversation at the bar if you're not hammered. Upstairs area is often pretty loud and host to student events, so typically there's a lot of grad students and med students up there. They have live music playing outside during the Spring and Summer months, often a local artist playing some original work or top 40 on a guitar. At night they often have an artist or DJ playing music upstairs.We had a party of 8 for a birthday and for the middle of the week this location seemed rather dead and not busy even being next to the university. That being said we had a fabulous dinner! This is definitely a place proud of their ambiance. We all managed to try something different and no one was disappointed in their meal and the service was excellent. The choices on the menu was very plentiful and the prices for some items seemed a bit pricey but that probably comes from the "local" factor. the food was all fresh and the presentation was appealing. I would definitely eat here again if I were in the mood for it.  the Chocolate & salted caramel mouse cake was to absolutely die for.The restaurant itself is very pleasant and if you just want drinks, then you will probably enjoy the ambience.  But, the food was mediocre. The four of us dining all had something different  to eat and each of us had a similar evaluation.  It's a shame that the concept of local farm grown food isn't carried out in a more palatable way.*Happy Hour Review Only*
I came in with a group. I had draft beers. They ordered a few flat breads. You guys definitely need more than one bartender upstairs. I felt really bad for the kid and he said it was his first night. Working alone on his first night? Yeesh. I liked the beer. I'll be back but I got 2 beers in a hour and I felt like I was still rushing the poor guy.A lot like seasons 52, seasonal food that's pretty tasty but not very imaginative. It's a normal stock restaurant that is pretty chainy.My wife and I ate here for a late lunch/very early dinner, so it was rather empty.  The food however was good.  
We started by getting a flat bread, which was free when I checked in using Yelp.  I had the vegetable soup which was fresh made and delicious and the Bison burger with a side of mashed potatoes.  My wife had the vegetarian tacos, which she enjoyed.I like Harvest, and have eaten there several times. It's better quality food, service, and drinks than say, Landmark. The menu has a lot of options and while everything sounds like something I would love to stuff into my face, I always get the pizza. Every time. The regular pizza is very, very good, and I love all the different combos you can add (the first 2 proteins you want are free, but an extra one is like a dollar or something so that's a pretty good deal, right?) and I can demolish an entire pie and not feel fat and gross like if I eat a couple of slices from another joint. Fresh, plentiful ingredients and I am about that.
The flatbread, however, is sort of hit or miss. I tried a piece of the spicy sausage flatbread a couple months ago and it was fantastic. Seriously good, and I vowed to get an entire one for myself next time I came to visit. A few days ago my boyfriend and I came here during happy hour and the spicy sausage flatbread I received tasted like printer paper. There was a small sprinkling of cheese, a tasting portion of sausage, and literally three of the kalamata olives. There were so few toppings that all I tasted was thin, crackly flatbread crust. 
It was happy hour, so the pizza was only $5 and I get they would skimp on the toppings. It still filled me up for the price. I probably won't get it again and continue to gorge myself on the regular pizza piled with shrimp, chicken, bacon, and garlic.
They have good cocktails, though. Lots of pomegranate, cranberry, fruity stuff and decent sangria. All for that happy hour price and really, can you complain about getting two flatbreads, two drinks, and an appetizer (we got the hummus, it was good) all for $25? Harvest has been a great addition to ucity and offers a nice sit-down dinner alternative when you want to get away from the usual classy fast food places.These guys are super nice! My boyfriend at the time loved coming here. His favorite dish was the ratatouille grinder. Since this place changes their menu based on the season they stopped serving it for a few months. I decided to try to make it for him for Valentine's Day. I called them with my plans and asked for the recipe. I didn't expect them to get back to me but a few days later they sent me the recipe. I already liked going there because of their friendly wait staff, swanky environment with out the swanky price, and their healthy food, but the fact they were so willing to help me bumped their rating way past 5 stars. Too bad I moved but if I'm ever in the area, I'll drop by for old time's sake.To start off, service alone would be given 5 stars- very friendly, patient and offered great menu advice.
The outdoor seating with fire pits was a nice atmosphere for a fall evening.  We visited on a Thursday and there was live music outside which was a nice touch.
The menu covers a wide range and apparently reasonably caloric meals.  Some of the entree prices look a little high. 
Happy hour and late night specials look like the way to go!
The option for flights of wine is so perfect and the pours for each wine is generous so definitely worth the money.Harvest, with a few outposts throughout the Delaware Valley, is a restaurant noted for its seasonal menus and local, fresh foods.  It should be known for something else as well - a great happy hour...at least the happy hour in the Harvest in University City.  This restaurant is extremely attractive with one of the prettiest flower bedecked outdoor dining terraces in all of Philadelphia.  Inside is also very good-looking and spacious as well.  There are bars on both the first and second floors so you usually can find good seats.  And besides the diverse beers that are on offer, happy hour brings $5 flatbread specials.  These are large in size and topped with tasty ingredients.  For desert they had a delicious deconstructed strawberry shortcake served up in a glass that I can def recommend. All of this is really a bargain.  So try out the happy hour at Harvest in University City.  Hey, did I mention that the service is friendly as well?!Hovered between two and three stars for a while... it's pretty much a 2.5.
This should be an awesome restaurant. Great wine list, interesting menu that changes seasonally, great space. 
And yet... 
We've eaten here twice, and both times, we've left feeling unsatisfied. Our last meal here, I had the chicken soft tacos, and it was very bland. My wife had a build-your-own pizza, and while she enjoyed what got brought to the table, the chef got the order wrong by missing one of the toppings. And while our waitress was very nice when she came around, the service was inattentive at best. 
The appetizers were tasty, and I had a three wine flute tasting where every wine was fantastic, but again, this should be a home run restaurant - we'd love to go here any time we wanted to see a movie next door and instead, we left here thinking, "Right... that's why we don't come more often."Visiting from out of town . Love the "local and in season " philosophy! Everything was delish!Hit or miss. After two visits, still not sure. 
First visit with two friends wad wonderful! Service was friendly & at a good pace. In addition to drinks, we ordered hummus, two flat breads, and a cheese plate to share. I also had the Salmon BLT with a side mac & cheese. Everything was good. We all wanted to come back for a deeper dive into the menu. 
I too that deep dive 3 weeks later. We noshed on the calamari & the salmon flatbread while sipping a bottle of wine. The calamari is served as a cold dish. It was edible for sure but not what either of us expected.  We would not order it again.  The mac & cheese just should be better - also a future pass. Same with the Salmon BLT. It was simply not as put together or tasty as the first time. Even the salmon flatbread was just plain flat. 
All in all, I will go back and stick to the happy hour flatbread, cheese plate, and maybe try the tacos.  
Harvest is on a tightrope between fresh foods, inexpensive campus eats, 500 calories, AND a world where everyone's a foodie.  I will go back but nothing so far makes it my 'go to' yet. Solid 3++!This place was amazing. I went here with my fiancé, sister, brother-in-law and 1 year old niece on a Saturday night and we were able to get in and seated immediately. The staff was extremely accommodating about having a baby and were generally very helpful. The food was actually much less expensive than I expected - the only other nice-ish restaurant we could get into that night was Penne which is way more expensive (their pasta dishes were more than Harvest's steak) and not half as good. Between all of us we had the hangar steak (delicious), sausage flatbread (great - going to try a new one next time though!), beet salad and fall salad (both quite delicious), and baked goat cheese. I actually couldn't believe how good everything was and we all decided it was the perfect place to take people who are visiting you in West Philly/University City, because really, where else is there around the area to get some good, healthy, fresh food in a really nice atmosphere? Will definitely be back soon!Was here yesterday for dinner. My wife had a salad and the ravioli which she enjoyed but was nothing special. 
My salmon was undercooked. The staff apologized and did try to fix the issue. Only to then have the salmon come out dry. Wasn't worth the aggravation to send it back again. Passed on the desert. Didn't have much confidence in them at this point. Staff was really friendly. 
Place was comfortable. Food was just ok. Won't be back unless someone in my party really wants to come here.I just had the yummiest bison burger here. I never had bison before and I loved it. My son had a seasonal burger as well and keeps asking to come back. My only complaint was that he bun got soggy towards the end of the meal. Would definately come back to Harvest Grill.Average food & on the pricy side for what you get. The portions are small and not filling. Started with a flatbread which was overly salted, then a bland bison burger. Menu is limited, wouldn't recommend.Absolutely love this place, the ambience, food and the friendly staff. Their menu changes every season and they are calorie conscious with majority of their dishes being 500 calories or under. 
Love the dessert selection and price point of $3.00 for any one. Happy hour is ideal because the flatbread can be addictive and you can't eat just one.We had lunch here twice this week. Both times I had the burger... I know, sounds boring but wow, what a great burger. I had the un-fried fries the first visit, but don't think I'll do that again. They tasted decent, but they had a soggy boiled kind of texture. My wife and I shared the calamari app. Excellent!! She had the salmon salad the second visit and truthfully I forget what she had the first time but she must have liked it because we came back and we generally only go where she wants!I came here for University City Dining Days and it was great! Everything was very solid and presented well. I sat indoors for the air conditioning but the outdoor seating looked beautiful. I'm not sure what their normal prices are like, but for $25 per person, my three-course meal was very worthwhile during Dining Days.Not bad overall. Had a late lunch here post- UPenn tour.  Small but decent craft beer selection. I was probably (negatively) subconsciously influenced by the fact that there was only one other party in the entire restaurant during our visit, although that was probably only due to the tweener hour...We had our rehearsal dinner here. We had reserved a private room, but then they told us that they scheduled us for the wrong day, so we had to have our group in the main dining room--which was extremely loud (due to a live music performance) and not ideal. The service was extremely slow. It took probably half an hour, at least, for a server to take our orders (including drink orders). The food was good though.
Since the food was good and our group had been so big, we thought maybe our experience had been a fluke and went back the next week. The waitress informed us that there was some issue in the kitchen and our food took FOREVER to come. Even our appetizer/flatbread took like 30 minutes to arrive.
Not impressed with the management/service at this restaurant.crap service by crap people...too bad because the food was great.This is a great place for visitors because if you ask for recommendations they will give you the highest priced items on the menu. With that said, glad I did my research. Great wines and awesome atmosphere with the fireplace pits burning after hours. This place is for couples and acquaintance. Parking is not readily available so be in the walking mood. So overall, this is one of those places where it's a toss up and depends on whom I'm with and if this is the only location in the area. It just wasn't a great experience but the wine was good.Ok so here's my 2nd review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review...
Can I review the HAPPY HOUR 1st and then do another review for an average night out at Harvest for dinner service?  Ok that's all right you'll allow me to do that.  Your mothers did raise you smart and right I guess.
HAPPY HOUR- I like a good deal.  I'm not cheap.  There's a difference.  
1/2 price deals are a value and are pretty damn good but not great.
1/2 price mixed drinks are pretty damn tasty and thats all I have to say about that.  Keep the liquor flowing!
1/2 price beer selection is limited but even beer connoisseurs and beer brats should be able to SETTLE for a beer such as a Troegs that is on special.
What did I forget....? Service.  Go to the bar and order drinks and food yourself unless you're sitting down for dinner.  Hey I'm a casual guy and they did give me plates and napkins when they delivered the pizza pies so I was happy,
Atmosphere is nice and the music they play during Happy Hour is great as far as I'm concerned and I know I have good taste in hip hop- you'd say so yourself if you flipped through my tape collection- jk I'm not that old but I did collect cd's!
Ok I planned on doing the sit-down dinner part here but it almost makes more sense to write a completely separate  review for the same restaurant (only not Happy Hour) and here it goes...
5...4...3...2...1...(vegan review)
they have a few vegan options. the boring-sounding stir-fry was actually probably the best tofu stir-fry i've had anywhere, ever.
the cool thing is it's right next to the movie theater, so you can bang it out: dinner and a movie, right there. makes for a great date combo one-two punch. it's also only a couple blocks from the el stop, as well as a bunch of different busses and stuff.
worth checking out, especially if you're going to see a movie or going for a stroll on locust walk after.Like many others, we wandered into Harvest post-movie to grab a drink and a snack.  We were happy to find that they offer a Late Night Happy Hour with $3 beers, $5 wines, and $5 Sangria as well as $5 Flatbreads.  I opted for the White Strawberry Rhubarb Sangria and the Rock Shrimp Flatbread.  The Sangria wasn't anything special and it was loaded with ice making the "$5" less of a deal.  The Flatbread was very interesting as it was topped with Ricotta, Rock Shrimp, Pineapple, and Jalepeno.  I liked the flavors but wish they would have cut the jalapenos a bit smaller and increased the amount of Ricotta and Shrimp to give it a bit more flavor.
The decor of this place is absolutely 5 stars but it's the service that brings this place down. The bartenders were not very friendly and at one point one of them even called my boyfriend "boss".  I was hoping that the service we received would be consistent with their yummy looking menu and great atmosphere but it was not.  I doubt we'll return mainly due to the rude service we received. It would be nice to see them hire some staff that are passionate about the concept behind Harvest and more in line with the inviting decor.This place was decent. Not over the top amazing, and not bad either. It was just good. And because it's across the street from my boyfriend's apartment, I'm probably going to go back. I enjoyed my cherry-ginger mojito, though it was a little too sweet. My spicy tofu stir fry, while very light and pretty looking, was kind of...too spicy and sweet. 
I really dig the atmosphere, though. And our waiter was pretty great. He was super attentive and sweet. I liked him a lot. Everything here is under 500 calories unless otherwise specified. The menu also focuses on healthy, seasonal and locally procured foods. I love that.Came here shortly after they opened to the public and we had a great table with a great view. The service was good, and specifically, our waiter was very friendly and knew the menu well. The mussel and flatbread appetizers were good - only complaint was that the mussels didn't come out with bread to sop up the soup - but the entrees were a little lacking. We went with the cedar roasted salmon and the pan seared grouper. The cedar flavor was not throughout the salmon and in general, the flavors of the fish were on the muted side. 
And then came dessert. It was really quite underwhelming. We asked about the desert options and what was brought out was a tray of little small cups filled with a variety of different things. Really looked like a good idea, but who knows how long they were sitting out and just waiting for somebody to choose one. The desserts were the weakest part of the entire meal - we almost wish we had just had more appetizers, because really, that was the best part of the meal.
Maybe next time, we'll just do apps and drinks.The food here is absolutely great and fresh every time and we have been here several times with our kids.  My wife enjoyed the wine list and I had some very good fresh cocktails - no Franklin-esque performance cocktails, but they were solid.  They love the sliders and kid friendly food while we can have some real upscale fresh food.  They always have some interesting twists on classics on the menu.  The beet salad is great - I just wish there was more of it.  AS mentioned by others, the main plates are smaller portioned to be 500 calories, so I found myself picking at the kids leftovers.  But they are upfront about it on the menu so there was no surprise.As out of towners, Harvest was recommended to us by a nurse at CHOP and we couldn't have been happier with our dining experience - feeling of an upscale casual atmosphere.  
I'm a sucker for any restaurant that supports local farmers so when we learned that their menu was seasonal to reflect that, they already had brownie points in my book. 
Our waiter Bryan was phenomenal... personable, extremely knowledgable about the menu, great recommendations, and attentive (without the smothering waiter feel). 
The Pear and Bleu flatbread (Bryan's recommendation) was unbelievable and we also enjoyed a new twist on edamame with the 3 way appetizer. The 4 of us all ordered different entrees and sides but our plates were all empty at the end of our meal!
The only complaint we have is that they don't have a location in New York! 5 stars :)Harvest is a great go-to spot for anyone who wants a healthy meal and a nice atmosphere. I highly recommend their veggie burrito and veggie tacos. Their menu changes every couple of months but there are some dishes that stay year-long. The pear and blue flatbread is delicious as well for an appetizer. Watch out for their specials on select days for their appetizers.The FOOD was JUST OK, most of the items are under 500 calories because the portion sizes are very small, even though the entrees are under $30, is way to expensive for the amount of food that you get . The place looks nice and the whole concept is a knock off from Seasons 52 (I prefer Seasons 52 by far)The Happy Hour deals (5-7pm) are so great! $5 appetizers and half off tacos! My friends and I got like every kind of taco, and I was able to try the braised beef and the vietnamese chicken tacos. The slow braised beef short rib taco could have used a little more seasoning, but the vietnamese chicken taco was great! Also, they have $3 mousse for dessert!!! (Unexpectedly, the waiter actually brought us all of the mousse on a platter when we asked for a dessert menu, haha.) So yummy; I would recommend the peanut butter mousse, though key lime is also good. Overall, a great place for drinks and fun with friends!I recently went to new Harvest Grill and Wine Bar for dinner. I was generally excited to hear that this restaurant provides all local, farm fresh foods. Also intriguing were the under 500 calorie menu items. I made a reservation after calling and asking the woman on the phone if she thought Saturday night would be busy. She was very helpful and suggested that I make it because she was filling up fast. I must say, from the second I walked in until the moment I walked out, every staff person I encountered was more than courteous. Everyone greeted me with a smile and "hello," while just walking to the table or bathroom. I must say, in my book, this goes a LONG way! We sat in a booth directly next to the kitchen (which doesn't necessarily bother me however my friend doesn't particularly like it due to smells from the kitchen while trying to enjoy a meal...understandable). I enjoy the open concept, dark wood, and relaxed feeling you get with the lighting. I ordered a red wine and water immediately after sitting down, meanwhile my friend came 15 minutes later from parking the car and my drinks had not come yet. I did flag down the waiter and point out that A. my wine was not present , and B. there was a new order to be taken now. He apologized and went to retrieve the drinks. 
After looking over the menu, the waiter RAVED about the pear and bleu flat bread, which we decided to order for an app. It was SO GOOD. We ate every last bite. For dinner I ordered the Harvest Moon Chicken and my friend ordered the Bison Burger. My portion was petite but just enough after eat all of that flat bread! The chicken was moist (I hate dry chicken and hardly order it out for this fact), the vegetables and potatoes were very tender.  I especially liked the incorporation of the apples on the plate which gave sweetness to the tang and acidity of the cider glaze on the chicken. Apparently the Bison Burger was "awesome." It was served with barbecue sauce and some form of crunchy chip on top which was a hit for my friend. 
We ended the dinner with their amazing mini desserts, we both ordered the chocolate salted caramel moose cake (which was way more moose than cake) and absolutely amazing! During our meal, one of the managers came to our table, David, who was extremely nice and welcoming. I noticed him going to other tables and having conversations with other patrons  and in the kitchen helping out, which is always good to see!!! All in all this was a successful evening and I will definitely be going back soon to try out the wine bar upstairs.
The only suggestion I have is that because the  ceilings are high, and the open concept allows for kitchen noises to be very loud, some background music might be nice?...not sure if  it would only create more noise....5 stars!
Made reservations here for Valentine's Day.. Since it was the only thing really available the day of. But what a wonderful surprise! Pre-fixed menu with wine OR beer pairings was amazing! Recommend the oysters Rockefeller, seafood dish with salted halibut scallops and shrimp with dessert! 
Great service too! 
Highly recommend!I didn't think it could get any worse!
Here's an update on the experience I describe before -
After emailing the General Manager as I was advised, I was looking forward to having this matter resolved. After all, I was embarrassed to have insisted on bringing my colleagues here for happy hour, and looked forward to letting them know that it had been made right.
Instead, I get radio silence from the GM for more than a week now after emailing him about my bad experience. I even emailed him a few days ago again in case he missed the first attempt, and got nothing. Looking at some other reviews (see Hali R.), I see I'm not the first to be ignored after being told on Yelp to email the GM after reporting a bad experience! What the heck!!This was my second time to Harvest for dinner. The first time I came here I paid $14 for approximately 5 noodles. Knowing that, I came back wiser and had a game plan.
Harvest prides itself on having "farm-to-table" seasonal meals that try to be under 500 calories each. So, 500 calories in noodles or rice is nothing. I would highly recommend avoiding any dish that is pasta/rice oriented at Harvest or else you will leave hangry and never want to come back. 
What I do HIGHLY recommend is coming to Harvest for happy hour (5-7 during the week) and grabbing a flatbread and an app. When I came to Harvest, I was able to score 2 flatbreads, a trio of hummus app, and 2 beers for around $22. HH special is $5 flatbreads and $3 drafts with a few other specials. I wanted the highest ABV for my $ and lucked out with Golden Monkey being a special draft for the day.
The flatbreads are very flat - almost like a cracker but have the most amazing toppings. I ordered the blue cheese and pear flatbread which was very sweet but also satisfying. My boyfriend offered the sausage one which he said was very filling. The hummus we ordered came with enough pita, carrots, and cucumber to be able to get ample tastings of all three hummus options. My favorite was the black bean hummus - wish I could have taken it home.
On a side note about the service, it was pretty slow and they made a few mistakes within the group I was with - about 10 of us. But we were upstairs in one of the private rooms. Someone in my party ordered steak that she claimed tasted like salmon - which is bizarre. My food was fine but I figured I would share the experience. Also, when they brought out the checks they originally didn't give us the happy hour specials which literally doubled the price of my meal. They fixed it once we said something though.  
Overall, Harvest is a solid choice for happy hour but anything after that you are going to be spending a pretty penny.My fiancee and I had to wait 15 minutes just to get some water... The restaurant wasn't even packed when we came in. We did come in 20 minutes before the happy hour came to an end though, so maybe they were hoping to charge us more by making us wait? After the meal was over, they charged us full prices for the drinks despite the fact that we ordered everything before 7... We had to wait over 30 mins before I just got sick of waiting and went up to the hostess to demand our waitress to come back. 
TL;DR - 15 mins to get water. 30 mins waiting to pay. Messed up our checks (probably on purpose). 
Yeah. Fuck this place.I've been waiting more than 30 minutes for a drink! Plus, the waitress made it obvious that she is not interested at serving at all.I have been here twice and both times thought the food was great. Staff was friendly and atmosphere was swanky compared to other places in University City. It is so convienient to the movie theater. I had the beer can chicken tacos and they were delicious. The cocktail menu has some great variety. The  only reason I gave this 4 stars is service was little slow especially when trying to make your movie next door but our waitress/waiters have been extremely friendly. Also I found beer list very limited and seem put off that a few items were out and it was only 7 pm on a Friday! But guess that is due to them always using fresh stuff, you could run out. Overall I liked the place a day will go back.Saw this place several times while walking around Penn Campus. It looks super inviting with a glass facade and large outdoor seating area.  So at  about 1PM on a Saturday  I walk by  and was drawn in by the sign that advertised mimosas and other drink specials.  Unfortunately I could not try the food or the drinks...
Walked in to see a crowd of people at the door and am empty host stand/desk.  No problem figured they were doing something. But then 5, 10 and then 15 minutes passed and several employees came to the stand rustled some menus made eye contact with me and didn't say anything. Companion went outside as she saw a waiter but they just walked by her without saying anything.
Finally after 20 minutes of being ignored I was ready to leave, companion really in the mood for mimosas so i say screw it lets just go sit at the bar... Now there are people sitting there waiting but no bartender, just someone that comes and goes from behind the bar and says just a moment.  another 20 minutes pass and still no one has taken an order or really even acknowledged us.  
Keep in mind a few people were there  eating so its not like they were closed, and there were a few people working there but they paid attention to no one. 
Last attempt to get some ones attention fails as i am told just a second for the 3rd time and i had been there like 40 minutes.  The entire time I did not see the waitstaff actually do anything, no food or drinks were served to anyone
Walk out and see that the special was actually for the next day, but the date was written in tiny letters.
The only explanation i could give was that the managers were not there because probably 15-20 people walked in waited and then left when no one approached them.  I don't like having my time wasted and as a result I will almost definitely not give this place another chance.I almost feel bad about going with three stars, so I'd like to point out that I mean 3* in the purest sense of the Yelp qualitative equivalence: A-OK. Harvest is an A-OK place to go. I actually conceptualize it as not a place that I go for lunch/dinner on any regular basis, but the place I take my parents when they come to visit campus, since it's an upscale atmosphere and the food is healthy and good. I think that, if you come here, you will like it. 
The wine list is very impressive, and they offer various and sundry flight options and pour sizes. The concept for the food is good: local, sustainable, most dishes less than 500 calories. I'm a big fan of the pear-gorgonzola flatbread the Kennett Square mushroom flatbread. They are both very tasty and work well as appetizers. I also got the tofu stir fry the last time I was here, which sounds totally boring but was actually delicious. 
The space is nicely decorated and has an upscale sort of feel to it. I would feel more comfortable here with a blazer than I would in a t-shirt (which is not a problem for me, as I like to wear blazers over t-shirts. best of both worlds, indeed). The service is usually very polite, if a little formal for my taste. 
So Harvest is a good choice if you're in the area, but not sure it beats out some of the other great places that surround it.Came here for drinks and a bite to eat on a Friday night. I was surprised there weren't more people in here but the winter has a funny way of keeping people inside their houses.
The food was the kind where it's smaller plated than you might find elsewhere but artful and delicious. Frankly, I'm supportive of this since Americans could stand to learn a thing or two about portion control. Go for a flat bread and a salad and an entree to share with someone and you'll walk away happy.
The drinks were pretty solid as well. My advice is to talk to the bartender about making something not on the menu. The bartender I chatted with lit up when I asked him to make me something with gin. He ended up making an interesting drink with a clove of garlic in it. It ruled though I definitely wasn't going to make out with anyone after that.The health nut and local food loving types might vibe with this place a lot. For me, it was maybe okay. I was not disappointed, but not overly pleased. I felt it was a little over priced for what you get. And, I am not the health nut type. Give me a McDonald's burger and fries over this spot any time.
I'm not saying I don't like expensive food, because I love it when it's good. But I am more the gluten type, than I am the healthy and organic type. But I also can like healthy food if done really well. Truth be told, it has to be much better than okay for me.The hotel recommend this place and the need to stop. It was ok at best, closest place from the hotel. Totally not impressed with the food . They call feta cheese over lettuce  a Greek salad and served pita bread with bruschetta. Very over priced. 3 stars for the cocktails cucumber basil martini very goodOh YUM!
I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch here on a Sunday afternoon. I had the salmon fennel cranberry salad which was SO SO tasty- light and fresh and YUMMY! My friend had the spicy tofu stir fry which did taste somewhat like your typical stir fry but SO much more exciting and colorful! 
Our waiter was extremely polite, as if we were at a fine dining experience!
I expect it could get a bit pricey with the addition of alcohol, but on occasion, isn't a light splurge worth it? :)This place is convenient for students and have pretty good happy hours throughout the week. $3 long islands and pints on Thursday's! It does get a little too loud for my liking during nights out, but it is a college bar after all. Great place to grab some cheap drinks with friends!Harvest Seasonal Grill & Wine Bar
200 S 40th St, Philadelphia, PA 19104 (215) 662-1100
http://harvestseasonalgrill.com/menu/appetizers/
Well, certainly an appropriate name for a  restaurant dedicated to bringing local farm fresh products to the table. The emphasis at this restaurant is twofold: 1) make most (if not all) the dishes under 500 calories, and 2) bring the green concept to a whole new level.  The bar glass table tops are recycled glass, the ink on the menus is green, they emphasize that they use green cleaning products as well as recycled paper products, per their website.
I started the meal off with the Butternut Squash Soup Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, Local Organic Honey.  Great start to the meal.  I love a good butternut squash soup. Was a perfect start to the meal. Rich and creamy and had a lovely sweetness to it with hints of pumpkin.
I followed this up with a house salad that had a nice mixture of fruit, but there was not enough dressing on this huge plate of greens.  After half the salad, I felt like I was just eating tasteless leafy greens.  While great for my digestive tract to add bulk fiber to my diet, it had little taste in my mouth and as such, was not the best of choices for a salad dish. The house dressing was not particularly impressive either and tasted like any old house dressing, nothing unique here.
Pork Ribeye Shaved Fennel & Apples, Quinoa Couscous Risotto, Cherry Demi Glace. Not bad.  Certainly a redeeming dish of the meal next to the Butternut Squash soup.  It was almost as if the butternut squash soup started so high that the following courses had nowhere to go. Need to build to a main course like this--not cascade down a hill like what happened tonight.
Harvest Moon Chicken Cider Rosemary Glazed, Grilled Apples, Brussel Sprouts, Fingerling Potatoes. This was not so good.  Chicken seemed dry but an acceptable dish none the less.  I wouldn't recommend it, but I wouldn't push it away in disgust either.  It's another one of those dishes that you just eat it because it's in front of you.
Of Note:
Outdoor dining area featuring beautiful floral displays and fire pits.My friends and I went here for early dinner and it was perfect timing for Happy Hour so $5 appetizers and half off tacos! We tried the Harvest flatbread (free thanks to Yelp!), Asian BBQ Chicken Skewers, Slow Braised Beef Short Ribs Tacos, Vietnamese Chicken Tacos, and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Cup. 
The Harvest flatbread was a little flat, both in appearance and taste. It was thin and crispy, but a little bland. The Asian BBQ Chicken Skewers were very saucy, but kinda cold. The dipping sauce for the skewers strangely tasted like ketchup. The Slow Braised Beef Short Rib Tacos needed some salt and pepper. It was severely under-seasoned. On the other hand, the Vietnamese Chicken Tacos were pretty good! I enjoyed the light, sweet taste. 
I asked for the dessert menu and the server came with a bunch of the desserts on a platter! He introduced each dessert and we were able to choose what we wanted. The Peanut Butter Chocolate Cup was creamy and the peanut butter was not overwhelming.The worse ever. Adam the general manger makes excuses for hit pitiful bartenders.  I will never go to this place again and I will make sure that my business will never have an event here again.  The realization is that there are so many good restaurants in Philly and this is a let down due to the poor customer service and bad staff. The only good thing about this place is the flatbread. Bye Adam and bad attitude bartender.When you search "Harvest" on Yelp, the "free flatbread" offer pops up. This might entice you, but I implore you to ignore the part of you that wants free food, for you will not find this dining experience to be a liberating one. My friends and I went to Harvest this past Saturday night in the hopes of having a delicious late night dinner/snack. Once seated, we waited at least 8 minutes before a waitress came to our table. We were quite parched and eager for water, and we also were very hungry! When she finally arrived, we placed our orders for water and three pizzas. When the pizzas arrived (after quite a long wait) they tasted like glorified cardboard. I'm not exaggerating, there was NO flavor. But we were famished so we ate it (which I regret). I even asked for red pepper flakes and after covering my slice in spice, it was still barely edible. I have a pretty low threshold when it comes to pizza satisfaction, and this is the first time it was not met. The combo of poor service and poor food made this evening both forgettable and memorable. Harvest has very good drink specials (such as $3 long islands) so I gave them two stars for that. If you want a cheap drink, by all means go! But don't expect any fresh harvested (pun intended) ingredients or flavors- you won't find them here.Pros:
Amazing happy hour. $4 house wines aren't too bad, and $3 Skyy cocktails provide good drunk-to-dollars ratio (try it with pineapple juice). Half price fish or veggie tacos are delicious, and they come with eggplant and guac! The $5 flatbreads are fantastic too (personal favourite is bleu cheese). Have never tried anything else on the menu. Low-calorie options are labeled, which is convenient. 
(and there's one Asian server dude with a great attitude who kicks ass!)
Cons:
The brioche French toast that I got for brunch today was quite disappointing and absolutely not worth $12 plus tax and tip, in either quantity or quality. Two pieces of dry bread, sliced on the diagonal, barely dipped in egg or butter - tasted rather like normal toast, dusted in a bit of icing sugar. Came with maple syrup as described, but the "fruit compote" listed on the menu was just a sad little bowl of strawberry slices and grapes.
I've made better French toast at home, and would rather go to IHOP or Greek Lady for better toast at half the price.
Would have given four stars if not for this experience.
Moral of the story: skip brunch (or at least the toast), and come for happy hour!Harvest has the same theme as seasons 52. That being they offer a healthier menu and a some what upscale atmosphere but with pretty reasonable prices. As with seasons 52 the Harvest food taste fresh and full of flavor. I had the lemon grilled chicken with carrots asparagus and potatoes. It was awesome. I finished my meal feeling fulfilled not stuffed like I do at other restaurants which allowed me to have desert. Their deserts come in small serving too keep calories low. I recommend this place to anyone who is on a diet but still wants to go out to with friends. You can have nice meal with desert and not feel like you wasted a weeks worth of workouts.A 2-star "Meh" rating is exactly what I think Harvest is: quite average. The novelty of using local, sustainable ingredients is great, but that should translate to the food and here is where Harvest fell short. The food was mediocre at best, with small portions (which I'm fine with if its good, but just an FYI), over-salted and over-cooked. I had the bison meatloaf which arrived not only cold, but overcooked as well, with a side of 2 small carrots, a golf-ball sized helping of mashed potatoes, and 1 piece of broccoli. Literally one tiny floret of broccoli, what's that about? The sauce was supposed to be a plum-type of concoction that tasted more like ketchup.
My girlfriend had a "roasted" vegetable salad which came with virtually no roasted vegetables. The one's it did come with were cold and not cooked. 
I did have a cocktail from the bar that was quite tasty, however. Overall, wouldn't go back, though. The price is not worth the average food quality, even if it is locally sourced.Wait staff was kind, polite, informative. The happy hour deals are great. The flatbreads are worth every penny - filling, great taste, fresh, crispy bottom, YUM. Seasonal and locally grown ingredients definitely makes a great dish. Shrimp lettuce wraps were awkward to self assemble but so delicious I looked past that -- well flavored, and again, great portion and filling. Make this a pre or post dinner and a movie place -- there is a movie theater right behind it. Can't go wrongDespite the fact that I live about two blocks away from Harvest, I have never ventured inside. Luckily I was able to fix that. I went here with a large party of about 25-30 people and were seated in a large closed hall all by ourselves.
Ambiance: The restaurant ad a very "home-y" vibe to it. Exposed rock walls with numerous fireplaces made me feel I was walking into a large home that happened to have a bar and full fledged kitchen. The decorations are kept to a minimum which reflects the feel the place was going for. Natural woods abound and complement the stone.
Food: Since our party was so large we had a predesignated menu for us. Starting out, we were given a parmesan encrusted flatbread with oregano seasoning. Lets just say that the bread disappeared very fast. Next up was a butternut squash soap that was flavored with a bit of honey. I've never been a fan of butternut squash but the soup converted me. I scarfed it down and could hardly wait for my bison burger which was the next dish. The burger was cooked to perfection and was still incredibly juicy. The bun itself was delicious as well the mushroom sauce that came with it. The side salad was good though the greens weren't that crisp as I would have liked them.  
Service: Quite nice. The waiter was prompt and friendly, always coming back to double check on us. The service was quick too, the food came out together (which was impressive considering there was about 8 of us).
Drinks: The restaurant has a full bar on the second floor but I didn't get to use it so I can't attest to the drinks there. However their beer selection was quite large from what I could tell. I ended up having a nice glass of chardonnay. I'm not a big fan of the dryer chardonnays and I was glad the wine had a nice balance between dryness and sweetness. 
Overall I am pretty impressed with this place. Though its in the heart of University City, its a place I would definitely come back to and would be a great spot for a date as well!Passed by the restaurant and loved the outdoor seating, so my girlfriend and I went here for lunch. It was absolutely amazing. Can't get over how good the spicy thai calamari was.Upscale wine bar & eatery in West Philadelphia.
Came here for a relaxing weekend lunch with friends. We were seated outside, but no matter where you sit, the ambience is both upscale and inviting. Think City Tap House, only cozier (and with better service). Harvest's menu follows the "farm-to-fork" trend, a refreshing departure from Philly's standard dining options. We started off with a couple of flatbreads, the mushroom & spinach pizza, and Asian chicken skewers.
Their flatbreads might be crispy and tasty, but they take "flat" to a whole new level -- think tortilla sliced in half horizontally... I don't know about you, but I don't order bread topped with cheese and expect to be served what is clearly diet food! This is what you order if you're not hungry at all but still want to pretend like you're eating something. The "Asian" chicken skewers aren't Asian at all. Think P.F. Chang's orange chicken, only grilled, poked aggressively with a stick, and served with a side of peanut dipping sauce. Acceptable, but I wouldn't recommend ordering it.
Harvest's pizza, on the other hand, was very good. Our pie was served piping hot from the oven and topped liberally with melted cheese, fresh spinach, mushrooms, and goat cheese, all of which melded perfectly. The crust was crisp, soft, and slightly chewy. So delicious, I almost ordered another one. For my entree, I ordered the slow-roasted chicken sandwich au jus. Now, I was no longer hungry at this point but the sandwich was delicious nonetheless. Tender, juicy chicken dark meat on toasty bread. The house salad that came with the dish was a spring mix with balsamic dressing. It tasted fresh, but was nothing remarkable.
The party really starts on Thursday-Saturday nights, when they offer $3 Long Islands (Thu), $2 craft beers (Fri-Sat), and $3 Skyy mixed drinks (Fri-Sat). Just don't be shocked to see a DJ spinning in front of a dance floor full of sweaty, loud college students. Harvest's waitstaff is patient and very friendly, if a bit slow. Still, a solid experience overall. I would definitely come back for happy hour (pizza & beers) or just to hang out on a beautiful day.I've been here several times but, this is my first review and a delayed one at that. Last time I came here was for my 40th birthday. My husband made reservations and was given a private room, The room was very nice except for the mouse that was running around. Mice in restaurants does not surprise especially when you think of the loction of the restaurant . What was shocking is that the mouse was bold enough to make his debut in front of a half dozen people. We spoke to the waitress and she shrugged it off saying that she will mention it to her manager. I am delayed in speaking out because this is one of my husband's favorite eateries and we never experienced this in the past,I placed an order on Caviar for a few items, one being a cup of French Onion Soup ($5).  The soup arrived in a container that was only half full, and there was no bread/croutons or cheese as is expected with French Onion Soup.  I called to request a refund for the soup and a man answered and said "I can't hear you" and promptly forwarded me to voice mail without warning.  I left one and was just called back by someone at the restaurant who was very nice, but didn't ask any questions about our dissatisfaction and offered me a $10 gift card to the restaurant. I was hoping just for the $5 back because I am never in that area and they only deliver via Caviar.  I ended up having to contact Caviar directly for the refund (which is fine, I should have assumed that this was the case judging by the payment system).  I will most likely never order from there again.I came here for an event.  The crab cakes were awesome!!! Some of the servers were horrible.  Their wine selection was very nice.  The chiefs paired the wines with the food and it was a wonderful pairing.Interesting menu with something for everyone. Really enjoyed the mushroom pappardelle. The desserts are lovely and yummy. Service excellent. Nice atmosphere.I'm consistently unimpressed by this place. Food not so great and food is a bit expensive. Last time I came for happy hour and drinks and was upset to see the happy hour menu wasn't as extensive as it used to be. That's OK I guess. What wasn't OK was the wait for our drinks - we were there several hours, it wasn't that busy, and we always had to wait at least 20 minutes for our drinks. I will not be coming back here.Great outdoor seating area perfect for a warm spring day.  Interesting flavor combinations like nachos that are really pita chips with sausage, chicken, lettuce, cheese, and dressing.
Good service, when we went at 11am on Sunday.  Obviously that's off-peak, have only been that one time.I had a bad experience at the place, went over to have some drinks with some friends and the bartenders couldn't keep attention to the customers no one came over to help meanwhile the staff was definitely not short, then the security staff instead of taking care of a problem I had, decided to come at me as if I was some drunk guy giving the bar a problem, I hadn't even have a drink yet. Customers shouldn't be talked down to by ANY members of the staff. That's what keeps customers away. Also the crowd smelled like body odor probably won't recommend this place to anyone. I don't wish for anyone to deal with a noisy bouncer who tells customers to go f*** themselves basically,  is this man getting paid to yell at people ? and tell them right from wrong ? Anyways here's is the review that I promised I would give. People may or may not agree but this was my experience at this bar. Save your time, money and energy. It's not because you have nice place that you can treat people like you are better it is really bad for business.Pleasantly surprised by this large scale farm to table restaurant.  Sat down and was please that I could see a couple Tvs playing football from my spot in the dining room.  Server was real pleasant and greeting us and engaged us in conversation.  We ended up getting the cheese plate and quesadilla, along with the fillets (which were great and locally sourced), with the wedges and mac n cheese.  To cap it off we had some dessert cup along with beers and a bottle of wine.  Excellent experience, excellent food.  Worth going back.Great place for weekend brunch.  Came here recently for late brunch - on a Sunday with two family members. We enjoyed the $10 pitchers of mimosas.  The service was just outstanding.  They even had a very talented D.J. - great music selection.  The food was delicious.  I ordered a standard breakfast and everything from the eggs to the bread was just perfect.  Great coffee and dessert afterwards.  We were seated outdoors and it was just beautiful.  Reasonable prices. I will definitely be back.Frankly, one star is too generous. Egregious errors by staff very nearly made half of our party sick. Gluten-free means NO gluten. Spice sensitivity means LOW tolerance for super spicy foods. This staff needs to learn to take dietary restrictions seriously. And lest we forget that two drink orders were completely overlooked. They still expected us to pay full price for those errors, despite the fact that management promised to remove those charges from our bill and didn't until being challenged. Are you kidding me? Sloppy service, inconsiderate and unprofessional management, and just so-so food. Avoid, avoid, avoid.Delicious and interesting food combinations, excellent service every time I've been there, and the atmosphere is modern, but still cozy (love the fireplaces).  My favorite meals are the veggie stir-fry (not even a big stir-fry fan, but it's excellent) and the ratatouille grinder.  All of my meat-eating friends that I've been with have all enjoyed their meals too and have gone back again.  Drink specials are always interesting, not the same old, same old you see at most restaurants/bars.  I'd definitely recommend it.  One of the only good places in the area to eat.Despite it being a prominent fixture in the heart of University City, Harvest Grill was not a place I ever thought of going to in the three years I've spent in the city. The only reason I went was because a group of friends were going. The first thing I noticed was that the decor was pretty impressive. Wood and glass came together nicely to give this modern yet rustic feel to the bi-level venue. However, the second thing I noticed en route to our table was that the floor was ridiculously sticky which was off putting.
The dinner item I ordered was the Spicy Tofu Stir Fry. I grew up eating food from a culture that doesn't append qualifiers such as "spicy" or "mild" to the names of their dishes because it is implicit that the item will already be fragrant with spices. The Spicy Tofu was super flavorful and fulfilling , but it was certainly not spicy. On the one hand, I appreciated that the serving size was legitimately a single serving. I felt full and not sick after finishing. On the other hand, it means that if you like to save some of your entree for your next meal, Harvest portion sizes don't allow for that. Unless you came already having eaten.
Overall, it was a decent experience, but I will be unlikely to come here on my own volition again. Don't let that stop you from trying it out though!We stopped in at Harvest late on a Sunday afternoon. Decided to get some drinks and some appetizers before we met friends for an event.
Sitting at the bar was so relaxing and the young lady who was tending bar was great with her suggestions on what to order. 
She has just made a cocktail for another customer and said I may like it as well. She was correct  - Brandy Alexander was spot on!
Our server gave us just the right amount of attention - she even promoted the NYE event that Harvest is hosting in such a way that it wasn't a sales pitch at all. We actually are going to be there to ring in the new year! 
The atmosphere here is mix modern chic and quiet cool. Can't wait to go back and try more of the food!I appreciate the thought behind the restaurant: healthy, well portioned meals made with ingredients from local producers.  However, this increases the cost and decreases the serving size.  I came out feeling like I paid a lot for very little - while the food was good, it wasn't anything mind blowing.Went in for lunch while in town for business. Liked the place although it was fairly empty so I sat at the bar. Had a glass of wine and one of their 8" pizzas. Service was good and pizza good too (could've been a little warmer though) but it was very satisfying.I've only ever been here for happy hour so I can't comment on the restaurant but the service at the bar is ALWAYS abysmal. Doesn't matter if there are 3 people in the place or 300. It's impossible to get a bartender's attention. But the deals are decent and the flatbreads are yummy.Without the happy hours I would give 2 stars because the food kinda sucks. Super small portions that aren't even very good. I ate here a few times and alway left starving. The happy hours on the other hand are legit! $3 pints 5-7 on weekdays, 8-12 fri-sat, and $3 long islands Thursday's 8-12 (always pops)!Came here twice over a recent stay--once for happy hour, once not.  The happy hour prices for brews and sangria were great, and the sangria was tasty.  Sitting on the porch was really nice at a fire pit table, TVs were also on.  Servers were friendly, although at times I felt as though I wanted to be given a chance to ask for more water more frequently.  Had the chicken tacos one night and pizza the next--both were good and much less salty than most eatery food.  I frequently find most places salt their food too much.  Would go again for sure.Not sure why this place only has 3.5 stars. Went there last night with my mom and it was amazing! We had the Pear and Bleu flatbread (suggested by the waitor), the assorted cured meats, the filet mignon, and dessert. EVERYTHING was delicious and I had no complaints. I also love that most of the menu items are under 500 calories. Everything was delicious and our waitor was great. I am honestly not a fan of many food places in University City, but this one is perfect.I like the setting here and that it is in close proximity to my job so a drink after a hard 12 hour shift is always inviting...I enjoy the bartenders...they have always been attentive and the drinks are great...the small plates are enjoyable...Congratulations, Harvest. You have inspired me to create a Yelp account just to post a review, so you know it will be a good one. I have visited this location three times and felt inclined to post this after trying the food, witnessing some absurdities and then doing light research on the owners of this company.
TL;DR version:
Eh. Okay food. Redundant concept. Over-priced. Bad location. Much better options not far away and in much nicer neighborhoods. It is a sad joke which universally characterizes Dave Magrogan (Group) restaurants. If interested in trying it, I would recommend doing it soon because I doubt this place will last much longer.
Details
Food:
They promote their healthy, under-500 calorie menu. This is a joke and a marketing ploy to disguise small portions for high prices. How did I come to this conclusion? It is a Dave Magrogan Group restaurant which does anything but care about the health of their consumers. If they did, then they would not force their seemingly indentured servers to try to sell you multiple items from the menu and create a sub-par tasting, 2,000 calorie meal. They also would probably promote this concept at their other locations if they cared so much, but I do not think Kildaire's "loaded fries" are doctor recommended. But, who cares? It is a business, right?
Some things are actually flavorful, like the braised rib an salmon. However, I am a person who feels a certain way about paying high prices for mediocre food. 
Drinks:
Decent selection of wine and the servers and bartenders are generally helpful in allowing you to taste things. The cocktails (I only tried a few to be honest) are eh. Not good enough to bring me back solely for the booze.
Service:
I am an altruistic person and that may be the reason that I feel exceptionally bad for the servers here. Two of the three I had were genuinely nice and polite, the third was a bit...dense and rude. They seem to be forced to give a stupid explanation of the restaurant to everyone who sits down every time. Managers, understand this, I (and most of your customers who will pay $40+ for their meals) are not ignorant people. We can read the menus. If I do not know what one of your cleverly-named-but-actually-very-simple ingredients is, then I will use my phone to look it up or ask. Do not waste my time, the time of your staff and that of your other patrons by forcing us to listen to this. I paid particular attention to the expressions of other guests during my third time in the restaurant. The looks of genuine lethargy are almost universal. Drop the act and quit your needless self-promotion.
Location:
I could honestly see how this place is so popular in their other location (Glen Mills). It is suburbia there! 40th and Walnut is not suburbia. People have been shot and robbed there (Sorry if this sounds like fear-mongering). It does not fit there. Whatever business consultant advised that this would be a worthwhile investment should be sued. I do not enjoy leaving my $100+ meal with my wife and being concerned for our well-being as neighborhood crowds flush out of the theater and drunken college students almost get hit by cars. One time you offered me valet parking. Really? Really, Harvest? This is not Center City. Get over yourselves.
Other:
Now, this is a big reason why I felt so inclined to post a review. Two times I have witnessed a tool'ish manager and an obesely overweight chef reprimanding their staff in clear view of the guests in a very degrading fashion. Doing it in front of us is one thing, but doing it all in the manner which I saw is a whole other issue. What I saw physically disgusted me..or maybe it was the stale dessert. I saw one manager try to express his Napoleon complex by berating a busy server for not bringing me their tray of desserts even though I explicitly said I was not interested. I know I should not attack the chef for being so overweight, even though it is a bit ironic that he is part of a place which promotes healthy lifestyles and who I have seen once bring a bag of McDonald's inside the restaurant. However, when I saw him physically slap a staff member multiple times on the arm in a very not-joking way, then I decided that this walking pile of cholesterol deserved to be publicly called-out on both his lack of intelligence and professionalism. 
Patrons, if you have any reason to be in this neighborhood then it might be worth checking out, but approach it as you would a standard Hollywood movie. Far too familiar and only mildly satisfying.
Harvest, Dave Magrogan Group, you have been lucky with some of your locations, this one not so much.I came here for the awesome outdoor seating on a nice day. The calamari appetizer was crazy small and left me wanting more. The flatbread was not very impressive. It was pretty small and was almost like matzah with a little bit of sauce drizzle and chicken. If I ever come here again I definitely wouldn't order anything I ordered the first time.Absolutely loved it!! Loved the warm and rustic ambience and the aroma of roasted garlic wafting out from the open kitchen totally enhanced the mood which was set against a dark rainy evening. Loved the complimentary wine served ( it was our anniversary). Set the mood just right! We got the harvest flatbread which was full of flavor and a good portion for two as an appetizer. Went great with a Pinot Grigio. The husband ordered the blackberry duck and went ecstatic after each bite. Claims its the best duck he's had in a while. I got the Boursin ravioli which looks like a pretty small portion (5-6 pieces literally) but the flavor was amazing. Good things come in small packages!! Absolutely divine! The Boursin ravioli does feel filling and has enough punch in it to make up for the initial small serving you see. Loved our meal there. The deserts were interesting but the food was outstanding. A healthy and scrumptious meal. Will go back soon. 
PS- along the lines of seasons 52 for sure. But totally worth a visit.Came in from out of town and wanted somethong close to mom's house. We always thought about going in but thought it was a 'Student Sports Bar'.  Hugh mistake!!!# Ambiance was good, food was fresh...farm to table genre....really exceptional!! The menu was pretty extensive, something gor everyone. As a vegetarian I usually get stuck just ordering a salad. I got the tofu stir-fry...OMG!!!delish!!. This will definitely be our go-to place when in university city.I came here yesterday with a few of my friends for happy hour. When we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly hostess who promptly seated us. We came to Harvest after looking at the happy hour deals online and specifically for the 1/2 off Tacos and $4 seasonal drinks that were advertised. 
When we sat down, we got the regular menu and ordered off the happy hour deals listed on the menu. Everything came out fairly quickly. I ordered the fish tacos, which were a little bit salty but good and exchanged the salad for mac&cheese (which the waitress didn't mention was extra until we asked). Even though the tacos were supposed to come with guac and salsa, we had to ask for them. 
Right before happy hour ended, we tried to order another drink, at which point the waitress informed us that the seasonal drinks we all ordered was not on the happy hour menu, and would be charged at full price. 
We informed the waitress that we ordered according to the website and the menu. She called down her manager, who said that the "words are screwy"--as if we had misinterpreted the menu--and then told us she'd give us 1/2 off. When the waitress came back, she told us we had "gotten a steal," even though the check came back slightly higher than it would have been  under the menu prices. 
While I understand that menus change, it was rude to imply that the mistake was on our part. We did not receive the newly changed Happy Hour menu and followed the menu that was given to us and what was advertised online. The food was fine but the service was disappointing.Went to Harvest Grille after attending a movie to have a drink and a snack with my wife. We found out that we should've kept walking to our car like we usually do after attending a movie. There wasn't anyone at the hostess stand. So we decided to sit at the bar. A young lady told us that she would be with us in 30 seconds. While she was stocking the bar we ordered a Long Island Ice Tea and a Margarita which at the first sip were both HORRIBLE! She asked me if I wanted salt or sugar around my glass! So we had the drinks remade by the actual bartender. He at least put a garnish on our drinks but left the salt off the rim and for an added disappointment not a hint of lime but orange juice flavored margarita! 
The appetizers were just as disappointing. The crab cake was dry and the sautéed calamari was cold and placed in bowl carelessly. The manager came over and gave us great customer service recovery. We sent everything back, drinks included and ordered the spring salad with chicken and one coke. It tasted like grass. The chicken was old. We kinda gave up and left.This restaurant is convenient to the Rave Cinema and delivers good value. The wine list is quite good for a casual restaurant.  The food is consistently good and the service is very good.Not worth it.  
Food is mediocre and getting worse.
Drinks are short-pour on liquor, high on sugar ...
Service is utterly uncoordinated.  Stuff comes at the wrong time or not at all.
And then it is all wrapped-up in the robo-patter of "How are you enjoying your meal?" etc.
Three-star food, over-priced drinks, a backed-up bar, an occasional service glitch -- hey, it happens.  Put it all together with the treacly robo-service prompts and you've got a place well worth avoiding.I don't know how I haven't reviewed Harvest yet, I've been here a bunch of times. Harvest is one of those places that's consistent and inoffensive, it's a safe choice. Harvest probably deserves more of a 3.5 star rating, but I tipped it up to a 4. 
The food ranges from okay to pretty good. I had a great swordfish there once, and a couple of times I had a portobello cheesesteak that was delicious. I've had a few of their flatbreads, which aren't too different from any other flatbread you've probably had, but they consistently taste good. The St. Louis style wings are delicious and probably their best app. One day of the week they also have a cheap taco special, but I wouldn't recommend those, they were a little bland. Also, none of their desserts are actually slices of cake or whatever the menu lists them as, they come in mousse form and are served in a shot glass. I ordered one of the desserts once, not expecting a shot glass of mousse, that was bullshit. 
Happy hour here is pretty good, I don't remember exactly what it entails, but I'm pretty sure all drafts are $3, which is great because they usually have a few nice craft beers on tap. Cocktails are a little pricey, but I've tried a few of them and they're tasty.
Like I said, Harvest is a safe choice. Harvest won't amaze you, but the food will taste good and you'll have a decent night.So I just got back from harvest and I had to immediately sign up for yelp and write my thoughts on this place, and how disgusted I was with harvest.
My girlfriend and I decided to go there for a drink after going to the movies. We stepped into the bar and we were pleasantly surprised at how cool the layout of the restaurant was. Fireplaces everywhere exposed bricks and sports. Definitely a place I thought I was going to love. Sadly that quickly changed.
We decided to just stay at the bar and order a beer or two. The two bartenders looked at us about 5 times before introducing themselves or offering any kind of a menu. Semi decent craft beer selection. we also arrived during their Saturday night happy hour so the drinks were only 2 bucks. Finished round one and had two empty glasses for about 10 minutes before they asked if we wanted anything else. We got a second round and decided to see if any of the food options were good. We decided on the butternut squash soup and charcuterie board. 
Of course after another 20 minutes of waiting we finally got to place our order. I can understand waiting if it is busy and tons of customers but there were 4 other people at the bar and the restaurant is tiny. At this point I didn't want anything else to drink, really just wanted to leave. We received our food in reasonable time from a dumbfounded food runner who had no idea of what a seat number is and placed our food in front of us. Soup was bland and without flavor and the meat was very good but they never dropped off silverware or share plates so it was pretty bad there. 
It's really ashame this place could have potential except for the bartender that was too busy dancing instead of taking our order. Sure enough won't be wasting my money here again.I still remember Harvest when it used to be the uncool place to hang out on Penn's campus, but in recent years, it really transformed to be the hip, convenient spot to hang out for a drink, thanks to their ubiquitous happy hours (every day and late night), super cheap drinks, and their  new business strategy of promotions catering very specifically to the college crowd. 
Drinks - they have $3 Long Island Iced Tea specials on Thursdays, and other similar specials throughout the week, so drinks in general are super cheap and they put a generous amount of alcohol in the cocktails. During late nights, Harvest is slowly transformed into a more rowdy, college-type scene, with music blaring from the second floor and the glassware for cocktails switched for plastic cups. Very college-y, but hey - cheap drinks and good vibes in a good location. 
Food - I've had brunch here, as well as tried their pizza/flatbread and tacos. I really liked the tacos (half price on Thursday nights), pizza was alright (a little sparse for the toppings), but brunch was pretty disappointing. First off, it took forever for all the food to arrive for our table, and when it came, it was pretty mediocre. 
Atmosphere - I like that the second floor is generally the "rowdy" place at night, while they kept the first floor slightly more tame in case you wanted a different kind of atmosphere. The fire pits outside are also really nice places to sit at when it's slightly warmer outside. They also have Quizzo on Wednesdays, which is pretty fun.Awesome as a bar but I don't love the food. The DJ on Thursday nights really knows what he's doing. A great place to hang out with other Penn students.The food here is awful and overpriced. I understand the concept of healthy, fresh eating, but that doesn't have to mean that the food comes out bland, under-seasoned, and overpriced. 
I had the Salmon BLT w/ a side of garlic mashed potatoes and the BLT could not have been more bland (the salmon was not seasoned), and the mashed potatoes tasted like they had been made from the box, frozen, microwaved, and served. When I asked the server how the potatoes had been prepared, he stated that he had no idea. My ladyfriend was equally dissatisfied with her meal. 
We both promptly visited Capogiro afterwards and consumed roughly 1000 calories worth of gelato in order to satisfy our hearts and stomachs. Next time I'm in the mood for a healthy, no frills meal, I'll settle on a lean cuisine--it's cheaper and a whole lot tastier.We sat outside on the patio for a summer lunch date and a kind watiress brought over a bowl of water for our dog.  We appreciated this gesture, especially since we were afraid we weren't allowed to dine with a furry guest.  The lukewarm buffett table (unexciting offerings of baked salmon and tomato soup) motivated us to order from the menu, so we opted for seafood and vegetarian entrees.  The crab cake laid on top of a bed of ordinary greens, while the 3 pan-seared scallops were accompanied by a small helping of coconut jasmine rice and garnishes.  These dishes were certainly appetizing, but not filling entrees.  Granted, the menu boasts of healthy, organic entrees under 500 calories, but it's almost an obligation to order a minimum of 2 entrees if you're hungry.  For dessert, we enjoyed cold glass shooters of strawberry cheesecake (average), peanut butter cup (rich, satisfying taste), and chocolate and salted caramel mousse (the crowd favorite).  The staff were friendly and generous, and I imagine the restaurant is more alive during a busier hour, but ultimately we were a turned off by the high-priced menu.  $17 for a single crab cake and $24 for 3 scallops and some greens--you leave with a light stomach and an even lighter wallet.My party of 5 went on a Friday night to drink a couple drinks.
There was plenty of seating area including outdoors, and atmosphere was generally pleasant.
However, the restaurant fell short on its service. The server never came by to check up and was generally extremely unenthusiastic. Drinks tasted watered down.
I would not return.I'm really glad that harvest opened up in University City because it provides a great dining option that's on the healthier side. They change certain items on the menu between seasons, but I think that the food is pretty good in general (I love the Tuna Tartar--one of the best I've had, and the stuffed acorn squash&quinoa). However, the service isn't great, and there's just something about the atmosphere/vibe I get from the staff that doesn't let me give it a 4-star rating.I write few reviews but felt compelled to do so after this evening's experience. Granted it was happy hour so I get it. It's happy hour. 
The harvest salad (FTR: not a happy hour deal) was a mess; a handful of greens thrown on a plate for $8. The two HH pizzas were the equivalent of eating salt on top of bread. To add insult to injury, they delivered a full price bill and raised an eyebrow when we brought it to their attention. 
I'll give it to them; a beautiful setting in a great people watching location. If only the food could rise to a similar level.Overall, the food was quite good.   I ordered the Salmon Nicoise Salad, which was huge, basically an entree-sized portion of grilled salmon on a large bed of greens, boiled egg, haricots, and tomato.   My wife ordered the burger, which she said had a nice woodsmoke flavor.   We skipped apps and dessert this time, but there were several options that look tempting.   My only complaint was the waitress who was attentive enough, but quite a bit over the top.  Honestly, we wondered if she was coked out if if that's her natural state.  It was a bit off-putting, but won't keep me from going back, especially since we live in the area.Delicious! Great atmosphere and prices aren't too bad! If you are looking for a fresh, healthy dinner this is the place!The chefs do an amazing job here. The food is excellent and the prices are reasonable. The flatbreads are delicious! They have seating outside which I think is nice in the spring/fall, and the indoor decor is beautiful also. The waitstaff was very accommodating and I left full and happy!Food: I've only been here twice, but each time I have enjoyed my meal. The first time I ordered the steak & kennett square mushroom flatbread which was very good although not very filling for the price. I've also had the grass-fed beef burger which I must admit featured a very juicy and flavorful beef patty perfectly sandwiched between a layer of caramelized onions and a delicious onion roll. Although both experiences were satisfying in terms of flavor, I think the prices were a little steep. This is particularly true for the carnivorous guest, unless you are willing to eat a flatbread or a burger alone as dinner, a meal here is sure to burn a hole in your pocket with entrees costing about ~$20. Personally, I am not a person who pays very close attention nor cares that much about my food being organic. I don't necessarily care what you feed my cow as long as it feeds me. This being said, unless this is an important factor in your dining decision process, then you might want to consider going to another restaurant...for your wallet's sake. 
Ambiance: The ambiance is one of my favorite things about this restaurant. Between the exposed rock walls and the numerous fireplaces, the restaurant gives off a 
home-y feel. The natural woods displayed throughout the restaurants furnishing does a nice job tying in with the natural theme of the food offerings. 
Service: Waiters both times have been prompt, friendly, and very attentive.
Overall: good food, but slightly overpriced for the amount you're getting.Great place, great food, friendly staff. Great ambiance as well. 
I was visiting philly and looking for a good vegetarian meal. This place hit the spot. I had the butternut squash soup and the vegetarian cheese steak. Both were pretty incredible. I'd definitely dine here again.Okay, so, the reason you should go to Harvest is for their happy hour specials. They are SUCH a great deal, and honestly the only reason to go here. 
Their happy hour on Monday - Wednesday is 7-9 I believe, and they have $3 beer, $4 wine, and $5 seasonal cocktails. They also have really cheap appetizers, and they're all decently good - flatbreads, edamame, etc. Not amazing, but they get the job done - you can even make it a cheap dinner. On Fridays and Saturdays, the happy hour is at 9-11, so you can use it as a pregame. 
They just started an AMAZING Thursday night happy hour where they have $3 Long Island Iced Teas and half-priced tacos. And the Long Islands are actually strong, so it's actually a great value. Definitely recommend it, especially since this place never gets too crowded so you always have somewhere to sit.
I've had their regular entrees as well, and they're really average. The food is very bland, and there's no reason I would come here for a meal. Ambiance-wise, it's a nice place, but the music choice is so outdated and weird. 
COME HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR!Didn't eat...just sat at the bar for a drink.
This is a generically upscale (corporate cynicism...strategic use of gas fireplaces for stone hearth ambiance) restaurant next to the Rave movie theater.
It's a weird part of West Philly, and I guess Harvest is a good alternative to the mom and pop ethnic restaurants or Distrito...
They water down the booze...pretty heavily. 
That's it...otherwise fine, generic experience.
We wanted a Scotch on the first cool evening of fall and the bottle was comically transparent, my partner's neat pour watery...
So why would you trust anything else they do?Although I never got an email back from the manager since my last Yelp review I decided to come back. I came for Happy Hour with 2 friends. I came in at 5pm and decided to wait for my friends at the upstairs bar.
 I was delighted to see Hop Fish on draft and when I ordered it and Tim C (who I am 80% sure is the same guy who waited on me in my previous review) said, "Oh. That's an old list. Sorry." and brought me a new list. I saw Summer Love and was happy enough.
My friends arrived, ordered their drinks, and we started looking at the food menu. One of my friends ordered some sausage flat bread and the bartender said, "Oh. Sorry I gave you the old menu. We don't have that anymore." We settled on tacos. 
I ordered the organic chicken tacos and my friend ordered vietnamese chicken tacos. We were very disappointed to get unseasoned chicken with toppings on it. Our tacos also looked exactly the same. Her vietnamese tacos didn't have the soy glaze, jalapenos, cucumbers, or cabbage like the menu said. Her tacos looked just like mine except she had carrots. I could have made something better at home.
We decided to leave after our meal. We asked for our check and I was surprised by the total. The bartender charged me full price ($6) for my first drink. I waited for my friends outside until 5pm until they called and said they would be late. Then I noticed the time on the check was 5:36pm. There's no way we were only there for 36 minutes. Then I looked at phone and it was 5:51pm. I have worked at many bars and restaurants and NEVER has a POS 15 minutes BEHIND. If anything it's ahead a few minutes. I watched him print the check and hand it right to me so it's not like the check had been printed for a long time.
I am not enough of jerk to argue over $4 on a busy Friday night happy hour so I paid, tipped, and left. The only reason I even gave this place 2 stars is because $2 craft draft is amazing and the guy playing guitar was really entertaining.Came to Harvest for dinner after seeing a movie at the University City movie theater. The ambiance is very smart and kind if swanky. A seat near the floor to ceiling windows upstairs provides a great view for an evening meal.
I like the idea of their seasonal menu - keeps it interesting. I'm always a fan of the whole tapas feel and there are lots of small plates you can share with a table. We ordered the pear and arugula flatbread. It was flavorful, but the bread itself was more like matzoh and a little dry.
The tuna tartar was fantastic and very fresh. Definitely the best dish we ordered. Then again, I'm partial to anything served in a Sriracha sauce. Nom.
Only turn off was the dessert situation. They brought over a tray of selections that looked delicious..and once we chose, they just took the dish we liked off the tray and gave it to us. What? That needs to be reevaluated. Serve it fresh!1. Decent buffet
2. Classy ambience
3. Check from running bugs
I never knew that there's a buffet option at Harvest! It's decent. Only $10 for their 11-1pm lunch. There's quite a bit of variety. I like their salmon and cheesy flatbread. Though the salmon was a bit on the drier side. I also really like their tomato soup-deliciously creamy. 
Service was great. 
Mm, so why a 2 star? Well, as I sat down ready to pray my pre-meal prayer, I spotted a plump black bug scuttle across my plate out of the salad...
... 
...
...
At least I was very calm and nice about it. I promptly got rid of it and notified my waiter. He apologized. Then later came back and reported that they switched out the salad to a different farm... that's all. 
That's all. (Because other farms don't have bugs.) 
That's all.Note: This is only a review of Harvest's Happy Hour.
Came here at 6 pm on a Thursday and the bar was pretty empty.  During happy hour, cocktails are $4 so I ordered the seaonal one which I believe was the Cranberry Margarita.  The drink tasted like a popiscle but wasn't that strong, so I may try one of their house wines next time.  The $5 flatbread deal is great because you actually get a lot of food; it could even serve as a dinner.  I split the Vegetarian one and the Pear & Bleu.  Both were delicious, but I think the vegetarian flatbread had more ingredients that I liked, so I enjoyed that one more.
I liked the vibe at Harvest.  They had a nice collection of alternative musc with a classy decor and it seemed like the type of place I wouldn't mind going alone to (I don't do that very often).  The waiters were trendy and nice and overall the place had a cool atmosphere.
I've heard pretty bad things about this place when you come for dinner (meal wasn't good, servings were too small, expensive, etc.), but for happy hour, I think it has a great deal.  I'll definitely be back for some more.I appreciate the menu at Harvest and while some complain about portions, I find them to be quite fitting.  The perfect time to go is during the week so you miss the college party crowd.  My favorite part are the desserts the come at the end perfect little concoctions of sweetness in double shot glasses! 
Ask to be seated upstairs for a view of Walnut Street hustle and bustle. Perfect for sunsets with a touch of romance.Located on the edge of the UPenn campus this place has a nice atmosphere. Came here for dinner on a weekday and it was mostly empty which was great. There are booths along the walls and windows on the first floor with tables in the center. The dim lighting and layout creates a calm and cool vibe throughout the place.
Tuna tartare (14) - wow, excellent appetizer. The crunchy freshness of cucumber with the soft smoothness of the tuna was great
Short ribs (19) - a small dish with a couple slices of short rib so I was expecting robust flavors like the tuna tartare but that didn't happen.
Sauteed Shrimp (23) - the shrimp was sauteed perfectly but the pasta underneath needed more sauce or something to add more taste.
Overall, I'd say it's a solid restaurant. Nothing about it is spectacular but nothing about is horrible either.The food & service was really good & because we checked in on Yelp we got a free flat bread, that was delicious!Average food & on the pricy side for what you get. Started with a flatbread which was overly salted, then a bland bison burger. Menu is limited, wouldn't recommend.I've been coming here since my first day in the city last July, the happy hour is unbeatable and the staff are amazing. Expect Penn and Drexel crowds but attentive staff.I had a celebratory brunch here Sunday with my best friend and I was disappointed. Eggs Benedict is usually my brunch go to and I like to think of myself as a hollandaise connoisseur, but Harvest has ruined what I previously thought unruinable.   Their take on Eggs Benedict is short ribs topped with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce.  That is not Eggs Benedict.  Disappointed, I ordered the bacon egg and cheese sandwich which was very good.  But it was $12 which is a little ridiculous since I could have made myself the same thing at home for like 30 cents.  And the "side of fruit" it comes with is like three slivers of pear.  I'm glad we had ordered a side of the potatoes, though they were a little bland and lacking salt.  Grapefruit and pomegranate mimosa was decent, nothing special.  Service was subpar.  We had to flag down our waiter to ask him for water, to take our order, and to bring us the check.  Quite frankly, if you're looking for a brunch place in University City, Tap House is only a few doors down and a much better option.Jaclyn the service manager was very accomadating to our needs. She recommended several dishes that my girlfriend and i were more than pleased with. Very friendly staff. Nice decor and suttle music.  Overall this a great place to visit. You will not be disappointed!As someone who has worked in the industry for years I am usually understanding and forgiving about some shortcomings, however this was truly the worst dining experience I have ever had. 
Upon first entering Harvest I was struck by the beauty of the decor. Perhaps the only saving grace of this place, it is beautifully decorated while remaining comfortable. 
Upon sitting down we were approached by our server who immediately began the LONGEST spiel I've ever heard. After about 5 minutes of her rambling about every single dish on the menu telling us that "this one is pretty good" and "I just tried this one, it's actually pretty good too" we were finally left to look at the huge, sprawling menu.
After deciding on a bottle of Sierra Nevada from their VERY LIMITED beer selection, our server brought out the bottle and a glass. After opening the bottle, she proceeded to tip it completely upside down, dumping my beer into the glass, leaving me with approximately 6 inches of head and a completely wasted $7 beer. All I could do was shake my head and laugh at this point.
After ordering our food we waited just over 40 minutes for our dishes to arrive, and when they did we almost fell out of our chairs laughing. My steak came with about 3 oz of meat, 3 small potatoes halved, and 4 brussel sprouts. My partners fish dish came with about 3 oz of fish, 3 asparagus spears, and 4 slices of potato. At over $20 each for these entrees, we were just so blown away that, compounded with everything else that night, we could do nothing but laugh.
Mind you the food was fine. Taste-wise it was actually quite good.
So if you are looking for a memorable, enjoyable evening, I might actually recommend this place. You will find yourself laughing hysterically at every turn, and you will absolutely never forget your evening. But in all seriousness, this was the worst dining experience of my life. Unfortunate as we were quite excited at the prospect of a new, nice restaurant in West Philly.Harvest is one of my favorite restaurants in University City! The ambiance is very intimate and sophisticated, which is one of the main reasons I love this place for a good date night. The food is extremely fresh and delicious, you seriously can't go wrong with anything on the menu!The food is so bad here. I went here 4 times twice to eat and it did not get any better. I had the braised short rib with veggies the first time. The plate presentation was weird and it just didnt taste good. The second time my friend and I went to try out their happy hour. I had their Vietnamese tacos with a side salad and long island ice tea. There was nothing special. Also, the waitstaff definitely had us waiting for 10-15 minutes before even coming to our table. But those long island ice teas were good! I went again for drinks and then a meetup event. I will only go here for drinks. It's a pretty venue but no to the food. Philly has too many amazing options to waste your time here.The food is average, but the drinks are good and the happy hour prices are amazing. That said, I will never return to this grill. On our first visit we requested to be seated on the patio and said we would only be ordering from the happy hour menu. This wasn't a problem and everything was fine; I should also say it looked as if everyone else was only ordering from the happy hour menu as well. When we went back the following week we again said we were going to do the happy hour menu. As the hostess sat us she decided to lecture us on how they encouraged guests to order food as well, but she said she would seat us there anyway. When we looked around at the other tables everyone was again ordering from the happy hour menu. I have no clue what the hostess' problem was with us, but her rudeness has convinced us to never return.Not a good place for large groups.. amazing ambience in the corner but the people are a little pretentious. And very Prejudice on the back end, next time you're there look at the servers and see how much diversity is thereMy boyfriend and I decided to stop in a couple of nights ago to grab dinner and drinks before we saw a movie downstairs. We went up to the upstairs bar where it looked they were having a party for a group of student doctors. We sat down at the bar and waited five minutes before we were acknowledged. The bar was not super crowed at the moment so I would have liked at least a hello. A bartender finally talked to us and said she would be right with us. During the next 10 minutes, she served people who sat down after us. This included getting them drinks and food orders. We felt as if we were being ignored because we weren't in the scrubs like many of the people there. Even offering us some water would have made this situation better... 
Since we were being ignored, we decided to leave. As we were walking out, my boyfriend told the hostess what happened. She was very nice and professional and apologized. The manager (I'm pretty sure) happened to hear what occurred and offered us both 2 free rounds of drinks if we wanted to sit downstairs. We agreed and sat at the bar and ordered drinks and food. 
 Thanks to this manager, who did guest recovery very well, we will be coming back.  As somebody, like myself, who has a degree in Hospitality, this manager did exactly what she thought was right at the time.The food was very healthy and good. My waitress was very attentive. The only thing I did not like is after a 9pm the college kids come in and the can be very irresponsible, loud, drunk and disorderly. I will be coming back during earlier times.Great food esspecially if you want something health conscious. Went for University City dining days and got the 3 course prefix. Everything food wise was great, definitely try the bison burger. Only thing which could improve was the service from our server. Took 10-15 minutes to be addressed and get water and about the same time to get our check.This place is on the low end of three stars for me. The concept is great, and the one positive thing I would note from my visit was that they have great wine flights - very fun and reasonable and a great way to try some new vinos. 
But honestly that was the only plus. The food wasn't bad, by any means, but it was mediocre, and the portions were small. The ambiance was also lacking - as other reviewers mentioned they are trying hard to be formal, but it just feels stuffy and off, especially for this area. The price points are quite high given what you get and the tone of the experience. Also, my waitress went on and on and on about the food, even after I interrupted and told her I just wanted to order! Really, *lengthy* memorized speeches about the menu and about items I wouldn't even consider ordering aren't helpful.   
This place could be great, the idea is good, but I wish they would tone it down, cut prices, do more of a casual-chic, and come up with a good lunch menu. And cut the speeches!I admire the focus on local, fresh, seasonal ingredients and healthy dining options, but I didn't really enjoy the food. The ratatouille grinder was underseasoned and the ingredients were not highlighted well. The eggplant, zucchini and squash were indistinguishable and smothered in a bland tomato sauce. I didn't taste any asiago cheese and the bread did not seem toasted. The side potatoes on the brunch menu were dry.
On the plus side, the hostesses were very accommodating for a large party without reservations on Sunday for brunch.I don't know why more people don't go to Harvest! I guess the only time I have been here not during happy hour was not the greatest food for the expensive price. However, Harvest Happy Hour is the biggest hidden gem in University City! They have it on Thursday-Saturday late nights which is almost unheard of and also weeknights 5-7, which is later than most happy hours around here. The drink prices are also a little cheaper than most. The flatbreads and bar food are also great. They are only $5 during happy hour and you can get a whole personal pizza which is delicious. Definitely go here for happy hour!I want to give them a better review, but to be honest this is a 3.5 star kind of place for me. Service was very friendly and attentive, but it feels like they are trying just a tiny bit too hard to be fancy. I feel like it would benefit them to go a bit more low-key. However, the interior is very nice and the outdoor patio is cute. You know, aside from the whole being located at 40th and Walnut thing. 
I appreciate their seasonal/farm-to-table/local/sustainable deal. I also like that they are trying to serve healthy food (most plates under 500 calories). However, the prices are generally just a tad too high and the portions a bit too small. This would be fine if the food were exceptional, but while nothing we tried was bad, nothing we had was outstanding either.
The flatbread is more like melted cheese and toppings on a large cracker, but is quite generous and amazing that the whole thing could be under 500 calories. The sesame tuna salad was all right, though the 5 thin slices of tuna were a bit paltry and the salad was way too oniony (it was more of a slaw with a lot of red onion and a little cabbage, edamame, and red and yellow peppers). The salmon BLT was undoubtedly the best thing we tried. The salmon was juicy and tender and paired with a few slivers of crunchy bacon on a nutty pumpernickel bread. This dish may be worth going back for.
This is probably a nice place to bring your parents or a health-conscious date or friend. Preferably with an expense account.I love Harvest. There, I said it, even amidst the mixed reviews that are inevitable for any restaurant in the city. 
Let me give you some background. I originally became acquainted with Harvest in my hometown, Glen Mills, where the restaurant was a welcome addition to our admittedly sparce suburban dining scene. In comparison, the Philadelphia location caters to a much different population. In the heart of University City, Harvest offers student-friendly happy hour prices (yay) while serving the same dishes/drinks which I became acquainted with at home.
The good: one word - Sangria. It may not be an authentic Spanish recipe, but Harvest offers an original take on the drink which is DELICIOUS. Be careful, though, as they do not skimp on alcohol. They also have great flatbreads, edamame, and other low-cal options. Also, the outdoor patio is great, especially in the summer.
The bad: the quality of service really depends on the time of day and who is working on any given day. I have had a few lousy experiences, where servers were rude or service was extremely slow. Thankfully, as time has gone on, I have noticed marked improvement in service. I hope it stays that way :)
All-in-all, if you're looking for a solid joint with healthy options, Harvest is a good bet.We had a party of 40. They were ill prepared. Confused. Chicken had no "grill marks" and the " hot" chicken was cold dry and looked terrible. Had almost no dressing on it. No salt no pepper on table. 
Greens were fresh. Plating nice. Great atmosphere. Kitchen and waitstaff need to step up.
Great hot coffee. But grinds. And they forgot to offer me desert. But asked everyone else. Didn't make enough and waitstaff confused.Food was below average.  I love the outside seating and the focus on low calorie dishes, but the flavor and preparation of each dish was poor.   The Lamb sliders were dry and the mushroom pasta was bland and sat under a heat lamp for a while.  The salted chocolate dessert mousse was very good.  I might go again for a small dessert but would never order food from there again.Drink specials are nice but the options aren't the best. Long Island ice teas for $3 on Thursday, Fireball shots for $3 on Friday, and Skyy "You Call Its" (I have yet to figure out exactly what this means) for $3 on Saturday. Food is pricey, but I haven't been necessarily dissatisfied. 1/2 price tacos on Thursdays are next on my list to try if I should return. I do appreciate the free flatbread one gets when they check-in here for the first time. 
There night scene consists of a DJ who is hit or miss depending on when you go. This place is often crowded by many local college students and honestly there isn't much room to breathe. I get the drinks are cheap, but I'm not interested in squeezing past large gaggles of people every time I need to do anything. It feels like I'm stuck and there is no real flow to the bar.The place is simply OK...nothing absolutely spectacular. I came with a friend on a Tuesday night and we were seated upstairs. She thought that his place was so pretentious but the people were very friendly anyway. We got a cheese plate as the appetizer with tomato jam and local honey. The local honey had a florally aftertaste which was not too aversive for me but not so much my friend. When I first saw the menu, I was very satisftied by the pricing of the food. However, when I ordered a short rib entree, I expected the short rib to be super tender and fall of by pricking the meat with the fork but this clearly was not the case...I was utterly disappointed. And the portion size was quite small which was also disappointing. I'm not too sure if I would come back again if I had to pay on my own or if I do come back, I would just come back for the wine and flatbreads/burgers which seems much more affordable.The only redeeming quality about Harvest is its atmosphere and distance from my house.....the establishment is classy for a dinner or happy hour or late night, which nice fires and occasional live music. However, I'm not a picky eater at all and I've never enjoyed anything I've gotten here-- and I've been more than a few times! The flatbreads I've tried are just unappetizing (with a weird pear/bleu cheese combination??) with hard bread. Half off tacos are a decent deal, but the fish tacos I ordered simply tasted like something I could throw together by myself. Finally, I really dislike the drinks I've ordered - mediocre bear, weak sangria, and bitter wine. I hear the long island iced teas are decent, so I'll come by to try those sometimes.
Generally only a good place to come for a late night special if you're feeling more fancy than usual; for good food and drinks, go somewhere else. To be fair, all my bartenders and waiters have been extremely attentive and polite, but that doesn't balance out the extremely mediocre food.Came here for lunch. Good food. Friendly attentive staff. Wasn't crowded, so can't say how it would be with a dinner crowd, but we (a group of 3) had a nice quiet meal.I ordered the chicken tacos and they gave me fish tacos. The chicken tacos I was served were unappetizing and "chips" on their menu should not be plural. After we finished our meal it was 30 minutes until we saw our waitress, and that was only after flagging her down. My party of 3 asked for a split check at the beginning of our experience but we're given a single check. They were hosting a party on the second floor so that may be an explanation for the this poor experience.Lackadaisical service. Way too expensive of a price ticket for the quality.  $30 + tip for 1 app & 1 drink. Why go back for such sub par everything?Wanted to like this place - interesting menu, nice interior, good selection of wines by the glass, friendly enough service. A couple of our items were good - tuna tartare - but I had one of the worst dishes ever here. Fish tacos - pretty simple, right? Wrong. Supposed to be blackened fish...not blackened and meager specks of fish looked like they were scraps from another fish dish. 
Maybe the place should get 3 stars otherwise, but hard to get past a worst-ever.A generous 3 stars at that.
Came mostly for the drinks and something light to eat after having a hearty cheese-steak for lunch.  The flat-bread was nice, and they had a wide selection of wine and beer.  Probably would have enjoyed it more if i came during happy hour.
The main problem i have is the service.  Being seated outside, i know can be a bit more problematic, but our waitress scoffed on our drink order on more than one occasion as we had to sit more than 15 minutes - it felt as if of our dinner came out faster.  The food and atmosphere were great, but it's a shame the service was so poor.I came into Harvest on a slow Saturday night and had a wonderful experience. I sat at the beautiful downstairs bar where John took excellent care of me. The manager working that night was Jaclyn (I think?) and after I told her about my love of burgers she recommended the bison burger, which I absolutely LOVED. I sipped on Flying Fish all night while I read my book and chatted with the bartender and was a very happy camper. Beautiful job, Harvest. Bravo.My wife and I chose Harvest for our tenth anniversary dinner and we were not disappointed. She had the Harvest Fig Bourbon for her drink and instantly declared it "da bomb". I had a nice glass of Pino Grigio and enjoyed it as well as we devoured the Baked Dragonfly Cheese Plate. My wife ordered short ribs and she was really impressed with them. I had the vegetarian burrito - a solid choice that really showed off the quality ingredients this restaurant uses. We had mini dessert shooters - a really nice way to complete the meal without going overboard.
Service was excellent, prices were appropriate for the quality of the food (maybe even a little low), and the decor and vibe of the place was just what we wanted for our celebration - not too formal, but not the standard chain places we eat at as a family (not that there's anything wrong with it). Kids were present at other tables, and they were well behaved (overall Harvest has a bustling feel so a little noise from any one table would barely be noticed) but it's not the kind of place we'd chose to bring our son - I don't think he'd like it much either. Maybe that'll change when he's a teenager.
We were really happy with our choice - we joined the Harvest VIP club so we'll definitely make a return visit soon.A co-worker and I came here after work, and wanting to enjoy the last bit of the sunny day, Tap House and Mad Mex were out of the options as their outdoor seating were already in the shade. We thought to give Harvest Grill a try. The idea is original - the menu changes seasonally. Aside from that, everything else was disappointing. 
SERVICE: 1/5
Outside seating wasn't hard to come by at least when we were there. But when we told the waiter we just wanted to start with a couple drinks, she told us flat out that they generally only allow people who go with the full menu to be seated outside. Worse, she said it with such a rude and condescending attitude, especially as we looked around and saw that most people were just drinking casually. Throughout the time there, the waiter was rude, left us waiting for napkins, and seemed to have just tossed my food onto the table when it arrived. 
FOOD: 3/5
I only tried one thing - Asian skewers - as the waiter seemed to wanted to kick us out of the outdoors seating if we didn't order something to chew on. It was good, but did I seriously pay $10 for a couple chunks of meat? The sauce was also mediocre. The beers were served cold, so at least that wasn't too disappointing. 
AMBIANCE: 2/5
We came only for the outdoors seating since it's on the south side of Walnut and constantly shined upon. The outdoor section is a bit loud, and being on the corner of 40th and Walnut, it's frequented by loud truck noise and sirens. Indoors looked too much like a traditional American diner, and seemed empty when we went. 
RECOMMENDATION:
As the description for the 2-star rating suggests, "Meh, I've experienced better." If you're not desperate for the sun like I was, stick with Tap House or give Distrito a shot. Harvest Grill is mediocre, seemingly overpriced (I spent almost $30 on an appetizer and two drinks), and at least for me, was an unwelcoming experience!I give 3 stars only because the flatbread was like a giant cracker with stuff on top. The lettuce wraps were like an assembly line you had put to put together yourself and everything could not fit. Even putting just the shrimp and peanuts in the lettuce left me struggling to dip it in the sauce without the whole thing falling apart.
That being said, the bartender was awesome and the $3 beers and $4 sangrias were great!This place stinks. The food sucks, the service is slow. Grossest and poorest greek salad I've ever had. Tomatoes on my salad were rotten, 2 olives (I counted them) and not even feta cheese.  Plus they added tip after I signed the bill. If you go, pay with cash to avoid dealing with your credit card issues after that.My 5 star review is because of one fact and one fact only - in the recent past this is one of the few places that has consistently gotten my order for Eggs Benedict absolutely spot on.  
The eggs were poached perfectly - didn't disassemble but were beautifully runny on the inside,  and the hollandaise sauce tastes exactly right. They also portion it very precisely so that you have enough to coat each bite but it doesn't make the whole plate soggy.  
Every other restaurant I've been to for the past 3 months has either messed up the eggs or the sauce or the entire dish was cold.Three stars because it is a decent place and I happen to like to the design and fireplaces/stone and I think ambiance counts, but that's where the good part ends.... 
Our waitress must have bugged us no less than 10 times during the meal and every time she did someone at our table was mid-sentence. She would just show up and start talking very loudly and quickly AT us instead of acknowledging the intrusion, maybe saying 'excuse me', or something...it was so obnoxious, people really have no tact anymore. 
Two of us had a Greek salad (made vegan) and the spicy tofu veggie dish (also made vegan which is a plus but way over cooked!) and both were extremely sweet! I asked the waitress if they intentionally added sugar and she said it was from the pineapple, which was part of the stir fry. I let that slide but why on earth was a Greek salad so sickeningly sweet!? No answer.
This was actually my second time here, the first time I had ordered the acorn squash dish but without any honey. Apparently they put brown sugar in it (you know, to make it less healthy) which I had not noted from the menu (and unfortunately didn't tell them not to include it) so I recall that dish also being extremely sweet. It's a shame because I genuinely like the taste of veggies/spices (which is good because I'm vegan :)) and don't think I need a pound of sugar on my dinner to be able to eat it. I sure do not like walking away feeling like I ate my desert within my dinner either....of course we skipped desert because of this. 
Also, we were seated next to the open kitchen area where someone kept burning things and it was sort of getting to be annoying.
I was initially attracted to this place as it looked promising as a healthy, 'whole' food oriented place with an emphasis on locally grown foods which I am a big supporter of. I may go there again, I am not against it...I just know it's not as great as I thought it was and I'm definitely telling them I don't want any added sugar!Having just moved to the city this past year for graduate school, I'm glad to have a place like Harvest to frequent. It's a very comfortable 2-level space that caters to a bar crowd upstairs with more traditional dining downstairs. The menu is extremely diverse, and I've only had a small portion of it in the few times that I've visited (it's also a seasonal menu with local ingredients, so it's constantly changing and offering new flavors and combinations):
Asian Tuna Tartare* 14
Avocado, Wasabi Crème Fraîche, Sesame Seed Wonton, Blackberry Ponzu
- One of their best. True to the Asian flavors, and the Tuna was quite fresh. The blackberry ponzu was the unexpected twist. 
Harvest Flatbread 4
Harvest Spice & Asiago Gratin
-Remarkably simple: melted cheese on spiced flatbread. Cheap and pretty sizeable for sharing. Can't really go wrong. 
Almond-crusted goat cheese
-Love the wooden board presentation with apples, jam and crostini. The crust really stays on the cheese, and it's a wonderful item to share. Very light and delicious as a starter.
Tomato bisque
-I tend to be harsh about tomato soups for their sourness, but it's really well done here. The submerged crostini with cheese and finishing oil is a bit much, I'd say, but it's a balanced soup. 
Peanut butter cup
- Loved the fact that dessert came in these single portion shot glasses. Really loved the Reese's inspired peanut butter cup. The nutty crumble works great with the peanut butter and cake.
Filet mignon
-Wonderful sauce and prepared well. Solid dish.
Spring Scallops* 23
Fennel, Purple Peruvian Potatoes, Chipotle Orange Sauce
-Chipotle Orange sauce. Enough said.
The wine list is phenomenal. Certainly matches the varieties of their food menu. Really worth coming back to, and I think the service is quite decent in the way each server has explained the menu and the restaurant's approach to the dining experience.I was expecting another restaurant and was pleased to find Harvest. I had the ginger pork chop dish and it was one of the best meals I ever had. My daughter had the Bison burger and said it was the best burger she ever ate. LOL Now to be honest, the fish tacos were good, but way over priced compared to our meals. And my son's salmon BLT was good too. I have made this at home, so I was not 'amazed'. Nothing bad, but it paled to my meal. I will definitely be going again. :) Great outdoor seating too.I had gone here for dinner while on a date on Super Bowl Sunday, not being interested in football.
I'm not much of a drinker so I had no alcoholic beverages, but I'd heard good things about the food from my girlfriend, so we tried it out.
We got the hummus trio as an appetizer.  I was sorely disappointed by this dish.  Out of the three, only the black bean hummus was decent.  The garlic hummus was bland, and there was another one with carrot shavings, also bland.  I've had outstanding hummus from the chain restaurant Zoe's Kitchen, so I was expecting to be floored by the hummus here.  Didn't happen.
My meal was the pumpkin ravioli which I did enjoy to an extent.  I felt it could've used something to spice it up.  My girlfriend got the portobello mushroom sandwich, which was very good.
For dessert, we had the PB and cookie dough options of their dessert cups.  They were OK, but not very satisfying.
Our waiter was very attentive to our table.  No complaints there.
All in all, I left feeling dissatisfied, eyeing the McDonald's across the street as a possible supplement to the experience.Happy Hour review only:
It's been about 8 months since I've last been here, and I'm glad to say they've updated their $2 draft list!
Beer selection: 5 STAR
Great. I'm really happy because the last time I was here they had 1 beer on draft for happy hour, which I deemed unacceptable. Yesterday they had Neshaminy Neshaminator, Hop Fish, Victory's Winter Ale and also an IPA (cannot remember which) and Mad Elf (but not for happy hour). Beers during happy hour are still $2 which is great. Those are GREAT selections of beers for $2 and they get a 5 star for that
Food selection: 4 star
At first I was looking at the tacos on regular menu.. they're around $13 to $15 for two tacos per serving, and I'm thinking that is crazy. But it's not just two tacos. It's two tacos, plus a side salad and guacamole, honestly a pretty decent serving size. During HH your value/money spent increases since it's 50% off tacos! I'd say that the taste is just okay, nothing spectacular but a solid deal. 
Service: 2.5 to 3 stars.. I'll round to 3 
Our bartender / server was not the friendliest. She gave that vibe of not wanting to be at her job, forcing a smile if she smiled, and wasn't the most pleasant to be around. Pretty hard to get her attention, she walked around.. kinda cold.  She did come over 1 time to ask if we wanted another beer -- but outside of that we had to wing her down for our orders. I will say that she was polite, but not very personable. 
Overall -- solid happy hour. $2 craft drafts + half off tacosBeen here a few times. 
Location cannot be beat. Near the vibrant Penn campus. Next to the RAVE movie theater. Nice views of the city upstairs although be warned there is no waitstaff at any of the tables near the bar. You must order at the bar but in my visits thats never a problem. You just tell them where you are seated, pay for it and its delivered.
Meal: Beet salad with tricolored beats and walnuts.  It was fresh and delightful. 
The bartender made my MM cocktail the way i wanted it with no looks. In the city, thats a plus. I left happy
. 
Last evening 12 of us came in prearranged and our meals and cocktails were very good and enjoyable.  The manager came over to ensure we were having a good time. 
This will bring all of us back.We received a gift certificate for Harvest, but had planned on coming here anyway based on recommendations. The ambiance was modern yet cozy, with wall fireplaces and an open two story floor plan. There were many things to choose from on the menu, a nice beer and wine list, and the service was excellent. The food was moderately priced for smaller-than-normal portions, but the flavors were fairly complex and delicious. The scallops were over seasoned and a bit overdone, but the Asian BBQ chicken skewers were delicious. The cashew pork entree was also disappointing because the pork chops were so thin. I do recommend the winter salad. The desserts are just the right size to satisfy one's post dinner sweet tooth. I would visit again, but it would not be my first choice.I think the best part of this place is the a ambience. Came here on a Friday night, didn't have to wait too long, service made its rounds well, no boisterous groups. The food was pretty good, although the vegetarian flat bread was a bit too salty for me.
The grilled salmon salad was delicious though! I'd ask for less salad dressing - while the pomegranate vinaigrette was nicely sweet and thick, it seemed to have been poured with a heavy hand. The orange slices were juicy and complemented the mix well!
Tofu Stir Fry - spicy kick. The portion is a bit on the smaller side!You know what? I'm going to round up. This is a 3.5, but I'm going to go up -- because there's obviously a few things I like about this place for me to have gone back the amount of times I do
This review is for happy hour/ late night happy hour only.
They have great specials day to day. Monday through Friday they have half off tacos for happy hour, $2 drafts, $3 you call its, $4 whines and $ select appetiziers, pretty good steal
Thursdays they have $3 LITs, $2 drafts and 1/2 taco -- but fair warning this is a popular college night.. I don't recommend going here if you're not into the college scene. It gets ridiculously crowded and really young.. and ratchet. 
Here's the thing about their $5 flatbreads -- think of them as really really really ultra thin cracker like bread -- with toppings on top. It's not truly a flatbread -- but for $5 it's not half bad. For full price, I would definitely question their quality and price. Their pizzas are pretty good as well. Nothing mind blowing, but a decent pizza dough with all the pizza fixin's on top. But to their defense, it's good cheap bar food. Who doesn't want to munch on some pizza, tacos or flatbreads while pounding a beer or two? It's nice, and you don't have to break your wallet.
I got something off the happy hour menu last night -- the side of mac n cheese and also their jalapeno cornbread. Their mac n cheese was pretty good -- I would get it again. It's really cheesy, and I like that a lot. On first bite.. it was a little reminiscent of Kraft mac n cheese and I was almost disappointed. But it was weird -- it was one of those, you kept going back for another bite and it was more and more creamy and cheesy and hey, kudos!
The cornbread was way less inviting though. There was NO jalapeno to be found, visually and taste-wise. Very disappointing, I would not recommend that nor order that again.
Summary -- decent food, great specials for both food and drinks. You're not going to get amazing cocktails here. Your food is usually hit or miss, but even on a miss it's not bad. Simple OK food, $2 craft drafts and $4 house wines.Three stars. they try to push the "locally sourced" thing, and I could certainly taste the difference in the ingredients. So although the food was good, it wasn't as awesome as the prices and portions would suggest. The vibe was also too varied. The farm-to-table aspect was mixed with a lounge feel, which was mixed with a bar feel which was mixed with a brick oven look. If they were to streamline their look a little bit, I would have been more satisfied.Harvest has quickly become one of my favorite places on this side of the city to grab drinks and food. Their farm to table, under 500 calories concept succeeds. The food is well portioned, tasty, and considering that it it fresh and locally sourced, the prices certainly match the amount you are served. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating. Harvest also offers great options for lunch, brunch, and happy hour to serve people who might not want to come in for a full dinner. It's a great place for a date or for dinner with a group. Even just sitting at the bar for a quick meal and a glass of one of their many varieties of wine is a very worthwhile endeavor. I have absolutely nothing bad to say about it here --- go try it for yourself!I have eaten here a couple of times and it was good but last night was the worst tacos I have even eaten. They were tasteless,looked like a mess on the plate and not served at all the way they were described in the menu.
I was horribly disappointed.Overall, we enjoyed the food and service. The salads were great, and the salmon was perfectly cooked. The calamari appetizer was well seasoned, but seemed like a pretty small serving for the price. The edamame 3 ways was also good, but I feel like it could have been more creative by having the third type be something other than "plain". 
The restaurant itself is very welcoming, and the upstairs bar looks great for happy hour. We enjoyed the intimate seating that allowed for conversation.
I'll definitely go back when in West Philly for a night out.Happy to report that the GM got back to us and made a generous offer to make up for our poor experience. We returned and experienced great service and good food. Happy hour deals are worth checking out.My husband and I went to Harvest for a quiet lunch late on a Saturday afternoon.  Although the restaurant was relatively empty, we were escorted up a long staircase in a virtually empty area, by the bar, next to a staff member having lunch.
We waited for approximately 20 minutes to be served.
In that time, we watched many people come in, look at the menu and walk out.
They were the smart ones.
Yes, it is great to be able to go out and have low- calorie options, but when the dishes  are low calorie because of the size of the portions, that's not so great.
The salad I ordered also had a lot of dirt in it.
I'm not impressed.This place is such a hit or miss.. The Happy hour is pretty good and it's totally worth it for the $5 flatbreads (try the BBQ pork, trust me on that one) and the outdoor sitting area. The service, especially upstairs is not the best and if you don't already know, no one will tell you that there are no waiters and you have to order at the bar. The bartenders vary and some are really great while others will ignore you in a completely empty bar.. If it wasn't so close to work and the flatbreads weren't that tampering I would probably never come back.A friend had be raving about this place, so I tried it.
I had a red quinoa salad, it was ok, kind of bland, not much to it.  My companion had the Salmon, she enjoyed it.
The décor is very comfy and relaxing.  However, the day I went, it was raining, dreary and windy outside.  They kept the door in the back of the restaurant open and it was uncomfortable, cold and drafty.  I asked if they could close the door, which they did, then they re-opened it and left it open!  It made for a not so good dining experience.
The wait staff was attentive, for the most part.  They brought the check, but got too busy to come back and collect the money.  Another waiter was kind enough to take the check and money.
I would give them another try, perhaps during the summer or spring, where they don't keep the door open.The waiter was very very very friendly. He suggested the pasta with asparagus and goat cheese. It was very bland unfortunately. My friend had the burger and it was delicious. I give them so much credit for focusing on healthy seasonal local food. More places should be doing that!So it's 4:00 on Presidents Day, just one other couple at the bar.  We pony up and get a real crappy attitude from the female bartender. We ask her for a recommendation of wine (it is a Wine Bar) she says the reds are good. Well thanks! Next round is happy hour so thankfully she's gone, and a cute young guy takes her place. How about your happy hour wine flight ? We ask.  He straight faced says I don't really know anything about wine. again it's a Wine Bar, and it's your happy hour special. So we picked a few and moved on.  Not Impressed. Plenty of other places to visit.I ate dinner here on Friday night - on their "Soft Opening" for "Friends and Family"! WOW. I was honored be sat and eat in this beautiful restaurant before the majority of the world could dine here on Sunday night!
The ambiance is a brilliant combination of natural plants, wood, and rock, but enhanced with glass in a modern architectural fashion. The fountain on the patio is a sweet touch. The place is really welcoming and warm to enter. OH - there's a sweet sign above the kitchen that reads "Give. Love. Serve."
The menu consists of mostly local and organic ingredients - including the beers which are all brewed in the PA-area. Most items are under 500-calories, and the portions are just right! I didn't leave hungry, but didn't leave any as waste either. Props for sustainability, Harvest!
The server was really knowledgeable, helpful, and detail-oriented, even in the soft opening. This shows me that the management took the time to really train their staff well, and thus, I can tell that the management cares a lot about the details of this new establishment. Although there are a few local rivals such as White Dog, I can tell that Harvest will do really well.Horrible service! Management trains the wait staff to be not accommodating. Walked out several times when they were too attitudinal to my requests. As a local I kept coming back hoping it would be different but the snobbery continued. Not sorry to see ,you go!This place is amazing. I moved to West Philly a month ago for grad school, and I've already become a regular at Harvest. I am an extremely picky eater and a vegetarian, but everything I get from harvest is incredibly fresh and satisfying. The wine selection is fantastic, the prices reasonable (especially for happy hour), the ambiance is great, and the bartenders and waitstaff are super nice. You really can't go wrong here. Best part: not overrun by undergrads.This restaurant is very poorly managed and has a lack of decency/respect toward people.I've been here a few times for happy hour & the happy hour food specials were always great!
I went to a corporate event here that was also nice, however.........
Today I took some clients here for brunch & what a MASSIVE disappointment!!! 
I was embarrassed that I told my clients it was a nice place....
We sat outside it was very quiet & so it made no sense that service took so long.
Two of us ordered Blue crab eggs Benedict, I absolutely love eggs eggs Benedict but this was awful, our plates came & the food was cold, not sure it was fresh crab, should have been for the price.
The side of home fries tasted like they were a day old, rubbery & shriveled up & the portions were small, not a great deal considering $17 for a brunch item, yep I just said $17 for eggs Benedict with shriveled up home fries...
My clients got coffee that was also cold by the time it got to the table, not sure if go back after this experience, what a shame!Went there for the first time and loved the menu selection. They buy ingredients from local farmers. The beer and wine selection is large with many from brewers and distillers that focus on sustainable methods. Everything is fresh. I had the oven roasted squash and loved it.Dined with others who had the bison burger and bison meatloaf that they also enjoyed. Their flatbreads are good too.I ordered take out from here. I got the spiced turkey sliders and subbed a Greek salad for the harvest salad. They threw it in a brown cardboard box and it was all over the place. I didn't know what was a salad and what was the turkey sliders. I am very disappointed especially because I paid $16 for that lunch! I wish I was actually able to enjoy it the way i was supposed to. A little buffer from the box for the salad and wrapped up sliders in foil would have been nice. I'm sad to say that unfortunately this experience will deter me from going back.I love food, but even more than that I love free food. When I checked in on my Yelp app, I got a free Harvest flatbread. It was simple with only melted Asiago and spices, but it was crispy and delicious (even more so because it was free!).
Since my party came in during happy hour, I took advantage of the half-priced taco deal and ordered short rib taco. The short rib was too salty for me, but I didn't have a high expectation for it to begin with, so I wasn't too disappointed.
Even though I was already really full, I could not resist the temptation of dessert. I tried chocolate and salted caramel mousse cake, which was rich and decadent. Overall, I had a good first impression of Harvest, especially when the bill came and I only spent around $10 for a decent meal.This restaurant has only been open for a week when I visited, and this is usually not a good idea.  However, they passed the test, in spades.
The decor seems a bit sparse, but the tables are far apart and the booths are comfortable.  Noise level is excellent.  This is the kind of place you can take a business associate or family members to and know you will be comfortable.
The server we had was a lovely young woman who clearly had not had much server experience, but she was eager to learn and comfortable in asking how she might improve.  It was charming, and did not detract at all from the experience.  I am sure, when the place gets its footing, the service will be up to par.
The menu is inventive, without being cute, and the emphasis on fresh vegetables and seafood is refreshing.  This did not deter us from sampling their meat dishes, with great success.
Most importantly, the kitchen is on top of its game, which is rare in a new opening.  I had the spiced duck breast and my partner had the hanger steak.  Both cooked to perfection, red inside and seared on the outside.  The quality was first class, as were the sides and dessert.
The casual atmosphere belies the sophisticated work going on in the kitchen.  They know what they are doing and they work as a team.  The management is professional, focusing on the product and willing to train their front of the house in their own way.  This is possibly the best addition to the west Philadelphia / University City area in some time, and I would suspect that it will be around for some time and become a staple in the area.Harvest was a welcome surprise for both the palate and the experience. We ventured here on the suggestion of "University City Dining Days." We figured, cool - a new restaurant with dining al fresco . What's not to love ? Well, Yelper friends, it just got better from there . . . Outside seating was all full, so we sat inside, and got to enjoy seeing the kitchen prep the food, as well as a great view of the patio . 
Our waitress was friendly and helpful, even with a family member - who shall not be named - that was already really hungry and rather grumpy, and had food restrictions . The food here is fresh, healthy, and esthetically pleasing too.
Stand out items included: my watermelon gazpacho , and the "tasting size" dessert morsals. We will definately be back again soon !The service was absolutely terrible and the food was subpar. It took almost an hour to get our food, and they mixed up our orders; they gave one of our members pineapple juice instead of grapefruit and also forgot to serve us one of our orders. The manager came to tell us we'd get a discount, but all of our checks were original price when we got them. When they redid the checks, they said they gave everyone 20% off. However, mine was only 15% off and when I told the waiter she condescendingly told me I was wrong. When she double checked, I was right. However, it took another 10 minutes for me to get my corrected bill. Only recommend it to someone if you hate them.This place used to be Marathon Grill in a past life. The new owners did a great renovation of the space before opening this restaurant a couple years ago.
This is a great place to eat for dinner after work or before/after going to the Rave movie theater next door. Brunch is also good here.
They pride themselves on the flatbreads, which are like mini pizzas - they make a hearty appetizer. One is plenty to share for 2 to 4 people, depending on your appetite.
I can't say that anything on the menu is a major standout, but it is all pretty good. The menu does change from season to season, as they do try to create dishes using ingredients that are in season locally.
They also try to keep their entrees from being too heavy, and they do mark items that might be more calorie rich. They do not offer bread service before the meal, and in fact they don't really have any if you want to order it to sop up your extra saucy dishes. You can ask for some warm pita for a small fee, though (they charged us only 50 cents).
The desserts are very inexpensive, and are offered in little glass cups (the size of a large shot glass). The servers will bring you a tray of options at the end of the meal, and you can just pick what you like.
All in all, I think this restaurant is a nice option to have in West Philly. The quality of the food was better when they first opened, but it is still a great place to go for a decent meal.