They used to have gluten free beer for me but they don't carry anymore.   I was trying to contact the restaurant directly but couldn't find any contact info.  Please carry some gluten free beer for us celiacs.   It's hard to find a place that does and you were a great place that did.   Omission is not gluten free and still hurts celiacs.Went for the first time for lunch.  Food was great and the staff was really friendly.  They had no problem customizing my friend's order since she's on a strict diet.  Our food came out fast and everything was very fresh.  The decor and atmosphere was much classier than I expected.  Can't wait to go back and sample some of their extensive beer selection.Wow... and here I am thinking I've already had the best brunch in the city (Sorry Green Eggs, Sabrina's, and all the other kick-ass brunch spots).  Hawthorne's you are now my new favorite spot for so many reasons.  
I went on a busy Sunday afternoon, after stopping at Green Eggs but the wait was a little too long for my liking.  It took 10 minutes for me and a friend to be seated, and we were immediately greeted by a very friendly server who rattled off the specials and told us to help ourselves to their extensive "self-serve" beer selection.  And what a selection it is... and at such great prices, only $2.75 for Troegs DreamWeaver Wheat. (one of my absolute favorite beers).
After looking through the incredible variety of brunch options, I decided today would be the day I finally tried Fried Chicken and Waffles for the first time; and a special treat from Hawthorne's, they top each one with 2 poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce. (I also had the whole thing topped with Sliced Nova, it tastes great on Eggs Benedict).  
HOLY SHIT!  This was the most flavorful breakfast I've ever had.  The sweet syrup meshed so well with the extremely buttery texture of the waffles (which were cooked perfectly, I loathe burnt waffles) and the saltiness of the fried chicken.   I ate about half the fried chicken with the waffles, and the other half with the perfectly poached eggs and sliced nova.  I think mixing all these flavors together would have taken away from the individual flavors of the dish, and I recommend asking for the poached eggs on the side in the future to make it easier to split it up.  
I will be back for more Hawthorne's, I will be back often and eagerly awaiting your plates of greatness to satisfy my taste buds.  Can't wait to go to town on that beer cooler too!Hawthornes is a perfect Breakfast/ Brunch spot in the city. They have a WIDE variety of bottled individually sold beer. In fact wide would be putting it lightly. If I had to count I saw at least 10-12 coolers of beers with probably at least 40 different beers per cooler. So if you are looking for beer selctions this is the place for you.
As for breakfast it is a great spot for Breakfast, Lunch or Brunch. I recommend the frensh toast. The two peices they give you are huge. Filling for any one person, or the perfect side to order for a group of two. And at $9 its more then an affordable option for breakfast.
Our service was amazing. Our group of 4 went on New Years Day morning. Our server was more then accommodating when it came to our orders. She even went out of her way to put in an order that wasnt on the menu. She gets 5 out of 5 stars.I LOVE nachos so naturally I ordered the breakfast nachos for brunch and they were so terrible I barely ate them even though I was starving. The corn chips were completely soggy and everything was COATED in the same spice so there wasn't the crunch or the flavor mixing that nachos should have. The spice made the corn chips taste like doritos which was extremely off-putting. The staff was so busy, I couldn't get anyone's attention to ask for fresh chips to try to salvage the meal. I walked away 2.5 hours later, hungry, disappointed and then extremely annoyed that a 20% gratuity was added to our check. Ballsy move Hawthorne's... pretty sure 18% is the max allowed. Other meals looked good but the nachos thoroughly sucked, don't ever order them.Tried to make a reservation for 6 people for brunch on Saturday. The website let me make the reservation but they actually ended up calling me and telling me I couldn't make reservation for brunch. No big deal, we got there around 10 hoping to beat the typical 11am-ish crowd. We were very wrong. At 10am the wait was about 45min. For 6 people it's understandable but the place was packed nonetheless. It ended up being about an hour wait but the food was worth the wait. 
We started with mimosa's - at $11 a pop I was hoping it was going to be the best mimosa I've ever had... it was pretty close. They give you a baby bottle of champagne & a glass of orange juice to make your own. I thought it was a pretty cool concept. 
The food - I'm honestly not entirely sure what the rest of my party got because I was so focused on the Crabby Dick that I ordered. It's a bun with a crab cake inside & two poached eggs on top. It was served with homefries. Simply amazing. Some other table winners were the classic french toast & blueberry waffle with pulled pork on top. 
The wait is always annoying but the food is that good that it's worth standing outside for an hour to get your hands & mouth on a crabby dick. Yep.I'd call it poor service, but they didn't give me any. If I had to guess my baseball cap and oversized sweatshirt where a little too urban.We went here for brunch on a Saturday. It wasn't too busy and we were seated immediately. I ordered the breakfast nachos. They were delicious! They had WAY too much chorizo on them though. I finished the nachos and half of the plate was still covered in chorizo. I was a bit disappointed that the mimosas were 11 dollars. They were so tiny! I opted for a beer instead which were much more reasonably priced. It had a great atmosphere and the service was good.Stopped by as I saw per phillytapfinder that Hawthornes had Bell's Hopslam on tap.  It was pretty sparse on a mid-Saturday afternoon and we were quickly seated at the table of our choice.  
This was the first time I'd visited and wasn't entirely sure of the process once I entered.  There are about 5 beers on tap that you can order from the waitress or you can browse the 10 coolers of beer by the bottle and have it added to your tab at the counter (based on your table number).  It's a bit different and took me a few seconds to get it sorted but once I did it made total sense.
The interior was very inviting, rustic, bright, and laidback.  We didn't have any food but both the lunch & dinner menu looked amazing and I look forward to returning again to sample.  
The beer selection is quality and while some don't like the mason jars which are used for the beer I'm sure you can ask for another glass as they exist for the beers on tap.  There is also the beer takeout option with discounts on six and eight pack purchases; growlers are also available.  
This four star review could certainly turn into a five star once I sample the food, so don't take this four to mean its anything less than superb.  Enjoy!!Great homey environment and definitely in my top 10 lunch places. Can take a while to get a table, but is well worth the wait.
Vast beer selection, engaged staff, and wonderful comfort food. Great place to go with a group.I love the idea of Hawthorne's so much--great beer selection, solid location, diverse menu, and friendly staff.  However, I can't give it more than three stars because everything is just too expensive.
I've eaten here a couple times and like the fact that I can get a range of entrees from flavorful pasta dishes to gigantic sandwiches.  However, I'm always left feeling like all the items could be $3 cheaper.  
The same goes for the beer.  While the selection is quite varied and the staff are always eager to help, I don't understand why the beer is so expensive.  A few blocks away, Foodery offers the same selection at much more reasonable prices.Hawthorns is an amazing find in south Philly. The atmosphere is cozy and warm, the beer and cider selection is great. The menu is simple but delicious. The specials never disappoint and the desserts are top notch. Slightly more than I like to spend regularly on eating out so this is a "once in a while" experience for me. I get there as often as I can.Disappointed in this place.  I live a block away and was very excited to have a new neighborhood cafe.  However, the service and food has been disappointing.  The portions are miniature and pricey.  Still I ordered once a week or so on a busy weeknight when I didn't feel like cooking.  It was nice to phone in an order and run down to pick it up.  But tonight I called and was told I had to give a credit card to "process" my $12.00 sandwich -- even if I'm paying cash!?  Seriously.  Why would I give my credit card number for a $12.00 sandwich that I'm going to pick up in 5 minutes and pay cash for?  Hawthornes is just not customer service oriented.  (Also, I have a huge pet peeve about the filthy sidewalk outside their kitchen door.  It's covered in grease and dirt from the trash.  I don't even walk on that side of the street anymore.)  Overall, a disappointment to this "neighbor."I've been twice now since the reopening. The first time was egh  and not exactly as good as I remembered it. But I gave it a second chance this weekend and ordered the short rib omelette and it was great. Not huge portions but good. The grits were delicious, I substituted them for the potatoes. My husband loves getting growlers from here, the owner is very beer knowledgeable.Just wanted to mention that I have recently noticed that their horrible french fries received a makeover. They're now actually pretty decent with a good dipping sauce. Prices however, still remain out of control.This place is the birthchild of the God of appetizers and any person who wanted something besides domestic light beer with their meal. Was thrilled to be seated right away on a Friday night. Food was brought in minutes, a testament to their above average service.  Ordered seven dishes and truly loved 4-5 of them. Notables include a mushroom-based special, the shrimp guacamole (refreshing and the right blend of a ceviche style shrimp), and the spring rolls (wanted to buy the dipping sauce it came with). The wings were amongst the best I have ever had. The chicken was crispy yet juicy with a simple mouthwatering garlic buffalo sauce. The beer selection is fantastic and is rivaled only by places like the foodery. I definitely want to come back here for some of their special beer events.Move over mimosa! Beer is crashing in on brunch at Hawthornes. 
Occupying the corner spot on 11th & Fitz, the bright and open cafe offers your standard brunch fare.  I missed the specials on the blackboards above the register but I'll be sure to check that out next time. 
The cafe receives extra kudos for its beverage selection.  Aside from the various craft brews sold, they also offer a french press for one.  The coffee snob in me couldn't resist. It was a pleasant treat for today's frigid morning.As I peruse the Queen Village/Bella Vista area for the best spots for brunch, I ask myself after our visit to Hawthorne's: Why look any further?
Hawthorne's presented us with a comfortable walk from home, an ample outdoor section to match the gorgeous weather, and a super friendly staff who greeted us, took down my name, and pointed us toward their hundreds of bottles of beer in the cooler.
We were promptly sat outside, where we enjoyed several beers, watched the line for table grow, and received some of the best brunch food we've had in a while. Mine was a phenomenal plate of eggs benedict with ham, while my lovely lady had the S.O.S., the cream chipped beef on toast. Every bite was freakin amazing.
We really want to get to know this neighborhood, and not get stuck in a rut, going back to the same places all the time. But jeez oh man.Even though Hawthornes is less than two blocks from where we live, we don't frequent it much but it feels like every time we go (three times now) our experience has improved. 
I had the burger for the first time on the last trip and added a fried egg (love the option of adding fried egg and avocado if you want). I honestly think it's one of the best burgers in the area, which I understand is a huge statement but I really loved it. Some of their other food may not blow you away but the burger was really quite good. If I'm judging solely on this one trip which is only fair in an updated review, five stars. 
Service was also wonderful and has gotten remarkably better each time.
Points for: Burger and burger addition options. Good service.
No negatives this time around.We have been to Hawthornes quite a few times and it has been hit or miss but we kept going back because we really wanted to like it.  Tonight was the last straw.  We ordered wings tonight. When they came out they we all one piece (wing and drum bone still attached to each other) and still had the claw like thing on the end too. After deciding they were too creepy looking to even try to figure out how to eat them, I asked if they would cut them for me. What I got was a mangled  plate of chicken that clearly showed the chef's irritation at my request.  There were even bloody Bones on the plate. I asked the waitress to take them away because they were now creepy and disgusting. Not once was I asked if I wanted something else and they charged us for the food!  The quality of the food, the prices they charge and now, bad service are really disappointing. We really wanted to like you.I had a lovely brunch here last Saturday. We should up around 1 pm and were quickly seated outside. If you want to be seated inside, you need to have your whole party present. It was really nice outside, so we were happy to dine out there. 
Their $10 mimosas are awesome. They a actually give you a mini champagne bottle, so it comes out to two mimosas. Definitely with it. 
I ordered the breakfast nachos. They were more like chilaquiles with a lot of chips and less eggs. Nevertheless, they were quite tasty. The spicy chorizo is definitely spicy. I would watch out when ordering this dish because my mouth was on fire, and I usually can handle spice. 
The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is cute and cozy. Try it out next time you're in the area!Of all the places that I have brunched at here in the City of Brotherly Love, this has to be one of my favorites for the shear tastiness of their food. My guest and I were immediately seated upon entrance indoors and noticed the wonderful and unique decor that was out. We both had a mimosa each, which was extremely tasty (kind of hard to mess up a good mimosa)! My girlfriend got the pancake of the day, which was blueberries and butter on top of a short stack. I got a waffle with plan butter and maple syrup. Both of these entrees were delicious and the service we received from the staff was excellent. We also were able to meet the manager/owner, who seemed genuinely thankful and gracious for our service. We will definitely be back to this wonderful Philly staple!Good food, simple menu, relaxed atmosphere, decent draft list, excellent bottle selection at their bottleshop thing and good prices.  I like that you can buy decent beer at their bottle shop for $2-$3 and drink it at your table.  
I highly recommend the pierogies and the fish tacos.Do yourself a favor and get the Drunkin Waffle- blueberry waffle with pulled pork and candied pecans. Great food, good atmosphere, fabulous service. Our table was a little cramped in a corner but I will sacrifice that for the delicious food.Imagine brunch with your favorite (super large) selection of beers - any beers - all beers. Wow. then imagine the service to be great (yes, even for brunch). Wow. Then imagine (wait for it) ... the food is good too! Comfortable, not pretentious, but good! 3 Wows!I had heard a lot of good things about this place and finally made it in for brunch.  We arrived around 11:30 and the place was packed, regardless we were seated in about 5 minutes.
Our server was very friendly and attentive, constantly bringing out water refills as it was pretty hot outside.  We ordered the Turkey BLT and Huevos Abogados (sp?).  Both were hearty portions and tasted great.  The menu had tons of food options at reasonable prices.  We didn't have any beers, but it looked like they quite the selection.
I'm sure we'll be back.Having heard great reviews about Hawthorne's, my boyfriend and I decided to give the place a try. Upon arrival, we were told by the hostess at the stand that it would be a 20 minute wait to dine-in. Twenty minutes? Not so bad. 
We eventually got seated and took a few minutes to look over the menu. My boyfriend and I usually order three items off the menu and share. We were indecisive between the Original Hawthorne's Baked French Toast and the Funnel Cake French Toast. Our final choices were the fried chicken and waffles, smoked salmon and asparagus egg's benny, and the baked french toast. 
When the food arrived, everything looked great, then came the taste test. The chicken/waffles combo was the best out of the three. The egg's benedict came second, nothing special. The french toast was the least fav. item that we ordered. It was basically hardened toast with a bit of an bread pudding texture when cut apart.
Although the first experience was just okay, I would like to come back and try the other sweet concoctions on the menu.Talk about brunch and beer! The longer I was here, the more I loved this place.  From the cozy fireplace to the rustic decor, this new brunch hot spot is a great addition to Bella Vista. 
The breakfasts were savory, there's not too many tables stuffed in a room so you feel like you are sitting on top of people, the staff was attentive but relaxed, and the owner was walking around making sure things were alright.
Best of all, after brunch, you can peruse their ORGANIZED display cases of imported and local beers... or if you're feeling toasty, buy a beer and have it for brunch!Been meaning to come here, mostly just because the name reminds me of the author. Finally came in Saturday for brunch because we were up early and didn't want to wait til 11 or later to eat (they open for brunch at 9!!).
I got the smoked salmon & asparagus eggs benedict. The eggs were poached perfectly, the sauce was creamy and slightly tangy with no separation or unevenness. The salmon was velvety smooth and had the right amount of saltiness. They also let me get a side salad instead of the home fries. The salad was light, fresh with a powdery lemony dressing. There were some very thinly sliced radishes in the salad for a little sweet crunchiness that I enjoyed. 
The Boy got the crab cake sandwich. It was a nearly 3 inch round disk almost an inch thick chock full of fresh and briny crab cooked to perfection. The crab was seasoned just so lightly as to bring out it's natural sweetness and savoriness, and it had the most glorious crust. The sandwich was topped off with a poached egg, the yolk being a great sauce for the huge lumps of crab.
He also got a single banana foster pancake as a side that had great flavor. It is lightly sweet topped with a tangy yogurt and candied walnuts. I don't even like nuts and I had to admit that it was the right answer to balance the sourness from the yogurt and heighten the slight sweetness of the pancake, and was just the right crunchy addition to the creamy and fluffy pancake.
I have my eyes set on the fried chicken and waffle for our next visit!I've had several lunches here but today was the worse.  I ordered the Sweet Rosie the prosciutto was thick, tough and salty it could have been wonderful if they had used Parma prosciutto  cut thinly with the fresh mozzarella and pesto.Love love love this place. Food is great, beer selection is vast and atmosphere is relaxing (except if it's packed). Wish I lived closer to go more often.Nice environment and service. They have a great collection of beer. The food is awesome and reasonably priced.Hawthornes is a great place if you want good food, a huge selection of beer, and a chill vibe. When we sat down we were first told about the beer list. You can either get one of the few beers on draft, or go to the fridges and choose one of the many beers.  We were offered some help and gave good advice. The beer with the owl on it is great. The food itself is tasty. The Mediterranean appetizer is an ample plate of yummy fare including falafel, pepper hummus, olive tapenade, and feta. It was filling, so if you get that get something smaller for your entree or share. The crab cake sandwich is nice, and was not stuffed with fillers. The burger is also very satisfying. Between the two of us, probably would have been enough just to have the appetizer and one of the sandwiches. It can be a little pricey, but will definitely be back. The wait staff is friendly, and the place is very clean, which is always a plus.This was a great place for bunch. Busy and a little noisy, but that lil' negative was far out weighed by the positives. 
Well above average on: menu, ingredients, services, decor, beer selection. 
... I must highlight service. Your party will only be seated once ALL are present. Once tucked into your table, mason jar water cups are filled with an icy carafe of water. The server gave excellent suggestions. And kept an eye on us for our 2+ hour brunch without rushing us out the door. 
I'd absolutely return for brunch and try dinner sometime too!Cozy atmosphere! Waitstaff was quite polite and attentive. Food was amazing! Espeically like the Cheesecake Churro! It's a must try dessert!You can't find a cuter and cozier place to enjoy some food and drinks during the winter.  I'm in love with Hawthornes.
Brunch time is always busy, but don't worry, you can sip on some coffee while you wait.  If you are of the impatient type, such as myself, get your name in before 11 and the wait won't be too bad.  
The S.O.S. is a solid brunch option and will leave you feeling full and satisfied.  Friends of mine got the chicken and waffles and the crabby dick, both of which were amazing, as their plates were licked clean.  
This is the type of brunch spot you won't tire of...ever.I can't wait to come back! After looking for a new brunch spot, my girlfriend and I made it here last Saturday. We had a 20-30 minute wait, but with ten coolers of crazy beer to sort through, the time went by so fast. After staying in that Friday night, we decided to treat ourselves to a beer, even though it was only going for noon...but if there's a place to do that sort of thing, it's here at Hawthornes!
The raspberry pale ale, my choice of cider, and a blueberry beer were all new to us and very reasonably priced (although some items are going to cost ya!) There's also a fireplace to sit by if you're waiting for your seats to open up.
The food was also good that we had and the portions were on the larger side, but I still think the price of the food is a little too high,  but that's my only complaint!Woah. I don't understand how this place only gets 3.5 stars. I've been here a few times, both times before I was a Yelper, and both times before they served food. Let's make sure we're on the same page here... 
Before they ever served food, the concept was simple. "Welcome, enjoy our amazingly broad selection of beer. Enjoy it to go, enjoy it here. Mix and match without fear... do what you will, just enjoy our beer." That could have been their slogan... instead it's just something I made up, but still, I think you get the point. 
BEER! Lots of beer. Delicious, less than nutritious, but yummy. And from all over the world! If you like beer, then even before this place served food, it deserved better than 3.5 stars. In the beginning, it was just bottles; now they also have draft. Pretty cool. 
That covers the "beer" aspect of Hawthorne's. A major plus, in my book. Let's talk about my most recent outing.
We arrive on the first beautiful evening of many to come this fall (also the first night of Monday night football in 2012). The tables outside are mostly  filled, which is a good sign. There are a few people seated inside, but well below full capacity. A few others are perusing the beer fridges, looking for their tasty treat.
Outside seems like a good choice. Server is friendly, articulate, and generally cool. I order a blueberry beer from one of the draft selections... don't judge me. She decides that in honor of the beautiful night, she'll go to the beer fridge to pick out a nice pumpkin beer. JACKPOT. Southern Tier's Pumking is INSANE. Get it and you'll know what I mean.
Appetizer: pierogie - what kind? Does it matter? They're homemade pierogies... and they were pan fried. D-lish.
Entrees: Hawthorne burger; short rib tacos
She got the burger... I think it was bigger than her head. Juicy and tender ground beef, with a fried egg, avocado, blue cheese, and a chipotle sauce on top... all served on a brioche bun. I shouldn't have to explain to you how amazing it was. Fries on the side.
The short rib tacos. Sensational. Next time I'm going to try the baja tacos (read: fish tacos). 
I hadn't eaten much all day, so I was a little buzzed after a few beers, but this buzz didn't impact my decision. The incredible weather, impressive beer selection and our outstanding choices, and dynamite food make this place a new Philly fave.
Get down to 11th and Fitzwater to visit Hawthorne's right  this second... why are you still reading? Leave! Now!Good Brunch- Good prices. 
Great Service.
You can get your beer at a beer bar- something really cool.I can't get enough of the brunch here. Anytime somebody asks if I want to brunch--I volunteer this spot.
Tbh, nearly every time, I get the breakfast sandwich with veggie sausage...it's THAT good. I can't stop. Veg sausage is made in house and super relish. Also, the home fries are probably my favorite. Ever. 
Every friend I've taken here, gets a different thing on the menu and every single one is blown away. 
Beer selection is amazing! Staff is super friendly, food is incredible, ambience is super chic. There's nothing bad to say about Hawthornes. Definitely try it out for brunch if you haven't already.This place falls right into the same category as Honey's for me, the food is good but it is really simple over priced diner food. Also, tried to go there for lunch on a weekday to do some work and they don't provide WiFi! How doesn't provide WIFI? Especially when you are paying $14 for a sandwich.This is a great brunch location. The ambiance is quaint and the service was attentive and friendly. There is a great selection of beers-with To Go options and even growlers. The food came quickly and was really delicious. My only complaint was that the music was too loud and did not match the setting (club/dance music did not compliment the cozy comfortable setting and was a little much in the morning). Otherwise a great spot to check out!Food : A House Burger and a pancake
Taste : Delicious
Service : Kind
Price : Reasonable
Revisit : Definitely yesIt's like being a kid in a candy store...except your an adult with what seems like an endless choices of beer!
Even if you're not a huge beer fan, the food here is really top notch. I've had quite a few things on the menu and I have to say I've never really been disappointed.
The staff is super helpful and really know their beers. It's quite and kinda has this "homey" feel (couches and a fireplace are a nice touch).This place always has great food. Unfortunately the reservation system and host staff leave something to be desired. We live a 10 minute walk away and called ahead to be told (1) there was no wait and (2) they did not take reservations. We left immediately and arrived at the restaurant 10 minutes later only to be told that it was a 20-30 minute wait because there were reservations in front of us. Low and behold several tables were empty with reservation cards on them. Since a 20-30 minute wait isn't terrible we decided to wait even though we were not given an explanation for how both things we were told changed completely. 
Then 24 minutes later we were called to the host stand to be seated outside which we specifically said we did not want when we checked in. We went back to wait longer and were told 5-10 minutes later that there were actually 2 large parties in front of us and it would be an additional 40 minutes. They suggested we eat at the counter if we want. Since we are a party of 3 we cannot have a conversation and I am using my free time while the other 2 talk to write this review.  Also I just overhead wait staff comment that the host staff accidentally entered the same party of 10 into the system. 
Good news my food is here and tastes good as always but this isn't the brunch experience I was looking for and I am very disappointed. I will think twice before coming here again with fears I will end up waiting 30 minutes for the counter.Fortunately, Hawthorne's is right around the corner from my apartment, so I'm always close enough to enjoy it as often as I'd like.
I'm going to keep this review short. Hawthorne's, in a word, is awesome. Kick-ass beer selection, awesome food, and a fantastic atmosphere. Being able to enjoy some nice, rich stouts in front of a real wood fire has been great this season with all the cold weather.
If you're going for food, I recommend the Hawthorne burger. So good.Go here if you want a good selection of beer.
Skip it if you want good customer service or non-overpriced food.Just move back to the neighborhood. Been here once. Trying it again today. Still really good! Music was so sound when we walked in but they turned it down after we mentioned it. They had like 10 speakers on the wall omg. Food is great. Their system is a bit weird with all the beer they have on the wall. They seat you down and serve you food but you pay at the register after they bring you the check. Hahhaha very interesting.As a beer establishment Hawthorne's is pretty good.  Pricey of course but that's how single bottles are in Philly and it's definitely the place to go in the area if you wanted to enjoy a nice Belgian or the like in the comfort of your own home.
As a food establishment it's fairly useless.  The sandwiches are OK but nothing unique, and nothing to go back for.  I ordered a Turkey BLT that was supposed to contain brie and mayonnaise (among other things) and it lacked both.  Of course it was corrected with the waitress' apologies, but you have to wonder how whoever is making those sandwiches can forget stuff like that.  It's a little stingy of them to charge an extra $1.50 to substitute fries or mixed greens for the usual potato chips.  It was also stingy of them to charge me an extra $1 for a little side of mayonnaise for my fries.
If this were only a place to buy beer I'd give it a higher rating, but one must consider the whole establishment.  And what's with the $15 minimum for cards?? (which I see I'm not the first to complain about)  Come on guys...this is a place where you're just as likely to spend less than $15 than you are to spend more.  Setting ANY credit card minimum is of course in direct violation of the agreement a business has with a credit card company.  If it's a $5 minimum at a coffee shop, fine, but this is really not normal for a place where you get a sandwich, or a few assorted bottled beers.  Knock it off, Hawthorne's.My fiancé and I love coming here. The Crabby Dick is a game changer. It's one dish I can have every time I'm there. Even when I try something else on the menu, it still doesn't compare. If you're a fan of potatoes like me, this place has cooks them
to perfection. But the reason I come in so often is the friendly staff that works there. Service and personality are key in this business, and this place shows it the best.I'm so glad i waited until now to write my review. I can confidently say that all the negative reviews from when Hawthorne's was new are obsolete. This place is a gem. I just wish i could transport it maybe 3 blocks closer to my house so i would go more often. 
I was always a fan of the concept of Hawthorne's. I loved picking out my beer and sitting down to a delicious bite. I love that I can drink away from home at fabulous, take-out prices. There were times where the service was regrettably poor or things were just confusing (like where/who to pay/order etc). But they've ironed out all the kinks. 
If you can get a table, you'll have a fabulous experience. If you don't know the ropes (your wonderful waiter will explain): you're going to grab a table first, then check out the beer cases, make your selection, take it over to the counter and tell them which table number tab to add your beer to. Other than that the protocol is standard. 
p.s. i started this review last summer and just now polished it off and posted it. i've since moved from Philly but i still brunch here every chance i get.After successfully dropping off a uhaul truck in So Phila, my mate and I decided to celebrate with a beer at Hawthornes.  We got a few snacks, too.  First, the beet fettucini (or linguine, I can't remember).  It was pink like a beet, but didn't realy have a beet-y taste.  The pesto sauce was, however, very fresh and flavorful.  We also got a cheese & meat plate.  The soppressata was awesome!  I just wish there was more of it on the cheese board.  They had some decent cheeses, too, that were distinct and flavorful.  
The beer selection was decent, and I love that you can shop for your own bottle among the huge selection.  I will say that some of the beers seem pretty pricey.  For example, a bottle of Bourgogne de Flandres will run you about $8, but at Eulogy, it's $6-7 I believe.  
I'd love to snag that fireplace seat with a group of friends; otherwise, the restaurant is a little bit cold, in terms of, not feeling as homey as those select few who get to cuddle around the fire.  Makes me jelly.While Hawthorne's has excellent food, if you are interested in a glass a wine, head elsewhere.  The two stars are not entirely for the lack of single-glass wine, but also for the strange, almost manipulative way the wait staff seem trained to handle requests for a glass.
"Oh, we only serve bottles, but if you want, we have single serving wine in the beer fridge.  Although, (condescendingly) it's not very good."
Regardless of whether this is true, the customer is now faced with a decision: buy a $40 bottle of wine or head to the beer fridge in a walk of shame for the "not very good" wine.  We overheard two servers give the same exact line to customers, both equally put on the spot.
Just keep this in mind.  If you're interested in a $40 bottle of good wine, great.  If not, head elsewhere, like Devil's Den, which has an amazing burger and an assortment of wines by the glass or by the bottle, in addition to a solid draft list.Maybe one of our new #1 brunch spots! I got the SOS which I am definitely a connoisseur of in the city and it was the best I've had in a long time. Alex got the open faced biscuit with sausage gravy and chicken which was also quite good. Mine was definitely a better value at $9 compare to his $15 but all in all very good! Love the atmosphereHawthornes is so fun with really great food. I had never been to a beer cafe before (basically you buy beer like you would at a take out beer place, but then pay for it and take it to your table and drink it at dinner.) I took my friend who is a very strict vegetarian and was very impressed with the mushroom risotto. Everyone that worked there was so nice even though we were a later seating. The place itself is cute: rustic and simple. I also think Hawthornes is great that they're so involved in the neighborhood; I just went to their Beer/Cider fest last weekend and it was a blast. It just makes me like them more knowing the participate in those kinds of thingsFood was meh. Service was okay. Way overpriced for what they give you. Wasn't impressed at all.Great beer selection and great food. This and Sabrina's are the two best places in Phily.This place is really cool. I love the fireplace and the microbrews and the decor. I wish I could rate the food higher. I got the falafel salad. It was not that good. 3 miniature falafels that were not fresh, and the plate was just crowded with lots of lettuce. It was not that good. We got 1 pancake to try. It was red velvet. It tasted ok, but it was not worth the 6 dollars they charged for it. One small pancake for 6 bucks???? Really? My wife's omelette was ok but the potatoes were cold. It is hard to put this place up there with honeys or lift. It looks great but the food is not good enough.It's my local brunch spot and I love it.   The heuvos ahogados are incredible, especially if you add chorizo.  It's like a spicier shakshuka and that's what I want all the time.Went there Sunday night for a small family dinner. Made a reservation for 6:30 and the table was waiting for us. Waitress was very attentive even though it became more crowded after we received our appetizers, which were excellent. We have the shrimp meatballs and fried cheese.  Entrees varies from salad to burgers to salmon to meatloaf.  Everyone was very happy with their meal and the fries were delicious. Is a great neighborhood jawn, in Bella Vista. They will see me again for sure.Great brunch spot, but prepare for a long wait.  Menu includes innovative, non-typical brunch items that won't be found on nearby menus, but I waited for over one hour for a table and the restaurant does not take reservations.  Furthermore, the restaurant has a limited number of two person tables.I'm not one to give a place glowing reviews after one visit but this restaurant is quaint. The atmosphere is quiet, with a working fireplace (this time of year it is lit with candles) and soft lighting. Not that I've ever sat down and thought, "Wow, this is cute." 
Wait staff was awesome. One of the hosts kept coming over and talking beer, veal, and french toast with me. The conversation was amazing and I am pleased to know that someone else thinks about french toast as much as I do. 
My friend and I split an appetizer (fettunta), which was perfect. Two of my favorite things (bread and cheese) and stuff. My friend ordered one of the pasta specials and I had short rib tacos. My tacos came with home made chips and pico, which made it a shame that I was going to follow this meal with a night of drinking. 
Really, the 4th star was from the young lady running the cashier who asked me if I was Annie Hall for Halloween. IF ONLY GIRLFRIEND, IF ONLY. I was Dr. Who...So far this is my absolute favorite brunch spot within the city. They serve beer, and wine, and cocktails. And I can get eggs. You can't beat any of those options. Oh but they did.. They added French presses. Mini ones at that! (Slightly obsessed with mini versions of any object.) 
Okay, so anyways, technically their wait time meter was off, but you can't anticipate when parties will finish their meals perfectly, and the wait was worth it. I only wish we could have sat outside, but first come first serve. The interior was adorable regardless. I was very content. 
I went with the Huevos ahsomethingorother. Basically two poached eggs in a roasted tomato poblano pepper soup.. Sound weird? Good. Get it. It was Bang. In. And the arugula salad on the side with chipotle lime vinaigrette, and their hashbrowns. Ugh. I don't even care for hashbrowns. But these were chunks of crispy and spiced up potatoes, and they were the best croutons I ever did shove in my pie hole. Everyone else loved their meals as well. I don't tend to give five stars, but I already want to go back, and that's saying something.Almost always perfectly cooked yummy meals and friendly service.  They are always busy.  They get away with seriously over-pricing the simplest of dishes because of their neighborhood location and beer selection.So surprise, surprise, I'm gay. Which means I don't take brunching lightly. I actually spend most of my time thinking about how I can fit brunch into non-traditional brunch hours (happy hour mimosas and omelets anyone?). You can imagine my delight when I discovered Hawthornes Biercafe. First of all, the name sounds like a place that French royalty could be found in all white after a quick sailing trip. But don't let that be the only reason you go. The food here is amazing. I've been several times now and have tried my fair share of the sweet and savory options from a cheese steak  omelet, to carrot cake pancakes, to breakfast nachos (um...yeah these are great!), to their savory breakfast potatoes roasted with peppers. So many amazing options! 
It's usually pretty busy, but I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table. And it's well worth the wait. The only negative thing I would have to say about the place is how I'm expected to make my own mimosas out of a 1-serving sized bottle of champagne and a tiny carafe of orange juice, only to be left with a table full of empty bottles that could have been avoided by someone making my mimosas behind the bar. Hopefully they change this, because it is annoying! 
Overall, a fantastic brunch spot. And you can trust that I know what I am talking about.Cute place with good food and excellent beer selections.  Go for the ambiance and the ability to pick whatever beer you could possibly want from their fridges.   The appetizers are good and big enough to share.love their mimosas. so cute. the place is cozy and well set up. Food is delicious, best brunch i've had in a while. On par with green eggs, lift and aksum.So there's some kind of neighborhood issues with this place and the locals. I've heard it from a number of people and don't know the details but I can say the food and atmosphere is fantastic. 
Went for brunch on Sat and it was packed but we got a quick seat at the counter which was perfect.  Newly renovated since a fire, they put it together nicely and service and food was great and unique. Definitely worth a repeat visit.The burger is f***ing amazing as is the french toast and the chicken salad sandwich.Employees are greatDinner was great, got a grain salad with shrimp and tried a few different beers. Loved the atmosphere.The food was extremely good and I have been here several times with many different people.  The only thing that sucks is the cramped seating.  The last time I went the guy next to me kept passing gas and it was really uncomfortable because he was basically sitting in my lap.  They have a wide variety of beer and the coffee is THE BEST.  When we move closer, we will go here even more.  Breakfast/brunch is the best time to go but lunch is also stellar!  Cute fireplace waiting area, too.This is my new brunch spot. This has to be one of my favorite brunch experiences in the city. Service is phenomenal - the hosts/hostesses/servers are incredibly attentive and accomodating. The food is outstanding, huge portion for great prices AND the service is quicker than expected which is ALWAYS a plus.
The atmosphere is kick-ass as they certainly have the BEST decor that I've seen  and their setup is awesome. They're even a beer distributor which I thought was pretty cool because our bill included a coupon to use over the beer they had for sale.
Bf ordered a stack of choco chip and banana pancakes that he compared to eating a breakfast cake..I had the chicken waffles which were beyond amazing. Our only complaint was that they didn't serve espresso! But that was made up for through everything else a part of our experience
Soooo happy I finally listened to all of the recommendations and decided to check it out. Hawthorne's - get ready for another regular!We've known about Hawthorne's for years but never had the motivation to walk to the east side of Broad for breakfast. This morning, we were up early enough to get there before the brunch crowds so we went and arrived shortly after they opened. The space is really cute and cozy. It was wet outside though and the floors were insanely slippery. Between three of us, we ordered the Hawthorne omelette, the 11th Street omelette, and the special mocha chocolate pancakes. Unfortunately, everyone was disappointed. The omelettes were prepared French style, which is fine in theory, but they didn't taste like eggs at all. The filling for each omelette was tasty, but only one bite had cheddar cheese in it and the omelette itself was essentially wrapped around the filling almost like they were two entirely different components to the dish. The cheese failed to meld the egg and the filling together...perhaps because there was hardly any of it. The pancakes that weren't burnt were decent, but we were surprised that they served them given that the bottom was completely black. Not just overcooked. Burnt. The chef should have known better. In all fairness, the waitress, who was super sweet, appropriately removed it from our bill. Maybe the regular chef took some time off for the holidays.So glad this place finally reopened. The wife and I are regulars at The Cambridge (both owned by the same couple). Came here a couple weekends ago for brunch. The place was packed but we were able to get a table outside. Our server recognized us and spent a few minutes chatting with us. I had the rueben which was very good, not too greasy and the fries were also good-hot and crispy. I like their menu offerings a little more than those of Cambridge so definitely will be returning for dinner. 
Tip:  get here early it gets really crowded quickly on the weekends.I went back to Hawthornes again for Saturday brunch and it did not disappoint. I had the South of the Boarder again, amazing, and the Hawthornes shandy is a must, very refreshing. Everyone enjoyed their meals, the Crabby Dick is definitely worth it, I've never seen a crab cake that big. Our food came fast and the service was good too. If you are looking for a good environment and great food, this is a must.I just had brunch at hawthornes and loved it! 
I got a build your own omelette and my man the S.O.S... My omelette was perfect; an excellent combination of goat cheese, spinach and onion. The homefries were fantastic- wonderfully seasoned and included peppers and onions.. His S.O.S was delicious a step up from your average diner fare but still within the tried and true breakfast without going overboard. The only downside would be our side of bacon- it was burnt, some folks love it that way, i'm not a fan. 
Otherwise the staff was friendly, the ambience was cute and they have and INCREDIBLE beer selection... I can't wait to go back!i really enjoy hawthorne's brunch. i can have any beer i want, with delicious huevos rancheros. the specials always sound good too.. inventive but not too crazy.Be patient, grasshopper. If you want to catch the weekend brunch at Hawthornes, you've got to be dedicated. You've got to have time to kill, a spirit of unhurried-ness, which is sometimes hard to come by in a city dweller. But if you have a little time and a little cash to spend, Hawthornes is the place to do it. 
Despite my reserved feelings on the pretentious titling of "Biercafe," this is easily one of the best brunch spots in the city. Yes, they have an amazing beer selection - both tap and bottled. Yes, they have the right to be considered a cafe which serves beer; however, to opt for the "bier" spelling - I'm sorry, it's too much, Hawthornes. 
Though there's only a few true brunch choices in Philadelphia, Hawthornes is set apart by its healthy portions and unique flavor combinations. Their take on the popular "South of the Border" menu item combines the regular fare of beans and corn and eggs with delicious cajun-like home fries; fresh, crisp tortilla shells; and an herb sour cream that stands out. Their sweet menu options, ranging from Hawthornes's spin on French Toast to some good looking waffles, appear exceptional. 
What I don't understand are the negative reviews complaining about wait times or pricing. It's going to be near impossible to find a place like this that won't have at least an hour wait. Also, with menu items ranging from $8-15, this is well within average and reasonable. The coffee is a little pricey, but less than your Le Pain Quotidien (cf. my review of LPQ to see my thoughts on this place). 
Unique combination of beer selection and brunch, which gives Hawthornes an identifiable appeal, along with some varied and impressive menu options puts this little cafe at the top of my list.I live next door to this place, and therefore I frequent it. That being said- I live right next door and if I'm feeling particularly lazy I go there. Not much of a good review if you keep that in mind. 
It's less crowded than Sabrina's or Sam's for brunch, and the food is good. My complaint is that the prices are on the high side. My roommate got the biscuits and gravy last time we were there for brunch and it was one biscuit split open and maybe 5 pieces of ground sausage for the whopping price of $14! That's just silly. Biscuits are by far the cheapest thing to make and they're just making it overpriced because the neighborhood is up and coming. It's not there yet (which is why I can afford my place. lol) so don't have the high prices!So glad we stopped into this cozy spot in trendy Bella Vista. Heard it was good, but we thought it was great on all counts. The staff is friendly & welcoming & even though it was full when we arrived late one Saturday afternoon, we were seated almost immediately. Nice to see that the patrons were a mix of young, old & in-between. The burgers were among the best we'd ever enjoyed. My husband was most appreciative of the amazing selection of beers, while I enjoyed their steaming hot, black coffee. It's one of those places where you (we) want to go back again & again--casual, pleasantly noisy, crowded, good food & drink. What's not to like?Great place for brunch! I came by around 1030 on a Saturday morning and there were plenty of tables open. I had the crab cake sandwich with poached egg and the whole thing was massive and delicious! The crab cake was pure crab meat and fried with a crunchy coating on the outside. It was served with home fries which were crisp and well seasoned.I dig it.  What a great spot!  The menu is nice and the beer selection is great.  This is the only place in the city that I know of where you can get growlers.  I haven't had the brunch, but I have heard good things and am looking forward to it.  Only problem: no prices on the beer?  I mean, you can always ask, but with so much selection, you don't really want to ask the price of 20 different beers... or more!  They have a great thing going, though, and the space itself is so big and bright!We had been so disappointed w a recent breakfast choice that I was hoping to make up for my recommendations. And boy did this place more than make up for the day before. 
We ordered the crab cake sandwich, chicken & waffles, breakfast quesadillas, and an omelette. We each had a dish & I ordered a pumpkin pancake, biscuit & turkey bacon on the side because I realy wanted to try everything! I wanted so badly to redeem myself! The pumpkin pancake with cream cheese & candied pumpkin seeds- wow! Amazing! We shared it so that we could all taste & it was a perfect portion. 
Everything was soooooo good. There was so much food- we joked that you couldn't cut through the chicken without the waffle flying off your plate! But I managed. The coffee was good, the dishes were excellent & the service was friendly and fast.  As we walked out, my friends commented that it was worth every penny and then some. Very well priced for the amount of food provided. 
I would highly recommend. I can tell you, it's on my list to return to the next time we are in town with family & friends.The back of the restaurant is lined with several coolers full of beer. Each cooler is organized by region the beer was brewed in. Pretty decent and eclectic selection of brews. Prices of individual bottles of beer is comparable to that of supermarkets that sell beer (obviously not ones in Philly). 
Best of all, you bring a bottle of beer to the counter, and they ring it up for your table. Great way to try a bunch of great beer at low prices. 
Food is comparatively expensive. Just had the beer, did not try the food. But my friends seemed to enjoy the food a lot.I had dinner and drinks here last night and it was a good experience. On a Wednesday evening, it was fairly slow and we didn't need a reservation. Our server was really attentive and I was impressed with how quickly each round of drinks as well as our food came out. 
I had a couple of beers from the draft list, but I like that they also have the option of grabbing bottles/cans out of the coolers and having them added right onto your tab. Next time, I'll have to peruse those options. 
I ordered the housemade sausage. A large smoked pastrami sausage was served with a generous portion of sauerkraut (complete with hearty chunks of thick bacon), a spicy mustard, and pumpernickel flatbread. The flavors were great, and the bread, sausage, and sauerkraut made for a nice combination of textures. 
The space itself is really nice as well. It's casual and cozy, and I loved the real fireplace burning on a cold night. Great for a date or just a nice dinner with friends!Imagine it is a rainy March evening, you have walked about 10 blocks from your home, open the door, and immediately feel warm and relaxed. Fireplace on, Hawthornes provides you with a place to just kick back, eat some delicious food and just chill for a bit in this more-modern-looking pub. We were starving after our walk in a downpour, and everything on the menu looked good. It was a Thursday, so the special was $8 mussles. The featured mussles were Dijon herb, garlic, and Yards Philly Pale Ale blend, which sounded amazing, and were SOOO GOOD. Would definitely order them again. We also ordered fried cauliflower. I guess I have been more used to a 'baked/fried' cauliflower elsewhere so I was surprised to see battered and fried. They were good, but not what I expected. We got the garlic hot sauce, so when you ate the sauce with it, it was kind of like eating vegan chicken wings. I ordered the pork chop and it also was extremely delicious. The brussels sprouts with it were tasty and the potatoes were good but could have been better had they been more crispy. I didn't eat all of it and had the rest leftover for lunch, and it was still very good. We finished off with chocolate cake which was a solid good, nothing amazing. I was a little disappointed with the dessert menu as it only had like three things and all sounded fairly basic. But I think they change around what they have for dessert, so maybe there is more variety and interesting desserts. Overall we left full and happy, and definitely willing to come back again. Looking forward to trying brunch!Came for happy hour to this almost hidden place by south street after a long walk from my hood in cc. Got the fried shishito peppers and Spire dry cider- fast service and food, and the peppers were interesting, not spicy but very greasy. The cider was amazing though (warranting 5 stars). Ambience was lovely- had a fireplace and beautiful decor, along with wine bottles for purchase. Probably better for dinner than a casual happy hour.Came here for lunch on Presidents' Day. They had their brunch and lunch menu made available this day. It was clean and chic inside. Loved how they had a fireplace which made it more homey. Service was great. Food was great. I ordered falafel sandwich with a side salad. The platter was awkward to eat as a sandwich but didn't mind bc I could pick at the things I did want to eat.The Hawthornes burger is pretty much one of the best burgers that I have had here in Philly. Blue cheese, a fried egg, avocado, and chipotle aioli. It comes at a whopping $16 but it's definitely worth it. The meat is beautifully seared and about as thick as the width of your thumb.This review is long over due. I live around the corner from Hawthornes and have yet to have a bad experience. Their brunch, lunch, and dinner options are on point. I especially love the papadelle dish. The beer selection never disappoints. Hawthornes is a gem - Be careful around brunch on the weekends.. You will def have a long wait but it's worth it!Hawthorne's is a great little neighborhood bar and I'm so thankful I moved 5 blocks away from it!
Hawthornes has awesome lunch and dinner, everything is fresh and tastes great.  I'm a really big fan of their handcut potato chips and big props to the sever that gave me a bag of them to go with my leftover sandwich.  The servers here are knowledgeable about the beer list and are great for helping one decide which mouth-watering sandwich to get.  I've often had to ask which they prefer and they've always lead me in the right direction.
Food and service aside, this place has a great fancy beer selection, drafts, and growlers!  They're growlers are only $10 and you can fill them with several different options...your 21st fill is free!  
If you're in the area, definitely check this place out.  They do a lot of great events and you won't be disappointed by anything.One of the best places to grab a great brunch & beer  I went with the chorizo quesadillas that came with a side of potatoes & a cilantro sour cream. The chorizo was spicy & deliciousCompletely in love with this place. The service is great, the food is great, the beer selection is great. The only thing keeping it from five stars is that it seems a bit more expensive than it used to be. That being said, I still love it!Finally, something on 11th street on this side of Washington.  You have all those pho joints, Carmen's, Devil's Den, etc etc etc, on the south side, but once you cross...there's a CVS.
I came here and ordered a Ladder 98, recommended by the guy behind the counter, with my instruction of a vegetable sandwich.  Although I wasn't crazy about it, the panini  bread was good.  I think the spread or cheese threw me off.  It came with what looked to be homemade potato chips.  Their menu looks great though, and I'll be back soon to try another sandwich.  I love the set up here.  There's a couch fireplace area, beer fridges towards the front, and just a nice general warmth about the place.  
Note to self: try brunch here too.This place honestly feels like home.  You would expect anything special from the outside of this place but when you walk in you get the feeling like your dining in someones country home.  The food is very good and I really enjoy the daily specials with seasonal dishes.  Pumpkin pancakes, eggs benedict, and waffles for brunch.  If your not in the mood for something fancy then you can still get 2 eggs, bacon/sausage, toast.
The service is really top notch here.  Very attentive to their customers and even people waiting.  They offered me a free sample of beer while we were waiting for our table.
I would highly recommend this place.  Nearby places like Sabrina's and Morning Glory always have these ridiculous long lines.  This place hardly has any wait and I personally think the food and prices are better.
In addition, Hawthorne's offers fine beers in an array of glass door refrigerators in the back.  There really isn't alot of negative things to say about this place.  A line starts forming around noon so go a little early.Good spot to try new beers and have a conversation with friends.
I liked that this wasn't exactly a bar and not exactly a restaurant. I did  not try the food.
Seems like a fun spot to come and try new beer and maybe have a snack for cheap.
Lots of decent-good beers prices 2.50-3.50 each.I wasn't really a brunch person until Hawthornes.  Arriving in time to see the somewhat large crowd waiting outside for a seat instilled confidence that our choice was probably going to work out for us, even if the wait didn't.  After putting our names in, we decided to hang out by the bar for the 1st come open seating.  As luck would have it, that option probably cut down our wait by at least 10 minutes.
On to brunch, we loved everything we saw and heard about The Crabby Dick and also watched too many people order the Chicken Steak Special to not get one ourselves. Neither disappointed while both changed my opinion about brunch.  The Chicken Steak was easy to cut with just a butter knife and The Crabby Dick was totally loaded.  I'd recommend them both and won't begin to try and describe them, so better just check out my pictures.
Hawthornes also offers a small shop for beers in the event you're looking for a beverage.  Sunday morning isn't typically a time I start drinking, but their selection had me rethinking my decision.  Service was just plain awesome, with great opinions shared and honest advice versus trying to steer us towards more expensive plates.  
Word is already out that Hawthornes is great, especially for brunch, so I have no fear that recommending you visit will mean my spot in line is further back.  I know better now and will get here early for my return trip(s)!Tried Hawthornes for brunch for the first time this weekend.  While I did not partake, the beer selection was as ample as I had anticipated based on word of mouth.  Surprisingly absent today was anything from my favorite semi-local brewer from DE however.  But beyond that, vast and varied!  Will definitely need to come back.
As far as food, the brunch was quite good.  I had an omelet  with sharp provolone and ham.  The provolone was indeed sharp, the ham delicious.  The side of homefries were some of the better I have had in some time, herby and combined with onions and bell peppers.  
My girlfriend went for the banana foster waffle, which was just decadent, dripping with syrupy sweet sauce and luscious chunks of moist banana, atop a perfectly cooked waffle.
So, good beer, good food...  why three stars?  I'm afraid that rests upon the service.  While our waitstaff was reasonably attentive and the biercafe was fairly vacant,  this meal for two with only coffee to start still managed to take considerably too long, approaching two hours.    So, keep that in mind when you visit.
I will go back, but perhaps for beverages alone next time.waking up to the sounds of pouring rain (amplified as it hit the metal window AC unit in my bedroom) on a saturday morning is typically a signal to close my eyes, roll over and go back to sleep. but on this particular rainy saturday, i had a brunch date at hawthornes, so sleeping the day away was, sadly, not an option. driving in the rain from the burbs to QV, i kept thinking to myself: this had better be worth it!
thankfully, it was not too difficult to score a [free] parking spot nearby, and by the time i parked, the heavy showers had turned to a light drizzle - things were looking up, and i was hungry. running late due to the inevitable traffic caused by inclement weather, my friends were already seated by the time i arrived - hot coffee awaiting me (yessss). i opted for the regular drip, tho note that hawthornes also offers french press, and all coffee is advertised as fair trade.
caffeine working its magic, i turned my attention to the menu. it looked like a lot at first glance, but once i ix-nayed the more lunchy and sweet options as well as the bagels, i was left deciding between an omelet or south of the border style eggs. i went with a spinach, mushroom & goat cheese [egg white] omelet which came served with rosemary & roasted pepper laden homefries and multi-grain toast. those were some seriously tasty taters, and the over-flowing omelet didn't disappoint either. good thing i came hungry!
tho not tops on my list for brunch with so many other places in town, i would definitely head back again, as well as give the lunch & dinner menus a try. i feel lame not even mentioning the beer in this review, but the other 80 reviews pretty much have that covered.I want to like Hawthorne's, truly I do. I like the  concept ("bier cafe"), the decor (and who doesn't like oj in a mason jar?), the staff is all seemingly friendly however the overall experience is inconsistent. Hawthorne's is a bit larger than other brunch spots in the city and they also have outdoor seating but you will still have a wait (Average 10-20 minutes for a 2 top).
 If you haven't already been to Hawthorne's, check out their online menu - their selection all sounds drool worthy however what is actually served is not. The final straw being brunch this past weekend in which I ordered the steak & eggs (served with a mozzarella salad & balsamic vinaigrette). The steak was well and tender but the over easy egg was over cooked around the edges and under cooked near the yolk, practically inedible. Sorry but I'll stick to a brunch spot that can cook an egg.I live only couple blocks away from here , tried it for the first time couple weeks ago with a friend for lunch and absolutely loved it. We got the french toast, hot potato mess and not sure what the name of the sandwich was ... Their food filled me up & is worth it. What surprised me was the hot potato mess it's actually well cooked and crunchy, not soggy unlike most places have.  I will be coming back !THE most legit brunch.  I want every item on the menu every time, aka, it's so hard to pick between poutine, breakfast nachos, and biscuits and gravy with a side of fried chicken.  Like damn.  Not only that, but it's also a bottle shop with beer and wine.  Where have you been if you've never bei really liked this place before the fire. Since reopening it appears the menu has changed and now there are very few vegetarian items. 
My husband-to-be and I walked about a mile from our home in East Passyunk to discover this, but we made the best of it. We decided to split a panini that came with prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato and balsamic vinaigrette ($9) and asked for the prosciutto to be left off. (It was still the same price -- it's annoying when restaurants make you pay for something you don't want, but whatever.) Without the meat there was really nothing on it -- a tiny bit of cheese and it looked like we had a half slice of tomato each. We left hungry.
The service wasn't great -- our server forgot our drink orders (we each ordered a draft beer) and had to ask us again what we wanted after we'd been waiting for about 15 minutes. We decided to get a second beer from the case. An employee immediately came up to us and was being pushy, recommending this and that when we just wanted to look on our own and decide for ourselves.
We weren't impressed and we won't be back!If you haven't been to Hawthornes yet, get there.  Unless you hate great food, great service and a great beer selection.  Then you should definitely stay home.  The food is always outstanding, and the specials are imaginative and delicious.  They've got draft beer and one of the best bottled beer selections in the city.  I'm pretty sure you can bring your own vodka for bloody marys as well, but double check on that, because I'm a beer girl.  You can also fill a growler to go.  There's always someone there dedicated to answering questions about the beer, and he is always friendly and helpful, and NEVER snobbish.  Bottle prices are clearly marked, so no heart attack at the register.  Above all else, if you have an opportunity to check out their special events, DO IT.  They are not messing around with food or beer for these things.  Lastly, if there's a wait, never fear.  You can drink beer while you wait.  How can you go wrong??I moved here just prior to their fire and recently got to check things out! I wasnt surprised how packed Sunday brunch was. The wait for a table was as friends said it would be. The floor plan gave us enough space to comfortably wait the hour plus. There are two things that occurred that really impressed me. 1- The biscuit we ordered while waiting was perhaps one of the best Ive ever had and I bake for a living. We could also see a new batch of dough being made, so it was also perhaps the freshest Ive ever had served to me. They include a tiny jar of jam that was made a delicious pairing. 2-  The wait gave me a lot of time to watch how the staff functioned. VERY WELL. This place is no joke, the staff was what any business owner would hope for but the stand out was a female manager. She made me want to work for her. You already know the food is good, but her attention to every function within the restaurant was flawless. No wonder the staff is so well trained and this place is so valued. Cant wait to returnLost my business. I've been here many times because its convenient and the food is nice. Today I called to reserve for 8 people and the guy told me they don't take same day reservations...but go ahead and stop by and maybe there will be room (p.s I asked for Monday at 6pm...probably not the busiest time for most restaurants). When I asked if he'd rather not have garaunteed business from 8 people he said "yep, that's our policy"....no real explanation just "that's our policy". Well too bad you just lost gauranteed revenue of $300-400, that's my policy!I stopped by here last night for a quick dinner. I wasn't very hungry but enjoyed the pappardelle dish.  It was raining and about 830 on. A Saturday and the staff was welcoming(brunch review) I just have to give this place 5 stars because I don't know what should or could possibly be changed to make it any better.  First, the decor is warm and comfortable.  Tables tall enough for me to cross my legs beneath, and the seats are actually spaced apart from each other so that I'm not next to complete strangers.  How wonderful!  The food is spectacular, too.  Egg and cheese on brioche sounds simple, but if you're a fan of egg and cheese sammies, you know that not all sandwiches are created equal.  Here at Hawthorne's they take their bread seriously, and the brioche is uber soft, and uber buttery.  The egg & cheese ratio is fair, and combined with the brioche, it's just top notch.  You can't go wrong with one of their signature panini's, either.  Today for lunch I had their tomato, basil, mozz sammie and it did not disappoint.  p.s. the owners hand pick fruit every three days or so, so you know you're getting a ripe bite!  yes... i asked.I didn't notice the wide selection of beer when I first walked in, but I'm glad I did. The menu can be described as darling and cute with many choices. I really enjoyed the quinoa mustard that came with my sandwich. Great staff and service. After finishing brunch I walked over to the beer fridge and explored the flavors of beers they had to offer. I personalized it with the help of the staff and it was an extraordinary purchase.My friends and I came back here for brunch and it was amazing. Great menu, great service and same fantastic ambiance. It was really crowded and we still managed to get seated pretty quickly. They even had Welsh rarebit. This is an all around great spot!By far, this is my favorite breakfast joint in the city. My fiancée and I can't keep away--and with good reason. Everything we have tried has been delicious, like the chicken and waffles, huevos rancheros, and the crabby dick, among others. Consistently amazing food, and an absolutely adorable environment. Couldn't ask for more!I ordered the eggs dish that is similar to eggs benedict, but without ham. It came with a green salad instead, which was spoiled so I could not eat it. Eggs were good though. Since I was still hungry because salad was inedible, one of my friends let me eat some of her fruit which was fresh and lovely and another friend let me eat the rest of his home fries, which were....two star, as they were greasy from not having been cooked in hot enough oil.
Coffee was lovely, service was good. I will come back again.YUM!! Let me star off by saying I must have said " MMMMM!!!!!" literally.. over 10 times during my meal. My first time biting into the fried chicken, a few times after that, and the egg, and the waffle and the salad, and fried chicken and repeat!
My bf and Is at inside for our first dining here at Hawthorne's. We were immediately excited about the self serve beer selection. Hundreds of beers from German, Belgian, UK to italian and other craft beers of the area. I got the Alyesian Oktoberfest and my bf got the Hofbrahaus Oktober fest. Only $2.75 for his, and 4 something for mine since it was 500 mLs. 
BRUNCH: my bf got the original french toast served with fresh fruits, and me the fatty got fried chicken and waffles, served with a bed of mixed greens in balsamic vinaigrette with two poached eggs in hollandaise sauce. His was $9 and mine was $14. His -- he only ate one of the pieces. Why? Not because it wasn't delicioso, but because it literally, yes literally, weighed a freaking pound. I picked it up, no joke. It's really hefty, cinnamony and delicious :)
MINE - ERRMAHHGERRDDD so gooooooood. The chicken was crispy (except for where the egg sat on the chicken). Actually, I didn't even know how to attack my meal at first. It's SO MUCH FOOD. Egg on top of chicken on top of waffles and then salad. But the chicken was crispy, super flavorful and seasoned very well, om nom nom. The waffle was standard, a good consistency though, nothing special but a nice touch for the chicken and waffles combo. The poached eggs were poached perfectly so when you run your work thru it, it runs down allllllll over your chicken. Salad was standard, but good. BUT THE HIGHLIGHT WAS THE CHICKENNNN OM NOM NOM. I also took almost all of it home because it was so filling. I had 1 egg, 1/4 of the waffle and 1 piece of chicken, then i was full.
WHY then is this not a 5 star review? Meow. Service unfortunately. I had about 1/2 the piece of the first chicken before I was full, and my bf was full too. So we were waiting for the check. Let's just say that it took long enough for the server to notice us, so that i finished the whole piece of chicken. She was friendly though, and I saw her looking around trying to be attentive. But she missed over us twice. For that reason, cannot give this 5 stars. BUT ErMAHGERD SO GOOD.We went to try Hawthornes when they had the Dock Street Brewery "Free Growler" event. Basically you get a Hawthornes growler for free once you pay for the 64 oz of beer. It's a nice deal since growlers run about $15-$16 most places. 
The interior is new - warm and well lit. Limited tables, so I could see getting a seat on a busy night as being problematic. 
We showed up at 7 for the event and already a line had formed. Now, it doesn't appear that they really thought this process through. Seems simple enough - pick your beer, give some basic info, pay. But we waited for over 30 minutes for four people to get our growlers. It seemed like the process could have been faster.  Like collecting names & info beforehand and checking inventory on the kegs. 
After our growlers were filled, we sat down to enjoy & order some food. We waited....and waited...and waited...and finally about 20 minutes after sitting, we were asked to order. 
For some reason, they weren't serving their dinner menu, which was bizarre. Friends got the Mediterranean Plate ($12) to share, while we got Sweet Rosie paninis. ($9 each). Food took a while to come out. The Sweet Rosie was just okay. The bread was burnt while the cheese wasn't melted. I wasn't really impressed with it for the price.
It's a good concept. And the beer selection is terrific. The ambiance is nice too. But the service and the food could use major work.I have not tried their food, but look forward to it.  Their growler system and beer selection is awesome.  I look forward to trying some of the dishes mentioned by other Yelpers.I hate to see this place crash and burn, given how much I loved it these last few months, but these last few visits have had their bumps and glitches, and today's visit sealed their fate, in my eyes. 
We were informed of a 45 minute wait when we arrived--not a big deal nor a surprise on a busy Sunday morning. But while the others waiting ahead of us had coffee and other beverages, we were offered nothing. And, an hour later, when we finally were offered coffee, it never came to us. So, we wandered around towards the back of the store, browsing the beer selection, and then made our way back towards the front as the crowd started to thin out. 
But as the tables turned over, we couldn't figure out why we were still not being seated. Turns out, there was a large private party coming in, but I wish we'd been told of this. Hawthornes revealed themselves to be really ill-equipped for such a large crowd, in addition to full service for their other patrons. The service we received once we were seated was incredibly poor, and completely unapologetic. Our waiter's response to a request for a side of toast while we waited to order was "I have 3 other tables. This is an uncharacteristic day. I'll get your coffee..." and then left. We should have, too.
Once our orders were taken, it was still a challenge to get the attention of our server, for basics: water; cream and sugar for the coffee; and some butter and jelly for the toast that accompanied our breakfast. 3 of the 4 of us were supposed to have cheese in our omelettes, but it was completely undetectable. And then, the bill:
You charged us for a side of jelly?! We had waited, patiently, for over an hour; received "service" that made us feel like we weren't supposed to even be there; and had several errors in our collective orders that were never acknowledged. I hope that surcharge, for a measly ramekin was worth losing the several hundreds of dollars we've been spending there, in food & beer. Not to mention the fact that this is no longer the "must try" word-of-mouth reference I've been telling everyone I can, up until now. When asked at the register how everything was, my father's response was "disappointing," to which the person at the register shrugged it off with a pat "sorry about that." If you're not interested in the feedback from your repeat customers, because you're busy enough where you don't think each party matters, you'll find yourselves with an empty restaurant, wondering why. 
Sh!t happens. But it's how you handle the sh!t that really matters. And this morning's experience left me feeling frustrated with a cafe that used to be a go-to fave. I won't be back.The quesadilla was probably the best I ever had, and the beer selection was legit. Our server Meghan was super nice. Will absolutely be coming back on a regular basis!Came here for brunch with a few friends on Saturday mid morning. I have been trying to come here for  about a year now, there is usually a long wait for this place but since no one was in a hurry, we decided why not.  The hostess was very nice and understanding as I had to change the number of people several times.  Because the wait was about 45 minutes, she allowed us to go to the back bar and have a drink while waiting for the rest of our party.  I love their Bloody Mary's and pancakes. The portions here are large and perfect for when you are drinking and trying to catch up with friends.  I definitely think the wait is well worth it.For filling up your growler and grabbing some bottles of beer this place is fine. But when it comes to the food, it is so terribly overpriced for what it is. An avocado chicken sandwich for $10? That makes no sense. If you substitute with vegetarian chicken, it becomes a $13 sandwich on wheat bread. That's just freaking crazy. A hot mess of chorizo, egg and potato for $13? Lame. Also, stay away from the fries. It's definitely not worth it to substitute fries for the chips because they are wet and soggy. 
This place needs a reality check on their prices. It's more expensive for lunch than Barbuzzo and other places that know food. I'm just clueless on why the food costs so much when they're making plenty of money on beer and their budget for decor (country kitchen meets Pier One Imports) is minimal.  It's like being trapped at an amusement park (having a great time enjoying the rides of beer) and having to order crappy, overpriced food. Blows.We dropped my brother in-law off at PHL @ 8:30am and quickly Yelped for brunch places in the city. Our criteria consisted of crab benedict and craft beer. 
Came a crossed Hawthorne's rather quickly. Only 15 mins for the airport; however finding parking can be a bit tricky. Keep in mind we were there at 8:45am on a Sunday and zero spots. We looped around a few blocks to find a spot. Once when made it back, they were just opening at 9. The best advice I can give, get there right at opening. This place filled up quick!
Ordered breakfast beers (great selection) while having a terrible time deciding on what to eat. Everything sounded amazing. So we all got something different to share. Sister ended up with the crab Benedict, boyfriend got the funnel cake french toast. I went with the chicken and waffles. They also had meyer lemon pancakes that none of us wanted to turn done, so we got them to go. 
Everything came out with 20 mins and was A-mazing. We pretty much ate until we hated ourselves. Not one complaint; not even from our non eater. Seriously ate ourselves into a food coma. Our waitress dropped off the lemon pancakes packaged to go.. We all looked at each other and opened them up. Sweet love of baby jeebus. Stupidly good. Could seriously eat them everyday. 
Once we wrapped up the tab, we grabbed our remaining beers so they could seat our table, and headed over to their to go beer section. By this time the place was really pack with people waiting. 
Definitely a regular must.Went to Sunday brunch so I expected a wait, was told approximately 30 minutes but it ended up being close to an hour before being seated, luckily there is a great beer distributor across the street to browse around. The hostesses didn't seem very competent in their job since it took 10 minutes to seat us even though there were 6 tables that opened up. 
The beer selection inside was decent, nothing to complain about but also nothing noteworthy given it has basically the same selection as Wegman's. Ended up ordering the house shandy, was decent but I'm sure it's misleading given that it has a stated 5% abv but that's most likely just the beer portion. 
As for the food I ordered the biscuits and gravy. Overall, it was decent but would have been better if the gravy was closer to hot than room temperature. Besides the temperature it was very tasty, including the home fries which were nice and chunky. 
I would give Hawthorne's another chance if the opportunity arose but I will not go out of my way to do so, maybe a weeknight dinner would be best.Great for brunch and beer. Food is always top notch.There really isn't much to add about Hawthorne's that hasn't been said. It's the best breakfast spot in South Philly far and above the stand around outside and wait forever Sanbrina's or the stand around and wait forever at Morning Glory. Add 1000 beers in the fridge, several on tap and a growler service and you have a business model which guarantees a steady stream of bearded hipsters along with great customers like me. 
But this review is really about the new beer delivery service Hawthorne's started offering. Due to a loosening of Pennsyltucky's religious influenced and political patronage blue laws, private businesses in PA can now deliver up to 192 ounces of beer or roughly a 12 pack. Hawthorne's introduced this service recently and you can place your order online at  https://quicksipdelivery.com/. 
Keep in mind you will pay more for a six pack than you normally would if you just got up off your ass and walked outside instead of sitting in your skinny jeans exchanging tweets with your beta bearded men's group but demand influences prices. And if you happen to be the typical slack jawed mouthbreather Philadelphian rest assured they have your favorite crap beer such as bud or yuengling available for delivery though why for the life of me someone would actually have spare cash available which would be better spent on rent or diapers for one of their many slack jawed future mouthbreathers is a question for a future post.
I chose to test this delivery service this past week during a severe snowstorm. I placed an order for a 12 pack of a Yards mix and waited comfortably for the beer to arrive. Full disclosure I live less than a block from Hawthorns and could easily walk to the place in less time it would take me to bundle up.  Also full disclosure I could have just sent the wife, but that is another topic as well. I placed the order at 10:30, the website said all deliveries start at 12 but within 30 minutes I received a transcribed voicemail in my email from Debbie offering to garble hwath... Btw Vonage voicemail transcription service sucks. I called back and found out that Debbie was a person nicknamed Ducky and he wanted to know if he could deliver the beer now since business was booming due to every other dick like me ordering beer during the snowstorm (not his words, mine). Needless to say I tip well for prompt service and we made sure Ducky was compensated for venturing out into the blizzard for the one block hike to deliver my beer.  Great job Duckt, Chris doesn't pay you enough, I'll mention to him to give you a raise when I see him next.
I wish my friends who live in strip mall suburbia could experience the vibe and ambiance of a gastropub par excellence, Hawthornes, but they are seemingly content with their chain restaurants and driving to no frills bars with comfortable factory beers on tap. Their loss my gain.  
Well done Hawethorne's, well done.Brunch at its best. The atmosphere is comfortable and airy. We went on a lovely Sunday so did not mind standing outside for an hour to get a table (which you will!) 
Great menu, friendly staff, endless coffee. One of the many brunch places in Philly that just serve great food.My boyfriend and I went here for brunch today ... 45 minute wait.. the egg nachos were super soggy, the turkey blt was very dry.. however, my bf's burger was okay!Hawthornes is my favorite place in the city besides my room, that's gotta say something. The beer selection is superb and the food is some of the most delicious I've ever tasted. I'm no vegetarian but I have to say that the vegetarian lasagna they offer is amazing and definitely worth a try. I've yet to try the growlers they offer for the craft beer but that's next on my list.
All in all this place is top notch and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves beer and tasty food.Walked by this place on the way to Isgoro's and when my boyfriend saw the fridges with beer, he just had to go in. This guy knows his beer, and he was pretty impressed with the selection at Hawthorne's. There are about 8 different fridges with beers from around the world, many famous IPA's, and several craft beers. He was a little disappointed that Pliny the Elder wasn't offered bottled, but still happy to know that the rest of the Russian beers were there. Walked out with $27 worth of beer, and a very happy boyfriend.Hawthornes not only has delicious food that appeals to a wide range of taste pallets but their customer service is fantastic as well. I called several restaurants in south philly to make a reservation for 15 people on a Saturday evening. They were the only restaurant that was accommodating when scheduling the reservation. Our server Allie had a great attitude, was amazing, and very knowledgable about the food and beverages. My party of 15 turned into a party of 20 and they handled it calmly with several seating options to accommodate the situation. The warm and cozy environment made it feel as though I was having some friends over to my home for dinner. I absolutely recommend this place for dinner any time and especially if you are having a larger gathering.Great brunch + beer. It's been a while since I dined here, but thanks to my picture I recall the experience pretty vividly. 
First off, this place gets busy and if you're going with a large group good luck. I got the 'south of the border,' and its worth it for the crispy corn tortillas alone. It's huge and delicious, but maybe a little excessive with the sour cream (that's down to personal preference). Nonetheless, I loved it. 
They have a good beer selection on tap, and if you chose you can also do growler fills. I'm a fan of this place and would go back in a heartbeat.Just came here with my boyfriend today because he wanted to try somewhere new so we Yelped for "brunch." Most brunch places closes at 4:00PM and this place is no difference; But we didn't know that.
We got in the door around 4:30 and found out the kitchen is closed from 4:00-5:00 to prepared for dinner. We decided to stay and try it out anyways. The waitresses were very nice and we were allow to sit, read the menu and wait. It is also like a beer/wine store so that is good for anyone who likes to drink.
For appetizer, the boyfriend & I had the Mediterranean Plate ($12) which included homemade hummus, falafel, white bean salad, kalamata olive tapenade, feta, served with warm flatbread. I've never had kalamata olive tapenade but it was an interesting taste that I am not sure if I liked or not.
I had the The Meaty Latke ($16.50) which was kind of really sweet. This dish consisted of  boneless beef short ribs and homemade potato pancake with very sweet griffin creek merlot reduction. It also had garlic and lemon seared asparagus.
The boyfriend had the Plank's Poulet ($17) which was chicken, garlic smashed potato, lemon seared asparagus cherry porter reduction. I only had a little bit of the chicken which wasn't bad.
Random little things I liked about the place: cute little fireplace, candle lights, you drink out of mason jars, I also saw another table with a cool beer/wine cup, the little table you see in the middle of the room once you walk in, and the mini chalkboard on the bathroom doors.I love this place.  Deserves a 4.5.
I've been here 3 times, twice to buy beer from carry-out, and once for dinner.
The carry-out beer is great, they have a large selection of many craft beers that are hard to find by the bottle.  Russian River, yes!  
Once I had dinner here, we bought beer from inside carry out, and opened the bottles at our table sitting outside.  We also had draft beer too.  The server was great, so friendly and wonderful (I wish I remembered her name! Short brown hair)   I wanted raviolis, but she said it was spicy so I had to decline.  For dinner I had Salmon, was delicious in a pesto sauce.  My boyfriend had crabcake... being from Maryland I never order a crabcake anywhere, but I tasted his and it was actually pretty good!  For dessert we had some specialty items, I had some chocolate pudding that was to die for, and my boyfriend had banana creme brulee, that was pretty good, but it had some kind of chunky rice pudding in it too.  
Overall, highly recommend this place.  I heard the brunch here is the best, so I plan to come back soon for breakfast food!Get your bottle of champagne and head over here for weekend brunch.  Affordable, delicious and so homey inside. 
Despite the tiny dining room, they do surprisingly take reservations.  I came here with a big party and called far in advance to schedule it.  Next time, I'd probably go with a smaller group, just because there isn't a lot of seating.  Large beer selection and great spot in the wintertime to sit beside the fireplace, put your feet up with an adult beverage of your choice and some eggs benedict.I've had dinner here twice in the last 3 weeks and unfortunately service was a problem both times. I've never had this issue during brunch. Ordered the $20 cheese plate both times, the second time it was laughably small. 5 small pieces of toast with 3 pieces of cheese smaller than my pinky finger - total joke. Why such inconsistency? Both times the servers struggled to answer questions about the menu, especially the wine. Both times their draft wine system was kicked, and "it would take a while to change." What? So we bought overpriced, mediocre bottles. Which we drank out of rocks glasses, because they don't have actual stemware. Both times, servers dropped and shattered plates. This is a decent casual brunch place but is totally lost during evening hours.I just had the best meal I can remember.
The first time we went to Hawthorne's we liked it, it was good.  We were back tonight and had incredible meals matched with super friendly service. 
We started with cheese and mustard - beautifully served with ample mustard, toast, berry slices and some jam.  I didn't love the actual cheese, but it was a great appetizer.
I ordered a special - potato encrusted chicken breast served atop mashed potatoes (skin on), corn puree and poblano sauce.  It was an amazing combination of flavors, elegantly served, and the chicken was crispy,  ridiculously moist, and flavorful.  
I had a bite of the Hawthorne's burger, which I knew from the menu would be far too rich for me, but I really appreciated the complexity of it - nothing to complain about (except that I could only have eaten a few bites).  My dining partner love the burger.
The service was attentive and friendly, and both people we spoke with seemed very knowledgeable about the beers - we have very different taste in beer and they were able to recommend excellent choices for each of us.
We were slightly surprised by the price when it was all said and done, but the chicken was more like something I'd get in any of the pricier big name restaurants in the city.
I can't wait to go back.I remember talking to the folks at Bella Vista as Hawthornes was being built out at their former location. They wanted to make sure that it was going to be more than just a place to mix a sixpack, that it was going to be a serious food offering as well. A few years on, it's clear that they've succeeded.
It's in a bit of an odd location, well removed from the trendy stretch of East Passyunk, several blocks north of the pho paradise at 11th and Washington, and not quite convenient to the resurgence of South Street. 11th street is kind of weird at that point, a wide street with disused trolley tracks, bunker-like condos, and converted warehouses. It's sort of a restaurant oasis, a way station between neighborhoods.
I usually end up there when a bunch of friends want to go out for dinner, but don't want to go to a bar. While the ever-ascendant gastropub trend has been fantastic in this city, sometimes you don't want to eat in the dim cacophony the dinner rush brings. Hawthornes offers a nice alternative, a brightly lit dining room without a crowded bar to fight through.
The food is a nice mix of upscale pub burgers and sandwiches, as well as some southwestern options. They have a good array of cheese board options, as well as sometimes ambitious specials. The brunch options are fairly standard, with a somewhat southern them, having both biscuits and gravy, and chicken and waffles. The prices are reasonable for this part of the city, though sometimes leave you wanting in terms of portions.
The real beauty of Hawthornes is the takeout beer selection. Refrigerated cases line the back wall, with a diverse and well curated lineup of beer. Unfortunately, Pennsylvania's byzantine liquor laws mean these can be a bit pricey, but its still a better option than a takeout six from most bars. They pride themselves on their growler fills, thought I haven't tried that yet.Everything here is +average right down to its ambiance. Solid portions plus chips to go with your craft beer. I had a chicken salad sandwich. Enjoyed the addition of grapes & hot peppers in my sandwich. Great lunch experience and would definitely come back again.This place is great. Food is great, beers are great (both on tap and bottles) and the service is great.  Any time you want, you just get up and go pick from a massive selection of beers.....no waiting for servers (who were super friendly)...no picking from a list.....just go pick. Plus, the prices are great. Several good beers, for under $3.  2 of us had dinner with 2 beers each and desert for about $50.  My new favorite place.....can't wait to go back.Had brunch here the other day. The fried chicken and waffles was amazing!! Best I ever had!Stopped here w/ a buddy of mine at his recommendation,  glad we did,  as I found Hawthornes to be my kind of place.  Great selection of fine craft beer to choose from and great food served to go with.  This is a cross between a craft beer take out and a restaurant,  love the concept of being able to pick your own beer and glass,  then  sit down and drink while you get to have a great meal.  My only concern would be parking,  since this place is located in S. Philly and parking always has the potential to be a problem in that part of the city,  fortunately parking did not seem an issue on my first visit to Hawthornes and hopefully won't be when I return.  Prosit!I love Hawthornes. Its a great atmosphere, with a good selection of food and beer. I've only been to Hawthornes for dinner, but it was really filling and delicious. The beer selection is great and I've discovered some new favorites. Of course you need to be careful about the prices, much like the Foodery. Its easy to rack up a hefty bill on just beer.
One of the nights I was at Hawthorns was the night Philadelphia had the "blizzard". It was so nice to sit next to their fire place and have a few drinks. There is such a nice comfort to Hawthornes that most places wouldn't be able to reproduce.
Welcome to the neighborhood Hawthornes, I'll be visiting frequently!I've walked past this place so many times never noticing what I was missing. This is a beer lovers paradise. With a vast selection of beer it will keep you coming back for more. When I came to dine had the Port Shark Attack lager a crisp flavorable beer that went perfect with my food. For my appetizer I had their fried peiroges a little greasy but worth it. My main course I had the short rib tacos such a good choice I practically wanted to eat the plate. And to end my quest for culinary delight I had a cheesecake churro. Just amazing as soon as it was put on the table it was gone in the flash. I plan to come back to try another beer and pair it with my meal,It took me a long time to finally make it to Hawthorne's, but it won't take me long to make it back!
This beer-focused neighborhood spot has recently provided me two of the best brunches I have had in recent memory.  The first was a quick Saturday morning stop with a girlfriend.  We arrived around 10:30 and were seated immediately.  I enjoyed the smoked salmon bagel platter that starred an "everything" Jewish water bagel - a style that I rarely see in Philly.  My dining companion had the Philly Cheese-steak Omelette, a daily special that was every bit as tasty and indulgent as in sounds served with crispy just-greasy-enough homefries.
The second brunch was the Sunday after daylight savings time fall-back and, perhaps as a result, a 10:00 arrival for our group of four would have had a wait of ~45 minutes for a table inside.  However, we decided it was just warm enough that some coffees and enough beers would make one of the immediately available sidewalk tables workable.  This brunch included: the funnel cake French toast (insane and way too rich, but delicious); steak and eggs (an awesome and unusual variation featuring short ribs); a very solid execution of a two-egg breakfast with bacon, toast and potatoes; and the very BEST pumpkin pancakes I have eaten.
Both meals featured friendly and prompt service even though the cafe was crowded each time.  The coffee was hot, strong and fortifying.  The draft beer list had great selections, and the bottle selection was extensive.  Dinner at Hawthorne's needs to happen for me soon, and may be the thing to solidify a fifth star!I absolutely adore this place!!!!!! :)
Not only can you get decent beer at great prices,but the food is spectacular too! Went for brunch and got a fantastic omelet with goat cheese, tomatoes and caramelized onions while a friend got the cream chipped beef! Everything was excellent including the service!
I will definitely be back here! :)Hawthorne's is my most favorite brunch spot. No questions asked.
I always get the salmon eggs benedict, and it is heaven in my mouth each time. If I lived in the Philly area, I would definitely try to eat here every Sunday morning. 
The interior is very homey, but open at the same time. I love how they have a little beer shop towards the back. 
The only negative thing I could say is that I wish they had more seating to compensate for the long wait times. It is always packed, so I would suggest going early.The Good: The FOOD. Seriously this place has so many options and they are all delicious. I got the funnel cake French toast. I loved every second of it. 
The Bad: The service. At least our service. Our waitress was giving off serious apathy. When we asked if a dish was vegetarian she responded "if nothing sticks out to you..yes."... I mean really? If nothing sticks out? Foods are sometimes cooked in meat fat...which does not have to be listed and renders a dish not vegetarian friendly. There where no vegetarian signifiers on the menu so I would expect my waitress to know this. When we asked what the house sangria was she said "I guess it's white..it looks white." ... Wut? You don't know? It's like she expected us to serve ourselves and investigate everything on our own. 
I really hope Hawthornes takes the time to train their servers better.I'm writing this review while I'm still sitting here having just finished my Hawthorne's Burger lunch. Absolutely fantastic. The heat of the chipotle aioli went great the the blue cheese. Homemade fries were wonderful and not saturated with oil. I had the Ballast Point Sculpin IPA which was excellent to cleanse the palate periodically during my meal. This place has a great vibe and a hip, yet chill, music selection. I'm big on cleanliness and the fact that the ketchup bottle caps were clean told me that cleanliness is important to this establishment. My suggestion for improvement is to ditch the neon beer signs in front windows. This establishment is better than that.Beer selection is ok, but the food.......OH MY LORD!!!.......the food is terribly overpriced and mediocre at best. I hear Green Eggs Cafe is opening up around the corner on 13th and Locust.  Can't wait for that cause they have great food, great prices, and huge portions. Better get worried Hawthorne's. Your gonna be losing serious business real soon if something doesn't change QUICK!Great beer selection (IN BOTTLES ONLY) The drafts are terribly overpriced and they don't list the size. I ordered an American Pale ale and got a 10oz pour in a Duvel glass. Seriously.  for $6.50 I said something and was assured it was the correct pour. 
It's a dirty move. http://honestpintproject.org/Very good first impression. A bright, airy lunch spot with great desserts and a very friendly service staff. Will return soon.Big fan of those local foodie spot.  They serve up sophisticated and delicious food and have a very large craft beer selection. Their burger is particularly fantasticBeen looking forward going to Hawthorns for several years because my husband had read about their outstanding waffles. but after years of waiting today we were very disappointed the waffle banana foster was so-so and the baked French toast was  unremarkable. The waitress said it was a mix of different breads and supposed to be like a bread pudding which sounds great, but honestly,in reality it was nothing like bread pudding and when you cut into it was more like  dog food. It was also not warmed all the way through. Unfortunately this will be our first and last time and hawthorns.  we live in the neighborhood but will never set foot there again.THE most legit brunch.  I want every time on the menu every time, aka, it's so hard to pick between poutine, breakfast nachos, and biscuits and gravy with a side of fried chicken.  Like damn.  Not only that, but it's also a bottle shop with beer and wine.  Where have you been if you've never been here?!https://munchimonster.wordpress.com/2015/04/05/brunch-club-part-deux/
Hawthornes has a good variety of savory brunch dishes, and a few really creative ones. I tried the Welsh Rarebit, an interesting British breakfast dish. This was one of the better brunch dishes I've had in a while. It was basically over-easy eggs on a crusty baguette, topped with this delicious fontina cheese-stout fondue combination sauce, EXPLOSION OF DELICIOUSNESS!!! Anyways, I really enjoyed the depth of cheesey-beer flavors in this dish. 
According to my other friends, their eggs benedict was pretty solid too. I had a bite and thought it was pretty standard brunch fare. Nothing too extraordinary, but the fact that they have a variety of eggs benedict-spin is pretty fun. 
DO NOT GET DESSERT OR SWEET BRUNCH STUFF!! If there is one thing Hawthornes needs to work on, it's the dessert. I found the Funnel Cake French Toast to be mediocre at best and the Cheesecake Churros kinda mehhh. My other friend's pancakes were also pretty unmemorable.BRUNCH: A beer deli that's also a brunch spot? Man Philly brunch is weird. Again with the cold potatoes. Still, it's one of my standards, mostly because it's so close, it does outside, and it does booze (beer counts I guess. Okay not really). Three stars!
NOT BRUNCH: I love coming here to drink. It's easy and breezy and not so loud I can't talk and the beer selection is out of control and when I randomly get hungry there's perfectly good food! Four stars!How nice are these people? Last Friday night, three of us are starving after a workout and we call Hawthorn for dinner hours. They only served dinner until 9 pm but with 5 minutes to go, they were willing to take our order over the phone. By the time we got there our food was ready and yummy to boot. I love that I can pick my beer from the fridge, I love their friendly attitude and I love that they make great food with enough variety for a vegetarian. Thank you folks.I appreciate what *I* think Hawthorne's is going for... I'm just not sure that *Hawthorne's* knows what it's going for.
The breakfast menu is very good, but somewhat haphazard:  Menus are a little inaccurate in terms of describing what you get, servers don't always seem to know what they are giving you, but all-in-all the breakfast/brunch experience is solid.  And if you go there for the beer selection by the bottle you won't be disappointed.  Problem is:  these two things really don't go together all that well.
There is cushy indoor seating by a fireplace, but they've had problems with the fireplace two of the times I've been there.  They have outdoor seating, but not enough of it and it's not particularly comfortable.
A good addition to the 'hood all-in-all, but I fear Hawthorne's will be a short-lived enterprise unless they stumble across their true identity and "tighten up the screws" a bit.Lemon cornbread pancakes with blueberry compote and cream cheese...YAAAAAAS!! I went on a Saturday with 8 other girlfriends. We had a great time. I had the house sangria, steak and eggs, the lemon cornbread pancakes, and grits, yeah I know I'm greedy. I tasted my friend's chicken and waffles and it was really good too. Can't wait to go back and try their funnel cake french toast.
The only downside was not being seated until EVERYONE arrived (but if you go with people that are on time seating won't be an issue) and paying at the counter instead of with the waitress.
Overall a good experience.After a very long waitoutside ( about an hour and 15min and nope there is no space to wait inside) finally we got seated. Apparantly the place was closed down for a while due to a fire incident and now it's reopen! They have a nice and cute selection of beer but very very pricy. The menu has good variety but it's not something that worth such a long wait! You know like it won't blow your mind away but it is still yummy! Let's say I would wait there in below freezing point for 30min not 75-80mins!Great with kids. Cool ambiance. Interesting and delicious food. The beets are phenomenal as are the fries. Wish this place could be replicated in New Haven Ct!Had dinner here a few weekends ago and it was absolutely wonderful.  
We dined al fresco in the cool autumn weather and shared a bottle of the amazing Alesmith Grand Cru.  Service was attentive and friendly.  I ordered the Baja (fish) tacos which were AMAZING.  Seriously - full of tilapia, fresh pico de gallo, and a hearty serving of spicy sofrito rice.  These bad boys put the tacos at other more established "Mexican" restaurants to shame.  Stole a bite of a burger and some fries, which were also very good.
Hawthornes is definitely known for brunch, but don't skip over their dinner!I really like Hawthornes. The food is really good, and it's very hard to compete in this neighborhood! Considering Sabrina's and Morning Glory are only a few blocks away, I'm happy to see that Hawthornes has managed to hold its own. 
The food is really quite good. Their sandwiches are very large and very delicious. The omelets are extremely fluffy and perfectly cooked. Their prices are average- nothing to complain about there. Their beer selection is pretty amazing too. 
Overall I think this place is def. worth checking out if you're looking for a quick bite to eat for a reasonable price.This review is long overdue, as I went here for brunch awhile ago and just thinking about the chipped cream beef makes my mouth water.  
Although you will most likely wait for a table if you're here for brunch, don't be discouraged.  The hostesses will give you mugs filled with coffee as you contemplate the scrumptious menu offerings.  You can bring your own champagne for mimosas or vodka for bloody mary mix, which I adore, as brunch always tastes better with alcohol.
The menu selection may seem overwhelming, but in a good way.  I'd rather have too many choices than not enough.  If I could afford it, I'd brunch here every weekend.  I'd probably also gain a ridiculous amount of poundage.  But it would be worth it.  Possibly the best brunch spot in the city (yeah, I said it).Brunch was fabulous!  My BF was getting grumpy because he hadn't eaten all day, and I thought it was hilarious that he ordered the Crabby Dick.  I had a Southwestern scramble thing.  They also have a refreshingly delicious drink of Pale Ale and lemonade.
I stop through here to make custom 6-packs of microbrews.  They have a huge selection of beers and give you discounts off the per-bottle price when you are carrying out.
We had dinner here one night and BF had the tacos, which he said were amazing.  I had a juicy burger. They have beers on tap, but you can also go choose a beer from their huge selection in the fridge!  Awesome!Really happy I thought of them this afternoon when craving a salad. While it's a fairly simple mixture of greens, carrots, cucumber, red onion, tomatoes, and chicken, I'm a simple girl, so this pleased the palate. A good and healthy lunch when it's what you're after. I'm pretty certain this is the only salad they offer, so don't go expecting a number of lettuce based options.Hawthornes is a great neighborhood spot. We live two blocks away but had never been there for dinner. 
The beer menu is extensive and the draft list is full of craft beers which is great if you're a huge beer fan. I'm not a big beer drinker but still ordered one because of the variety I probably wouldn't get most other places. 
I like that you could add a variety of items to the burgers. I got the house burger with a fried egg (bacon and avocado are also available). It was very good. Juicy with good flavor. Sometimes burgers can be greasy to the point where it's difficult to keep it in one piece and the bread gets soggy. This burger did not have any problems and was great by all counts.
She got the Meaty Latke but it was not anything extraordinary. The short rib was dry and I had to finish it for her. The potato pancake and the sauce were the best parts of this dish so it loses points as the main part of the dish was outdone by its sides. If you are a big fan of short ribs, you can give it a try and see if they cook it better for you but I would not recommend.
Service was fine for a quiet Thursday evening. No complaints. Exactly what you'd expect.
If you're in the area, give it a shot. 
Points for: drink menu/beers, burger and add on choices, Meaty Latke sides/sauce.
No points: Meaty Latke Short Rib.I have been here several times during the summer.  It is a great spot in South Philly.  The prices are fair and their is a large selection of imported beer which as an expat I love.  
The food was good.  I would recommend the Park Ave Salad and wings.  Yes, their wings are pretty good.  
Highlight for me was getting to walk up to a fridge and choose my own beer from a large selection, getting the cashier to put it on the tables tab.
Will definitely go there again.Since there's usually a long wait at most of our favorite brunch spots (Cafe Estelle, Royal Tavern, etc.), we're always looking for someplace new. My gf had been here a couple of weeks ago with some friends and dug it, and suggested we give it a whirl. Good call -- it was noon on a Sunday and we only had to wait about 10 minutes for an outside table. I got the South of the Border Eggs -- two over-easy eggs atop two nicely crispy tortillas, with a bean & corn salad underneath and sliced avocado on top. It was all cooked to perfection, not at all soggy. The accompanying salsa was tasty, not spicy but that's okay. The dish came with a side of delicious rosemary potatoes which, flavor-wise, competed strangely with the Mexican-style eggs, but they were still pretty great in their own right. They'd probably go much better with a straight-up omelet. Speaking of which, my gf had a goat cheese, asparagus, and roasted red pepper omelet that was fantastic. 
Only knock was that the French press coffee we ordered was just okay, kind of weak, actually (and we waited an extra few minutes to press it). Next time I'll probably just get a regular cup.
Service was perfect -- friendly and prompt -- and the food came out fast and hot. Good people watching out on the street, also. We'll be going back -- Hawthorne's has definitely entered into the brunch rotation.The atmosphere really is great and staff is super friendly. Friend and I were in area looking for brunch, every place including this one had a wait, but at least you can drink a beer by the fire place while waiting. 
Beer selection was awesome and the home fries really are something special.  I had the crabby dick special and it was good but not amazing, a little dry actually.  Overall though the experience was still an easy 4/5Brunch, Lunch, Dinner - Hawthornes aces all.  Wood burning fireplace makes it a great oasis from a small row home without such luxuries!  The water bagels are a highlight, and anything tastes good on them! They offer french pressed One Village Coffee, deep and rich, great brunch coffee. Soups are fantastic, and always a top selection of draft beers.This place is mostly very good. Had one weird brunch experience where the waiter was outright rude. Have been back several times since and he and other staff have been great. The food is awesome, and I like some of their new additions. Hope they keep mixing it up!This really is one of my favorite places on the planet. While all you suckers are waiting an hour to have brunch at Sabrina's or Sam's Morning Glory, I'm drinking an awesome bottle of beer and don't even care when I get to eat. 
They have a great draft list of rare beers. They are usually standard price, but the coolers full of beer are generally much cheaper than what you can find anywhere else in the city. They have a separate growler list from the available drafts. You have to buy their growler bottle though.
I've mainly eaten brunch here and I normally order the S.O.S. You will see a picture that I posted on here. It's amazing.What a treat!! Great servers so attentive and friendly. Food was amazing. The crabby dick so awesome the crab cake was so flavorful along with the eggs and bread and delicious home fries to die for. The south of the border makes such a great name for this dish cuz if u close ur eyes it feels like u r tasting authentic mexican food. I recommend it to have it with the chorizo and jalapeños they give it another level of taste. Highly recommend it!!!I like to go to Hawthorne's every now and then, when I'm in the mood for all kinds of different beers and I have some extra $$. It's not that this place is expensive, it's that I can't just drink one or two because of the enormous, tasty selection! 
I've gone here for brunch a few times and nabbed a table outside and it was awesome. The staff are on top of their game now; however, there is still a lot to be desired at dinner time and eating inside. 
They have growler fills and different breweries in an out, showcasing different beers, which can be fun if they offer cheap enough fills, which they do occasionally. It def. pays to keep tabs on their website of the running lists of available deals. 
Special Note: Bring your own growler and save! Also, get there early and nab a spot by the fireplace.I am totally digging the Hawthorne's vibe....cozy fireplace, friendly staff, fantastic food with a number of creative options and an amzing beer selection. The dude who works in th eBiercafe is extremely knowledgeable about their diverse beer selection. I have eaten here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and all three meals were awesome. My only con is that the hot chocolate was a bit blah. PS I luv drinking out of mason jars :)The service was lousy, the food was less then fair and the whole cash register/split your own bill and tip math quiz end of the meal was the most unhelpful and ridiculous experience, ever. You finish a meal that you would not necessarily return for, walk up to pay your bill and you basically have a brain aneurism  trying to figure out your own totals. Never offered help from the staff to do so, never handed a calculator and it becomes increasingly frustrating standing there trying to pay and just gtfo of this line your standing in and holding up.  Don't go here if you expect great service or a feeling of welcome. It's IN and GET OUT with this place. The five of us agreed we wouldn't return.Just an awful cup of coffee. I've popped in twice for my morning joe and its been pretty bad both times. And I'll happily drink McDonalds coffee, so thats saying something. Everything else looks good. Lots of good beer and eats. But dear Lord, please do something about the coffee....Difficult for me to give 2 stars, since the food is always spectacular. Been trying for 5 yrs to get a bad meal here, but it just can't happen. The chef and ownership clearly have a mission to prepare creative, superior dishes. 
The problem is the service has taken a serious dive in the past year. It appears to a management problem - not enough servers many of the times (10 to 12) we've been there this year and a lackadaisical, carefree, and slow serving culture. There were 4 people in dining room and 3 tables (6 people) outside and it took 16 minutes to get a cocktail and beer. Waited 15 minutes for server to pick up our payment, but she was clueless - she wasn't even busy - so we went inside to pay. I'll keep coming because the food is so damn good, but if slow, clueless service continues will eventually windup moving on.So I've been regularly coming to this place - and recommending it to others - since I tried it the first time back in June.  I am sorry to say that each visit has been worse than the last.  Today was the final straw that made me update my review here from 4 stars to 2.
Went with my GF and her parents for brunch at about 11:30.  We were told there would be a 45 minute wait.  45 minutes wasn't bad for what we were expecting... so we decided to wait it out.
What the hostess didn't mention was that there was a baby shower which had reserved half the restaurant.  In and of itself - no problem.  But there was definitely not enough staff there to cover it all.
We were seated after about 45 minutes as advertised.  Understanding they were busy trying to get the shower prepared we asked for some bread for the table to tide us over - we were turned down flat so solidly that it shocked the hell out of me. From that point on the service sucked to an almost embarrassing extent... especially considering how much we played up the joint to our out of town guests.
The food was just ok compared to normal, the waiter was curt, no attention was given to things like sugar, butter and creamer, we were charged extra for jelly, and they committed biggest sin any brunch place could commit - my coffee was empty for about 5/8ths the time I was there.  
Honestly - it felt like a place that has gotten popular enough that they don't need to impress anyone to get the business anymore... which is a really bad idea when you're located two blocks from Morning Glory and Sabrinas.
Bottom line - in brunch, growler and bottle sales I've spent enough money there that I'd be surprised if the staff didn't recognize me... and I still felt flat out ignored as a customer.  
It's rough when you find a pace you fall in love with and watch it go down hill... and I really want to love Hawthornes.  However this was my third bad experience there in a row. The foodery is easy enough to get to and there are plenty of other brunch spots so I really don't feel the need to give them my money in return for feeling like I put someone out by my being there.I don't think I need to give this place any more stars, because we waited an hour for a table on Sunday. But when we sat down, the experience was more than worth it. The brunch is absolutely out of this world. 
I got a chorizo breakfast quesadilla, which came with a delicious crema. We split blueberry pancakes for the table which were so fresh with real, plump blueberries, none of that frozen nonsense. BF got the "south of the border", brother-in-law got the crab cake, and sister got the biscuits and gravy. Everyone absolutely inhaled their food. 
Also one note - the home fries are BOMB. I am not a potato gal - I can usually pass up potatoes in any format with no problem. But their seasoning is unbelievably addicting. They're perfect. 
Beer selection is also great, and I loved getting 30% off a six. We took some beer (and our full bellies) home after a phenomenal meal.Great beer selection, unique concept and tasty food.The food is good, I really like the crab cake which is more like a crab burger.  But the service, attitude and snooty policies will keep my from returning to this place.  They think they a ritzy 5 star restaurant and can treat people accordingly but they are definitely not.Dining is an experience affected by more than just the food. The ambiance, the other diners and especially the customer service can all play a factor in the experience one gets from a restaurant. 
That being said, I never got to sample Hawthorn's cuisine. Despite having reservations we were forced to wait. The staff didn't communicate with us properly and the owner was downright rude to our party.
If the owner is rude to customers, what's stopping the rest of the staff. 
My experience at Hawthorns has been permanently colored by this, it's unlikely I'll return. I'm posting this review as a warning to other's who find service as paramount as the quality of the rest of the restaurant.A regular weekend destination for my fiancee and me, it has all the comforts of eating in the suburbs surrounding Philly. I always enjoy the ambiance here and the service is really accommodating and nice.
The food is tasty and consistent for the most part. Nothing is mind blowing but I like that I know what I'm getting every time I go with some creative takes on comfort fare. Steak and eggs are good, and the pancakes are spot on. Breakfast sandwiches are a hit too. When I'm looking more for lunch I'll usually get the Turkey BLT which has some great flavors with the peppers mixed in with some tasty turkey and think slabs of bacon. 
The only thing that I want to love but don't yet is the burger. I've had it 3 or 4 times and it always tastes different; a couple of times I felt like it was heavy on the garlic. Outside of that, love it, love the beer selection and I'll be going here for a long time to come!Poor customer service, except for handsome tattooed guy. 
Decent Food.
Nice atmosphere.
Annoying bill checkout at register. Order separate checks if you're with a group otherwise it's downright complicated.As Ducky, one of the beer experts mentioned last night, "I wish that I had a wall of beer like this in my living room."  I do too... That said, Hawthorne's is sort of like a living room.  The staff (I hesitate to call them staff because they act more like real live friends) are super cool and very very knowledgeable.  
I'm kind of a newb when it comes to drinking beers, but have been excited about IPA's for a few months. Hawthorne's always have a massive selection.  There is even an entire area dedicated to seasonal brews!  
The vibe here is awesome and I understand that they are about to start having weekday brunches as well as weekend brunch.... nice little tip of insider info. :)
I can't wait to go back again, and again, and again.Hawthorne's is just a delightful place. 
When the sun is shining, have a seat outside for brunch. When it's dark and cold, sit inside around the fire and have one of the hundreds of beer selections they offer.
The service here has always been fantastic and incredibly friendly.
I particularly enjoy the option of creating my own 6-pack at a reasonable price.
I was lucky enough to live near Hawthorne's while I was living in Philadelphia, so I was a frequent customer, both dining in and running in for beer. I was never disappointed!This place is 10's all across. The service was friendly and professional, it is odd to find both in the same place now a days.  
The ambiance, while a bit loud, it was good, clean and orderly.
Let's get to the food. I have one word for it; amazing! My girlfriend who is very critical of food in general, loved all of it.  What we liked most was the Mimosa presentation.   This place was worth every penny.It's always a bit loud... really loud... and usually very busy.  The food is good, not great, but on the better end.  Would probably get more of my business but they have odd credit card policies (only accept Visa & MC... it's 2016 people, get rid of your crappy credit accounts if they charge you differently for Amex & Discover, don't put it on your customers to use cards you like).had brunch at Hawthornes Biercafe Sunday past.  The place is a nice open space with couches and a fireplace for fall and winter.  The service was good without being snarkey or over friendly.  The food was really good.  I had the omelet with cheese and rib meat.  it was really filling.  the potatoes were a bit dry but overall the food was good.  My partner had the Crabby Dick,  a crab cake Eggs Benedict.  He really liked it and when I tasted it it was really good. We both had the biscuits, a bit dense,  they were good not southern style which I am use to.  I would order them again. Go early the place is packed by 10;30am.  Over all we liked the place and would return.Really really good brunch.
Had the Crabby Dick- brioche bun + crabcake + poached eggs + hollandaise + garlic aioli. MMMM. MMM.
My friend had the south of the border eggs and really liked that too.
Great atmosphere, not too crowded, good service.
Will likely go back!I wish there was a Hawthornes in NYC, I could easily eat/drink here every weekend. Perhaps its good that its in Philly then.  
My husband found this place after a little research online.  We're really into good beer and loved the idea of drinking either draft or their bottle beer from their grocery selection.  Every beer they have here is awesome, with something for everyone's taste.  If you don't like beer, then bring your own vodka at brunch.  They offer pitchers of bloody mary mix - who ever thought of this is a genius.  Seriously. 
It was a perfect day outside a few weeks ago when we came here, so their outdoor seating was available.  They told us it was about a 30 minute wait, but were seated after about 15 minutes.  We sat outside and enjoyed ourselves immensely. 
We grabbed two beers from the fridge inside and ordered brunch.  Food came out after about 20 minutes and was delicious.
I had the fried chicken and waffles - it was epic!  It was a marriage of my two favorite foods, eggs benedict and fried chicken n' waffles.  It was a little messy, but so yummy.  The fried chicken was crispy, the hollandaise was tangy, the eggs poached to perfection and the waffle was a mix of crispy and soft.  Super yum!  It was a huge portion, so I couldn't finish it.
My hubby went for the crabby dick, which was amazing.  It came with the world's largest crab cake and was cooked to perfection.  The bread was a little too much, but everything was delicious.  Maybe next time I'll order this - it was that good. 
Overall, everything was perfect.  Great staff, good food and amazing beer.  Will definitely be back!They really can't do anything wrong at Hawthorne's. Been here 3 times in the last few months and you just can't get bad meal. Their food is superior for a neighborhood cafe. Just love this place! Thank goodness they rebuilt it after it burned down a couple years ago.Cozy atmosphere. Quick service. Great food & drink. 
If you want a craft beer with your food. This is the spot. Fire place adds to ambiance.The beer selection is great! I think the prices are fair to good. Young's Double Chocolate Stout at less than $5.00 {$4.65} a can. Sign me up for one!
The food is very good. Had pressed sandwiches last night and had brunch here two weeks ago. All was very good. The french toast was particularly good.
The atmosphere is always warm and friendly. We sat by the fireplace last night and relaxed.This review is regarding brunch only. That being said brunch was awesome. 
We were sat immediately. They open early whichis nice because we are early risers I hate waiting until 11 for brunch.  Let's start with the ambiance which is perfect for a Sunday. Although they could probably squeeze in another couple tables I'm glad they haven't.  The fireplace in the winter totally sets the tone. 
Next up, coffee. Great, fresh,and tasty. Note, if you have any decaf drinkers in your crowd, decaf only comes in french press because they don't sell a lot and want to make sure its fresh. 
Service was quick friendly and dead on. Could not have been better. Food service wasremarkably fast but there was no pressure to give up the table. 
Food was outstanding though we both had specials - pancakes and fried egg with maple sausage between bread pudding. Side potatoes were nice and well seasoned with roasted peppers and rosemary. 
Far better than MoGo down the street. We will be back for sure.What a great spot! My boyfriend and I went on a double date here on a Saturday night and had a wonderful time. Our service was prompt, knowledgeable, and friendly. The menu is really varied and there's something for everyone. Also, the beer selection really cannot be beat.  For me, what really gets this place 5 stars is the ambiance. It feels like home. It's warm and inviting, there's potted plants and a fireplace, and the whole restaurant is just comfortable. And they play great music. I can't wait to go back for brunch!Love this place -- great for brunch or a light dinner. Love their vast beer selection. It can get a bit loud, but if you here with your friends, it's all good.My wife and I have been regulars at Hawthornes for years. The food is outstanding, the staff is amazing and the beer selection is second to none. They have some unique brunch options too. If you haven't been there, I highly recommend this place.I stopped by here for dinner with a friend because we're always in the area and wanted to check it out. First impression of the place: very pretty and cozy environment! I ordered the pappardelle and my friend had ordered the House Burger. The sausage that came with the Pappardelle was a bit too spicy for me, so I had trouble finishing it. The burger could've been seasoned a bit more. But the service was great and our waitress was extremely patient and helpful. I would come back again, hopefully for brunch too!I really wanted to like this place. I love breakfast/brunch and I love beer. But when I got there it reminded me of the Cracker Barrel. Kind of country-corny. The food was fine but nothing memorable. The coffee however was excellent. The service was also just fine, however I was really surprised when one of my friends asked for poached eggs and the server seemed unsure if they could be served poached. At a breakfast spot? Really? The answer was fortunately, yes. I think this was a once and done kind of place for me.